I guess they were going to be doing a
product unboxing and review video a very
detailed review video on some lips
sex toys so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want this video is sponsored by lips
themselves that being said any time I
take a sponsored video not only do I
disclose it but I make sure that in our
contract I'm allowed to state my full
and honest opinion so if I don't like
something about the product I'm allowed
to say it I would never mislead my
viewers and I would never take money in
order to do so I know we talked about
not taking any more sponsored videos but
I decided since my move is impending I
owe a ton in back taxes and I'm trying
to get ahead and saving for next year's
it would be prudent to take a few
sponsored videos oh yeah did I forget
the YouTube monetization slump anyway to
compromise this is no longer going to be
part of the sex ed series so it's not
going to detract from sex ed it's going
to be a totally different series in
itself where I do really in-depth
reviews and unboxings unboxings with
Vlad up close and personal so you get to
see the products up close and I'm going
to try them out for you guys we're going
to talk about different categories such
as the price the quality my personal
preference how loud they are how
effective they are we're going to
compare and contrast and I'm going to
have promo codes for you guys on each of
the item so let's go ahead and get this
show on the road shall we we're going to
be unboxing 3.5 items today and I say
point 5 because I have two of the same
item in different colors all lips
products do come with this plastic over
wrap which I removed prior to filming
just because I feel like it's more
professional that way but I just wanted
to note that just in case you had any
worries about it being unhygenic
or anything of that nature it does come
Saran wraps Vlad time the first item we
have here is the lips
Aphrodite rabbit vibrator you take it
out and you can see right here it has
these thoughts ridges this is where it's
going to potentially stimulate the
g-spot this is for patrol stimulation
focus there we go this is where you
control it it's made of body-safe
silicone and it's extremely soft
extremely soft and bendable and pliable
the vibration is he
and here so everywhere else is going to
be super bendable and it's Wiggly and
stuff got multiple different vibe
let's move nice enough to give me a 15%
off code for this beauty here linked in
the description I'm going to hold this
up to the mic so you guys can hear it I
would say it's a little on the loud side
not a bad way because the vibe is super
strong but I would say this isn't
something that you would use if you want
to be completely discreet if you have
parents in the other room or a partner
that's sleeping it definitely will wake
them up something off and really enjoy
about these products is that it comes
with a bag as you guys know in order to
keep all of your sex toys safe you
should have a bag for each individual
sex toy because they can melt together
they can have a terrible reaction with
each other and the fact that lips
provides one with each product is
amazing all those kids that they have
lips spelled on the front in pink if
you're shopping with companies that
don't get bags it can get pretty
expensive over time to keep buying bags
for each of your sex toys depending on
how much you collect and how many you
have it's just a nice little added bonus
that this one comes with one on every
box and in every little insert it looks
like they have a support help line for
anyone who has any questions they have
hearts and good face symbol everywhere
which makes you feel like you're part of
a family and then they have some kind of
bag of dicks thing here on the back 30%
off bag of dicks that seems legit aside
from that little insert we have info on
aphrodite itself of course the charging
cable and maintenance clean and dry the
product etc so this product on the store
right now is oh my god
$34.99 but I'm giving you the 15% off
code so if you want to check that out
link will be in the description I have
the two vibrators that I got in this
batch I had prophesied that this is
going to be my favorite one because it
has the clitoral vibe I don't usually
like ridges in my vagina as I feel like
it's usually awkward but I love how
strong the vibrations I like really
really strong vibration as it can get me
off really quickly especially when you
combine clitoral stimulation and vaginal
stimulation I don't think I'm really
going to care for the other settings I
think I'm just going to want strong
overall vibe I don't really care for the
intermittent vibe well I would say that
this is a solid product no pun intended
I
going to admit that while its reasonably
priced it's not particularly special
other than the fact that it does feel
like the vibe is much stronger like the
weakest vibe setting is actually
stronger than the weakest I'm sitting on
most of the other ones that I own that
are similar to this but I can't find
anything wrong with it it's also pink
hot pink very soft body-safe silicone
waterproof and US be chargeable I don't
feel like I'm going to be disappointed
with this one when I try it out but I
also don't feel like I'm going to be
shocked and how amazing it is next we
have the iris in two different colors
let's go ahead and give you a
side-by-side on the purple in the pink
and by the way we're saving the best for
last here what I like already about it
is that the packaging is mirrored rather
than being exactly the same which I find
kind of funny because it's the same
product just a slightly different color
soft silicone but it feels very
realistic and it looks like let's take
them out are they exactly the same it
almost looks like the pattern of
vascularity is unique on each one which
I could just be making up in my head or
wishfully thinking no it looks like that
vein here is exactly the same that would
be crazy that would be next level so I
would say these are about 8 inches maybe
7 and a half inches long a decent girth
not too thick but definitely not like a
pencil teenis what I like about it the
most is that it has realistic
vascularity what a lot of men might not
know is that their natural curvature if
they have one and their natural
vascularity can actually add to the sex
as ribbing for her pleasure and added
pleasure to her g-spot I like curves for
my anatomy usually curved down is better
but I can always just flip it upside
down as it is not a real penis and it is
a dildo that I'm using with my own hand
on the bottom here we have the chrome
handle you can see my boobs in my camera
and it is very very clean and here is
where we turn it on you have to hold it
to turn it on and again the vibe is like
out of this world holding it up to the
mic so you guys can hear it it is pretty
loud but it is a very strong solid
vibration let's check out the other vibe
setting we've got a lower slower vibe
this is a pretty erratic vibe and it
actually shows you in the light what
kind of vibe it is almost a Morse code
style which I find pretty cool I
actually like the variation and
vibration of this one I feel like the
only thing this is lacking is clitoral
stimulation but then again you can just
take this and rub this on your clit as
long as it vibrates and as long as it's
made of soft silicon and you have some
Lube handy you can use it for either
purpose it doesn't really matter I
honestly feel like these vibration
settings make a little bit more sense
whereas the other one was kind of just
like that but it was more like actually
doing slow Morse code so let's see
what's underneath here double the
protection for the purple ones here's
the manual for the iris comes with a
micro USB keep the power button away
from water so it's not completely
waterproof
talked about how long it even takes to
charge is very comprehensive I actually
like these things I feel like it's more
comprehensive than a lot of the other
manuals I've seen for sex toys got
another 30% off bag of dicks because why
not and welcome to the lips family with
the support code here support at lips
online.com if you ever need any help and
another beautiful velvet lips bag
tailored to the product very very nice
bags I personally find boxes for my sex
toys so high quality I almost never
throw them out because they're so good
these ones are no exception very solid
and top thanks to boot
I would expect that I'll enjoy this one
but I would prefer if it had a rabbit
vibe just my preference I think if you
don't care for a rabbit vibe and you
want something that's more realistic and
has realistic patterns for orgasm stuff
like this with a powerful motor that's
definitely going to get you off and
stimulate you whether your curves like
this or like this this might be a good
one I feel like the grip on the handles
not that great I feel like if you get a
little Lube going you're probably not
going to be able to hold on to it that
long and that's all I personally see
that could possibly be a flaw on this so
far other than not having the rabbit
vibe which again personal preference the
iris is currently $26.99 and in the
description I'll be giving you a code
for 15% off which again is a pretty good
deal so I have saved the best for last
and the reason that I chose to work with
this company is I got a full set of
Kegel balls I am so excited about these
I actually do kegels myself I do kegels
during sex I do kegels in between sets
of squats and I personally love kegels
for tightening and strengthening the
vagina and increasing climactic pleasure
I have
ever used Kegel weights but I am very
excited to try and I'm very excited to
show you guys these today I also have a
30% code for you guys down in the
description let's check it out oh my
goodness so we've got the bag right on
top I just drop that shit on the floor
I don't care know where your PC muscle
is insert your lips Kegel balls start
with the lightest weight before the
sitting exercise perform the standing
exercise it has all of the tips you need
to do Kegel exercises it's got a bag
here for all of your weights two bags
bigger so it's going to fit everything
and as you can see here it actually has
one two three four five six seven eight
different weights and in varying and
deepening colors of pink / purple I am
so excited so here we have the lightest
weights and on the end here I don't know
if you can see it says 30 grams so the
lightest pink color is the lightest
weight the heaviest weight here and wow
that's actually pretty heavy
it says 125 grams oh my god I'm excited
about these this is an adorable set I
think this is extremely worth the whole
review just having these and being able
to practice my Kegel strength so what
you do is you insert these and you try
to hold them for as long as you can
using your PC / Kegel muscles it
strengthens your pelvic floor practicing
during sex can be pleasurable to your
partner it can help with cramps during
your menstrual cycle there are so many
reasons you would want to look into this
as a woman and I think this would be a
great gift to anyone who has a female in
their lives or to a woman for herself if
you want to have better sex and better
control over your wonderful vagina whoo
yes these are awesome and I cannot wait
to go fucking try them so without
further ado let's move on to the review
portion of this I will be right back I'm
going to try these things out briefly
but hopefully not too briefly and I will
come back with my own personal verdict
and my final thoughts all right guys
I've tried things out clean things up
and I am back with my review of these
two products as well as the Kegel wave
as far as quality goes I cannot imagine
anything wrong with these there could
possibly be some issue with someone
getting water into this one this one's
waterproof so I wouldn't foresee any
problems of that nature the motors are
particularly strong which I personally
like if you're not into really really
strong vibration
like this or you for some reason need a
really really quiet motor these might
not be for you unless you just don't
want to use the vibration feature in
which case you can probably get
something for a lesser price although
these are pretty reasonably priced I've
seen things that look like this go for
upwards of fifty sixty dollars whereas
this one is in the 30s with fifteen
percent off this one similarly priced
with 15 percent off as well a little bit
cheaper when you get a rabbit vibro is
going to pay a little bit more and
personally this one can get me off
within seconds I had to fight myself and
pull out a little bit and not let this
touch my clitoris because it is such a
strong vibe but it definitely works
really fast and really well I would say
this would be a great go-to for my
everyday I just want to have a super
quick quickie masturbation session and
this would be the more like I actually
want to pretend I have a penis with me
so I want something more realistic this
vascular where actually has to work with
the anatomy of a man so it depends on
your preference if you want something
more realistic go with this if you want
heavy clitoral stimulation go with this
one if you want both at the same time
which you're not going to get with this
one go with this one I would recommend
just spending the extra five to ten
dollars to get this one this one because
to me it does have more options and it's
just better I like this one I wouldn't
never use this one I would just probably
always choose this one as I don't really
care as much for variety and if I want
something that looks like a real penis I
would just go with a real penis
unfortunately not everyone who's
attracted to penis have the ideal penis
waiting on hand like I do so this might
be a good option the only reason I would
choose this one over this one personally
is because this one actually does have a
little bit more girth again this would
be more for if I want to simulate actual
sex with a little bit of the male
domination and the male anatomy involved
I recommend and enjoy both of these
products not the best I've ever had but
definitely not even anywhere near the
worst and I have no complaints as for
the Kegel aids I honestly thought it
would be super easy to do the heaviest
one I thought oh my god I've been doing
this for so long that I'm going to need
even a heavier weight and I was almost
right but it is hard to keep this in you
for a long period of time even though
this is a little bit of a stretch my
vagina does close tighter than this when
it's just relaxing and I can squeeze it
even tighter it's hard to keep this
amount of weight in there
really love the design on these I had no
idea they were going to be so
professionally done they're that smooth
really soft silicone so there's not
going to be any friction involved
keeping it and you have to work all with
your muscles it might feel stupid at
first but this actually does help with
your health your sexual happiness and a
bunch of other things just look up and
read about the benefits I love these
things I'm so glad I have them I love
the little heart design on the end I
love that they get darker and gradients
I love that it says how heavy they are
in grams I love that it's a full set I
love that it comes with a bag I am a
hundred percent satisfied with this
product this went above and beyond what
I thought it would no fucking bullshit I
am very happy with this purchase
purchase I would have purchased it and I
want to thank lips so much for sending
it to me for sponsoring this video and
being one of the many people helping me
keep my content afloat and I want to
thank my patrons and everyone else who
watched this video please let me know if
you liked how I did this review I know a
lot of the girls were asking me to talk
more about how loud the product is more
about the durability of the product to
actually review it firsthand and I am
happy to improve my content in any way
possible oh one thing I don't think I
actually showed you guys the store page
of the Kegel weights so one second
so the Kegel weight set is forty five
ninety nine but you do get thirty
percent off with my code down in the
description so you should check that out
here are pictures and it has all the
information on their sites guaranteed
fit just how I like it
anyway I appreciate you watching and
supporting my channel and if you are
interested in any of these products here
or you want to check out Lipson website
all that info will be down in the
description
remember the iris and Aphrodite has 15%
off codes down in the description and
the Kegel weights have a 30% off code I
have no big qualms with any of these
three products and would recommend them
and so far I've only had positive and
helpful responses from the people on the
back end of their company like the video
and subscribe to the channel if you
enjoyed let me know if you bought these
products or if you're interested and I
appreciate your viewership yes see you
next time and I promise I won't do a ton
of these but when I do do them I said
doo doo they will be done to perfection
you can click on the lips product links
in the description or you can check them
out on lips online.com and on Amazon bye
guys work that pussy good guys should
get this - man this is like squatting
but instead of changing the way your
girl looks
bed it changes the way she feels in bed
