if you're wondering why I look like a
hentai fuck doll it's because I am
well that and I'm expecting some cosplay
to arrive you guys so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to part two
of S&M number 78 I think let's just jump
right into the package opening we don't
have to do any of the QA we don't have
to do any of the giveaway announcement
let's just fucking do it oh my god it's
so liberating oh if you want to see all
that stuff it is in the last video I
will link it down in the description if
you're too lazy to go find it like Jo is
is oh my god the level of human laziness
is so very apparent when I watch Jay do
things I'm like Jay can you go watch my
newest video he's like what video I'm
like the friday-night male video he's
like gaming channel or vlog channel you
should also see him try to look for his
short I'll tell him they're on the
bathroom floor he literally just go I
don't see them I pick up like the first
close on the top and it's right there
anyway I digress what's this oh my god I
could not be more hi oh it's another
virgin killer sweater oh man maybe this
one's better the other one was like kind
of hard it like wasn't soft let's see I
think I think we should put it on we're
not going to be super sexy about it
because anything like that would be
saved for fanservice Friday oh this
actually smells really bad oh it's not
like fish this definitely came from
China didn't it okay we're not going to
put this on because it smells like fish
I'm gonna have to wash it first oh my
god why would they send that to me
smelling so much like fish holy shit I
know who got that for me thank you so
much Nino you are amazing I love you so
much
and Michaela I'm going to be sending you
my other one or keeping whichever one I
like better oh my god oh my god who
bought me this who fucking bought me
this oh I didn't say you purchased it on
it sucks TV store online.com who cares
about that we have got trouble oh my god
the galaxy print in the background we
have to put these on immediately I am
saving what I think to be the cosplay
for last because I don't want to have to
take it off when I'm putting on these
awesome things but
my god let's do it epic whoever bought
me these thank you so much
ah fucking awesome oh I love epic pairs
of leggings yes yeah so good thank you
thank you oh my god it's a bag within a
bag what what it's two bags within a bag
whoa there new shit what's in the bag -
whatever's in here is new whoa Space
Invader leggings and and oh no this is a
dress you think of the dress Murray
Murray from Aristocats ruse the cast on
her Disney movies oh my god love it so
much and like something on my hands okay
we've got dresses yes oh this is soft as
shit oh my God look at this it's cut at
the bottom Demi Demi it was talking
about cutting a Hogwarts dress and she
was wondering if you can just cut it and
not put a seam back at the bottom and I
said she would have to like sew a seam
into it so look if it's this same fabric
it looks like it won't spray or at least
the makers of this dress don't think it
would fray so I would say go for it live
your Hogwarts dream baby girl oh I love
the space invaders one more obviously
especially because it's like
rainbow-colored but I think these are
going to show my boobs I guess I'll just
find out right we're going to put these
on oh my god I am in love I think these
can both go without a bra I also think
they can be cut a little bit shorter but
it actually makes my boobs look good I
love it I was looking love it so much I
adore this fucking dress thank you so
much I don't even know about it for me I
hate getting things from China actually
I'm conflicted getting things from China
or Japan or Taiwan or any of the Asian
countries because they never put notes
so we'd love to like spoil the surprise
before it gets here
but at the same time oh the best stuff
comes from there so today I'm sad I
don't get to say thank you so fucking
much to the exact person who got it for
me but oh my god
fucking good let's take this off and put
on the other one which I feel is more
suited to my hairstyle today hot pink
bra anyone I feel like a princess I'll
burn turnip run flush all right and
under that's enough of that wannabe
thumbnail shot there what could be in
bag number three four three two I don't
know what is this gigantic which is okay
this is definitely definitely definitely
from donald's we stand for the flag we
kneel for the fallen yay let's put it on
this would be too big for my father and
my father is like an extra extra large I
should give it to them if you're like
dad
you're putting on a little weight I
think that'll be better than the
numerous midget porn joke shirts alright
now I can fucking walk around and act
like I'm doing the walk of shame after I
fucked a really obese person oh yes it's
nice and comfortable
oh my god I'm being obnoxious I need to
stop it's just that I'm so hyper because
I feel good today and I'm all ond
out in the game they say on but I can't
help but say an it's my middle name it's
not on it's not like the Hispanic honor
with one N it's an talking of course
about the girl I'm trying to be the
Vistage of here from persona 5 my
finished flash Japanese counterparts
alright enough of this enough of this my
viewer retention is dropping as we speak
with no titties
alright what's this oh shit you can't
stop me I love it I love it does it say
we bought it it only says my address
doesn't say who bought it I'm sad but I
love these Mario racerback tank tops I
wear them all the fucking time under
flannel or to the gym or just fucking in
general looks pretty good now I look
like a like a sporty weekend summer on
and damnit
thank you so much also we've got our
monthly Dollar Shave Club razors if you
guys want to check them out link will be
in the description
still still confused and mystified as to
why I get these oh but I'm very happy
because I use the razor
single-day not sponsored or am i not to
my knowledge
come on baby don't light me on fire and
as always we got the inserts called
bathroom minutes mother of all
discoveries it is Mother's Day weekend
mommy I love you so much you're so
wonderful why you been such a wonderful
mother never doubt that don't you see
how awesome I am mom I mean like come on
I wouldn't be exactly as awesome as I am
without your guidance have your mother
day 54 headless Vikings is one of the
things here we're going to move on
thank you Dollar Shave Club for sneakily
signing me up and making me a customer a
nun paying customer albeit but a
customer nonetheless all right we've got
this thing homemade photo I've lost my
fucking things I'm so strong what's this
gold locket necklace course it's made in
China everything good comes from China
oh shit dude this is so sick
hopefully it's tight enough it's going
to tighten up loop for my neck oh I love
this
I approve I think you guys have proved
too let's give glad to show you better
since the camera is a little bit angled
up you will be able to see as well dad
oh yes dad please show off my neck this
is fucking cool it's a backward the
locket is backwards what the fuck that
is gonna make for a sexy selfie though
right oh there it's got an actual hole I
don't know where the key is is there a
key I got to give someone this key like
Jay Jay can be my man handler that's a
fucking cool gift thank you so much as a
BDSM experimenter I do enjoy things like
this especially when they're pink we've
got something from g-sync yeah I'm gonna
pose Jason Claire's links down in the
description
he makes epic fucking arts and he's a
goddamn badass I fucking love this guy
he's so amazing he also is on vid me
he's one of the creators that moved over
with me well I shouldn't say moved over
but we're both uploading content to both
places so lose both of his links oh my
god no way
no way Dragon Ball manga oh my god
Dragon Ball manga Ivan 6 Harry there
fuck me though with five and six what
the fuck now I do have to get the other
ones I think you put these in here
all my edges I think he put these in
there so his art doesn't get ruined but
his art kind of got ruined a little bit
I'm very saddened on how the YouTube
boycott is affecting us all just goes to
show that you can't put all your eggs in
one basket very wise words keep watching
your marcher doing well baby girl
anyway the images provided are three
versions of chapter purple from the
doujin the non black version is designed
to disappear as you color it they made a
great subject for my vanishing lines
class also enjoy your bonus photo love
Jason Claire I do love Jason Claire oh I
think I saw something really amazing I'm
going to grab black for this because
it's artwork deserves to be front and
center so here's the first picture in
the chapter purple very fucking sexy he
just be drawing to this vlog she's a
really cool dude you just check them out
definitely check them out support his
work this is a vanishing lines one
because it is a non black one here is
the black one and oh my gosh it's me and
piccolo oh my god is green piccolo oh so
good day Sinclair I can't believe it oh
yes oh yes but he doesn't have a penis
so I'm saddened every time I think of
this fantasy also he's not real so that
you know contributes to it but mostly
his asexuality and asexual reproduction
is what haunts me at night and as always
I love the colored one the best because
me plus color equals orgasm if you can't
always fucking tell I really need to
start getting back into manga review I
wish there was a way that I could read
manga to you guys so I could like pet to
kitten with one hand by like streaming
manga sessions of reading together it
would be really cool a user read manga
while I played Magic the Gathering in
between rounds when people wouldn't
bother me which people usually bothered
me I can get through one of these in
like one day oh I miss it so much and I
like the monetary views I did on my
second channel youtube.com slash Eric
I've got games if you want to support
that YouTube channel will be in full
force again once I move thank you so
much Jason clear you're fucking amazing
again his links in the description and
oh my god are we doing bag inside a bag
again no what is this what what
oh my god this is a lens case right I've
seen these before are their blends oh
yeah this is a fuckin lens case it looks
like a macaroon cookie very fuckin cute
then we have an owl infuser I actually
have this but I don't think I have it in
pink I have it in a bunch of other
colors we've got a skull and crossbones
infuser which is like one of the coolest
infusers I've ever seen you have to take
this out so the tea goes on the inside
here and the crossbones goes outside of
the cup I've been drinking so much tea
lately at least one cup of day so oh my
god and then we have of kena straws oh
my god penis straws this is for all the
Asian penises out there there's your
fantasy all right here we go we got
penis straws everywhere penis straws in
my her
we have penis confetti I feel like
someone told me they got me this stuff
with Acadia who sent this to me fuck I
need to start writing the shit down
again in any case thank you so much I'm
going to move into my new house and just
throw this everywhere I'm actually
really glad that it didn't confetti mess
up my whole house and I would feel
really bad like vacuuming this shit up
when it's so hilarious they honestly
kind of look like arrows and not penises
so great I love it so fucking my oh no I
don't know all right we need to have
more penises between the boobs
apparently this is cutting off my life
but we're going to deal we're gonna deal
okay oh yes no thank you
hey Tara here's a cute hot pink kitty
that you can squeeze to match your sass
I thought it said your ass no seriously
squeeze it now xox Melanie no means yes
a little inside joke Claire why are we
squeezing those cats feisty pets try me
how do i what squeeze back of the head
okay oh my god what the fuck ah ah ah I
gotta find a way to scare Jay with us
thank you so much Melanie this is so
badass oh my god it looks like a random
like ey pet but it's so is not oh so
good I love
I love it oh my god wasn't say name lady
monster truck well shit
I love getting shit like that that I've
never heard of before but I totally
needed okay moving on we got one more
boxes okay oh yay this is from de nuit
we've got the light up minecraft flash
oh shit glad No
oh shit flask no okay we're gonna wheee
rad turn turn down turn up the chill
turn down the not chill highchair I want
you to enjoy your MC potion light love
or actually his xxx de nuit I love your
Daenerys no he actually wants me to send
him one because they do not ship to his
country and he is a huge minecraft fan
me not so much
I just you know kind of like the
Minecraft memorabilia I don't know why
tell pixelated and cool one day I will
play Minecraft with you de nuit yeah
love you so much I love you so much
you're amazing thank you I also like
lights that are gaming related to hook
up behind my stream I just think it
looks so cool okay here we go this is a
hundred percent my on cosplay it's not
it's not her persona unfortunately but
here is yes good boy rubber fucking cock
we've got her sweater I got armless
sweater because it goes underneath
I hope this stuff fits me actually got a
large because it's Asian this is her
undershirt him I not wear this because
it makes it less sexy and we've got her
skirt we've got her over jacket I will
be right back okay so hold on my mics in
the shot
my review on this cosplay is I totally
could have gone with a medium I didn't
know that the skirt was going to be
stretching at the top I thought it was
going to be like an actual skirt where
it's a button and then a zipper so I
might have that altered to be smaller
and shorter and be a button in a zipper
rather than something as bulky the black
undershirt is really unnecessary it is
part of her design but it's barely
visible I don't know I would probably
get a regular black shirt rather than
use this I like the sweater I just was a
sweater wasn't sleeveless I'm probably
just going to wear it as like a
sleeveless like sexy sweater and then
I'll wear this over thing in the same
way that I wear my attack on Titan
jacket just casually
I need a yellow clip and I totally
thought this came with the red tights
but it didn't I have perfect shoes for
this to someone actually sent me really
good shoes that would fit just look
exactly even though my hair is kind of
messed up I didn't do the zigzag part
properly I'm pretty happy with this it's
pretty good the stitching on the hood
let me show you actually pretty legit I
definitely remind myself of an I am NOT
going nude you guys haven't played the
game II don't know what the fuck I'm
talking about what can I say that's on
like I don't know but what I do actually
do a whole photo shoot of this is going
to need to be some alterations done
that's really really bulkier on the
midsection like there's just so much
clothing here I don't know but I love it
it's really high-quality it's really
it's done well I'm actually kind of glad
I got the Shoojit Academy jacket
enlarged because it's really tight on my
tits and I want to be able to button it
up I don't even know if I can button
yeah I can do it all right there we go
don't forget to watch yesterday's video
if you want the QA all the giveaway info
who won who won was house team is
fucking up my entire life and pictures
from my MRI you actually get to see
inside my head pretty cool and creepy
shit what thank you so much for watching
don't forget to like the video and
subscribe there's going to be two videos
over here that you can watch and you
guys are just fucking exceptional to
anyone and everyone who sent me anything
or thought of doing so or just watch
this video I am eternally grateful to
you all so one second
bye guys follow me take all this extra
shit off Oh
wash me so dip smooch me sleep I don't
know how God fires do it
I don't know how to do it Oh thumbnail
time how cute does this look or maybe I
should wear just this well to try that
now this is how I would dress if I were
a student at Yujin Academy I would let
my hair down how but it hurts to do so
it hurts
oh fuck dude ow oh that's more my speed
Oh bye guys
