Clemence tongue-tied hey guys welcome to
a new episode of Friday night mail just
kidding so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
okay so technically this is Friday night
mail but without the mail aspect the
mail portion of the video takes like
five hours to edit and I didn't have the
time to do it today so today I'm going
to be doing extra questions for the Q&A
portion I'm going to be announcing the
winner of the giveaway closely in the
giveaway link and telling you guys a
little story about my MRI today showing
you pics and yeah that's pretty much why
I'm not doing it today I would have had
everything done but having to go to bed
at a weird time yesterday and then wake
up early and go to this appointment
today
oh my god so let's go ahead and start
off with the winner of this week's
giveaway the winner of this week's
giveaway is Jimin G I think he's
supposed to be like Jumanji but without
like most of the vowels I'm not sure
anyway he wanted beaming or beam ng
drive on steer and I sent it to him but
oh my god you steamed you in
the asshole steam steam had a
policy change that made it so that you
can't send any steam gift to anyone
that's not on your friends list which
means that I'm no longer going to be
able to give away steam gift here's what
I would have to do in order to send a
steam gift now I would have to message
the person have them send me their
profile add them wait for them to accept
the ad find them on a drop-down list
because no there's no searching
through your friends send it off to them
get the confirmation that they got it
then unfriend them why unfriend them you
ask no it's not just because the $8 here
on my patreon is following people on all
social medias and stuff
social medias and stuff lemonis
tongue-tied
but it's because theme has this lovely
little friend cat based on your level
apparently and not only that steam has
like region locks I'm not really sure
how it works but gifting things out of
your own region is now limited I'll post
a link to all the info on that but
basically what they want is people to
not resell things so you can't keep
steam games and your inventory as gifts
you can't send Steam games to email what
they say in the article is that they
want the recipients to for sure have a
Steam account but then why don't they
allow me to send a steam game to any
Steam account not just the ones on my
friends list and why oh why is there no
 search for my friends list so
hence for
I might be giving away 25 or $50 gift
cards on Amazon I might start at 25 and
then when I move make it 50 or $100 each
week right now I'm just trying to save
money so that's why I'll decide by the
time I pick next week's winner but I am
so sorry if an Amazon gift card is not
what you wanted and hopefully once I
move we can get something better going
for you guys but for now all of the
giveaways that aren't an Amazon gift
card they're going to be like patron
only things I love you guys I'm sorry
about this if you want to sign up for
this week's giveaway of an Amazon
discard link will be in the description
as always it'll say as an mqa
: or exclamation point not sure which
yet the no link okay questions we have
five questions today I took extra
questions not only because this is going
to be like a two-part video but also
because there were just a lot of really
good questions this week so I'm going to
do my best to answer them first question
from a kitten says rawr shaken she says
since this week's question made me
curious question recently a sixth year
best friend told me that I was
apparently too much work
martially due to mental illness and they
wanted me out of their lives which had
me confused so I went about getting as
many neutral opinions as possible and
deciding he was being a retard I've gone
month knowing he was treating me like
 but I still did nothing and I had
dealt with this for ages but after you
cut ties I kept feeling like I had lost
something when I I cut out I cut it off
oh my god I didn't drop it down when I
took the picture
why didn't I drop it down when I took
the picture I remember what she said
I'll post the correct screenshot
something about why do I feel this way
or how do I get over feeling this way
like I've lost something honestly I feel
like if he thought you were too much
work which is totally fine it's up to
him to say that it might sound a little
bit asshole ish but as I said in my last
video where I talked about people have
the right to discriminate with who
they're friends with who they spend
their very limited time with he should
have just been up front in the first
place and said you know what we just
don't click anymore goodbye treating you
like is never okay
and with you to have respect for
yourself and do what's best for yourself
you should never stay in a relationship
or a friendship where someone's treating
you like
relationships are give and take if you
guys aren't on equal ground and there's
some kind of up power dichotomy
there or you're giving everything and
he's giving you nothing or maybe even
taking away it's just unhealthy and it's
not good for you it's not good for them
clearly if you treating you like he
has some kind of issue with you and if
you're allowing it you must not know
your true worth and I think you're worth
a ton so
never let anyone treat you like that
again but I learned this from a video
recently that I was watching one of
those lifes videos or philosophy videos
that I watch the easiest way to get over
someone is to take the time to realize
all the characteristics that you
actually like about that person and then
because that person had those
characteristics it's logical to believe
that other people might have those
characteristics as well and others that
you like that suit you better
and just keep yourself busy with other
tasks like improving yourself and
eventually with time it'll get easier
and easier to not think about the person
especially when you find someone better
I know I'm surrounding this with
assumptions that like you're in a
relationship I know you're not I'm just
saying that sometimes friends can leave
a big hole a hole just as big as a
boyfriend or girlfriend husband or wife
can just stick to the friends to
understand you and treat you well and
look for positivity rather than
negativity what I love you all right
next question
Sara Jean says oh I have a question what
are some qualities that draw you to
certain people business or personal or
both I like people that are really
straight to the point I like people that
are blunt rather than polite or overly
nice I've been thinking about it a lot
lately and I watched a video recently
about and actually made a really big
post about a video called what nice guys
don't say to nice girl and it completely
outlined exactly why I don't like nice
guys or at least a guy who would call
himself nice which ironically are the
same guys that get pissed off in the
comments and called me a stupid for
not liking those guys hmm behind that
anonymity you really aren't that nice of
a guy are you I think everyone has flaws
and deviance is about them the most
interesting thing about engaging into a
new relationship whether it's a
friendship or an emotional sexual one is
finding out those deviances are finding
out what brand of up that person
is having intellectually stimulating
conversations that aren't someone
licking my asshole and telling me what I
want to hear what I want to hear but
then there's people to take it to the
opposite end of the spectrum and they
think that being an asshole to me like
an outright Apple like just to be cool
and to not seem too into me or like too
much of a fan like that is just as
transparent as like super super nice
people the thing is people you guys
already know exactly what I want to hear
because you know yourselves better than
anyone else
hopefully I want to hear honesty that's
it as far as a business relationship I
like someone who can be to the point
again don't require me talking on the
phone there are ton of pet peeves that I
could bring up
a lot of which I won't even remember
until I stop thinking about it and stop
trying to remember so obviously not
everyone who's being themselves is going
to be my perfect person but at least we
can start off the bat with me knowing
that we're not going to get along rather
than trying to play up this facade with
a person is trying to be some kind of
sycophant just to get on my good side
and then eventually showing me that he
is nothing like anyone that I would ever
hang out with when we're already friends
like that would suck people through this
ruse and dating too like they act like
this perfect person that they think
everyone will universally love and then
you actually start dating the person you
met on tinder you get to know all their
 weird flaws and it eventually
doesn't work because you didn't allow
yourself to be candid in the first place
hope that answers your question I think
I went off a little bit on a tangent
there sigh on a braggy AKA scion of
bangle which is what i call him for some
reason because I'm autistic
he says question love your vids funny
and a blast have you ever gotten over
injuries or illness um I've had a bunch
of really bad stomach flus when I was
younger I was like constipated for a
weird amount of time to the point where
my parents didn't believe me about
stomachaches that I had currently I have
this word like headache nausea thing
going on that's persisted since I was
like a teenager but I've never had
really any insane illnesses or injuries
I fell off my bike and broke my two
front teeth when I was little and my mom
didn't make me go to school until we got
them fixed this is a cool bitch but
other than that not really and by the
way what do you see in the drunken
peasants and Sargon they are such
fucktards and bear arguments are shallow
and selfish they're walking Google log
materials your fans
maybe you don't like them because of
your poor grammar just kidding you're
probably for and it's fine could you be
specific if you can be specific that
would be really cool like why are their
arguments shallow and selfish also
everyone is selfish that that's how
we're made so we you know continue
living and make our offspring continue
living it's like in our DNA to be
selfish to care about us and ours but I
guess you're saying in a philosophical
argument there's no need to talk about
selfishness I actually honestly like the
way TJ and the others are so bluntly
selfish and they will openly talk about
how they might be biased like for
instance when TJ talked about the whole
PewDiePie thing he talked about how he
might be biased in thinking that
PewDiePie has no talents because he's
self-aggrandizing a lot like I don't
really see any problem with a lot of
their argument
I might disagree on some things
fundamentally but I don't really see
them as like what you're saying
so I find them interesting and
thought-provoking and funny I don't know
Sargon is disappointed me a little bit
as of late but he's got a nice voice and
his videos are nice listened to in the
background so the next question for a
reason winter That's So Raven sorry I'm
sure you've heard that like a thousand
times
anyway question what is your most
terrible memory I know you said your
childhood was pretty awesome and you are
living your dream so I would just be
curious as to what your worst memory is
thought provoking and or psychological
questions for the wind dude I have no
 idea I was thinking about this
on the car ride home and I just couldn't
think of anything I asked Jay if he
could remind me of something I've had
like bad experiences and bad days and
like really annoying days but I can't
really remember anything that's like a
 just like scarred me everything
that I've had bad happened to me is just
like an in-the-moment
unhappiness and then I get over it I had
that really weird modeling experience it
was really awkward
my worst modeling gig or something is
with a videos called I'll try to
remember to post it in the comments or
in the description that was weird the
last time I flew on a plane when I went
to Vegas to go to that wedding and to
check out houses oh my god that was like
the most terrified I've ever been in my
entire life I don't know what happened
to me but um I've never been like afraid
of flying I've hated flying and hated
traveling but I've never been that
afraid that was like really unpleasant
our a hat hour and a half that was one
of the most unpleasant hour and a half
of my life is what I was trying to say
before I started stuttering him in the
middle I once threw up in my dad's truck
when he was taking me home because I got
sick in the middle of class and that was
weird
and then he cleaned it up for me and I
felt really bad like there's just stuff
like that like I've had a pretty good
life and a lot of the things that just
sucked like I realized that they weren't
that bad
oh there was a time that I was almost
molested by my boyfriend stepdad this is
a video on that it's called almost
molested that was pretty awkward but
it's not really something that I care
about or remember I wasn't actually
molested or raped or anything I don't
know it's just like life life nothing
really gets me down for a long period of
time what gets me down more than actual
happenings that are in the past our
random mood
that I might have or random like
sicknesses like the headaches and the
nausea that I have now and not being
able to do what I love to the fullest
capacity not being able to work out when
I want to or do the things that I want
to do those things stress me out more
but it's like an ongoing annoyance it's
not just like one thing like this was
the worst day of my life I was raped in
the ass by a donkey while driving home
and got in a car accident on the 405 and
then I rolled out of the vehicle
and someone ran over my arm and now I
lost my arm I couldn't find it and I
found it was jammed up my ass like there
was nothing like that and even if that
were to happen I'm sure after a few
years I would be like oh yeah that one
thing happen to whatever though you know
that's just how I operate one more
question and then we'll talk about the
MRI and I'll show some pictures
I don't know how I'm going to do that
 going to record me
flipping through the pictures I really
know what I'm looking at yet last
question and they'll screw traditional
it's a little bit little la la anyway
Sierra bubbles says question I love the
you guys are all using the questioned
white thing I love it so much as like I
love it could you do a quick rundown of
all the plastic surgeries you had and
talk about how the procedures went
actually you can make a whole video out
of it I feel like I already have done
this but we're going to do this really
quickly I'm going to try to do it in
chronological order 2008 I got my boobs
done for the first time it wasn't that
big of a deal there were only a few
moments of pain it wasn't that bad and
then later in 2008 or actually in early
2009 I had to get the silk ports taken
out because I had mentor spectrum
implants which started out as seized and
then he would fill them with they were
like injectable there was like a little
fill port underneath and he would inject
some cc's into them every couple weeks
to let them expand so I didn't have any
chance of samasya or anything so I got
those taken out and I got one of my
nipples realigned better so that
happened in 2009 in 2012 I got my lips
done I had like a dermal implant type
thing which is basically donated tissue
pulled through my lips I didn't like it
because it wasn't big like I wanted it
wasn't formed fitting the way I wanted
thee there's not a lot of
personalization you can do to an implant
it's more like
because you can go right here right here
right here so I tried that again in 2013
and I also got my nose done
my nose job was very minimal I'd they
just shades down the bone here and
shaved down and made the tip a little
bit smaller I wanted the nose to still
be like my nose with my shape it felt
like bubbly and bulbous and doesn't have
big nostrils or whatever and all of that
went really well except for I still
wasn't happy with the lips so I started
getting injections and then I stopped
getting injections and my lips got
really small not really small but like a
lot smaller in 2015-2016 I think the
beginning of seven sixteen I started
getting my lips done again with with
injections and I got about like a CC and
I had no I got a cc's and I waited then
I got another CC and I finally reached
my like preferred lip aesthetic so I've
been maintaining that with injections
like once every nine months or something
or whenever I see a spot that's just
like lacking I'll be like hey can we do
like half a CC right there and then put
the rest into my nasal labial so nasal
labial folds I can't talk today is where
the medication I'm on for anti seizures
for anti seizures not having enough
seizures the anti-seizure medication
that I'm on is supposed to make me lose
weight which is really cool but it's
also supposed to up my cut so the
supposed to up my cognition and
speech sometimes so that might be why
I'm half retarded anyway so I also got
Botox in my forehead which I really
liked I get Botox in my forehead once
every year the next time I went in I got
Botox in my chin because when I talk
sometimes there was lines and I didn't
like this line right here that much when
I talk oh but I hated that and it
made my bands hear my these things it
made those really prominent which made
my my me look like I have a double chin
a little bit so I never got that again
it also made me sound like I had a list
but a lot of people were like oh she's a
list go there tongue ring or her lip
injections blah blah no I got Botox on
my chin like a retard my smile
too was like it was stupid I shouldn't
have done it but ah lesson learned and
of course it's temporary so I was
willing to try something new in 2016 the
end of 7 16 October I got my boobs
redone I went up a hundred CCS I think I
went from
575 to 650 so not a hundred 7585 and I
went from saline to silicone gel with
gel they're so squishy and they're all
so high profile so they stick out more
they're larger they're babies everything
is great I love them they're
also more even my right breast is
starting to sag just a little bit
because the breast pockets a little bit
bigger I'm naturally a little bit bigger
in my right breast so that's all
alleviated now I also got my areola a
little bit smaller which is pretty cool
and oh yeah I've gotten some moles
removed and a few months ago I got all
therapy which is just a tightening of
the skin it's not a surgery so I had a
mole here I had two moles here I looked
like Frankenstein
and I actually thought the Frankenstein
moles were kind of cool but I would
honestly just I kept scratching them
when I was doing my hair I will express
them and make them believe something
like those have to leave and I got a
mole removed right here and right here
which you can still kind of see it was
like much more bumpy I had this mole
here and everyone said it kept me human
because I was like oh my gosh so perfect
but it started growing a hair and I was
like you know what work to get rid of
that mole lipo in December and then a
little lipo touch-up because there was a
little bit of extra fat on my outer
right side and my front like near my
knee and that I did awake which is
pretty cool my first liposuction surgery
was like the worst recovery of my entire
life but that's a whole story time
within itself no complications or
anything just really hard really hard
recovery that's everything I know that
seems like a lot but it's in the span of
like ten years and I'm a very
aesthetically driven person whenever I
have extra money I don't spend it on
babies or pets or cars or extravagance
or purses or shoes I do sometimes spend
it on plushies but most of its either
saved or it goes into aesthetics or I
buy stuff for J alright so the story
about my MRI it's not really an
interesting story I just want to tell
you guys so the reason I went in to get
an MRI is because I went to a
neurologist recently because I'm having
these headaches / nausea
it gets worse throughout the day and
it's really debilitating in terms of my
mood and being able to do things like I
couldn't be able to sit here I wouldn't
be able to sit here without like
vomiting or something it feels like it
leaves like it's really bad and I get
disoriented and
head starts hurting it's just awful so I
finally decided I need to find out
what's up I used to just tell myself
that I was being a big baby
but everyone started pointing out and
Jay started pointing out the fact that
me saying halfway through the day or
like eight hours into the day that I
don't feel good that I need to lay down
is just not okay so I booked an
appointment with a neurologist I'm now
paying out of pocket for like better
insurance I went to this neurologist the
neurologist was like messing with my
hand checking my reflexes making sure I
have peripheral vision all these little
things that you do in the checkup then
you sent me over to have an MRI I walked
with it I go to the MRI place right and
I'm a little bit nervous basically
because I'm looking online like is my
permanent retainer I have the ah ha ha
ha
the permanent retainer on the bottom
teeth from having braces or whatever and
then I also have like a bar hole in one
of my teeth because it's not as stable I
have crowns on my two front teeth and
this one had a root canal and so I was
worried about that and I was also
worried about my piercing I have a
clitoral hood piercing it's like a
little one of those like rings with the
ball just sitting there and the ball has
like two divots on the side and that's
how the ring holds it there right so I
asked the people at the Neurology office
I say do I need to take out my piercings
and they go oh my god yes and I'm like
even though it's surgical steel and it
was done with like a reputable person
and they're like oh my god yes so I have
Jay take out the ball and I go down to
the place where I'm going to get my MRI
the guy comes out the door he is
surprisingly like really tall he's like
six threes got like long hair and a
beard I say it's surprising because I
always expect medical professionals to
be like some like stupid fat bitch I
don't know why but unless they're like
an actual doctor which always happens to
be like a wrinkly old white dude it's
either a stupid fat bitch or a wrinkly
old white dude but this guy was like my
age or a little bit older and he was
just like a nice male specimen he wasn't
necessarily my type or attractive just
like his genetics are going to make some
nice offspring kind of guy you know so
he takes me back there and he's just
like really quick with me he's like okay
you can take off your jacket everything
else is fine he barely looked me over he
didn't like see if my leggings happen to
have like clasps on them or maybe you
know they have some kind of buttons on
the sides that have metal he barely
looked at me and so I was like okay but
is my retainer okay they said okay it's
okay so he told me to put everything
my hands which happened to be my phone
and Vlad and take off my shoes and take
off my coat and put all that in a locker
I go into the room and the machine is
just like the circle machine I'll be
putting pictures so I don't have to
explain it that much and with the bed
thing and it's just like dr. house it's
like exactly like dr. house if you
remember they put that like that thing
over your head and then there's like a
little mirror I couldn't see myself in
the mirror the entire time so I was like
pretty bored because it's good myself
all the way up so I was basically just
looking out the top of it kind of
confused about what I was looking at in
the first place because some of it was
like a reflection I think I can see that
there was like a light roof thing or
like a light window like a roof window
thing and I was seeing in the reflection
of the roof window like a timer on top
of it with like a number on the other
side and the timer was saying 2 minutes
30 seconds like he told me but then when
the 2 minute 30 seconds ended it was
another minute 30 then was a 30 minute
thing or a 30 second thing and it was
like a really long just like boring I
was just sitting there but at first I
was really nervous and I thought I
wasn't going to be able to be ok with it
a lot of you guys think I'm probably
really arrogant in my sure admire and I
am very sure of myself I know that I can
logic my way out of a lot of weird
emotions but this time I was pretty
nervous and I always do know that
there's a possibility that I will freak
out or that I won't be as stalwart as I
think I am when I asked me are you
claustrophobic 20% of people are
claustrophobic and freaked out in this
place and I'm thinking I might have
metal in these places I don't know like
I've been opened up all over the place
maybe you know dr. Baxter stuck like
some metal sutures and my tits that
haven't been taken out I just see all of
the like horror stories or like the
things they depict on television we're
like metal comes shooting through your
body or like my realm of
whatever the and I still leave my
piercing in because he says the
piercings are ok but without the ball in
is just like the like ring is still in
there but the balls no and there's
something like being careful with my
vagina and when it starts I'm a little
bit nervous and then slowly it
dissipates into like just boredom and
I'm trying really hard not to move and
I'm just laying there and it's a really
long time and he takes me out and by
this time I'm freezing and so he
gives me a blanket and then he injects
me in the arm right here with the
contrast dye so they can see better and
I've also heard that people have
allergic reactions
contrast dye and I have no allergies
whatsoever I have no allergies and
medications so I'm thinking this is
going to be the one isn't it I always
have that in the back of my mind as a
pessimist as a realist I would call it
like what if this is the one this could
possibly be the one that I am just like
deathly allergic to but then nothing
happens he slides me back in and it's a
much shorter period this time of taking
scans of my brain and then I'm out I ask
him I'm like this is a really weird
question but can I take a picture of the
MRI machine I'm a vlogger so you know
people I could see it as kind of thing
and then I do and he's like oh limit
with the blanket on the table and make
it more professional and at this point
he's kind of like warmed up to me a
little bit more because at first it felt
like it was like okay bitch you're like
 MRI constant number 485 get in
here while you also look like a bitch so
I'm going to be a little bit more cold
to you than everyone else I was asking
him questions about its job and stuff
and then I asked him if I can come into
the back room which is you know like
that there's like a glass wall has hit
my hat nice when I had spatial
understandings of the world and then he
burns me a disc with all of my brain
scan pictures on it says that my doctor
will call me at some point which my
doctor hasn't yet so I don't know if
there's anything bad on it and when I'm
looking at these pictures I don't see I
don't know what I'm looking at you know
what I'm saying I'm going to show you
some of the pictures and some of the
scans and just scroll through it so you
guys can see it
maybe I'll overlay it over with me
talking right now I like sharing the
 with you guys let me know your
experiences with MRIs I know one of my
best friends says that she has to be
sedated for it I can't imagine needing
to be sedated for it personally just you
know you get over it once you know that
no metal is going to come flying through
your body you pretty much get over it
but yeah I love you guys thank you so
much for watching this weird
all-over-the-place video I will see you
guys tomorrow when I open tons of
 packages I'm actually getting I
know I got my own cosplay on from
persona 5 which I'm really excited about
putting on so I'm going to have my hair
up in pigtails tomorrow for that
occasion I love you guys so much thank
you so much for watching sign up for the
giveaway ask me questions for next
week's F&M and why have a wonderful
 weekend I love you guys
it's my hat folia gold nut
ma
