tagged me and buttocks seriously so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to the video that's going to seem very
fanservice II and maybe even pointless
but it's very artistic to me and is one
of my many passions today I'm going to
be giving you tips on how to take the
ultimate butt selfie specifically this
aesthetic if you're not into this look
at all that's completely fine you might
find out tips still that will help you
with your preferred aesthetic for butt
selfies or if you're a guy and you have
no intention of taking pictures of your
butts well just enjoy the view for a
little background on me and a mini
disclaimer I am very into aesthetics I
see my body as a canvas and modeling or
taking selfies is not only a great way
for me to express myself sexually it's
also very artistic to me my aesthetic
preferences are very personal and
they're also very technical and based on
proportion symmetry and personal
preference I am not in any way saying
that you are lesser if you don't look
like me or that my way of thinking is a
correct way of thinking I've always my
underlying message is to continue to be
yourself and do whatever the fuck you
want with that being said big butts are
in these days and even though I'm not a
fan of the big butt aesthetic I do find
it fun and creative to take pictures of
my butt looking super round and
sometimes kind of big the better the
cells you can outline the essential
curves of my body or focus on one
particular point the better so the first
category we're going to talk about is
body shape I'm not going to pretend that
any kind of body shape can take the
exact same pictures that I can with the
exact same angles but I do believe that
no matter your body type you can improve
your selfie skills with some of these
tips so since having a certain shape to
your butt is important for these kinds
of selfies I'm going to talk about how
we can maximize your bust if you're
looking to have a similar aesthetic to
the ones that I have in my butt selfies
I know you're thinking it's obvious just
have a big round butt but that way
oversimplifies it what you're actually
looking for is a good balance between
upper poll fullness the top your butt
and lower poll fullness too much curve
on the tops depending on the person's
body fat percentage can make you kind of
look like you have a bodybuilder butt or
it can make your budgets look too long
and not rounded enough too much
roundness on the bottom pole of your
butt and you look like you might have a
saggy butt or pancake butt balance is
important so for upper fullness you
actually have a few options in achieving
this look squats can help as you all
know but if you're completely flat and
have a really
low body fat percentage squats alone
without gaining a little bit of weight
it's going to look too hard and it's not
going to be the look you're trying to
achieve so basically if you're really
thin and you're flat and you're looking
to squat also look to bulk up a bit and
gain a little bit of weight so you have
a nice little bit of fat and jiggle on
top of the muscle that you've created
keep in mind that squats and other butt
exercises often mainly do your legs so
if you're not looking for that really
curved leg shape with the quad sweep and
all of that and you like more petite and
thin legs be careful when you're
balancing out your leg to ass aesthetics
really big and curvy legs can actually
take away from the size of your butt
visually speaking obviously a gigantic
butt on stick legs is not great either
or maybe it is to you but it's not the
aesthetic we're talking about in this
video unfortunately some looks cannot be
obtained on some body types without
surgery which is actually fine do what
makes you happy and never let anyone
else tell you what you should or
shouldn't do with your body or how you
should look the big butt thing might be
in now but SADS change and fast I cannot
stress enough don't do something based
on a fad right now if it's not truly
your aesthetic what you will want no
matter what's popular all those
disclaimers aside another way to boost
the roundness at the top of your butt is
to get a fat transfer
aka a Brazilian butt lift this isn't
actually a lift it's an optical illusion
they take fat from other parts of your
body maybe your love handles your arms
your stomach and they pump it into the
top or the middle of your butt to get
the desired roundness and this makes it
look fuller and perk your overall this
technique doesn't come without its risks
usually aesthetic like all surgeries
possible that the fat doesn't take or
that it's temporary but the cool thing
about this one is it usually isn't done
under general anesthesia which means you
have none of the side effects or the
risks associated with general and if you
guys didn't know those are the biggest
risks when thinking about undergoing
surgery aside from the Brazilian butt
lift option there's also butt implants
but in my opinion this is a far inferior
method and the technology is just not
advanced yet to be ideal if you like
that look that you can see in some of
the porn stars today Aletta ocean nikki
benz
go for it now aside from actually
altering the shape of your butt there
are a few non obvious things you can do
to make your butt stand out and improve
its look in February I got liposuction
on my legs and a little bit on my love
handles after this my butt selfies were
so much better my butt looked a lot
bigger and rounder compared to in older
pictures and it actually stood out more
and that's because the surrounding areas
were smaller so more attention was
brought to the foot
it's a legs and waist are smaller but
will look bigger in comparison having
larger love handles or that fat pad on
your backbone that some people have it's
definitely going to make your ass look
longer less round and less disconnected
to the rest of your body
less curvy and more like I think
self-improvement is a huge motivator and
it feels so fucking good so if you start
doing squats like once a week see
improvements take more but selfies it's
a wonderful wonderful cycle and I highly
recommend it
self-improvement for the win ok so aside
from changing the body that we already
have what about some camera tricks poses
and other things that can attribute to
the ideal butt selfie let's talk about
some angles and camera tricks the angle
in which you take your butt selfie is
important it's best to keep the camera
close to the bus and make the bottom or
the middle part of the butt the closest
thing to the camera the lens of the
camera personally I prefer a closer crop
in my selfies because I think that it's
more artistic and it also draws
attention to one specific aspect no
background noise or any other body parts
getting in the way if you focus directly
on the ass ass will look bigger to
holding the camera a little lower will
also play up the bottom of the butt and
make the waist look smaller try moving
the camera left-right up-down and see
what works best for your physique
everyone is different but a note very
few people look good from the straight
on back perspective you want to show the
roundness of those cheeks and if you're
taking some shitty pictures don't be
discouraged very few people in the
entire world look good at any angle that
you take a picture of them and if you
might be looking at all these people
that you think look good in every angle
there's a chance that they don't think
they look good in every angle the grass
is always greener everyone has their own
personal preferences and everyone is
their own biggest critic focus on
yourself and your improvement not what
other people are doing look two people
only as outside inspiration to try new
things in to better yourself shadows are
important too one of the reasons why my
butt pictures or butt videos I guess you
would say taken with this camera are a
lot worse than the ones taken with Vlad
my blocking camera my point-and-shoot
it's not only because the angle is all
wrong it's also because my lights are
really really bright playing up your
shadows is immensely important bright
flat light is going to make your ass
look flat you want dynamic lighting with
shadows that really play up your curves
similar to if you're trying to take a
picture of someone's abs or muscle tones
don't blow your ass out that sounds
funny don't blow your ass
with super bright lighting directly on
the ass play with the angles of your
body and find out which one makes your
butt look best okay moving on clothing
so what clothing should you wear in your
butt selfie a lot of people think that
it's the tightest leggings possible but
honestly if the leggings are too tight
in the wrong places and they aren't made
a specific way they're going to just
distort and constrain your ass and make
it way less round these lycra shiny
printed leggings ninety percent of the
time and yes that statistic is pulled
out of my ass
no pun intended are not going to be the
right clothing choices for a butt selfie
they're too tight constraining and
instead of being form-fitting they're
just plain tight not a good option the
best leggings for butt selfies and the
look of your butt overall are going to
be form-fitting but not tight enough to
constrain another thing you want to look
for is really tight seams with really
stretchy fabric the tight seams in the
butt area and maybe underneath the butt
are going to separate the cheeks and
lift the butt try giving yourself a
wedgie pulling up the leggings really
high or making an illusion of a wedgie
being able to see the two cheeks
separately and how round they are as
opposed to just one big unit but
definitely going to make your ass look
better in any selfies and to anyone
walking behind you you can get touched
with Spanx and undergarments that will
actually shape your booty too I don't
personally use these in the same way
that I don't wear push-up bras or other
constraining garments
mainly because I just don't like the
feel and I don't need it but if you look
at body shaper on Amazon there are tons
of different options for shaping your
butt your legs your back so that you can
look really good in a dress or in a
selfie there are actually garments that
have like inserts that make your ass
looks bigger similar to one of those
inserts in a bra a little boost a little
roundness why not another thing that can
be amazing for butt shots is short
shorts the best way to wear shorts for a
selfie is if your ass cheeks the bottom
of your ass cheeks are 1/3 to 1/2
showing and with the shorts hugging your
butt in an angle an end like angle this
gives the illusion that your butt is
really round if you have a longer or
pancake like butt or you have love
handles rolling up the fabric so you
make it only a few inches long as a must
it will give the illusion that your butt
is only that long and much rounder and
separate from your waist
it also looks cuter in my opinion any
leggings are shorts with horizontal
lines I know you've heard that makes you
look fat but in this case it helps
especially if you pull it up in your ass
crack will create that M illusion
times 10 on your butt making your butt
look rounder this works for any
underwear - anything with horizontal
lines going around your butt cheeks so
good the world's on all lines tipped is
definitely one of the most important and
most helpful in my opinion use the
horizontal lines of shorts anything just
make sure that it's not a straight line
at the bottom of your butt or in the
middle of your butt that's going to give
off the illusion that your butt is
square rather than round for a random
tip this is the camera that I use for
all of my selfies
it's a higher-end Canon camera that
costs about $600 but if you can find a
point-and-shoot or a vlog camera that
actually has the split pup screen it's
much easier to see where you're pointing
and you're going to get higher quality
pictures more but detail always good
thank you for making my butt look good
blood okay so let's talk about
flattering poses there are a few poses
that really help your butt pop out
arching your back and making your butt
stick out can definitely help with the
picture as Ken flexing flexing too hard
and you have too much upper Pole
fullness and maybe a little bit of
cellulite flexing too little and your
butt might look flat in pictures
practice controlled flexing of your butt
and get to the right point where it
looks surrounded hold that for a picture
and you're guaranteed a great butt
selfie at least relative to just
standing there and taking a picture
my favorite pose though is where you set
forward with one leg put all of your
weight on the back leg arch your back
and kind of just flex your butt there
the leg that goes forward is on the same
side as the hand holding the camera left
hand with camera left leg going forward
and then you just kind of hold the
camera back there
angle it at you're farther away cheek
find the best side that makes it look
good to your specifications and snap you
can also stand with both legs together
and squeeze take from an oblique angle
like from over here if you're standing
where I am
I find that my first method is my
favorite but that one looks good on some
butts too particularly the smaller and
rounder one some of us even look good
with the owner of said butt catch on all
fours and takes a picture from
doggystyle position I need this from
time to time quite a stretch okay okay
so the last thing we're going to talk
about and this might not even have any
consequence to you is product if you
have stretch marks get a stretch mark
cream if you're super pale lights going
to bounce off your ass more making it
look flatter and sometimes even less fit
so you might want to get a nice tan this
is not sponsored in any way but I use
this product to our express loving tan
in dark you
literally put it on in two hours later
you can wash it off and you often do
want to wash off the initial bronzer
because it can get stuck in your pores
and make it look like you have dots all
over your ass on in between days where
I'm not tanning myself I will often use
this I don't usually use extra darks
sometimes I use medium or dark but this
gives you instant color hydrates your
skin and it also has a shimmer or you
can just use baby oil if you want to go
ham and make it totally pornstar like so
for full transparency so you don't think
that I just was born this way or on the
flip side that I've had tons of plastic
surgery to look this way it honestly
bothers me a lot as a consumer when
someone promotes something and doesn't
actually explain how they got to that
particular aesthetic themselves for
instance having butt implants and
advocating squats
you can totally advocate squats as
someone who has butt implants just don't
act like squats is the only way you got
there and someone who's so open with
what I do it just doesn't sit well with
me I'm naturally bottom heavy in my
natural shape is half pancake butt half
bubble butt I have been doing squats
lately a little bit actually no weights
just bodyweight stuff not trying to lift
heavy because I don't like curvy legs
and I have noticed that I've gone more
towards the bubble butt end of the
spectrum which is great I've never
gotten any work done on my butt
specifically no Brazilian butt lift no
butt implants but as I stated before in
the video I did have a little bit of fat
removed from my love handles and from my
legs and after this combined with the
squats that actually did boost my
aesthetic a lot I asked so much rounder
so therefore I do not in any way profess
to be someone who had a completely flat
butt and used any of these tips to go
from there to having a badonkadonk but
where I'm generally lucky in the butt
area I like in other areas I'm only
human I'm not perfect also the grass is
always greener on the other side so make
sure you stay objective and have healthy
goals for yourself I recommend you apply
some of these tips that resonated with
you to yourself find out what works best
for your physique working toward your
particular aesthetic workout weight
train eat healthy and if you plan on
doing any cosmetic surgery make sure you
do your research not only on the
procedure but on the doctor you choose
to go with pose lighting clothing hip to
waist ratio body fat percentage muscle
tone muscle amount and a combination of
all that can make a difference everyone
can take an unflattering or flattering
but pic I'm here to help you do the
ladder feel free to send me your butt
pics no matter your gender I am at Tara
Babcock on Twitter and Instagram and I
would love to see them
you tagged me and for those of you all
my discord that goes for you guys as
well I love you so much thank you for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
let me know what you think let me know
if any of this helped you or even gave
you ideas if you want to follow me where
I post the most hefty amount of but pics
that would be on Instagram at Tara
Babcock as stated and a thousand
arbitrary tear points for anyone who
knows this on my choker today I love you
guys keep taking selfies have fun and
make it artistic Wow oh and I just
remembered right now that you can
totally use Instagram filters or edit
with different things like shadows you
can even use an app that transforms your
butt using the transform tool but I
personally prefer to just take a good
picture rather than fuck it up with
post-processing it is very rare that I
put any kind of outside of Instagram
filter on my pictures the best is my
preference have fun this is what you
look like to me just so you know
