hey guys if you own one of those really
really streamlined commentary videos
where the person is reading a script and
then they edit it really well this is
not one of those videos I just want to
put this whole video into that context
so you guys understand where I'm coming
from this is a stream-of-consciousness
video that being said if you have any
questions or anything isn't clear I
contradict myself or you want to follow
up please do post in the comments my
comment section is always open I am free
I am free I am NOT free I am very
expensive so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want it is free on my channel too
descent you can absolutely do that I
love that I actually like contrary
opinions it's so nice there's a good
breeze on my stuff I just got done
running and for those of you who see my
lips right here I just want to comment
on it real quick so people aren't like
what the fuck is wrong with her oh my
god I have no makeup on except for some
lip stain that was very resilient as in
smoke which I'm about to go shower off
but all I've been thinking about today
is these videos that I watched by
roaming millennial where she interviewed
Richard Spencer who's someone who he's
alright and he's also like everyone
calls him Agassi that's on the left and
I never knew anything about him really I
just watched him get punched once in a
video and a lot of people made fun of
things like that and I finally watched
the roaming millennial video I've never
watched any of his other commentaries or
anything and obviously I disagree with
things fundamentally with him but I
think he's a he's well-spoken he seems
like a nice fish person I just feel like
there's no possible way I could agree
with him on like most things but I do
agree with him on some things and I
think it's really amazing what are the
reasons why roaming millennial we're not
going to go into what I disagree or
agree with we're going to talk more
about the person who said that roaming
millennial and the people who say that
roaming millennial should not have even
had him on the channel because it's
basically propagating Nazi ideas and
allowing certain ideas that are
inherently bad to have a platform and I
just I just disagree with that on such a
fucking oh it's like my core disagrees
with that and I want to explain to you
why and I just felt compelled to make
this video without waiting to shower
without putting on makeup because I was
just like all I could think about was
this while I was running today
on the treadmill and stuff so basically
what I like the most about ruining
millennial and why she's one of my
favorite youtubers the first of all I
talked to her once that she really sweet
she's like an easy little tiny tweet on
Twitter and she was just really sweet
and stuff and I like that but aside from
that before I ever had any interaction
with her
I just feel she is amazing at being
really objective and being really fair
and just being neutral in a conversation
and for me I feel like it's so rare for
people to understand philosophy it's so
rare for people to understand how a
conversation should go if you're a
journalist or if you're someone trying
to be objective so many people allow
their emotions to run the conversation
so many people just go into as she says
in this interview that I'm going to be
talking about so people so many people
go into conversations with other people
thinking I'm going to destroy them all I
want to do is refute them there's no
possible way that they're going to make
me believe anything that they believe
and I feel like that's such a
closed-minded way to go about things
everyone just thinks my opinions are a
hundred percent fact or my my opinions
are so obvious like things like opinions
like you know we shouldn't send just
outright opinions like we shouldn't send
all of a certain minority out of the
country that wouldn't be better for the
world like people just think oh my god
that's that's so that's exclusive that's
so rude and so mean obviously just on a
fundamental level sexually it's wrong
and I disagree with that wholeheartedly
I feel like you should have a more
open-minded stance for why people
believe things and you should also
listen to their arguments because you
can't properly formulate your argument
if you haven't listened to the opposing
arguments it just doesn't make any sense
to live in an echo chamber where you
never actually hear dissenting opinions
and in my opinion for someone to not
want to hear dissenting opinions and
also um it's the opinion of like most
intellectuals or anyone in with a
philosophical philosophy background is
that you don't if you don't want to hear
the other side's opinions then you're
probably afraid that they're going to be
right or you can't back up your own
opinions and you can't back up your own
personal stances on things so after when
a millennial did a three-part video
which I'm going to link all the shit in
the description and I don't mean to like
jump into this whole like skeptic
community I'm not really a part of it on
purpose I really do like talking about
this kind of stuff because I am my
interests are deeply rooted in
philosophy psychology sociology and how
the world works and how the world
supposedly should work based on you know
my own views and I for someone who is
such a hedonist and for someone who is
such I'm a hedonist when I'm also a
libertarian so everything I do is I
understand it's from my own
self-interest I know that no matter what
I will never classify anything that
anyone else or anything that I do as a
selfless good deed and I actually need
to do that video where I have people
send me in supposedly selfless good
deeds and I refute them and talk about
how they're not selfless and in an
actual sense and I suddenly do that so
if you guys want to see that video oh my
god if you guys want me to put makeup on
so I stop scaring you about the video
but anyway um I'm very much like that
where I just want to be happy in life
that's all I want I I'm a capitalist I
believe that the world is just here for
me to profit and be happy and then I'm
gone and I'm not really concerned I love
the environment I love animals I'm very
I like nature I like animals I like
plants and stuff like that I like all
that but so it's hard for me as a single
person as such a small drop in a huge
ocean that's inside another huge ocean
it's hard for me to give a shit about
that and it's not my responsibility and
I'm not going to change the world just
being one person the reason that I'm
vegetarian
or sometimes vegan all of those reasons
are very personal to me it's not like
just because I want to be a label or
just because I want to help the world I
don't think that I'm going to make a
huge difference in the world just by
being one person and so it makes most
sense to me to live my life and be happy
but at the same time that I'm a hedonist
I also believe that people should be
able to do whatever the fuck they want
and not just follow what I think is best
for me so I think everyone should be
like I I understand that the world would
probably fall apart if everyone would
like this so I'm glad that there are
people like this and I'm glad that there
are people who are happy doing things
that are antithetical to what I would be
happy with doing you know I'm glad to
there are people
who need to find a purpose in life and
that's why they you know build companies
or they you know end world hunger in in
a small way or you know they search for
a cure for things that's that's great
and I'm glad that that exists for the
betterment of our society but that's
just not how I am and so as a
libertarian I believe that every like we
shouldn't have the government telling us
what we should do to make us happy and
we should just find what makes us happy
and as a nihilist we have to build our
own meaning for life there's no real
meaning for life so if your meaning for
life is to have offspring and further
your genetics then that's your meaning
but that's not my meaning and you can't
push that on me because there is no
inherent meaning okay now with all that
background as some of you might be new
viewers to me it doesn't make any sense
that because I have all of these
different opinions it doesn't make any
sense that I would try to stifle someone
else's opinions or someone else's
beliefs or their moral code or their
philosophical structure and so back to
the point on hand I don't know why I
always go off onto that tangent it's
just something that I feel is so
important because it's the it's the
basis of all of my conversations like
this that I have so um rubbing money
I'll talk to someone um it they identify
as a guy so I'm just going to say he
I'll post the link I forget the name
it's like contraband or something like
that this is a leftist youtuber as far
as I can tell but I watched the whole
conversation with them and I never heard
about this person before and this person
is essentially saying not in an
extremist way where it's like oh my god
you're ruining the entire world by
having this Nazi on on this prison is
basically saying that it could be
harmful to allow this someone this
person to have a platform and as always
I want you guys to watch the video not
take my word for it because this is what
I got out of it and I could be wrong I
want you guys to always think for
yourself just because I might have a
bigger platform or you know bigger
following somewhere does not at all make
me correct it doesn't at all make
anything actually objective so thanks
for yourselves I don't want like a
tarababu or anything like that I've
never wanted that so this person is
basically saying this is their whole
rhetoric is that it could be
harmful because this thing this white
supremecy thing is the thing that should
be silenced and they were bringing up
like he was bringing up it's hard I'm
sorry it's really hard to do this I like
it's my personal liberty not like I
don't have to to do this I can pronouns
the way the person wants but I you know
I choose to in certain situations I like
to be more correct I don't want to just
be rude or whatever so he was basically
saying that um that this person should
be silenced if the opinion is harmful
enough and he was basically saying that
and by basically I mean he actually said
these words I'm paraphrasing but these
are the words like that uh he's afraid
that people might actually find what
he's saying attractive because it's
attractively packaged he is very
charming or something and that might
make people who don't really have ideas
in life cling on to those ideas and that
could lead to World War three or
something or something similar to you
know what happened with the Nazis or
would happen in World War two and his
views are factually like he sexually
says that he is not interested in any
kind of genocides or any things that
people paint him as but his argument the
the person talking to Roman Millennials
arguments against that is that well he
said that he's not but these are just
pretty packaged words and he could
totally mean that and therefore we
should you know quiet him and so many
times
roaming was bringing up good points like
if you silence him
then we have to silence a lot of people
we want freedom of expression we want um
freedom of speech all that stuff and he
kept going back to the whole like I feel
that this is different than anything
else I feel and it's just like
constantly like the I feel that this
person shouldn't have a platform it's
fine if you feel like that person
doesn't have a platform version of a
platform but they still should have the
right to have a platform on the people's
channel who do believe that descent is
OK the descent is healthy and I think
the whole idea of oh my god what if
someone believes this is just so
ridiculous because you're saying
basically the American people who might
agree with Richard Spencer are do
kid or can't think for themselves or
they don't actually believe that they're
just being coerced into some kind of
cult and that's not the fucking case we
can all think for ourselves if someone
happens to agree with him it's because
they agree with them not because they're
fucking invalids and they need you to
tell them what to think and I think I
think it's so ridiculous
when someone tries to you know like oh
we don't want them to see that because
you know they might think a certain way
they might do a certain thing like allow
people the respect at least to make the
decisions they want to make for
themselves allow them the opportunity to
make the decisions with all of the
information and roaming with saying
things like well if someone wants to
learn about the motives of I have mine
cuff here on that thing but I'm too lazy
to get up someone wants to learn about
the motives of Hitler it doesn't mean
they agree with him they just want to
learn his motives to learn more about
him to be able to combat his information
more just better in general and she was
saying when you read mine cunts you
don't want to read a version of mine
Kampf that has a bunch of notes on a
dissenters opinion like this is why this
is bad you know you read a paragraph of
Hitler stuff and then someone in there
just inserting their opinion like this
is why this is bad please don't believe
this no you want to look at it with an
open mind and you want to take all the
information and the factual information
that Hitler thought of the things that
Hitler thought so that you can refute
them with your own ideas and I agree I
think that giving someone a platform
especially if you're in a debate style
way where you're like you're finding
loopholes and you're respectively
talking to people and it was so painful
the most painful part I'm sorry of them
going off on a tangent again I'm not
going to edit this the most painful part
was when the person contraband or
whatever the guy was talking to roaming
and he said that his background is in
philosophy and then he like totally oh
my god he talked about and in a
philosophical conversation the two
interlocutors tried to give a charity to
the person's converse they are to the
person's ideas and the concept is
charity yes my face gets read easily
just the thing I'm white I'm sorry oh
that doesn't make me a nationalist
the person who is talking to the other
person in trying to you don't have a
discussion with them about opposing
ideas wants to give a little bit of
charity to their ideas and make the most
the strongest arguments that they can
with their side of the story and then
argue that rather than trying to pick
out straw man's or straw men or trying
to find like weak arguments you want to
find the strongest argument and then
argue that right and then like he gave
that I that idea from philosophy and
then he says but people like Richard
Spencer know not not with him not with
him if we do that he'll fucking warp our
minds like he's some kind of fucking sex
garbage like it's going to fuck you into
wanting to kill all the black people's
and the black people the black people in
the Jews and put them where they belong
or whatever I just think it's ridiculous
it's very it's a very emotional response
and it's like I personally don't like
this person and this view so much that I
think this is the one the one thing that
just pushes it over the edge to where we
should censor and we should not let this
person's opinions out into the world and
so like just so ridiculous to me that
they can't see the double standard in
philosophy or in any kind of objective
discussion you always want to have
consistency in your argument and when
you look at her arguments from a
consistency standpoint if she thinks
that she got a fucking calling her she
got him if he thinks it looks like she's
I'm like I got the face in my mind I'm a
very visual person I got the face in my
mind um okay so he if he thinks that
that Oh Richard Spencer is just like
that's the threshold we gotta cross that
and that that's his prerogative who is
to say that my prerogative isn't going
to be that that his speech is too much
it's over the line oh my god it's too
harmful we got a sensor that and then it
can just be like a you know this might
be called a slippery slope fallacy to
some people but that's what is the basis
of a good philosophical argument is
consistency that's why a lot of people
who aren't vegan or vegetarian but worry
so much about human lives every single
human life and then anytime they say
well
humans are smarter you can be refuted by
this the fact that you know humans up to
a certain age they are smarter than pigs
so can we kill infants and things like
that these are how you you cross check
in philosophical arguments to see if
this philosophy holds up and it's just
sound and his or not so it doesn't make
any sense to me what he didn't see that
he's also bringing up philosophy and
they're not actually using it as an
argument oh yeah
I'm going to go now that that's all I
was thinking my camera is going to die
Thank You Vlad for looking at me like
this floods my vlogging camera
look at that fucking show you guys think
it's blood table the guys are listening
like no are your lips Lynn he said is
your lips bleeding and I'm talking
verbatim with him well yeah thanks for
watching guys if you like this kind of
thing let me know I'll see you guys in
the next video and I appreciate your
watching let me know what you think down
in the comments because that's the most
important part most interesting part of
doing stuff like this bye guys
