nope it all tastes like cat piss so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to new episode of Friday night mail to
Friday community show where we take your
questions we do some giveaways and we
open packages that you've sent me to my
P o box thank you so fucking much I am
not worthy as I always say I know it's
getting pretty tedious to hear me say
that but I still feel it every single
time I go to the P o box thank you
alright guys so today we're going to
start off by answering some questions
and the first question is going to be
from the winner of the giveaway Nicholas
else watch congratulations Nicholas Elf
thoughts creator of a lot of the shit
Tara says videos and owner of an amazing
gift page on tumblr that has a lot of
fan service Friday Tara gifts my romper
is sideways ah Nick was very excited to
found out he had one but he wanted to
give me his answer on what he wanted
when he woke up we happen to be in
different time zones
he said he's either going to pick a
steam game or centerra merch let's move
on to his question and if you're
interested check out his links in the
description Nick says I have a question
for Evan M good job Nick I've been
friends with someone for over a year and
a half now and we've been really good
friends at some points but time has
passed and lately I felt like I don't
want to hang out with this person
anymore it's mostly because of an
accumulation of little things that piss
me off and I realized that we don't have
a lot in common anymore so the thing is
I still say hi and talk act normal as I
used to do when I'm around this person
but I force myself a bit because I'm not
interested in the friendship anymore
like I don't even bother myself with
giving an explanation or trying to work
on the friendship I just don't care
anymore should I feel bad or something I
feel like I should say something but
saying quote you don't interest me
anymore
end quote seems extremely mean okay so
this was a really good question for me
and I know we've talked about it
privately before things similar to this
with different people this is always
been really easy for me because I'm
really good at cutting ties or kicking
people out of my life and I know that
sounds super self-serving but we're all
self-serving biologically if you're not
you're defective or you're lying we have
the Liberty to choose who we trust who
we are friends with and whom we spend
our time with time is very finite and
our lives are very short so there's
nothing wrong in my opinion at least
with choosing friends who stimulate you
intellectually or play the video games
that you
do or talk about the things that you
like to talk about just overall interest
you and our good friends to you all
these things are important and if you
don't have that you just don't have it
what I do is I just stop talking to the
person and if they ask me why I stopped
talking to them I'll tell them
point-blank I don't really feel like
there was a necessity to come up to the
person and tell him all his flaws
according to your subjective opinion but
rather just start declining his
invitations to do things and if he
happens to ask why you just say I'm not
really feeling it anymore man and if you
want you to elaborate them it is fault
if you're mean to him a note here
I don't really respond to anyone most of
my social interaction is either on my
stream or responding to viewers
that's why viewers are kind of like my
friend and pseudo family I have like one
real-life friend other than Jay that I
actually talked to on any kind of
regular basis and then I have friends
that I consider to be lifelong friends
no matter what even if we don't talk
that much that's just kind of a person I
am so if you're worried about a
relationship where you think that I'm
ignoring you for the first reason that
we talked about feel free to ask if you
annoy me I will tell you and if you
annoy me but not in the way that makes
me want to not be your friend I'll tell
you that - I feel like being honest is
important but knowing that your honesty
and your opinions is an objective is
very important - to walk around and act
like someone is objectively a bad person
because you happen to not like them or
be rubbed the wrong way by them is
pretty retarded gotta find that nice
balance hope I answered your question
Nick Congrats on the giveaway by the way
next question we have is from Arman hey
Arman another creator of shit terraces
posted links in the description Arman is
such a cutie and NYX has such a bangin
body you should see the pictures you
sent me anyway hey ter I finally thought
of another question question I've been
thinking about plastic surgery at this
moment and I want to know how do you
find the right plastic surgeon for you
that's local and affordable because I
know no plastic surgeries I think you
mean surgeons in Scotland that I've
heard of and if I was to look online I'd
just be too scared and untrustworthy and
obviously you don't want to go to
someone who put cement in your face llem
ow I don't even think the bunch of
doctors in Mexico will put cement in
your face I think you're safe there if
that's your biggest fear okay so
something that struck me as odd is the
fact that you're saying I'm thinking
about plastic surgery at this moment or
something along the lines I don't know
if you were just saying that as a figure
of speech but make sure you're a hundred
percent sure that it's for you you're
not doing it for anyone else and you're
not doing it just because of a fad that
you've researched all the possibilities
of what could go wrong
long way to the options and you know how
likely those bad things are to happen
hence they should be very very very rare
and mostly purely aesthetic the next
step is to Google like I did you Google
all the places around your area and you
go for a consult most consoles would be
free some consoles would be a hundred
dollars or something like that
never just sign up or make an
appointment for a surgery with a doctor
you have not consulted with also make
sure their board certified and
accredited you can ask about these
things for your specific country when
you meet the doctor and just get a feel
for how the person is look at their
before and afters talk to the staff if
you like the person and you trust the
person and you like their previous work
and you've made your own personal risk
assessment so there's no reason to be
afraid if you're so afraid that it it
keeps going sideways man if your may
emotion before getting plastic surgery
or any kind of face fillers I'm not sure
what you want is fear and possible
regret do not do it that is not the
right mindset to go into a surgery with
I have literally never been nervous for
a surgery except for my touch-up lipo
recently and that's because I had to be
awake for it not because I was worried
that the surgeon was going to fuck me up
be 100% at ease with your decision and
if you feel like something bad might
happen and then you'll regret your
decision it probably means you're there
stupid and living in hindsight which
doesn't make any sense I mean think
about this way you can be one of those
people that's like damn I really wish I
hadn't gone out for a drive today the
day they get in a car crash but that
makes no logical sense are you going to
be a shut-in hypochondriac freak your
entire life no you're going to do non
risky everyday things or even things of
society tells you is super risky when
it's not and you're going to live your
life the way you see fit so if you throw
that option or you have not reconciled
with yourself do you actually want this
and now you're prepared for any setbacks
think about it how would I feel if this
happened to me how likely is it that it
happens and these are all personal
decisions by the way don't ask for
anyone elses advice I'm going to spare
you the patronizing you look so good as
you are do it for you I because I or
anyone else think you should or
shouldn't alright last question is from
Ralph of reviews and I always liked this
because he has a picture of a dude for
the Shao Kahn mask on as his avatar huh
choke on hey you prefer cock tributes or
come tributes I'm assuming a cock
tribute is like just showing a hard dick
and a cum tribute is obviously either
showing that he came to my picture or
showing come on a picture of me um I
don't know if you can do it really well
I like to get the whole experience so
contribute
I would say I just had that really weird
contributes that Annunciation oh yes all
right all right we've got a letter we've
got a letter from Michaela I'm super
excited oh by the way I just noticed
that you got the live long and prosper
Vulcan Star Trek forever stamp this
stamp is actually what inspired my live
long and prosper merch I thought this
was the post office and I was picking up
mail and I was like oh my god
that would make such a good shirt and I
love Vulcans and Vulcan ideology anyway
it smells really fucking good what
perfume is that it's got a beautiful
tomb right hey Tara its Mikayla just
thought I would send you this
handwritten letter to let you know how
much you have made an impact on my life
oh I love these I'm so ready when I
first began watching your videos back in
the spring of last year I thought to
myself hey this chick is fucking brave
she doesn't give a shit about what
people think of her as long as you happy
you and I share many of the same views
and beliefs when it comes to society sex
and religion you inspired me to put
myself out there more and to show others
who I truly am
oh I began streaming as I had wanted to
do for ages I'm finally starting to
express my sexuality through my patreon
and I'm still building a portfolio for
modeling I'm so happy
thank you for giving me the push even
though you had no idea that you did low
I also want to thank you for being there
in my corner when I need advice an
opinion or just when I need to vent
I am so incredibly proud of you and the
things you have accomplished keep being
you love Kayla and there's a kiss
there's a kiss it's so good it looks
like it's not actually a kids - it looks
like it's a stamp I'm 95% sure it's her
actual kiss it's probably what smells so
good in case you decide to shout me out
which I will all her links will be in
the description she says Instagram
Michaela our Rose twitch Michaela our
Rose patreon.com slash Kayla Rose all
those links will be in the description
she's pretty hot check it out I feel
like I had the hottest female followers
you have like the SJW bitches that have
all like the fat feminist followers and
then you have the beauty guru that has
all like the 12 year old girl followers
I have two sexy libertarian girl
followers love you guys I honestly have
followers of all political and social
views because unlike a lot of other
people even if I say something is stupid
to me I'm always open for discussion and
for hearing other people's points of
view and unlike a lot of other people I
don't like to have an emotional response
to something be my only R
you know for the reason that I think
that way thank you so much of Michaela
this is so fucking sweet is this what
you said you were going to send me
because this is way better than I was
thinking she even drew some little
hearts up here so sweet
oh dude earlier today it was so crazy
there was a lightning like right outside
my window it was the loudest thing I had
ever heard it was so cool all the car
alarms were going off I had one ear in
my headphones and I could still hear was
like oh and in like the whole building
shook it was crazy
people often survived getting hit by
lightning that's just insane to me oh
shit it's from Donald so you know it's
going to be garbage haha I thought you
could wear this around town so people
can see what a gangster you are now you
can go up to people and say cash me
outside how about that love Donald I
want to go outside and run around and
jump in puddles in this little tiny
romper that I have on because oh my god
Cash Money Records cashing me outside
how about that record not bitch is like
a millionaire now and a lot of like kids
for age and younger look up to her oh
there it's not that bad when you you
know completely hide what it is Thank
You Donald for continuing to troll me
from one of my least favorite cultural
genres with a note about one of my least
favorite people in the media I cannot
help but to hate to love you Donald
what boxes we got the boxes guys I
completely fucked up holy shit so I was
a hundred percent sure of my appointment
for neurology you know that very very
very important appointment that I've
been looking forward to for I don't know
two months now with that specialist it's
really hard to see well I've been
ignoring all of my voicemails right let
me tell you the story real quick so I'm
not going to make a video about it I've
been ignoring all my voicemails because
I signed up for a thing that gets quotes
from a bunch of different moving
companies before I decided that my mom
was going to move all myself and I've
been getting everyday at least five
incessant calls from moving companies
from my area code and a similar area
code right so I've been not looking at
my voicemails because nobody calls me
anyway and if they did I would be like
fucking text me weirdo so I missed a
call from the neurology place saying
your appointment is on the second and I
checked it on the third I actually
missed my neurology appointment it was
like
one in my brain to explode out of my
head because that shit was so important
to me and my headaches let's be honest
it's been getting worse and worse my
symptoms overall have just been getting
worse and worse instead of being like
good in the morning and then worse later
in the day it's just like bad in the
morning and then a worse later in the
day fortunately I was able to fix my
fuckup but I was so so mad at myself so
no need to be mad at me as well or be
mad at me as well whatever but I was
able to fix my fuck-ups by finding a
neurology clinic that'll take me one day
before I thought my appointment was so
on the 9th I'm going Josh oh man you
guys I had to go to the eye doctor the
last few weeks makeup has not been the
reason that I had red eyes but because I
don't wash vigorously my eyelashes
anymore because they get eyelash
extensions
I had an overgrowth of eyelash mites
that were causing an allergic reaction
oh my god I can't believe the exact same
affliction for totally different reasons
and I was thinking like oh my god
eyelash extensions I'm no longer getting
makeup and glue in my eyes and my
eyelashes are growing longer than ever
my natural ones ruined my happiness oh
shit we've got another thing from Donald
I thought you could use this when you
are streaming games on Twitch you should
start playing over watching cold jutti
like sniper wolves love Donald no thanks
I don't even know why I like her as much
when the only franchise we would ever
agree on is melior solids this is
actually pretty cool huh
what happens here stays here it says
welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada
is this like a housewarming gift you
know I'm moving there next month right I
take back everything I said about you
thus far in this video aside from being
my favorite role I also really
appreciate this and I sometimes get
drunk on my streams so this will be
hopeful it'll make me feel like the
shitty beer I'm drinking is wine which
is this is that almost intesa oh my god
you just don't know any good beers and
you don't know any good wines nope it
all tastes like cat piss medicated cat
piss thank you so much Donal it was a
really really good thoughtful gift I
don't know if you know how thoughtful
that gift is I don't even know if you
know that I'm moving but I appreciate it
we've got my lip sex toys I am doing a
promotion
that's not Adam and Eve because I
thought Adam and Eve wasn't going to
work with me anymore so I went with the
lips and they look like they have really
amazing products I'm excited about this
I also got some Kegel weights which I'm
really excited to try so I think this
will be cool and fun and hopefully you
guys don't mind too much that there's
going to be two sexes in the month of
May with sex toys honestly I can't be
arsed to charge my sex toys so a lot of
them are dead anyway
so this is going to be nice don't click
the video if you don't like the
sponsored ones okay we have something
from Zoey and I know what this is I'm
pretty sure I know what this is unless
you sent me something else as well and
I'm really excited she's so sweet
sending me books all the time it's so
amazing like things that I like the
tarantula she didn't send me a tarantula
she sent me books about a tarantula and
she sent me a tarantula Jamie very mad
encyclopedia of animals she knows I love
animals she loves animals this was one
of her books that she's had for a long
time so now I feel like we're even
closer oh there's a note inside dear
Tara I thought I'd give you my animal
books because I know you like animals
too
I hope you will enjoy this book as much
as I did love Zoe this is so cute
because it reminds me of like The
Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants except
for her beloved book is now my beloved
book and I'm going to take it to Spain
with me and fuck a bunch of hot Spanish
guys well we talked about snakes thank
you so much Zoe you're so fucking sweet
for the note and for the book Wow I
opened the page to Wales whose penises
are called dorks
let's take a look at this oh my
the northern whale the focus glad
goddamnit the open Lana and galius oh
shit
can we see some whale penis I don't get
to see any whale penis I recently looked
up whale penis not going to lie
conservation wash of dolphins I fucking
love dolphins doesn't you see my
favorite animal now it's chicken this is
not the actual size of the animals quite
much bigger quite much which bunny is
your favorite is that one obviously the
the down-syndrome one thank you so much
though you're a badass I really
appreciate it thank you guys so much for
listening to my stories of the week how
retarded i am watching me unboxings and
listening to me talk about my
philosophies and ideas if you guys go
outside for the giveaway link as always
will be in the description I really
appreciate you guys you guys are so
fucking amazing and because we didn't
get anything to wear let's just go ahead
and show you my ass in this romper got
to get hyped for recording that
fanservice Friday with my virgin killer
sweater whoa don't want to support me on
patreon you get to see that do-kyu the
ass I did a bad job tanning my ass thank
you wow you're amazing are my tits out
No
