I like to keep things up and jammed into
my vagina hey guys welcome to a new
video today we got something extremely
pointless for you guys but hopefully
it'll be a sexy little fanservice type
thing I've got a few things from
Hollister holster did have a sale over
the weekend I have too much saliva so
who cares why not do your own thing and
let them say what they want anyway so
we're going to be doing the haul a
little bit different than usual usually
I just stand up and try to show you guys
the outfits without moving the camera
back or anything because I don't have
that much room in here to do so so hauls
have been kind of mess with me but then
the last time I did my merchandise
fucking someone in the hallway really
but then the last time I got in my last
shipment of merchandise I did it a
little bit differently with Vlad and I
was able to show you guys more of the
outfit so today we're going to be doing
that I'm going to show you the outfit
not on me put it on show it here and
then add a little fuller body Vlad
footage say hi to Vlad this is my
vlogging camera his name is Vlad thank
you for helping me out with this today
Vlad mwah
on another note all of this stuff I got
on Hollister a lot of it was on sale or
discounted to the point where I bought
the last one because they were going so
quickly so some of it might not be on
Hollister cocom but the rest of it might
be I don't know what I'm going to be
uploading this this will be serving me
as extra content because I don't feel
like this content has any real merit to
be an actual upload so this might be
something that you see in two months
after it's being filmed we shall see
maybe I just uploaded on a day where I'm
not feeling too great I don't want to
gyp you guys content basically I've been
feeling sick a lot lately I've been
having this medical issue and I'm going
to be moving in three months so having
extra content it's just a good idea this
outfit is going to serve as the control
this is basically like an old tank top I
had with some Mario sleepy pants that I
stole from Jay I like to call that
control just because I'm a nerd I don't
know I like to pretend that everything I
do is a scientific experiment here it is
this wonderful outfit is quite
comfortable to sleep me pants leave
extra room and are baggy so that I can
move around freely without feeling too
constrained the tank top has the
horizontal lines meant to make me look
bigger just kidding I don't believe in
that horizontal lines bullshit I love
the stripes and polka dots in my clothes
all right now that we got that out of
the way let's move on to a few pairs of
pants / sweats / leggings this is the
first one just a standard dark gray
legging but it is a stirrup legging I
love stirrups I think they're so
adorable I got this in size small
hopefully they'll fit usually when
something's high-waisted I like to get
it in a size small otherwise I have to
pull it up way too high and I feel like
a grandma shall we switch over alright
my professional opinion is that a girl
can never have too many pairs of
leggings these are super comfy they're
not too tight on the top but I do like
how tight they are through the legs and
they look good on the vagina and the
butt 10/10 would bang these leggings
let's move on the next thing we have
here is a pair of joggers but what's
interesting about them is that they have
like box or short top so it looks like
you have boxers coming out of the top of
your sweat they either size small I got
them small because they're supposed to
be baggy and I'd rather they not be
baggy so hopefully they sent me as
tightly as I want without giving me some
crazy love handles or something because
they're too tight up here shall we
change I'm going through all the
leggings first so that I don't have
nothing to wear on top and then it's
like too scandalous you've got one two
three more pairs of leggings and then
we'll move on to a dress and I think I
have a shirt as well and a sweater
there's go BAM
all right I like these a lot - they're
very comfortable not as stretchy but
they are tight so that's good I like the
little boxer shorts coming out of the
top I think that's a really cute
addition and I think these are going to
be really cute once I get the body three
wearing just a sports bra or a belly
shirt or something to the gym one thing
I don't like about wearing pants like
this to the gym is that when you get
really really sweaty it actually shows
in like darker pink lines or whatever
color the pants happen to be but I am
most afraid to show my sweatiness after
all being really really sweaty even in
the ass region just means you burn more
calories and lost more water weight all
right the next chance we got I'm really
excited for these are like really tight
leggings with a drawstring closure but
check this out they have leopard print
leopard print or cheetah I never can
tell between cheetah and leopard they
have these at the bottom really really
cute and I just think these are going to
be adorable and also show off my ass
really well so let's go ahead and put
them on oh my god I'm in love
how freaking cute are these zebra pants
oh I got them in a medium actually
because I thought that whenever
something at holster is meant to be
small and tight and slim fit that I
should probably get medium because I am
heavier on the bottom than I am on the
top but these just fit like a fucking
dream I'm glad I got mediums they're not
too big they're not too small but not
too tight they're actually pretty
stretchy despite them being sleep and I
think they make my ass look pretty good
10/10 would bang you sweat so glad I
bought them the next thing we've got is
a pair of yoga pants I love the other
pants that I got from Hollister an
Abercrombie so I wanted to buy another
pair and these were on sale and I wanted
to make sure that I got a small into
disease or small yeah I wanted to make
sure I got a small because the other
ones I got kind of slip off of me now I
don't know they're like not tight enough
on my waist so they end up slipping down
and I end up looking like I have a dick
in my crotch because the crotch is so
low when I like to keep things up and
jammed into my vagina
I approve super stretchy super tight and
I like that they're black but they're
also not actually black I have so many
black leggings I like that there's a
little splash of color in there even if
the color is navy blue I approve of
these leggings and the last pair we've
got just for the sake of the fact you
guys totally like me putting on leggings
more than anything else I got another
pair of the stars leggings but instead
of them being like charcoal grey they're
black just straight-up black leggings
with the stirrups
size small these are like the standard
in legging let's go ahead and put them
on okay I like the black ones better
than the grey ones and let me tell you
why I think that their material when
something's dyed at a certain color it
doesn't stay as elastic as pliable
the black line seams stretch you're more
form-fitting and just a better size
overall so I think it's a good idea
whenever you're deciding between colors
of leggings if you really can't decide
stick with the more basic colors the
ones that don't look like they're died
because those will probably feel less
starchy and less hard to work with all
right now we have this which is like a
sicko romper all they had left was extra
small so hopefully extra small fit this
is like super stretchy though so there's
no way that it's not going to it might
be a little too short for wearing
outside let's see
okay this is definitely too sexy to wear
outside but it's not too sexy to wear
while I'm streaming or while I'm making
videos from the waist up really comfy
really stretchy really really soft
cotton I absolutely love it it's crazy I
don't have any purchases today that
aren't like below par okay so this is
the last item that's not a sweater and
this one actually wasn't on sale I think
it's a new arrival but I just thought it
was so cute that I had to buy it it's
like a little dress with flowers on it
and has a button up front
I got it in medium because I thought
that maybe it wouldn't fit in my boobs
or something because it's not stretchy
but now I'm kind of regretting not
getting a small because it looks like
it's going to be kind of baggy on me
which I don't like as much doesn't push
up my boobs as much it's not as tight
and form-fitting on my body but we shall
see very cute right oh my god I was
wrong I think this dress is actually the
perfect size what if I just left it this
way and like taped it here that would be
so hot I love it
the
I adore this dress so I definitely could
have buttons the top button as you can
see but I think it looks so much sexier
when it's not buttoned when it makes it
look like can she even button that
that's what it looks like when it's all
the way button I until glad my intuition
told me to get a medium because yeah I
could not get the waist part over my
boobs without like yanking it down
hopefully not ruining my skin in some
way this is just such a comfy such a
cute it's such a flattering dress I
definitely think this is great for
someone who has a smaller waist and they
do bottom and has a bigger chest and
want something that flatters and shows
that off I really really love this dress
this is my favorite purchase so far what
do you think
Kirk Kirk anyway moving on we have two
more items this is one of them this was
like my met purchase it was really cheap
and I kind of felt bad for it I feel bad
when there's something that no one's
really touched this is like a Navajo
looking sweater it's kind of big it has
these little lines here so I can make it
like a something that shows off my boobs
or something that doesn't but we're
going to go ahead and try this out on
top of my new dress
because I don't want to take this off
it's too hard and it's too hot hot as in
like it looks real good oh and this
isn't a size small so it's meant to be
not so tight on you so let me show you
what it looks like with the strings in
with blood
you
so my camera stopped while I was trying
to hold on the mix send this alright my
camera stopped while I was trying to
tell you guys about this so I really
like this a lot especially without the
the string in it because it looks really
sexy and awesome and then the last where
is the sweater I think I took it off
over here hold on so the last item was
this sweater it's an extra small so I
didn't know if it would say it but it
actually fits very well it's got really
cute stuff on the inside and I really
liked it I didn't intro it because
apparently that was in the footage that
I lost so I just wanted to let you guys
know that I hate it when my camera just
randomly stops filming when I'm fucking
trying to do something and I don't know
what how much footage I lost never have
to take it out take it any other room
and figure that out before I kept going
so I just like guess and move on yeah
those are the missing portions of this
video hope that's not too annoying
alright guys as you can see it fits me
pretty damn well it is a little tight on
my armpits it is a little tight when you
zip it all the way up and what is
slightly smaller than I'd like but I
would venture to say that if I lost 5 to
10 pounds it would be perfect fitting
for me other than zipping up to the
boobs I can zip it all the way out for
the boobs and I can even go like this
but that's never comfortable no matter
what unless it was like a custom-made
outfit which I've never gotten done for
myself which I probably should that was
pretty cool by the way I really like the
design I really like the shirt put
inside I like how it droops in the back
and then comes up in the front and side
it's very like I'm wearing really
low-cut jeans and I want to hide my butt
crack kind of sweater I like that
if you guys happen to one of our whole
store Abercrombie clothes and you like
any of the clothes here definitely sign
up for their newsletter because their
newsletter will send you a bunch of
things in your email about promotions
that can get you 50% off and I'll tell
you when there's a clearance and
sometimes things can be as low as $5
when they're having a clearance sale
especially if you're a size excess or
you're a size XL I happen to sometimes
fit into size excess clothing so I
really like clearances and if you are
one of those people that really hate
holes or an Abercrombie you think it's
so 2008 or you think that someone in her
20s shouldn't be wearing it go fuck
yourself I'll do what I want I like the
style it very much flatters my body and
I like to wear it in a way that it's
sexy but also casual I wouldn't expect
any less of a response from you guys if
I told you that the shitty clothing
company you like is shit do what you
want do what makes you happy and wear
what you want especially when it makes
you feel sexy I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and I hope it was a little
bit of entertainment or fanservice for
you guys let me know if you like the way
that I filmed with Vlad and if you like
that kind of style that's how it's going
to be for hauls and things until I move
in 3 months do it just simply can't get
a full body shot
with the amount of room that I have here
I love you guys so much thank you for
watching like subscribe check out the
two videos here at the end screen on the
right and of course I have another
YouTube channel for gaming YouTube duck
on flash Taylor Babcock game and I have
a twitch channel switch TV slash Terry
Babcock I try to be on as much as I
possibly can
playing certain games and hanging out
with you guys and I'm on Instagram and
Twitter at tears I've got Instagram is
my favorite so if you're going to choose
one of the others definitely follow me
on Instagram
thank you so much and I will see you in
the next video bye guys
