I have no idea if this is gonna work it
should be working
it says it's starting live you are live
the internet can totally see you now to
stop use your encoder what's up guys
how you doing it's a weird thing to be
live on YouTube when I'm so used to it
being on twitch with all of my other
intricacies uh knobs with all the sub
hype and the donation hype and all the
overlays and this is just like
completely chill so I'm going to wait
and see if anyone joins and you can ask
me anything this is an AMA QA ask me
absolutely anything you desire to talk
about also I want to thank my patrons on
patreon patreon comm / Terry Babcock
without you guys I wouldn't exist well I
would exist but in a much much poorer
state where I'm not doing what I love
for a living you know ad Rev is kicking
me in the ass at kicking everyone in the
ass it always has but it's even worse
now it's almost non-existent so I really
love my patrons and one of the goals
that we get to every month is a live
stream on Twitch a Q&A because ur on
youtube because a lot of people don't
watch my twitch it's which is just like
a secondary thing to a lot of people who
support me on patreon so what's up for
amita you are in fact first and you
didn't even take the time to do the
first meme you know like first oh my god
so yeah what's up hey Thomas how's
everyone doing what you guys want to
talk about today I did a let me show you
this side I did a Dutch braids for the
first time successfully today Dutch
braids stick out more than regular
French braids because you okay you know
you separate into three things you move
the middle one over the fucking side
ones instead of moving the side ones
into the middle and that's how you do it
I'm like a braid connoisseur now like
two months ago I didn't even know how to
do any kinds of braids other than just
like from here down regular braiding and
now I can do the fucking rope braids
French braids Dutch braids what have you
two
Stieb raids I'm a badass right I can do
things with hair you would think someone
like me would be dexterous enough to
just pick it up I guess I could I did
just pick it up but for a long time I
thought I couldn't do it so that was
what's up I love you too Romina as
always I feel a little awkward because
I'm out of my element here usually when
I do Q&A is it's when I have like over a
hundred people watching and we've been
playing for a long time and people just
want to ask me questions or whatever but
with this I just start the stream and
I'm not playing a game so I'm just
sitting here basically jerking myself
off talking to myself it's very odd but
I know you guys enjoy just sitting and
chillin if you guys are watching the
vaad thanks for coming by and watching
the vaad this was a live stream if it's
not 201 p.m. PST then you're not
watching this live I know a lot of
people are confused about that am i like
not seeing the stuff I think I'm seeing
this stuff yeah okay I only have 8
people watching her now I think YouTube
doesn't like push things out so people
can't see I guess I'll post on patreon
let me just post it it's live now why am
i what is this
what is this although I'm gonna be
silent for a second shit dude I got to
do all this damn shit I have to do my
two-factor code so much drama so much
drama I didn't even fucking type why is
this my life right now you did get the
notification well I'm saying it's not
pushing it out to like a wider audience
like it used to I used to just get
instantly like 200 viewers just because
what okay that should be it
let's just post a random image we're
gonna post a random image there we go
live now for the Q&A Oh
Q&A come hang okay uh where'd away where
do I go there it is I have to post my
link ok now we're like we're getting up
there we're getting up there good shit
thanks for tuning in by the way anyone
who's already here I appreciate it ok I
just published that so now I can get
back to looking at the actual chat
everything's all in disarray because
this is not how I usually stream I don't
usually have to pop things out anymore I
just have the clr browsers for my twitch
streams and stuff so yeah I'm glad if
you have you got the notification what's
the next goal for patreon I want to be
able to buy a bunch of different lenses
and a different well I don't want to buy
a different camera do I yeah I think I
want to buy another camera body because
I'm using my best camera body my 5d Mark
3 for the streams right because the
audio jack is broken because I knocked
it over and like broke it it's it's so
bad it's so bad that happened and I
don't want to send it into Canon
everyone's like oh just sending it to
Canon just fix it but I'll be without
one of my like main cameras for a while
and I would have to like buy on it's
just like a fucking clusterfuck so I
want to buy another camera body a better
one from my actual my actual videos here
on YouTube which are like more important
than the streams right especially for
video quality
and what I really want to do is I want
to get a bunch of different lenses and I
want to try out which lenses make me
look best and make the video look best
and I want to do some bokeh background
which is like it's just like the
background is a little bit blurry but I
don't want to do a lot of bokeh because
I still want people to be able to see
the nintendo plushies and all the
collectables that i have do not spam you
will be timed out about 140 I would say
blackbolt
I fluctuate like five pounds all the
time I'm working on it though my ideal
is like 115 that's my ideal for sure I'm
hoping I don't get okay so there's
different types of content strikes if
you guys don't know and I'm hoping that
by playing music on here I don't get
like a content strike where caught like
people can't actually see it you know -
hey Zoe what's up Zoe I'm gonna make you
a mod so you can you can you know time
people out who are spamming just timeout
the spammers don't timeout any like rude
questions or whatever the fuck mmm what
I find it weird no that's like standard
I fake boobs way in between three to six
pounds real boobs are quite a bit
heavier silicone is slightly less heavy
than saline I know you probably didn't
want like the technical answer to that
but I totally gave you the technical
fucking answer cuz that's how it is
hey love to your uruguay uruguay how do
you fuck how the fuck you said in
english berg why ergh why dude why oh
yes hey black and white I'm sad that
you're not gonna be able to stick around
that sucks
what's up to Spain rubber I'm gonna make
you a mod even though you're a little
cock bitch
I don't have any mods on here I don't
have any setup have I ever hooked up
with a fan no I have not
give me an aggressive purr
it's cool um the the viewfinder not the
viewfinder I guess you could call it a
viewfinder my encoder that's actually
showing me the preview of the stream
there's a little bit laggy for me not
for you guys so when I do the purring
you can actually see my tongue like
moving inside my mouth a little bit in
slow motion it's pretty entertaining
it's just like when I go and then you
like slow it down and it looks so
retarded I love it you have a test
tomorrow and your English is shit that's
okay even fucking native English
speakers English as shits often times I
wouldn't feel too bad about that what's
up to Saudi Arabia how you doing Dutch
people are cool
rubber tongue is Dutch so if you say
anything in your language he'll be able
to moderate it hey I've been loving your
channel just subscribe last month and I
enjoy your content your personality
thank you darlin darlin darlin darlin
hello darlin anytime someone says your
name they're saying hello to you that's
pretty cool I appreciate the viewership
I appreciate all the new subscribers
it's really cool to continuously grow
your channel and have new people come in
and like that never new have you never
heard of you I think it's a really cool
experience to like continue to just have
more and more people watching your stuff
and like there are a lot of people that
don't know anything about the stuff that
I posted in 2013 or even like 2016 it's
just fun my favorite game at the moment
is probably persona 5 I'm having a lot
of fun with persona 5 rubber tongue
asked me um before where I'm at okay I'm
at the second dungeon but I just
basically started the second dungeon and
I got the new character the next new
character from the three main characters
shows you our intimate and I give you a
gift of a hundred year old my french
who the fuck show you our intimate what
color is my chest tan what's its tan
right now oh yes
come on better to better troll questions
if you're going to be troll questioning
come on got to do it I am addicted to
fucking don't starve right now - it
sucks because Jay was a little bit
addicted with me and then yesterday we
were playing and we like made a whole
year we did like 60 days or something I
don't know how long a whole year is I
forget and he was like this game is
pointless now and now he doesn't even
want to start over he want to play even
though we can like add caves we can do a
bunch of stuff and we can fight bosses
and stuff I'm sad about it
no I don't play Cod I don't play
first-person games as a rule I just
don't like them I am gonna try overwatch
because my friends have been pushing me
to try it for like ever and that's all
they play oh thank you so much Emily I
appreciate that my dream cosplay Oh
probably um probably cami it's got to be
cami because cami like that just outfit
would look so good on my body like my
body shape I think I don't know it would
be so awesome oh my god there's a bunch
of others I want to do I just want to do
sexualized terrorised versions of every
character I like I want to do gender
bent like sexualized like Kratos and all
that stuff I saw a female Kratos at PAX
I think it was last year or the year
before and I was like so in love with it
oh my god she like seemed like shouldn't
like me that much but I wanted to take a
picture with her so yeah it's pretty
awesome I'm 27
did it hurt getting your clit Pierce and
do you regret having it done absolutely
not and absolutely not it was like
nothing at all it was the easiest Pierce
thing ever the piercing that hurt the
most was the nose and my second most
painful piercing was my bellybutton it's
really weird because you think those two
places well I guess the nose is on the
face so there are a lot of nerve endings
and things and it would seem like it
would hurt but that shit hurts so bad
then like I actually okay so you see how
my nostrils are slightly different sizes
there is like scar tissue here from
where I got my nose pierced and it's
never gone away it actually festered and
like rejected and it was awful it was
the worst piercing I've ever gotten and
yeah it was just absolutely awful this
is a patreon live chat the the goal like
I'm doing this for the patrons there's
no good way I don't like periscope I
don't like you now I don't like any of
those platforms so just putting it on my
you
tube I wouldn't be doing this if it
weren't for reaching the goal on patreon
so I love you guys my patrons oh so
awesome so what is the goal on patreon
for all of us to see those amazing boobs
you can already see my amazing views I
occasionally now I post like a topless
picture here there are a little bit of
nip slips and stuff and I don't plan on
doing any more nude shoots right now but
I'm just I'm kind of just don't know
what I want to do with that so right now
I'm just not doing any nude shoots or
anything like that and I'm not doing any
fully nude or actually nude fanservice
Friday's I'm basically just playing it
by ear whatever I want to do and if I
ever do get the inkling to do so but if
you want to know more about the video or
the pictures the pictures that I have
that are nude from like earlier in my
modeling career you on here on my vlog
channel it's called exposing myself my
fake nudes or something like that and
you can like watch that video and then
the news will be in the description a
link to my patreon and the post is free
and everything so no big deal what was
for lunch I haven't eaten lunch yet I
had for breakfast a coffee estoy lence
and Jai wanted to get pizza last night
so we got pizza and I had some of my
these like garlic not breadstick things
I can't stand the regular breadsticks
from Papa John's they're like so hard if
you don't eat them immediately it's like
impossible to chew them so I just get
the garlic knots mmm how often do I have
sex per week how many days are there in
the week 7 I would say minimum of like 5
maximum of like 8 or 9 I don't know when
did I get my clippers piercing on my
18th birthday I think yeah my 18th
birthday yes I've played The Witcher 3 I
absolutely loved it it became quickly
one of my favorite games of all time I
haven't finished it though I actually
stopped playing it - what did we start
playing instead of The Witcher 3 well
persona 5 came out so obviously you know
we're going to drop it for the X that's
one of my favorite franchises but yeah
what's your favorite fan service Friday
bit video probably
either the deep drug one was fun but I
really don't like deep throating dildos
I really liked the pink fishnet one that
was the last straw in me having to move
it to patreon because it got fucking
content strikes and then my channel was
off for like two weeks and it was awful
what does it mean to say you look tired
I don't understand what that means
like I've never seen anyone look tired
and muster like hmm like what does that
mean some people like randomly say that
and I have no idea what that means I am
so excited about playing the DLC but I
haven't even finished the initial game
so I'm not playing the DLC yet but I I
purchased both of them I think or if I
haven't I will know there are not any
newer nudes I was a non nude model for
like a hundred percent of my career I
just did like one shoot that was private
that never went anywhere and then the
shoot that I talked about in that video
which is just fucking atrocious you can
google it if you want to but I'm never
going to post links to that shit those
people are fucking disgusting and the
whole shoot was just fucking awful why
did I get my click pierced I like
piercings I had the inkling to do it
there was a possibility of and it's not
okay so for those of you who don't know
like never go get your clip pierced a
lot of piercers will tell you don't ever
do that or whatever or they won't
actually do it because it's really it's
a it's a sensitive area with all of your
sexual nerve endings and if you pierce
that you're liable to never have any
feeling down there again it's very
possible so what you do is you pierce
the the clitoral hood which is basically
like the foreskin of the female
genitalia and the piercing sits on top
of the clit and rubs on it and it's
possible that you could get random
orgasms it's just really fun to play
with for me I don't have the random
orgasms or anything which I wish I did
but I don't
it's mainly just fun to play with fun to
look at very cute very aesthetic so I
mean that's why I got it can I recommend
any hentai games no huniepop it's not
really
hentai I don't really play rated X games
because I can't there's nothing good on
ps4 rated X and usually a lot of the the
quality of the game is gone when
something is sexual which I fucking hate
I feel like you can have sexual content
and quality gameplay it's just it's a
totally different demographic because
people who are like
hardcore gamerz look down on sexuality
so if there's tits bouncing or if the
characters are over-sexualize you're
going to have the feminists jumping on
it it's just not going to be a
mainstream game that real gamers like to
play or whatever but I feel like honey
pops really cool and if I can't stream
it I usually won't play it on PC unless
I really love it
I'm or my personal gaming is all about
like console games ps4 and stuff like
that and occasionally I'll play steam
games but it'll be like out on the couch
and I'll just hook up my laptop to the
TV it's awesome I don't play sports
games I haven't played a sports games
since like fucking I think SNES yeah I
don't like sports games too generic
boring don't like sports in general I'm
not really a sports person hey naked
bakers that's awesome
a lot of people ask me about a patreon a
sub I think every content creator every
person who makes any kind of art they
should all have patreon I think patreon
is like the best platform ever and the
the people behind the scenes are very
nice to me very helpful I just I fucking
adore patreon I adore my patrons and
anyone who has anything to do with
patreon is just fucking awesome I love
it so good opinions on foot worship not
my thing but you do you I have no
problem with that
I like ps4 better than PC but I play PC
more than ps4 now because I don't have
that much time away from streaming and
working and editing videos and stuff I
should plan charted for I've never
played any of the Uncharted games I mean
I'm not against it or anything
does rocket League as a sports game not
really but I don't love rocket League
when we played it OB it was it's like
fun for like five seconds I have a you
guys see I have like a atrocious tan
line here I used like a lotion today
that has a bit of a tint and like a
sparkle and I did not blend it well oh
my god if I weren't modeling around
YouTube a career would I go for
because it's not it's not the start of
that sentence um I don't know I feel
like I found my calling the thing that
makes me the most happy when I was in
high school I've said this a billion
fucking time so everyone who actually
watches a lot of my videos will know
this but I thought about going into
psychology I thought about going into
criminal fucking psychology specifically
a really good shit I thought about being
a lawyer thought about being a writer
none of those things seemed to fit me
entirely it was just like things that I
had slight interest in but not enough to
make it a career not enough to go
through years and years of fucking awful
higher education and accrue a ton of
debt like none of that I liked Final
Fantasy Final Fantasy 9 yeah it's
probably like my third favorite final
fuck my third favorite Final Fantasy was
you nervous when you posted your clip
piercing photo no I wasn't what what bad
response guy I don't get nervous about
things I don't know like especially not
in that way where I'm like what will
they like that's just that's like well
no um do you know how badly I want to
fuck you
well now I have an inkling of how badly
you want to fuck me so probably yes I am
a Harley Quinn very much so I would
definitely go for like some kind of
psychopathic mastermind with an IQ of
like 140 and be like fuck the criminal
justice system it's all about that
romanticized love oh yes I love
romanticizing sex and love but I also my
logical mind it's so funny like nobody
wants to agree or when nobody wants to
realize but it's so not a mystery how
love works it's not like I love at first
sight oh the fucking one soul mate for
one person and all that shit I think you
a lot of people have a problem
separating reality from you know their
own ego and a bunch of shit dude
Tristan gaming I love you too Tristan
gaming 69 you do like fucking sex Sims
or something
I've got a job caring for animals I
can't do that I can't no I can't care
for humans cuz I don't give a shit about
humans I can't care for animals because
I care too much about animals like it
would like ruin my life it's just like I
would have to be a masochist an absolute
masochist also I'm not interested at all
in working with anatomy or medical stuff
or anything like that it's not my thing
would you ever dye your hair again I
love the colored tips yeah I was
thinking about going like from here down
like I did with the orange red I was
thinking about going purple fading into
black cuz I'm never gonna dye my hair
black but it would be cool to kind of
have a little bit of black in my hair
and then it'll just grow out and
everything oh thank you so much naked
bakers I appreciate the $5 yeah you
cannot I like the system here on YouTube
where you can do super chat and super
chat is where your donation will be at
the top of the chat and you're just what
you say will be like gigantic for a
while and the more you tip the more it
stays on top or something I don't know
I've seen the drunken peasants use it
with great efficacy but I appreciated
naked bakers you're awesome I've
actually seen your patreon page it's
funny I think it was like last week or
something I think it was you hey naked
baking right like yeah I think I saw
your page oh my god what platform is
your clit piercing photos on patreon
anything like that will always be on
patreon it will be nowhere else what's
going to happen when you get older to
your career pretty sure people would
like to see a grandma gaming I don't
know
I have a bunch of other options I've
always liked the idea of opening my own
gym I can still go for that that's
something that I haven't really thought
about for a while I'm not really into
the bodybuilding community as much
anymore but Jay still is and I could
definitely pick that up especially when
I moved to Vegas I'm going to be going
to the Olympia every fucking year there
are other things I can do I can be on
the backend of things I'm really good at
like everything so I could do like
graphic design again like it just
doesn't even matter I mean I'm still
going to be like the hottest of anyone
my age because of how like my upkeep for
my appearance and stuff like that um I'm
my opinion at least and in a lot of
people's opinions when you know
everyone's just getting older I'm it's I
see it as a challenge it's fun to grow
older and to maintain things that I like
about myself and to continue to improve
that's just going to be like so much fun
for me obviously I would rather just
stay young forever someone's like do you
want to be a vampire do you want to be
eternal and be 20-something forever I
would be like sure why not but there are
parts of it that aren't that bad you
don't I'm saying I just hope the one
thing I really don't like about getting
old and this has nothing to do with
career because by then I won't be I
probably be retired or something I won't
be able to work but I really don't want
to lose my mental acuity my my brain I
have Alzheimer's or something like that
to happen to me or for me not to be able
to move around at all for me to be
confined to a chair a wheelchair that
would probably be quite depressing but
hopefully if I do get to the point where
I physically can't move around and be
active and stuff I hope my brain has
gone so much or someone just like
something just takes my life because
that's not a life worth living and you
know I'm sorry if there's anyone who's
in that situation that's just my
personal opinion things that I value in
life are my brain and being able to move
around and enjoy life you know if I if I
can't use my hands to play video games
like it would be okay if I couldn't move
around but I was still able to play
video games and chill on the couch and
stuff and just like in my later years
just drift off into like a game it like
well we're gonna have VR by then so I'll
have to move around I don't know I
imagine like a beautiful VR world where
you're like actually running around and
it's not just like you have the headset
on and you're just looking around you
can't really move that much I imagine
like whole like world's like West world
or something that would be so fucking
cool no I'm not interested in the porn
industry at all Playboy's not nude
anymore so it's not really like a nude
modeling thing what was your craziest
day ever I don't know I'm pretty boring
favorite product for keeping healthy
skin and hair I don't know I I jump
around all the time the face wash that I
use is really
although its skin suta khals and it was
recommended by the esthetician at my
plastic surgeon and it's a skin suit
achill is like a purifying wash it's not
a scrub I used to use scrubs all the
time on my skin and my skin is so much
more glowy and healthy now that I don't
scrub it every single day they went back
to nude because they failed I knew they
would fail as a non nude publication
like oh my god playboy is just a
clusterfuck now it's like it used to be
the thing that everyone wanted to do
with all of the fucking bragging rights
and now it's just kind of obsolete I
don't know we shall see I haven't been a
fucking fan of it for quite a while
since I was like 20 or something yes and
Junipero would be pretty cool
that would be amazing I love that's my
second favorite episode of black mirror
fuck eeeh I have no idea Benjy I've
never super chatted that sucks you
should be able to your doctor prescribed
a pair of titties oh yeah uh Sierra
bubbles dia fuck friends alongside your
relationship with Jay occasionally right
now I don't I'm not really into it I
haven't taken my body measurements for a
while um in my modeling prime I was a 36
23:36 now I'm probably like my boobs are
much bigger so I don't know my boobs are
probably like a good 39 right now and
then my waist is a 27 I think 26 I think
I took a my waist measurements like a
couple months ago and I don't know about
my hips I haven't done my hips but
probably like 40 or something crazy
why are drunken peasants idiots because
they said something you disagree with
once or twice that's the internet for
you do you like cuckold I'm not really
into cuckold
unless I'm being a dominatrix for
someone like rubber tongue like I would
totally cuckold rubber tongue but in my
actual relationships with men I
I'm no I'm the submissive and stuff I'm
sorry Benji that's you don't have to
donate anyway
you're so sweet for wanting to you're so
supportive tell you a funny story fucked
it army funny stories you ideologically
disagree with them so they're idiots
that's pretty subjective wouldn't you
think like maybe you're just the idiot
there's no objectivity and ideologies
man what specifically I would love to
hear are you an sgw when your dominant
what kinks do you enjoy ah I don't know
I used to not like putting people down
and stuff but it's fun to have rubber
tongue and put him down and make him
feel like shit it's pretty good I like
that
but dominance is it's a very it takes a
backseat like no I've even declined
taking on new money slaves and stuff
like that just because 1 or 2 is enough
it's it's not really my main thing I
have never had an STD in my entire life
I've never even had a yeast infection
it's funny I went to the I went to get a
pap smear cuz I hadn't gotten a pap
smear in like three years or something
if you guys don't know pap smears what
happens at the gynecologist what you're
supposed to go once a year or whatever
to make sure you have a normal pap smear
so that there's no no cysts or anything
wrong with your vagina I went in and she
goes it looks like you might have a
yeast infection there's a lot more
discharge then you know is normal or
whatever and I feel it and then she's
like oh well you know it might not be
exact I don't smell anything cuz it's
kind of funny that she was talking about
smelling my vagina and um so she goes
like the only thing I'm seeing is you
know a lot more wetness and I'm like
that's probably normal for me but then
the tests came back no yeast infection
um I used to get a STD test all the time
I got one on my pap smear just for fun
even though I hadn't had any new
partners and still nothing never even
something chill like chlamydia or
anything I'm very safe safe sex all the
fucking way no condomless sex with
anyone that's not Jay
no sex with people who have a lot of
fucking partners or very obviously not
hygienic mmm
when did I say I didn't like fuck
friends I said I don't have any right
now it's just a circumstance like I'm
not attracted to anyone around here I'm
just focusing it like I literally work
12 hours a day or more so and by work I
mean 10 hours dreams 5 hours of doing
YouTube videos and stuff and then emails
and all that shit like I just worked so
much and I'm just not interested in
anyone right now the best contraception
so that contraceptive for me is yaz
birth control a lot of people have
problems with blood clots and stuff on
that shit and in some places it's been
it's been discontinued and then upgraded
and blah blah but it's the best one for
me because it's nice with my skin and
hair it doesn't make me gain weight all
other forms make me gain weight when I
had the Mirena which is an IUD it's like
a little t-shaped thing that goes into
your cervix and just hangs in your
vagina which was fucking awful like the
string would poke the shit out of Jay
and when he is pounding my cervix
because you guys know that I like it
rough it like started these intense
cramps and I gained 30 fucking pounds
while on it it was like the worst thing
ever and I couldn't control my weight I
couldn't my acne was like shit I was it
was the worst experience of my entire
life and it's so annoying because when I
went in to get the Mirena put in I was
thinking three to five years of no
babies no matter what a 99.9% effective
that's fucking amazing right and then
she assures me that it's just
progesterone in there
women don't react poorly to progesterone
it's going to be perfect
like no one ever has any problems with
it and then I just ah the worst worst it
was an exaggeration Pekka retardo I work
out every day but right now I haven't
worked out for a week and a half because
I can't I'm also supposed to be wearing
a compression garment on my legs but I'm
not because fucking owl leggings yeah do
an ASMR I didn't ask Mr fanservice
Friday and a lot of people were saying
that I'm not cut out for except to Louds
yeah
so I don't know I I was gonna do it why
do you want to smash her past video just
on females I was going to do youtubers I
don't know if I'm still gonna do the
video maybe I will maybe I won't I don't
know people seem to really enjoy the
first one so why not right but dududu
I'm glad we have enough people to answer
or tasks enough questions cuz I was
getting I was getting sad their first
man what the fuck you want me to say
Dutch stuff Tara it could van jou you
it could van you hoe gaat head tear me
oh how was that how was that how was
head rubber rubber has to say it was
good
the ASMR is on patreon anything you
don't see on this channel or on the
gaming channel in twitch is going to be
on patreon what do I think of the Virgin
killer sweater I'm excited to wear it I
got one in the last Friday night mail if
you guys didn't notice very excited very
excited uh people have been telling me
to play earthbound never played this
type of Mike you can check me out on kit
Oh Thank You Ally I appreciate it thank
you for the super chat
you're so sweet were you able to use
PayPal spend she was having a problem
with it uh-huh yeah I don't I don't know
I don't see the NRO ASMR just doesn't do
it for me just like muck bongs doesn't
do it to me it doesn't do it for me I
don't like watching people eat I don't
like watching people be quiet for
relaxation none of that so it's hard for
me to make content that I don't enjoy
watching that's kind of the whole
premise of being a youtuber being a
content creator you make content that
you enjoy so that you can bring in an
audience of like-minded people who can
potentially become friends and family
too because they're just like they like
the same stuff you like you know and
you're creating stuff that you're proud
of I can't be proud of something if I
don't Eve
no what I would like in that genre you
know and that's how I feel with uh with
fucking ASMR any tips for people wanting
to work self-employed like you do you're
going to get fucked in taxes so make
sure you write off everything that you
can keep all of your receipts and get a
QuickBooks self-employed QuickBooks
self-employed this year has been so
fucking amazing to me when I did my
taxes this year I owed so much in back
taxes oh my god and they offered
QuickBooks I'm like hey dude this helps
me like keep track of my spending it's
really good to keep track of all of my
avenues of making money you can add all
the accounts it's pretty cool who ever
done any hiking outdoor stuff when I was
um when I was younger my parents and I
used to do a lot of outdoorsy stuff I
don't anymore but I plan on picking it
up when I moved to Vegas because there's
a lot of awesome hiking sites there I'm
really excited for hiking yeah I think I
think it's going to be fun
can hike in the morning as like a
substitute for cardio a few days a week
I think that would be cool so I'm
looking up some stuffs and I can't seem
to find anything substantial that points
me in the right direction regarding
PayPal it's okay Benji don't worry about
it don't worry about it
did you mother three I'll look it up
check it out tantric sex um not really
I've tried like tantric masturbation a
little bit but it's not like I went
through a checklist of things to do that
it was just like something I did you
know cuz whatever ah fucking Snake Eater
Snake Eater is definitely the best
unless you're saying Metal Gear Metal
Gear I played the the first ones a
long-ass time ago do I read books I have
the audible app that I use when I get my
eyelashes done I don't have time to read
books I used to but not anymore
I want to I have a ton of like really
awesome books that I want to read
especially the ones that people have
been sending me in the mail so fucking
good things
psychology on improving your brain
health all that stuff I still want to
read mine Kumpf
it's very interesting there's a lot of
things oh and then I have the the
Starcraft book I want to read to current
favorite porn stars scene I really have
one just browse whatever's there
whatever looks good in the moment
whenever someone asked me what my
favorite something is unless it's a game
I'm not really good at that like
favorite song favorite love favorite
band is always going to be Pink Floyd
but favorite current band I never know
which one was my favorite like right now
I'm really into the the new macedon CD &
söhne and I'm into some richelieu still
like I'm still listening to a lot of
Richelieu it's just all over the place
no many fans service on stream o.o a
really weird name is i have two
currencies in my name but you can't get
it right Kerch Duggan Kurtz Duggan is
that good cardio I'm not really into
weightlifting I do a little bit of
weightlifting but not into it it's not
fun I don't like cardio either but it's
empowering the runner's high and how you
feel afterwards when you feel like just
really good and really alive I like that
a lot
which arms are necklace p-wing fucking
Mario 3 girl oh yeah gonna do another
manga review I don't play magic anymore
so I don't have time to read manga if I
start playing Magic when I moved to
Vegas which I'm hoping to do then yes oh
sorry didn't mean to hit you little
micro food no I don't play overwatch but
I plan on trying it soon with my friends
Kershaw's yen and ditch mark gudgeon
Duggan the fuck oh man I can't do it I'm
sorry ah Thank You Felix you will be the
leader of the pack you have a fine
specimen of a woman on your arm no one
can beat you
you know the ruler of that land I don't
know if you guys have a precedence or
not
every time someone suggests the pornstar
to me like 90% of the time I don't like
her it's like so bad people like a lot
of amateur porn I can't stand amateur
porn I can't stand like chubby or
thicker girls I can't stand big ass or
like um gaping or cream pie like no lab
yeah that's how I feel oh I like turtles
too dude
Bengie of course you agree you like
turtles you live in like the land of
turtles you're like a turtle you have to
be a turtle connoisseur uh yeah the next
fan service Friday is definitely gonna
be the virgin killer sweater I'm super
excited it's gonna be awesome
my head aches and nausea they're not
better no um I've actually I've been
doing really long streams lately and
nine-hour streams
ten our streams and at the end of them
the only reason I stopped is because I
feel like I'm literally gonna pass out
and right now honestly I feel like I
keep having to move the that your phone
in my ears i can barely hear and i feel
like a little bit of like general
malaise and like that's how it feels in
my brain right now and it's just it's so
stressful and i don't know how much of
it is brought on by the bright lights
but i feel like none of its because
there are so many people like my friend
red he'll stream like ten hours a day
with the lights that are bigger than
this and probably just as close to him
and he has no problems with it and i
don't know it's not light sensitivity
because when i can look at bright lights
like I'm completely fine with looking at
bright lights it doesn't give me a
headache it doesn't you know blur my
vision so I don't know I on the 10th
so like in ten days or something I get
to go to a neurologist and see what the
fuck is wrong with me so I'm excited the
biggest cock I've ever seen like I watch
porn so the biggest cock that there has
ever been I've probably seen it other
than that you know one guy who doesn't
share cock pictures but has like the
world record of cocks so I don't know
like what 12 inches
happy late birthday lone wolf David Wow
Thank You Walter Lyndon Bauer I
appreciate that
yeah my room's pretty cool I'm gonna
I've like stopped fixing it I used to
fix it so much like the plushies will
fall over and everything now I'm just
like because I'm moving soon I'm gonna
have to throw them all in a bag anyway
and redo it when I get there I think
we'll do about an hour of this do I
consider myself a bitch
ah in some situations yes sure what
other hobbies do you not talk about much
aside from gaming I'm really into
aesthetics but you guys can tell just by
looking at me I don't talk about it as
much I only talk about it usually - in
in the context of defending myself or
telling when people say I can't take you
seriously you should look at different
ways that I can take what you say
seriously like that's usually when I
talk about it but I'm really into
aesthetics of everything in my life like
everything has to be personalized
everything has to be my version of
aesthetic symmetrical proportionate I do
all of my overlays let me show you my
overlay uh for for uh don't starve if
you guys haven't seen that scene the
game don't starve I'm not allowed to
play games on stream here because I have
a partnership with twitch but I'll show
you the overlay hold on Gorillaz yeah
thank you so much party on Wayne alright
so I did this overlay myself and it's
taking parts from the game and making my
own little Terra thing and in the in the
select screen or whatever there when you
choose it when you're choosing a
character it says like the name of the
character then a picture of the
character then some information about
the person and it's like the bereaved or
something so mine is the booby fool and
favors aesthetics of a practicality
rages easily at others oh my god and
then I have this I just really like
creating things graphic design things
things that can improve my life
the
statics of my room everything just has
to be very Tara all the time and that's
something that I really enjoy so that's
like probably one of my most prominent
hobbies I also have the league in game
like you can't see as much here let me I
got rid of my overlay ah but yeah this
is a what it looks like this is
off-center right now because I need to
change it I haven't played any leagues
since I redid my stuff but I just really
like messing with this and making it the
best possible and like this setup right
here that I just threw together in five
minutes for this dream now it's like I
don't it bothers me it bothers me
anytime something's not aesthetic and
like you can see I change the I have a
bunch of different microphone little
fluffy things because I like changing
colors I like bright colors I like
messing with my hair trying new things
with my makeup it's just mm it's so much
fun what makes a guy esthetic to you um
a nice nicely kempt big-ass fucking
beard manly features nice skin
and a giant axle now what I call the
axle of a man is the chest traps delts
and arms and I really like forearms and
I like vascularity that isn't like the
squiggly like a steroid been using
steroids for a long time vascularity I
just love vascularity like um for a cock
to be aesthetic I like it to be
proportionate all the way down the shaft
like the head isn't too small or too big
or the skin color isn't off throughout
the day like I hate it in porn oh my god
there are so many uncut porn stars that
keep the foreskin over their penis when
they spray tan and then in the middle of
the porn you see that it's like a pale
cock and then like a black cock like
halfway in the middle just like it
drives me crazy oh my god but like
vascularity muscles symmetry and the
muscles all that stuff is very important
to me symmetry and the beard oh yes this
is an a wind gaming chair if you go to
my gaming channel youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games I have the unboxing of
this
err and the chair that Jay is currently
using which is my other chair I like
this one better because it's a excel
chair so the bottom here is like really
big and I can cross my legs like I never
sit normally I always cross my legs very
YouTuber don't really have one I don't
know sometimes at some SJW or anti astre
W content creator or anti-feminist
content creators sometimes it's a gaming
content creator sometimes it's like
occasionally it's even watching like
makeup videos right now I've been
watching a lot of beardbrand videos
which is so stupid because I don't have
a beard but like I'm just watching like
how to care for your beard it's stuff
like that I've been doing that like for
two days now it's so funny what is it
about a beard that you like um it's just
it's manly it's lumberjack II it's it's
just the epitome of good genetics and a
man I don't know it's just like oh so
nice it's something I can't have other
than like I tell you guys that one that
I grow right here my neck beard um I
like it when it's a well-kept beard
that's like square but then in the
context of like Vikings like I really
like Viking beards that have like braids
and really big and thick and long it's
just nice nice to play with it's I love
it I love it mmm I am a cock critic I
basically like you can even say you can
even conflate what I do to say that I I
judge Cox for a living because of my 20
dollar patreon thing myself II review
where a lot of people opt to send me
dick pics rather than regular selfies
which I'm not complaining about by the
way so much fun then I am not into fast
and furious at all yeah yeah does it
feel good when you kiss a guy with a
beard not really actually I'm not like
huge into like kissing like a lot I like
just like pecs and like affectionate
kissing and just a little bit of kissing
as foreplay or during sex but I'm not
like a huge kisser I don't like kissing
in public or you know holding hands even
though that's a real
but yeah a guy with a big mustache it's
more an aesthetic thing honestly like
seeing a guy with a big mustache and
beard fucking you is awesome kissing
them there's a practicality issue there
for sure biggest cock I've seen in real
life nine inches not in real life I
haven't seen 12 I thought you were just
saying you've seen like in general cuz
you know porn and stuff as I said a
binge you do have nice skin how do you
like men it's quite easy as a as a
bisexual female it's quite easy to like
men oh man doo-doo-doo-doo Shao Kahn is
he's in another league of his own he
doesn't have a beard but he would look
really good with a beard but he would
have to probably take off the mask and
then he would show that he has horns and
like red fucking reptilian ass eyes and
shit so yeah um some people have really
really nice jaw structure to wear it's
fine if they don't have a beard but I
feel like there are so many disgustingly
ugly dudes to me who when they they
actually get like a full beard they
actually look passable it's crazy like
how much a beard can do for your face
especially if you have like a weak jaw
or a weak chin things that I really need
in a man's face if he's not gonna have a
beard or whatever uh I don't know
I don't like receiving oral sex it's not
fun it's boring hey I would assume it
makes it hard for him to perform
cunnilingus on me though dude
favorite mint hairstyle really really
short on the sides and long on the top
and like styled in a certain way
I fucking hate jarhead so not jarhead
never short on the top the only the only
men like I've said a few times the only
men that can get away with having like a
buzz cut or like a really short
hairstyle in my opinion are like fucking
neo-nazi looking dudes who are bald
white dudes or black dudes oh my god can
a woman fully satisfy me absolutely not
have I been in a relationship with a
woman a sexual relationship yes an
actual relationship no I would never be
in an actual relationship with a woman
it's just not me I mean I guess I can
imagine a situation a type of woman
where I could be in a relationship with
them I just don't usually get
fulfillment out of women like I do with
men I prefer women as like a an addition
to the relationship rather than the
actual main relationship it just has to
do with a lot of my sexual preferences
and sexual fetishes and stuff that women
can't do anything for so we're just
saying I guys asked you to do in bed I
don't know nothing's really weird to me
so it's hard I can't speak Spanish I
have not watched it over watch porn
every would play overwatch so we get the
reference into shit like I know some of
the names of some of the characters but
it's like yeah my entire life growing up
I preferred console to PC now it's like
a trade-off I guess I've always been a
console gamer but I play so many PC
games and I see a lot of merit to PC
gaming do I like when people that to my
pics sure it's cool
watch my feel free to fat video if you
want more on that that's kind of like
everyone knows this about me thing
already I don't want to go over it again
where's your best gamer threesome you
mean like game characters
I mean it would have to be like Shao
Kahn and fuck I don't know Kratos Shao
Kahn Kratos or something Liam Neeson no
ah
Chao hmm I poop candy probably all of my
bodily fluids smell like fucking coffee
lately I don't know I just like I have
one coffee in the morning which is like
a cup of coffees worth of coffee and
everything smells like coffee so if you
really like coffee if you're like one of
those people to go to Starbucks every
day you would love my pee and poop I'm
Jaime travel to another country in the
future and do vlogs if I did ever travel
to another country I would most
certainly be doing vlogs but I cannot
see myself wanting to travel anywhere I
fucking hate plane rides I hate the
hassle of traveling hello my god just
thinking about it makes me wanna puke
it's so awful ah but I would die
hopefully that would be an amazing death
I've always thought that it would be a
completely okay death if I was having
sex with like a vampire or something and
I allowed him to suck my blood a little
bit and he accidentally sucked enough to
kill me like whatever you're just like
you're weak a little bit then you fall
asleep and you had some great sex before
absolutely no problem with that
chastity keys I know you grant you're
fucking your little cock you'd love it
yeah um no I'm not in a conventional
relationship click to our question marks
Felix look look yeah I only I keep
questioning like how old strong is that
fucking coffee because why is everything
smelly everything smells like coffee
even my armpits I think like if I start
getting armpit smell it's a little bit
like coffee it's really weird I'm just
like producing coffee out of my out of
my fucking pores and shit yeah dude I
cannot every almost every time I travel
on an airplane I get sick
the smell sitting on an airplane that
like really almost chemically like
fucked up smell I can't stand it it's so
fucking awful never had sex with a black
guy I haven't played Star Wars
Battlefront to know my titties are
massive dude it's awesome it looks like
I have like a plushie I guess on this
side plushy attached to my chairs weird
ah
why would J propose to me that'd be
retarded he hasn't done it in like 11
years why would you do it now I do play
League yes to get fucked and killed by a
vampire life goals yes exactly so good
whoo we ever do a fan service Friday of
just a vagina to use I mean I add vagina
teases in a little bit with my regular
fan services maybe one day I don't know
depends how I feel yeah maybe there's
like a tumor pressing on my brain so
everything just smells like coffee and
it's not actually a thing tips on clear
skin keep it clean but not too clean you
want your natural oils to be there the
more you like scrub away all of your
natural oils and keep washing your face
and making your face dry the more your
skin is going to try to compensate and
make you grease here and grease here and
that's something that took me a really
long time to realize you don't use like
harsh scrubs on your skin more than once
every couple days you just want
something that works with your natural
pH balance and your natural skin to just
kind of cleanse the pores and get all
the stuff that stuck out of there but um
you don't want to like fuck with your
natural balances and your natural oils
um I don't know I a lot of my hormone
balance stuff like birth control and sub
help smooth skin and working out
drinking a ton of water I fucking drink
so much water like so much fucking water
what I change my hair color not entirely
no I don't like it I've been thinking
about um as I was saying earlier in the
I've been thinking about doing purple to
black tips like I did with my orange to
red and I've also been thinking about I
haven't told you guys this but I've been
thinking about you see my natural hair
color is like a dirty blonde I've been
thinking about actually doing an ombre
hair color like dirty blonde - platinum
blonde just so I don't have to keep
getting my hair updated while I'm moving
I don't have to worry about that and I
can take my time looking for a new
hairdresser in Vegas when I move I don't
know you're not the worst or you're the
worst the lead guy reminds you of me
I'll have to check that out I am an
atheist yes Thank You Marcella you're
sweet steak or fish neither well steak
because fish is the seafood like I
actually bar people from eating seafood
if they're eating with me because it
smells so fucking disgusting every
single time people get like well then it
wasn't you know made right no all fuckin
seafood smells like goddamn fish oh so
gross
so steak but I'm a vegetarian so neither
steak has always been like when I was in
a vegetarian when I was younger
steak is always been lying around and
like everyone's like whoa this is a
really good steak and I'm like this is
gross dude like meat is so mad to me
fake meat is so much better like whoo
moving to Vegas for the whether the
actual opposite of that
I fucking hate Vegas weather other than
the fact that it gets really cold at
night and it's really fresh I like that
um I prefer rain I prefer Seattle
but um Vegas just has really cheap
really cheap whatever housing costs so I
can get a really nice house I don't go
out in my house anyway so it's not that
big of a deal also here we don't have
air conditioning like it all so yeah you
love the accents what accents are there
you have an accent wha what do you say
to people if they think you're racist
because you're not really under a
particular race they're fucking retarded
that's what I say to them they're SJW
little cut kirino's that have no logic
or no sense no concept of bye
ecology or reality or psychology in any
way did I narrow down my house choices
well I'm not allowed to make an actual
choice until June which is like highly
annoying to me because I want to lock
down a house like now but I can't so um
I have I there's this little app that my
real estate agent has for me where I put
in criteria like the the price range how
many floors how many rooms or whatever
and I get to mark them like possibility
favorites or just throw them in the
trash and I've been doing that a little
bit but the British accent is very hot
yes I am wearing a bra ah it's a my
purple balconette bra
can I Drive Manuel I'm sure it would be
a quick study but I never have and I've
never been taught to put the mic into my
mouth no I don't want to get makeup on
it feminism is something that was good
for the first two waves and now it's
just fucking cringy unnecessary bullshit
hey Michaela what's up I'm glad you're
here I'm sorry we didn't continue
playing a don't starve Jay was getting
all bitchy about it but it was fun
playing games and I'm glad you were able
to join now you know my password and all
that shit so anytime we're playing you
can join search Tara type in the
password to have a tight grip I'm not
very strong I mean I can I guess have a
tight grip what have you think about
interview your favorite porn star in
YouTube I don't do interviews I don't
know I mean maybe down the line I could
do something like that hate me that
bitch I don't care thank you Joe
I like all British accents even cockney
I like them all just ha and I also can't
differentiate between a lot of them so
any advice for a person wanting to start
doing YouTube um you're not going to
make money during you're not going to
make money for Adsense you're not going
to make money right away so if you're
getting into it from making money and
not
as a hobby and not as something that you
love don't even fucking think about
doing it it's not an easy way to make
money it's a way to express yourself you
got to think of other options as a
content creator so you got you got to
have a patreon you got to have fan
funding you gotta be entertaining you
got to have your own niche like you got
to have your own look and your own
design thing that things that draw
people to your content as opposed to
other content there's a lot of
competition but don't be discouraged
because people can just rise overnight
and be really popular there are people
who in my opinion in a lot of people's
opinions don't have anything special
about them and they just get lucky and
then there are a lot of people that work
really hard and they make it there and
it takes a while but it's totally worth
it when you get there so even though
it's hard and even though you got to
think about it realistically and not
have unrealistic expectations about what
you're going to be doing it for and for
how long and until you get successful
just fucking do it and find your own
voice and production quality is
importance production quality is
importance there are people who can get
away with a potato cam but I do not like
to watch those people as much as others
and they did not have the same success
percentages you know if you fake it
until you make it and look professional
and have something eye-catching about
yourself whether it's like clickbait
titles or cool you know whatever you
know something cool just do something
cool that you enjoy um what's the story
on one of your favorite plushies behind
you either how you received it or what
it took to get it can we not do a
plushie this is my darkwing duck he
doesn't have his hat oh he does episode
I was wearing his hat earlier I begged
my parents for this when I was younger
as you can see it's it's quite I don't
know if you can tell on here but it's
quite scuffed up and stuff
it's scuffed up on the top I fucking
loved darkwing duck as a little girl and
I begged my parents to get this for me
and I just recently picked it up from
their house absolutely love it
oh my god so good mmm so cute
I love it um a lot of the ones here I
just like have been collecting recently
so they don't have like a huge backstory
but some of the ones that I have on my
nintendo chair i've had since childhood
and stuff so what made me popular slash
successful on YouTube the fact that I
had a twitch stream and a lot of people
I had added
um a twitch stream and I was a
professional model and both of those
places had like a little fan base that I
could push over to this platform also my
feel free to fad video was the video
that skyrocketed me got it went viral
basically got to a million and two
million it's now like 6 million or
something and for a moment in my career
for like two months or something I was
making like over a thousand dollars in
ad revenue on here and then all of a
sudden and I hadn't gotten over like 600
and now now I'm at 3 dollars a day so
it's like 80 bucks it's so bad the ad
revenue thing just like fucked me in the
ass I absolutely despise kids and I will
never have a kid no yes I'm an only
child I'm very a very a very fucking
spoiled only child which I am very
thankful for my parents for first
cartoon crush was James from Pokemon I
would say he was my crush Oh
for so long like still now I'm like
James I listen to some country music
yeah what hurts the most by Rascal
Flatts is probably one of my favorite
country songs of all time so good I had
a boyfriend named Jared some of you guys
might have heard about him he was a
complete asshole and he hated metal and
he hated rock so the only thing we could
agree upon because I hate rap was a
country music so I got into country
music at that point because that was the
only shit I could stand and yeah what do
you think of Macau I don't know from my
perspective make to how it's kind of
just like a response to the fucking
awfulness
feminism and Macau seems to be more like
this is what I'm going to do with my
life I'm going to be self-sufficient and
I'm not going to let a woman manipulate
me and it's more like a personal thing
than it is like we need to change the
world like feminists and like you can do
whatever you want I don't care whatever
you want to do with your ideologies and
the way you want to live just fucking do
it I'm happy for you and so I don't I
haven't learned a lot about McTell
though so that's just my initial
perception from the community why you
did that licking you were walking waking
the lion in me I don't know I read it a
little bit more English than you
actually made it I'm sorry what is the
music like you got to listen to the more
poppy country music or the older country
music otherwise you're gonna get some
like weird redneck shit it's I know I
don't play guitar hero I have friends
who are like really into that boom boom
boom I haven't listened a new country in
a while I haven't been exploring country
I am I'm free to listen to the music
that I love the most so it's all just
metal and rock and stuff don't worry
about other people's comments I will
adjust for about five more minutes
have you made time to play games on the
switch and have you found a game you
like no I haven't been playing the
switch at all I have barely any time to
do any personal gaming or any personal
anything at all so I've just been
playing persona 5 persona 5 is amazing I
love it but everything these days is
tailored to kids and Jay pointed it out
to me
and now I can't get it out of my head
that like they tell you the objective
and how to play the game like a hundred
times over and they go over things like
you're a fucking child and that's the
one like faux pas I have with the game
is so it's one problem I have with the
game I like most accents I haven't been
watching a tag on Titan because as far
as I know
the whole what to call this now the
whole season is now and I don't like
watching things episode two episodes
don't like watching it I currently don't
drive because fuck that
and I never bought myself a new car it's
just not like a priority favorite thing
in the world I can't live without J
other favorite thing I can't live
without it would have to be one thing if
I say if I say a certain game or
something then I don't have the console
to play it on or I don't have the PC to
play it on and if I say like my computer
I'm not gonna have the games on the
computer so I don't fucking know dude
all my shit any lifestyle decisions you
regret not lifestyle decisions no I
think things out and I you know I know
what I want it's not easy it's not hard
for me to know what I want and to not
make mistakes
at least in the last like six years
thought Santana mojo idubbbz drama from
a few months ago Tana mojo used to be
someone I watched a lot now she seems
like a fucking retard to me and I
unsubscribed even before that drama she
can do her a thing but she seems real
fake to me now I don't know and how she
handled the whole n-word shit's well I'm
just fucking awful oh my god so bad no
one should ever say that word in the
series three Oh awful yes and Danny D
he's so fucking skinny though like he's
got a nice dick but he's so fucking
skinny that like he's always skinnier
and like bright paper white pale next to
all the girls like he's skinnier than
the girls oh my god
favorite console past or present my ps4
pros pretty cool I upgraded to the pro
recently but if we're going with past
god it's so hard because there are
periods of my life like the ps1 was an
amazing period in my life the n64 was
really integral in my social life
because I would fucking play a Mario
Party in Mario Kart with like everyone
but then there's a the ps1 with things
like the obscure games that I loved like
machine Hunter in my childhood there was
the fucking Super Nintendo that had the
fucking the Mario fucking all-stars
cartridge that has my favorite game of
all time on it which is Super Mario 3
it's just like so hard oh my god I love
so many consoles but the one that I have
the fondest memories with I would say is
the Game Gear the Game Gear was a sobei
i la I played the game gear over a Game
Boy for a long time
even though I did have Game Boys and
stuff and then I started playing a
Pokemon and I couldn't put that shit
down because Pokemon I was like addicted
to Pokemon I was younger and I was like
the only one nobody knew what it was I
was like guys Pokemon and I was into it
like before the games and everything so
yeah I thought some porn companies
faking big cumshots
I am fine with a fake stuff and porn I
like high production I like the best of
that world so I want the biggest cumshot
even if it's not realistic like the best
looking girl even if she's photoshopped
like I don't care about that like the
best lighting the best camera stuff the
the best like orgasms that look real but
they might be fake I don't care you know
I just like the best of stuff if I'm
going to be watching something if it's
going to be content I obviously know
that I'm not there I'm not experiencing
it so I'd rather just watch the best of
everything you know here's a joke for
you Tara what does the Internet Explorer
do it installs Firefox that's good I use
Chrome though
but yes Firefox infinitely better than
Internet Explorer I don't think anyone
uses Internet Explorer oh dude oh
there's a hole in your compression pants
meant for shitting or fucking all
shitting obviously or peeing it's all
the way up to my vagina and stuff mm-hm
I know I don't get a Xbox stuff anymore
I stopped after the 360 I had an
original Xbox and I had 360 then I
realized I never played them so I didn't
get the Xbox one I was like fuck it
unless something amazing is on it then
you know unless some thing there's like
an amazing exclusive or something
I prefer vaginal sex I feel like most
women prefer vaginal sex and less is lip
unless it's like a fetish or something
because you know our vagina has the the
clitoris is next to it and sometimes the
nerve endings of the clitoris can be
inside the vagina you can come from
vaginal intercourse there are very very
very very very few people who can come
from anal alone I mean only 1/4 of women
can come from vaginal alone so you know
unless you just like being stretched out
or something or it's a fetish
you're probably gonna like vaginal sex
Windows is still pushing Internet
Explorer because they can't just admit
defeat they have to have a built-in
browser huh
favorite band of the Pink Floyd I have a
lot of favorite bands you know things
like Lamb of God never been DP'd by two
men I've never had a man man woman
threesome BBG I like TP with a with a
toy though I don't know chrome is just
amazing to me like I would say chrome is
the Mercedes or whatever the analogy is
oh yeah this knows Microsoft edge I
noticed that on my new laptop because my
laptop is Windows whatever the fuck 10
Nate's whatever what does being cream
pad feel like annoying
I don't like cream pie in real life or
in porn it feels like you're leaking
yeah do I still practice German no big
balls I've got big balls this is better
than college I'm being educated and I'm
learning
pound pound it Oh
never look a little ah if the peepee is
small shitting won't be painful no
shitting would be easier because you're
stretched out for a little bit ah perky
and round what's the difference perky
just means up like not saggy I did not
play my guitar I don't have time to
learn dude thoughts on the u.s. bombing
Syria uh I think people who care about
that stuff who are actually empower
probably don't know what the fuck
they're doing or what the outcome is
going to be and I don't even care about
it so there's no way I could have an
opinion so many people have opinions on
things they should not have opinions on
because they have not researched it and
they know nothing about it they don't
have any insider info and they're just
making opinions and pulling it out of
their assholes and then sticking to it
like the fucking plague la I hate that
shit going off of fake news Carol acting
as if their opinion will matter or their
vote will matter I don't like any of
that shit Rula I still have the gigantic
s box so it's probably not gonna take
too long you just take him apart his arm
his head and his uh both of his arms and
his head come off and then you take him
off the stand and I have the like foam
that he goes into oh I don't get cream
paid for a one-night stand because I
would never let a guy into my vagina
without a condom if we're doing a
one-night stand fuck that I'm not trying
to get AIDS
it's terrible people act like sluts like
not that I'm a slut but if I were a slut
people act like sluts are oh my god so
many STDs that's why you shouldn't be a
slot - no just fucking practice safe sex
and don't be a fucking retard you're
perfectly fine having a bunch of sex and
having a bunch of sexual partners thank
you Steve oh man Wow
yes no thanks to leakage I mean I I do
it occasionally with Jay but it's been a
really long time especially because I do
not want to risk getting pregnant like I
would just fucking and kill myself
no I would just abort but I don't want
to have to do that a massive body is I
don't mind a little bit of body fat as
long as you have a really solid really
big foundation of muscle underneath I
have seen a lot of the come tributes
people do to me I'm very I'm
appreciative thank you guys very
flattering very sweet I love that I can
get that rise out of you oh oh yes yeah
you guys are so much fun I could do this
forever
but I probably shouldn't okay so I was
gonna go like straight to streaming on
Twitch after this but um I think I'm
going to take a little break in between
and get a snack or something because I'm
not feeling amazing and I want to be
able to stream a long time so if you
guys want to follow me on Twitch turn on
notifications and stuff I'll it'll show
when I go live or whatever I would
appreciate a follow there yeah I stream
most days on Twitch and the last couple
days I've been doing like nine hour ten
hours streams and stuff just hanging out
with you guys playing viewer games and
playing don't starve playing new games
sometimes playing League so oh my god I
just noticed Keith thank you for the
super chat yay
so sweets you're so sweet I appreciate
it
um I never your wife feels better
without a condom but if you have one it
feels weird
okay so having your dick wrapped in a
plastic bag instead of being able to
feel the warmth and the slickness and
just the ridges of the vagina and I get
to feel like the shape of the head and
how hard it is and like condoms never
fit well like even if they're it's just
like you you miss a lot of the intimacy
and a lot of the it's not easy to come
on someone's face it's you know not if
you're into cream pie it's not easy to
cream pie like it's just stupid I don't
like condoms at all and a lot of people
say that it's just like a thing that
guys don't like but girls don't like it
either or at least a lot of girls who
like sex don't like it either because
you're missing out on a lot of them and
you have to like oh wait let me put on a
condom boo like it's it's stupid I don't
like it um rubber tongue would suck a
ton of cock but you as a slave can I'll
talk about other slaves who the fuck do
you think you are alpha slave the fuck
I've never watched just kidding news why
do I like facials it's a male domination
thing it's a psychological male
domination thing I think also I really
like comics it tastes good
I don't like facials on my eyelashes or
in my eyes though because that hurts and
it ruins my eyelashes so you have a
careful man but um still overall the
experience is good if that does happen
to happen yeah but condoms still don't
feel good even with Lube it's not about
the Lube it's not like it's your just
chafing it in there like that that's an
obvious rate you gotta use that Lube hey
I'm Irish not like from there or
anything not even like second-generation
but hey I'm Welsh Irish and Native
American so cool wear glasses right
that's kind of like a hot like nerdy
fetish I just put on some fucking
Gunners like oh baby oh baby Ella I
would be
pretty good maybe don't get it in the
eyelashes no I have a problem with my
finger strength when trying to play
guitar honestly I want to learn to play
bass I'm Way more interested in based on
guitar faketaxi UK I think I've seen a
few faketaxi videos I don't watch porn
hub pornhub is a inferior to this site I
forget the name of the site they changed
her name recently but there's a site
that has like a compilation of the best
porn from all different sites and stuff
doo-doo-doo-doo I gained weight like
five years ago and now I'm just losing
weight so I don't know you're talking
about I love Netflix do you yes I have
Netflix I also have Amazon Prime video
and I thought there was a spider like
freaked out oh my god it's all about the
bass no treble no I don't like any of
those like just one-off sites I like the
the compilation sites that have stuff
from browsers have stuff from xhamster
it's just like a compilation of all of
the videos you can get all around the
web from a specific porn star it has a
list of all of the porn stars it used to
be called H porn stars now it's called
something else I don't remember what
it's called
how tight is my pussy relatively tight I
don't know J says my pussy is one of the
tighter of pussies I don't know if it's
like tight tightest but tighter it's not
it is hard to lose weight if you're
addicted to food or if you don't um
understand your caloric intake but it's
it's not too hard do-do-do-do-do never
been raped never been molested best way
to lose weight fuckin expel more
calories than you intake every single
day by a small margin so you're not
starving yourself very very easy as long
as you can get over the psychological
aspect which I can't win Jay's always
like let's go
oh man a little bit mmmm a lot right now
Chili Peppers is fun I like some other
stuff do you love it up the arse I love
the way that's worded so British I like
ball gags I like I have a I like two
leashes I have a black leash and a pink
leash and it's like a fuzzy leash that
goes around your neck and then it has
like an actual it's like a dog leash but
with a fuzzy collar I like that shit set
up to her this is my setup I'm gonna do
a house tour one of my one of my friends
slash viewers she's like a cosplay cam
girl she's really hot she requested that
I do one last house tour
excuse me almost burped one last house
tour before I before I move out and I'm
like alright fine fine I'll do it for
you baby girl
why do I sound depressed I I don't have
no idea I've never been depressed well I
was depressed I guess when I was a
teenager because you know teenage angst
or whatever but literally never been
depressed
future plans on plastic surgery um I
want to go I knows we're done at some
point but I don't have any prospects
right now all I want to do is a just
lose weight just focus on the aesthetic
of my body I now have the the leg shape
that I want so now it's all about the
weight loss that's all I'm doing
yeah Jays playing League is a playing
Eve and they're killing people in the
jungle I don't have teamspeak i use
discord you can get on my discord server
if you're a patron or if you subscribe
to me on Twitch and i talk to people
there and we chill and we play games is
awesome watch my video on sex in public
if you want to learn about all the
places i had sex in public I've had sex
in the the staircase of my apartment
building staircase of hotels full hot
tubs and there's a funny story about a
Jay and I having sex in a pool in a
hotel pool that um you can watch it's
what is it
coolsex fail is what it's called a sex
video I would join the mile-high club
but uh yeah that's why I said my nose
redone um I would join the mile-high
club but the bathrooms are so tiny and
flying is just like I hate it so much
good I don't know nothing happened to my
neck what happened to my neck are you
talking about can I be British that's
what Jay says all the time he loves
British chicks
it so said I could ever do it spoil a
team crumpets Guv'nor
there you go I did it sex in the water
sucks it's awful you're leaking like
like cream pie for a while and you can
get an STI um a fucking what's it called
what's it called I'm blanking now UTI
urinary tract infection really easily
from having sex in water because it's
chlorine and it's so fucking dirty and
you're just forcing water up into your
vagina next to your fucking urethra or
whatever I've tried to face app and face
app always uh always makes me look when
I turn when I turn myself into a dye it
always makes me look like a fat balding
dude with a like shit beard oh my god
like they hate me there or something oh
yeah I have like - I think $25 subs on
Twitch and like 2 or 3 $10 subs let me
show you what my nose looked like before
I have a picture on imgur I think in gir
the most awesome images on the gap the
Gipper gag whack alright all of them to
do oops and me do that gosh open this
alright this is what like this is like a
really fucking disgusting picture of me
I've come so far aesthetically but uh
there you go there's my natural nose my
natural lips but overlined the weird
teeth that I had I look so much older
they're like oh my god I look so much
older but I really
hated the way I did my spray tan but
that's the body size I like oh yes the
camera I use here is a 5d Mark 3 Canon
it's a DSLR and the lens is a canon EF
16 to 35 millimeter Thank You Reed white
I appreciate it
I agree dude I've never felt like I was
like ever super ugly no there's no
that's actually a hundred percent
unedited picture that I posted I've
always seen my appearance is just a
something something that I want to
improve something that's like a
challenge something that's fun aesthetic
it's my canvas
it's like art to me I've never been like
like maybe when I was like a really
young tween or something but like people
always act like a plastic surgeon you
must be so insecure I mean you got a
hitch in like your natural self like
okay everyone does something for their
appearance they all like fucking dye
their hair or like put a bun in their
hair to make it look a certain way or
wear certain clothes it's no different
and it's not as like scariest people act
like it is by Benji thank you so much
professionally whitened dude I fucking
did you not watch my Friday night mail
where I responded to your comment Wow I
featured you as one of the three fucking
questions
I say out is Oh so rude so rude hmm
thank you Joe Wentz it's my first time
doing Dutch braids they're kind of shit
but whatever imagine if you could have
sex without ever being tired how would
people act I don't think people stopped
having sex because they get tired it's
because the refractory period after they
orgasm Wow
well I picked your comment I'm not going
to answer it here because you have to
watch it oh you neg stop playing destiny
I'm gonna
I'm gonna make you a moderator just cuz
you don't have to stay here in moderate
just I can see you better
oh what the fuck oh he's not one there
now over here moderator
well my nose itches like crazy you know
like being facebooked Oh ma'am oh happy
late birthday Joe whoo yay I hope you
had a wonderful birthday last Wednesday
oh you too Brad boycott it fucked me in
the ass but thank fucking Shenron for
patreon oh my god
oh shit Makayla you're not one either
sorry about that there you go
I make $3 a day now an ad Rev yay so
rich how do you have a good blowjob no
teeth the hand movements lots of lots of
fucking throat lube deep throat it learn
to control your gag reflex be
enthusiastic about it enjoy it oh yes oh
yes all right thank you I'm glad you
appreciate my ass yeah YouTube's a dirty
bitch dirty fucking cunt bitch dude I
don't know I don't really have time to
watch movies when I watch movies that
often no problem Joe okay I think I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go chill for a bit
and then I'll be on Twitch so if you
guys want to come watch me play I think
I'm gonna play little nightmares today
and maybe some viewer games so if you
guys want to come hang out with me
follow my twitch channel oh wow what is
the eye contact ratio while fucking I
don't know depends what if I'm doing
doggy sale I serve you makes you look
better unless you wanted to duh but say
an ugly girl slash guy uses less surgery
to make yourself look better and
at 2:00 what that's not a question I
understand did you not have enough like
characters I think the limit is 200
characters or something dude yeah
hopefully what what you mean yeah I
played Alice - I don't like first person
games I hate at last and it's like
annoyingly harder than out last one so I
just like quit I'm like fuck it
I wish I could give my Steam games to
other people I would like do a giveaway
or something just fucking give it a I
appreciate it
oh yeah I would sing I like vimi's
features a lot but vimi's pandering to
smaller creators that are bitching about
my content a little bit and even though
it feels more like a community and stuff
it's like I don't know yeah you're still
bisexual dude if you find anything
attractive about the same sex I would
say you're bisexual or bicurious or
something like you know you just want to
try it out see what's up dick is very
aesthetic it's very fun I don't blame
you for wanting to suck a dick dude I
like sucking a dick with AD boycott stop
you from doing YouTube eventually nope
because I have patreon yay I mean I make
$0 like there's nothing else that can
happen for me to stop doing YouTube it's
like $0 60 bucks I can buy like a sixty
to ninety bucks a month now I can buy
well like a shirt or something I mean
it's a nice little tiny bit of stuff but
oh my good I know right warmongers is
fucking awful dude you should be getting
$14 minimum for that many views like
what the fuck oh yeah I don't really
care about evolution of looks I would
rather everyone just you know looks
really good right now whether or not
it's natural and the next generation can
be slightly ugly or something I mean the
naturally pretty people are still going
to get fucked such as everyone's going
to get fucked and further their genes
than
with that I really don't care about that
I don't care about the furthering of our
species or the next generation of people
or anything like that if you want to get
plastic surgery get it if you want to
look better why the fuck not
ya know only the top like one percenters
get a lot of money and if you are a
controversial at all you don't get any
money like my ad rep is always sucked
but now it's like oh my god worse you
want me to say the fan service friday
intro hey guys welcome to a new episode
of fanservice friday the show that has
nothing to offer other than gratuitous
fanservice with the message you should
never take yourself too seriously and
you should have fun with your sexuality
illallah there you go ha ha I don't know
why you wanted that but it sounded fun
so why not well I fish on my dildos did
she fucking I'll have to get up and I'm
lazy as fuck hell yeah we're talking
about eugenics why not eugenics and
dildos what the fuck I don't know why
people are ok so there was one of the
Bill Nye I want to start watching the
Bill Nye show even though there's cringe
enos about it I feel like I would enjoy
it I would be able to take I would be
able to extract the interestingness from
it and ignore the cringy SJW pandering
bullshit but um there was a episode they
say on basically eugenics where um they
talk about how you can you know you can
engineer kids away from certain diseases
but you can also hypothetically make
like the perfect baby I think that's
really interesting I don't know why
we're so like oh my god that's morally
morally reprehensible oh my god like I
think great dude use science to make us
better stronger faster and you know stop
only making perfection in a I make it in
real life dude come on with the fuck was
last time I suck dick only yesterday day
before fuck I suck dick like a lot
ah it's fun dude tit it's fun
ter are you doing great you are earning
a reputation of giving more than you
receive like Bill Gates keep giving more
than you receive but always charge your
services
good advice good advice harder oh my god
the hammer still in use no I use the
hammer I don't like the the ridges the
ridges feel weird it's a rich it's a
nice size though it is a nice size 9
inches unsung hero
no I'm not Swedish I'm Irish Welsh a
Native American I would say that I uh
I guess I do look a little bit Swedish
like naturally when I'm like a when I
was like a child or something yeah I
don't know maybe like far far back or
something but I think it's just a
coincidence I mean Irish and British
people when they have a little bit more
pigmented skin because I do have Native
American in me so I'm not as like pale
scary redheaded my mom's more of a
redhead than I am
yeah I still need to send you the pic of
the strap on but you're like so not
worth my time then I don't care all
right all right
all right I'm gonna go Oh what used
Botox on the first time I don't know use
Botox is but I'm pretty sure that my mom
and dad wouldn't be a part of me using
my botox
I like sucking dick better than titty
fucking I'll do another moaning
fanservice Friday especially now that I
have like a really nice microphone so
yeah that that's something I totally
forgot about that thank you for
reminding me oh yeah I was talking like
this is how I do it I grew up with guys
I was I was like a daddy's girl too my
dad wanted me to do sports we played
video games together and then all my
guys were friends I identify more with I
always thought that like inside of me
I'm more of a guy like my identity
I'm not talking about like identity
politics and me having a different
gender than I was assigned to then my
sex or whatever but um if I woke up a
guy I would just start on the path of
being my aesthetic version of a guy I
wouldn't be like I wish I was a woman
again in fact in many ways I feel like I
you know identify more with males than I
do as a female and I feel like I like
the balance that I have where I like
aesthetics I like some girly things I
like cute things um I like being a woman
and stuff but I could also be a pretty
great man dude I could do both oh yes
no more fanservice Friday on YouTube
sorry I'm not going to moan for 10
seconds no no no I'm mo a rubbing clit
definitely over fingering fingering it
Oh like there's nothing you can do with
your fingers that you can't fucking do
better with a toy or a penis I don't
understand people who enjoy fingering
like a lot I do like pussy how did you
know okay I'm going I'm going for real
I'm gonna go take a break then I'll be
on twitch twitch follow me there I love
you guys so much thank you for watching
I really appreciate it for all of my
patrons thank you for making this
possible or for making this you know
reward happen and for making my career
possible you guys are fucking amazing
and in the light of the new ad Rev will
shit it's very very helpful and I'm
eternally grateful to you guys
especially in this time where I'm trying
to move in transition so thank you so
much to everyone on my patreon thank you
for watching anyone who is here anyone
who subscribes to my channel enjoys my
content you guys are fucking awesome
I'll see you next time bye guys
thank you
you
