for those of you wondering what's wrong
with me today I know you guys will
mostly be girls but I went a little
overboard on the bronze highlighter I
decided to just put it literally all
over my face so if you see anything off
or if I'm shining really brightly or
look like I'm super sweaty that's the
reason experimentation is key so who
cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to the Friday community show
Friday night male today we're going to
be giving away some shit answering you
guys's questions and opening some
packages before we start let's show you
what packages I have I kind of like to
do this I'm going to start doing this
because I'll let you guys know what
you're in for how long you're going to
have to sit through me opening packages
which is my favorite part of it might
not be you guys's this is something we
have this is something we have two bags
three bags a box from Sean black and the
bag box so three bags a box on a bag box
let's go ahead and answer your questions
and yes before you ask I am always
trying new hairstyles and I decided to
do like a mini French braid thing on the
top that I just fluffed up to hell and a
ponytail I don't like my hair up but I
know a lot of you guys do and I like to
switch it up so why not the first
question comes from Savannah Gibson
question what do you think of DD /lg
would you try it love your channel by
the way heart
Thank You Savannah cool spelling of your
name so DD /lg if you guys don't know is
daddy I don't know what the second D is
for maybe like daddy domination or
something slash a little girl oh I can't
stand having glossy lips anymore anyway
so this is basically a fetish where you
pretend like there's a daddy Dominator
and you are a little girly like oh no
please don't punish me I'm on yo-yo girl
type of thing for me there's a huge
disconnect there between sexuality and
acting like I'm having sex or doing
sexual things with my family members
some people are completely fine with
that and I'm not saying that everyone
who's into this kind of role play or
anyone who calls their dude daddy in bed
has subsequently in any way been
involved in or okay with incestuous
relationships like actual incestuous
relationships
for me I can't separate the two it's
very weird to me I don't call guys daddy
in bed or papi or anything like that and
I'm not really into the daddy
little-girl domination thing it's just
not me I do like taking the whole
familial aspect out of it and the whole
like helpless aspect out of it well at
least more helpless than I am and I love
being dominated by a guy who actually
has the stature and strength to dominate
me the whole domination rapes strong man
big man fetish that I have probably
wouldn't work with a guy who's really
short and really tiny it's not an act to
me it's more like I'm actually seeing
someone dominate me who has the power to
dominate me hope that answers your
question I have nothing against anyone
who has this fetish or who is into it
and as I said it has nothing to do
fucking shut up computer it has nothing
to do with actual incest it's just
something to me that rubs me the wrong
way and I know a lot of girls who call
their male significant others daddy in
bed or papi completely fine if you do
that I just don't moving on to the next
question my phone's falling asleep
because it's at low battery surprise
surprise
Valentina's asks why did you not pursue
a further education you are clearly
intelligent okay so I know this is going
to rub a lot of people the wrong way but
I think in today's society in this day
and age in the u.s. it's kind of stupid
to go for further education higher
education not only do universities seem
to be rampant with social justice but
it's just a bad return on investment
when most companies really just want you
to have experience and an education I
don't know how the job market is anymore
because Jay is not currently looking for
a job but back when he was having two
masters degrees and a bachelor's in
networking electronic engineering and in
business project management it was very
hard for him to find a job and he was
just sitting there with a ton of debt
however I do feel like there is a
demographic of people a lot of people
actually that would not be able to
succeed and further themselves in the
workforce or in a job or career of any
kind without higher education and having
that diploma but as far as intelligence
I know a lot of really stupid people
have degrees
I think intelligence should not be
conflated with a higher education or any
kind of formal education because you can
definitely educate yourself and the
people who are intelligent enough and
have the drive enough to learn more
they're going to do so on their own
whether or not they have a formal
education I know a lot about a lot of
things and I'm really good at a lot of
things and most of those things I'm
self-taught in what I want to learn
about something I don't usually want to
learn it from a textbook or from some
guy who's going to try to
dr. Nate me with his own perspective and
if you went to college and college
worked out for you and everything's
great
more power to you I want you all to be
happy and follow your own paths that
work for you for me a higher education
was going to be something that I was
forced to do if I needed it for
qualifications for some kind of job it
would not be something that I enjoy
structured schooling is really awful for
me I just there in class and wait and
then go home and teach myself all the
curriculum so yeah also thank you for
the compliment of saying that I'm
clearly intelligent I appreciate that
next warmongers Inc what's up by the way
I got your email and I haven't had time
to reply to it I'm so sorry I didn't get
you the intro but I'll get it to you
soon anyway he says Tara what do you do
to make your teeth so white professional
whitening or something you did at home
I know odd question but I wanted to ask
you this for a long time you are a few
years older than me I sure can tell as
someone who is brushing his teeth like
three times a day that won't make them
shiny and I doubt you were eating plants
and leaves for over 20 plus years well I
am a vegetarian but that has nothing to
do with it I naturally have pretty white
teeth what I have done to make my teeth
better is my two front teeth are
actually the nears will more accurately
crown I broke them when I was younger
and then I had composite buildup on
there for a while which is basically
just like them trying to get o'leary
create my teeth and then because I had a
root canal and one of the teeth that I
broke off it started to yellow so for a
while I had like one yellowish brownish
tooth which you can see in my older
older videos in some lights only but
throughout that whole time where the
rest of my teeth were super white I
didn't do anything it's just natural I
did however when I went in to get my
crowns I got my teeth whitened as white
as I possibly could get them and the guy
was telling me how he's not quite sure
if I can get the Hollywood white but I
was able to do it
apparently it's a genetic thing there
are a lot of people that have naturally
really yellow teeth or just like an
off-white ish color it all has to do
with you and your teeth but I can't
attest to the fact that any of those
strips are things that you can buy at
the grocery store are not going to work
at least in a tangible way might make a
slight difference or help you maintain
something you did at the dentist but I
think the best way to go is to follow
one of those systems that you see posted
on Instagram personally I use
opalescence but opalescence is the thing
where you go to the doctor and you get
it administered for like 30 minutes and
actually can make your teeth really
sensitive and kind of heart it's like
really strong and then they give you
these little syringes and they mold a
mouth plate for you and they send you
home with that so you can maintain it as
I said I haven't been maintaining it
very much but if you want to try you can
buy opalescence little injectable things
and then just get
mouth tray and try to do it at home hope
that helps alright guys the winner of
this week's giveaway is dr. porkchops
AKA Matt congratulations dr. pork chops
yeah dr. pork chops wanted an autograph
eight by ten which I'm going to send to
him probably tomorrow or the next day or
maybe I'll wait until I send out the
batch of patreon autographs images not
sure yet but thank you so much dr. pork
chops your support means everything to
me especially your awesome art images
here are a few he's a badass I'm glad he
won and no I did not cheat it's
automatically chosen alright if you guys
want to sign up for this week's giveaway
you can get an autographed eight by ten
a merch item of your choice or a steam
game of your choice all you have to do
is click the link in the description
it'll be at the top saying like but I'm
giveaway : you just click that link
that's after the : follow the
instructions get your entries let's move
on let's open some packages the first
thing we're going to be opening is this
this I'm hyper now all of a sudden I had
a headache and then I took a headache
pill and now I'm feeling good and the
disparity between feeling like shit and
starting to feel good oh it's so nice
opening this oh my god no way
oh this is a wandering bikini isn't it
oh my god oh my god okay so I am putting
a bunch of bikinis on my wish list and I
actually bought myself a bunch of
bikinis that are nerdy and this is a one
ring one piece bikini we have to put
this on like we have to we can't not put
this on I am wearing my compression
garment right now which sucks because
then I can't show off my actual ass but
we have to at least put this on over my
bra we have to do it
oh my god guys oh my god oh my god you
guys I love it so much it's amazing it's
absolutely everything I wanted it to be
and more I can't wait to do the try on
video of all of these bikinis but
they're so fucking awesome I cannot wait
to show you I would take off my bra for
this but it would require me taking off
my compression garment and then it'll be
awkward but whatever we're going to wear
this for the rest of the video because
it's fucking awesome there can only be
one oh yes makes a good thumbnail almost
there we go
oh yeah moving on we've got this package
by the way thank you so much Riverside
just to me came from Japan or China so I
don't know who sent it but thank you
both in the comments I'll know if you're
lying but post in the comments of you oh
no way oh no way guys no way we might
have to take off the compression garment
for this one oh I care I really love
your channel and the content you make
this is my first time ever sending
someone a gift I popped your cherry oh
my god I hope you like this gift and I
hope to see you wear this during fan
service Friday stay beautiful from
Tiffany Tiffany you guys know what this
is right not only is it my next fan
service Friday it is the motherfucking
the mother fucking virgin killer sweater
oh my god we're gonna have some fun with
this oh you know what we're gonna have
some fucking fun with it I'm so excited
I'm like I am so hyped for this this is
going to be so sick
oh my god this is perfect I cannot wait
can you guys wait because I cannot wait
I am going to save this for my patrons
if you guys want to support me on
patreon my ad revenue is now $3 a day so
if you guys want to support on patreon I
would appreciate it also fucking virgin
killer sweater for the next fanservice
Friday that's next week on Friday I also
posted this week's fanservice Friday
teas which is the in-between week so if
you guys want to check it out oh and I
also have a subscriber option on bid
move it makes fucking awesome it allows
you to subscribe or to tip specific
video so if you guys want to check that
out and my tits flopping out or my kids
my pendulous kitchen look sloppy
guys guys I really appreciate this Thank
You Tiffany
this is going to be so fucking sick oh I
just recently heard about this - I had
no ideas this is like a weed thing but I
am so hyped to see my ass crack
he's it as a towel for all the jizz I'm
gonna procure while wearing it let's do
this
Wow I swear I'm not on any actual
illicit drugs it's just I'm feeling good
today I'm going to play don't starve
together together with my friends after
this which is one of my favorite
activities right now like literally I
used to dislike that game well I thought
it was really cute but I used to think
that it was really pointless as well
because like I didn't know how to play
it very well but now it's like
everything and amazing what is this oh
we got more out like this is more our
living these are really soft they look a
lot like the other a legging
Zoe Deary me these are so fucking
stretchy - ice - these on sorry but the
legging oh my goodness
six pairs of clothing and I still don't
have a butt right now don't have a butt
because I got Rick whoever got me these
you're a fucking bad-ass these are so
cute let me show you in blad how there's
like an owl staring up at me it's like
oh my god it's so adorable look at this
I will just staring up at me as a king
hey are you whoo oh my god I love owls
so much thank you oh oh but there's
another one by my quote there's two baby
owls actually in my puss and then the
one up here I don't even notice oh so
good thank you so fucking much Oh guys
don't forget yesterday's video I'm
giving away some terrible cock March I'm
giving away three sets
that's for three sets so you should
check that out sign up it's free of
course and we've got something from
Shaun black I don't I still don't have a
oh alright guys I found one I think Jay
fucking stole it from me let's restart
this Oh actually it's at 20 I usually
restarted near 30 because it'll stop
itself at 30 and then I'll really
realize what I'm not fucking filming and
only murder everyone
Nintendo switch afterglow level 1 chat
communicator holy shit in which games do
you need this
you are the relied Call of Duty style
games are like overwatch style games on
the switch or can I use these as just
headphones for the switch as well well
obviously I can use any headphones to
switch but thank you dude this is
awesome it's like a hugely unexpected
gift
oh it's like a legit one ear headset
let's see what it looks like on me I'm
gonna look like diva or something oh
shit calling all units my titties out
how did this even happen there we go
like when it creases like that there's
like a shadow right next to and everyone
always think this is my nipple but my
nipples here and then the areolas like
we're not when our anyway this is pretty
fucking cool oh yeah I like it it's
comfy do not return the product where
you purchase it from if you have
questions setting up this product or
experiencing any issues contact PDP
customer service who see double
penetration all right moving on I don't
know what this is this is like nothing
there's nothing in here how do I open
this properly oh this is the thing I
bought Jay I actually tried to it's been
so long since I bought it I bought it in
like January so I tried to put like a
stop payment on it but now I'm going to
have to contact my credit-card company I
actually bought this for Jay you have to
see it Jay's favourite game of all time
of all time is Final Fantasy 7 this is
an amazing thing by the way oh my god
I'm so excited to get this out I'm sad
that I told him about it I told him
about it because I I needed to call the
credit-card company and like I just tell
him like you're not going to get this
cool thing that I bought for you but oh
my god this is so cool I can't wait to
put this up in our new house this is a
working Final Fantasy 7 o'clock with
Sephiroth sticking the mana mone through
fucking cloud and it's made out of an
old vinyl record how fucking cool is
this thing I absolutely adore it I saw
it and immediately bought it for Jay it
was like 60 bucks or something forty
bucks I'm not sure but oh my god this is
going to look so good on the wall of our
new place like oh my god guys I just
realized well Jay realized it says Final
Fantasy
six what the fuck and I was 100% sure
that when I bought it it's at seven so I
checked and it does this place I don't I
don't recommend them by the way like
they took literally four or five months
to send this out to me and then they
said it was a finalized thing right away
like this is so cool but the fact that
it says six it's just also lie also this
is paper and in here doesn't it look
like it's not paper I don't know if you
can see through Vlad but novelty fire
you guys want to look at it I'm pissed
that it's at six
J I'm pissed J I bought this for J and I
feel like a failure oh my god how do I
make it start I need to put like one
battery in it how fucking cool this is
like a really fucking cool gift right
like I saw this and I was like four J
also I cannot wait for the remake J and
I are actually going to play their
original before the remake again which
will be my like third time playing it in
his like seventh time playing it alright
guys I hope you enjoyed this episode I'm
sorry if I was a little bit obnoxious or
annoying when I get hyper some people
accuse me of being sake or being put on
but I have these moods I have the chill
let's talk about my life and do whatever
mood I have the raging game mood and I'm
always animated like this it's just
something I enjoy and who I am today if
I felt hyper and wanted to be ridiculous
and over-the-top I decided to do it
because fuck it right and if I felt like
showing off my tits are being like woo
and engaging in some kind of fanservice
so we it's something I wanted to do I
would never do anything and I would
never expect anyone else to do anything
that goes against their morals morals
are in fact subjective so there's no
reason for anyone to push their personal
beliefs on anyone else just enjoy your
life do what you want and strive for
goals and reach those fucking goals of
your own volition I love you guys so
much I'll see you in the next video
which should be on Monday I think and
I'll see you on stream to a show TV
flash Tara Babcock all of my other links
will be in the description as well as
the link to the giveaway I love you so
much thank you so much for watching and
I hope you enjoyed my bronze face I want
to learn how to do the bronze goddess
look a few people on disk or have been
showing me these bronze goddess pictures
and
so sexy all right just a little bit more
fanservice hi guys I love you so much
mwah thank you for everything you can't
believe a virgin killer sweater
