hey guys welcome to a life update video
if you guys are watching this on Friday
that means that I didn't have time to
make a frame at mail or a fan service
Friday because I'm recovering from a
little type of surgery that I had on
Wednesday
if this isn't Friday that you're
watching this or that it was close to
just disregard this entire message also
if you're not interested in life updates
this is not the video for you so who
cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want okay so
this video is going to be about money
it's going to be about health it's going
to be about plastic surgery it's
basically just going to be a few updates
about my life that I wanted to share
with you guys I absolutely love you guys
and I love being completely 100%
transparent about everything that I'm
doing in my life and my moving and my
money and all that stuff so we're going
to talk about taxes money and all that
good stuff today I haven't given you
guys a proper life update for a while so
I decided to do today I only recorded my
unboxing of the persona 5 take your
heart' Premium Edition and I just really
want to film more because I love this
hair this is what my hair does after
wearing it in a braid for two days and
then taking it out and brushing it so
the top is kind of as I just spray like
what's it called fucking dry shampoo on
the top so that it didn't look really
greasy on the top but down here it's
just so nice it gives my my hair a
little bit of texture and body that does
naturally have because if you guys don't
know this about me I have perfectly
perfectly straight hair naturally which
everyone is always coveting but I'm
always coveting the opposite because
obviously the grass grows green
psychology type of shit of blah blah but
yeah if you guys hear the bus is out
there I apologize I'm not going to edit
this copy it I'm just going to ramble
and talk about shit and whatever pops
into my head that I want to update you
guys on I'm just going to talk about it
so I'm really pissed off because I had
these really tall trees I'm looking out
of my balcony right now it's beautiful
outside it's fresh and it has just
rained in Seattle and it's just like oh
I'm going to miss the evergreen trees
and their oxygen and everything about
Seattle but I know that the move to
Vegas is the correct choice is I'm going
to be able to have more money I'm going
to be able to say I'm going to have a
nice
their house and a bigger place to live
where I can film a bunch of different
types of videos I might even have a pool
where I can film in the pool and do like
bikini Hallman stuff it's going to be
really cool I'm going to have a bunch of
sets and it's going to be amazing so I
am really looking forward to the move I
guess that's the first thing I'm going
to update you guys on we're going to
talk about the move also as always 100
arbitrary hair points if you know what
this is most of you probably won't some
of you might if you know I've already
told you for something but I think even
magic players won't know what it is
which is pretty sad because this is my
favorite magic card so the move is going
down after June 26th and before July 1st
so July 1st is the last well I'm going
to hand in my keys and all my shit for
my apartment sometime after the 26th my
mom gets out of work on the 26th and
then we're going to pack everything up
and head straight down to Vegas my mom
will be driving a u-haul my dad will be
driving my pattern which is my first car
it's not operable right now I need to
you know pay a bunch of money to fix it
so I'm not gonna be able to drive it
down there myself and I don't really
want for that me miles on it Jay and I
are going to be driving in Jays car his
RX AIDS and it's going to be like a
little road trip that I'm hoping to do
like a lot of vlogging during and yeah
it's going to be nice it's going to be
fun we're saving a lot of money on
moving by not hiring movers we're not
doing a ton of money but we're saving
like 1 or 2 grand on moving by having my
parents do it and I think it'll be good
for my parents to get down to Vegas
they've never been on plane so they've
only taken trains and just driven places
so they've been to places like Montana a
few years ago when I was in high school
my mom and I took a train down to North
Dakota to see summer family and that's
like the extent to which my parents have
traveled my dad I think lived in LA for
a few years but I've never been on a
commercial of commercially flown flights
so I they're not gonna this time either
we're just kind of dumb I kind of wanted
them to fly down drop off the u-haul and
then our drive down and drop off the
u-haul and fly back but instead they're
taking my dad's truck everything is
panning out nicely I've found out that
it's going to be maybe like three or
four grand to move I talked to my real
estate agent and even though she isn't
to burst in dealing with people who are
self-employed she said that showing
my bank account statements and my at
least last year's tax return should be
good I made sure not to write off too
much actually I found out that I
couldn't write off that much because I'm
no longer classified as a model so I
can't write off things that I used to
write off before so I don't know if you
guys have seen this but I tweeted it
I actually owed $17,000 in back taxes
because as a self-employed person I can
choose to pay quarterly or I can choose
to pay at the end of the year and for
those of you asking yes that doesn't
mean that I made a decent amount but you
guys can always see it's pretty
transparent how much I make on patreon
and I posted how much I make on YouTube
which is literally zero like literally
almost zero like it's like less than
then it's 10 billion times less than a
minimum-wage job on just YouTube I
wouldn't be able to survive at all not
even close
so I'm really grateful for all the
people who are my twitch subscribers who
donate on Twitch and who support me on
patreon obviously I have a huge backing
on patreon and I am not any of this if
it's misconstrued as like being I don't
know how to explain it like if I'm if I
seem like I'm complaining I'm not
everyone has rough patches in their life
and I in their lives and I had no idea
that we were going to have a rough patch
right before I move where I have to pay
$17,000 to the IRS and I have to have
some in my account and I'm moving and
YouTube analytics are taking like five
six hundred dollars away from me that
what I was making on YouTube is now like
almost zero
clastic hundred dollars is it's a good
chunk of money and it was stuff that I
was saving to move and you know money is
going to be tight for a little bit
but I'm not complaining at all because
I'm so fucking lucky you guys don't even
understand like I never once take
anything about my life for granted my
life is absolutely perfect and everyone
goes through points in their lives where
they can't just you know buy the
plushies that they want or get the
surgery that we want I wouldn't have
gotten the face tightening procedure all
therapy if I had known that it was going
to be so tight but the good thing about
that is I had a back-up plan
I have credit cards that I've been
paying off and good credit and you know
money that I can put on there and if I
don't get to pay it off by the end of
the month
so be it I'll incur some interest and
I'll pay it off later I just got to save
I just got to make sure I'm doing things
right and oh I got something called okay
I don't know what it's actually called
but it's called self-employed and it's
like a it's like a little green app on
the phone I got it because I used
TurboTax and they were like do you want
this app you can get it for free for a
year and it's an app that tracks all of
my spending for my business so at the
end of the year when taxes roll around
I'll have like everything documented all
my receipts and everything so I'm really
excited about that I'm just taking more
control of my business and my life and I
fucking love that I love the fact that
when a little bit of hardship comes over
me or you know we're tight on money or
something comes up where I have to pay
for something out of the blue I can
definitely do it and I can still afford
to do the things that I want to do like
collect plushies and video games and do
the giveaways for you guys I'm not going
to stop doing any giveaways but I did
have to cut back on how much I give to
other content creators on patreon but
this is going to change and I'm going to
go back to giving to all the content
creators that I support on patreon
twitch on bid me I'm going to do get
more tips and stuff once I get to Vegas
and I know I'm settled but right now I'm
just saving so talking to my real estate
agent some of the few things are a few
of the things that she said that I
should be doing is I should have about
three times one month's worth of rent in
my bank account that's something they'd
like to see and currently I don't have
that much I mean no I have more than
that but I don't have a lot I of like
let's say four or five times my rent my
rent maximum the the cap that I put on
it is 1,800 to 2,000 a month right now
in this small apartment I'm paying 1,800
a month so two thousand wouldn't be too
much of a stretch at all and it would
get me a really really nice house with a
lot of square footage so I'm very
excited about that I'm excited to give
you the house tour the the road trip I
decided to just document everything
about my life this year this year is
been so exciting to me last year was
really perfect everything is just
panning out and there's nothing I can
complain about so again if this comes
off as complaining it's absolutely not
it's just the reality of things things
that I've been feeling and what I've
been
doing and dealing with now let's choke
on our spit let's talk about my health
issues so I haven't earner illogical
appointment on May 10th the thing I was
doing Wednesday I didn't even talk about
it I'm sorry uh so uh some of you guys
might not know this but I got lipo on my
legs and this was before Trisha Paytas
insta panca did it it was in December I
got some lipo on my legs and this is
something that I first consulted about
with my surgeon dr. Baxter around 19:00
and he said yeah you have a little bit
of stuff that we can remove in the legs
to give you the aesthetic that you
desire I have a certain aesthetic for
legs
I like legs to be thicker at the top but
just like shapely but then thinner at
the knee and at my knee I had a lot of
like I had a fat pad on my knee so I
shaped those up a little bit a while
back and there's still a persistent
little fat pad on my saddlebag the
saddlebag is the outside of the upper
thigh you know kind of imagine like a
horse with saddlebags on it so there's a
little bit of persistent fat in that
area that I'm going to go get a touch up
on and I'm going to be completely awake
no general anesthesia and by and large
any kind of risks that you might be
stated from surgery they all have to do
with general anesthesia everything else
is just aesthetic so I'm not worried at
all but I will be awake and that's going
to be a different experience I could
have done the initial procedure awake
but we took quite a bit of fat from
around my knee in front of my thigh area
and stuff the first time around so I
here eck amended that I'd be asleep so
that he doesn't you know worry about
maybe some sensations that I would have
one wake but this time I get to be awake
so I get the experience exciting
yesterday I got my tetanus shot an
intramuscular shot or no if you can see
the there's like a band-aid right there
is supposed to get a tetanus shot every
10 years I also got a physical
everything is normal except I have high
cholesterol and they're like ladies just
work out and take your fucking you know
up take your intake of water and liquids
and unlike I literally do
so much cardio and some weight training
and so much water just smashing in my
face if you've ever watched my stream
I'm peeing every five seconds because
I'm literally drinking so much fucking
water I drink like four bottles of water
on stream every single time and then
when I'm not on stream as I'm editing or
if I'm doing like I was like doing
anything I have a follow up with me I'm
just a fucking water fiend so she also
recommended lowering my fat content and
I have been getting pizza a lot because
it's been much easier than making food
so I'll have like the Soylent throughout
the day and then I'll have pizza I don't
know if I had my cholesterol before this
new Pizza fads that I've been going
through right now or I just always want
to have some pizza but you know I need
to cut back on it anyway because you
know trying to reach my goal weight is
not going to be as easy if I'm still
fucking eating pizza and that's all just
you know what neither here nor there
just a little update another thing is so
I went and got my pap smear too and now
I'm going to be back on the birth
control yaz as you can see I have some a
few like blemishes and stuff right now
which are very annoying and those don't
happen when I'm on yaz and it also helps
me control my weight because I do have a
slower ish metabolism I'm not like in
any way hypothyroid I actually checked
that because of my headaches all that
stuff I'm going to post in the
description if you guys haven't seen how
I have frequent headaches and nausea the
other night I was streaming don't starve
and I was on the fifth hour of streaming
don't starve of jf James like a new
friend of mine he's a doctor scientist
guy I'm really interested as his mind
and proving it anyway
but um I was playing don't starve with
him and we started a new game and then
it just like hit me I was so nauseated I
felt like I was going to just throw up
right there on my keyboard I was trying
to ignore it the headaches were getting
worse usually when I start getting a
headache I'll just stop the stream
because there's no one else like pushing
me to stream still if I don't feel good
and I wasn't in am I usually in a game
that lasts a long time but don't starve
games if you've never played that game
they can last five to six to 10 hours
like literally one run can last that
long if you're good at the game and we
had just started so I actually had to
tell him like I gotta go dude I don't
feel good and then it was really bad it
was so bad that my
I was so lightheaded and there was just
pain emanating from all parts with my
head and like a dull cranial just like
awful feeling that I felt like my the
volume of my hearing was that like half
and my cognitive function like being
able to I was making a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich for Jay and I was like
usually I'm really good at spreading
peanut butter even though peanut butter
is really sticky and there's a lot of
friction and you're putting it on bread
that's not toasted so I can sometimes
rip the bread I was like ripping the
bread like crazy and not understanding
why I couldn't do it it was really
disconcerting to me that something like
that you know if I don't just go lay
down when I get those headaches that
could happen and very scary very
interesting but yeah my neurological
appointment is on the 10th my my
liposuction touch-up was supposed to be
on the 11th but they rescheduled it and
that's why I don't have a lot of content
for you guys and that's why if I do have
any downtime which I'm not assuming
there's going to be any downtime I I
have just this video and I'm not going
to have the videos for you guys but
usually I'll have everything
pre-recorded and ready to go for you so
I apologize about that aspect of it what
else my my fuckin when I got my pap
smear so I got STD screening even though
I haven't had a new partner since I last
got STD screened a few years ago or a
couple years ago I do that quite often
if I have any new partners even though
they've been tested I haven't tested J
has been tested I always just like I
like to get extra tests and since I I
have this new I'm actually paying for my
own insurance now like a really good
insurance that I'm paying a premium of
250 a month or something for I decided
to just go all out so I got all the
fucking tests I found out okay so I've
always wanted to know my blood type
because I don't know I just like knowing
stuff about myself I like that so I like
facts in general so I've always wanted
to know my blood type my mom didn't know
she said it was supposed to be on the
birth certificate but it wasn't and so I
told Jay you know my whole life is about
being positive Jay thinks I'm like the
antithesis of positive because he sees
me being this nihilistic hedonistic
you know misanthropic person but my
ideology for life and how I feel on the
inside is very happy very positive and
obviously I'm pushing a positive message
to you guys like all the time so I was
like you know what it'd be funny
you know it would be funny if I was be
positive so it's clearly just like my
ideology for life be positive in my
actual blood and lo and behold that is
my blood type so you guys should post in
the comments what your blood types are
that also let me know that you got this
far in the fucking rambling ass retarded
don't begin to shit about your life
bitch video but I appreciate you guys
who are interested in just listening to
me and just talk about random shit you
guys my last feminist stream of
consciousness stream of consciousness
GLAAD blog video was really well
received
it always has less views and stuff but
it has a lot more viewer interaction
with a lot more comments a lot more to
stuff you guys talking to me and I
really enjoy the interaction and talking
about ideas and philosophies and stuff
so I really appreciate those kinds of
videos when I can make them and what I'm
inspired to make them I definitely will
continue to make them and I'll make
things like this where we just talk
about my life and I do want to give you
guys life updates even though I know
it's not going to be something that
everyone watches I have to restart blatt
hold on okay so that's pretty much it
other than the fact that I'll just
update you whenever I go to the minor
illogical appointment I'll update you
about how the liposuction revision went
I'm sure it'll be absolutely fine you
can check my social media if I'm not
posting videos we're not able to like
walk around and sit for a while and post
videos I I will post on my social media
and let you guys know what's going on
because you guys in my opinion are
entitled to my life that's my choice
obviously not every content creator is
going to do this and be honest and open
and transparent but I feel like that it
just makes sense to me to have you guys
as friends rather than to have you guys
as strangers just idolizing me I'd
rather you does not have the hive mind
and all that stuff and just be free
thinkers and we can
talk as equals I love that shit so I'm
going to continue to do that and divulge
every possible thing if you have any
questions about any of this I know it
might blindside some people that like oh
she got she got a light bone didn't make
a video about it I thought about making
a video about it and I had a really
rough recovery are really interesting in
rough recovery not there any
complications at all but just it wasn't
it was harder like none of the surgeries
I've ever gone through before were hard
this one was there were a lot of like
funny and weird things like I was
constipated for like nine days straight
and it was starting to get creepy I
don't know there's a lot of interesting
stuff but I didn't feel like making the
video because it just it's a lot of work
to compile all that stuff and when
you're my doctor isn't that compliance
with vloggers and vlogging stuff so it's
not like I can take it in to the surgery
and show you any of that and a lot of
people I would have to go over and over
and over a lot of people just
misunderstanding what the purpose of
lipo is it's not for like you know
weight loss or anything that should be
obvious it's not - a lot of people as we
love misconceptions about it so it'd
just be like a hardened annoying video
and I didn't feel like doing it to be
honest I didn't tell my patrons and
stuff and I made a little little journal
for them what else I don't think there's
anything else I can't think of anything
else
saving my money going to move soon
really excited had to pay a lot in taxes
you guys are fucking wonderful I'm
getting my health in check everything's
great
I'm Titan D+ Oh when I got my past
mirror she was telling me how I might
have a yeast infection now and she was
like it's so funny um she was saying
there's no odor which is quite funny
because I watched a stand-up recently I
think it was in Dave I watch Dave
Chappelle and I watched Louise ek
recently and one of them made a joke
about wouldn't male gynecologist collect
and smell the pussy but um she was
talking about basically smelling my
pussy without actually talking about
that and she said that it doesn't smell
bad as it smells normal this is so funny
but I have a slightly abnormal amount of
discharge so she doesn't know but the
infection herb is just mean naturally
secreting more fluids
I think she might misunderstand how
often
aroused or something I don't know it's a
very interesting thing to talk about I
think Jason okay are you in here I saw
James background Jr my video do you want
to be in my video he's disheveled right
now he's a haircut someone I used to
like tends to this person why is it no
one tending just because your boss
doesn't mean you don't have to be clean
ish cut good thing he's going with the
beard I like beards so so you know low
maintenance
but anyway so I'll update you on all
that all my STD screenings came clean
which is obvious no other issues be
positive and yeah it gets his hair by
braiding and I french braided it down
the back and left it for two days and it
was wet when I French grated it then I
took it out when it was a hundred
percent dry and I brushed it and it
fluffed up and now it's kind of going
down so I don't naturally hold a curl
well but I really like this and I wanted
to make a video today to show it off
because I think it's really fucking cute
the way it looks it's very not like me
it makes me a little bit more ethnic
maybe like I have some kind of biking
background or this is my natural hair
and I just haven't showered and
straightened it but no no it straightens
on its own I love you guys I'll see you
in the next video I'm sorry this was 20
minutes or so I hope you enjoyed
listening to me ramble and let me know
if you have any criticism any questions
I will happily answer I absolutely love
you bye guys not like the biggest
garbage channel do you enjoy don't
forget to check me out I didn't mean all
the other social medias and if you like
fanservice patreon oh my god tell me
what my choker is
