he just turned to me and like came in my
mouth it was really weird so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys welcome to a
new episode of Friday night mail this
week we actually have a bunch of stuff
and I regretfully bought myself two
things as well thinking that I might not
get anything so it might be more
interesting to buy something for myself
that I wanted because I am such a great
gift giver for myself rather than just
have nothing to open so we have extra
stuff this week you guys are fucking
amazing but let's just jump right into
who won the giveaway this week the
winner of the giveaway is Nicole C
congratulations Nicole C I hope you
enjoy your $25 Amazon gift card if you
guys want to sign up to win either a $25
Amazon gift card or a $25 subscription
to my twitch channel link will be in the
description and of course you get to
choose which prize if you happen to win
now let's get into question time we have
for questions this week when it's kind
of a non question I just want to clear
this up for anyone who might think it's
cyber pirate traitor says wow those are
such a beautiful shade of blue is that
natural or do you wear colored contacts
I do not wear colored contacts I used to
wear circle lenses which mean my pupils
look bigger and I would have liked a
stronger order around my irises of black
but I haven't worn them since like 2000
14 or 15 so yeah my natural eyes one of
my best features one of my most awesome
natural features I wouldn't trade them
for the world except for if I could have
heterochromia but they're just so
naturally great I wouldn't mess with any
kind of dye or anything like that to
achieve it I just think it's really cool
when you naturally happen to have two
different colored eyes dr. skittles says
question if you had to play only one
type of game for the rest of your life
would you prefer challenging games where
you fight other players online like
overwatch or would you take interesting
story games like The Last of Us I only
really like story games if you're
wondering love you boo a bunch of purple
hearts love you too thanks for the
question but close to the end you used
the wrong you're and as you guys know
I'm a bit of a grammar nazi so if I had
to choose between something like online
mmo's and Story games and those were the
only two choices I had I would
definitely choose Story games if I had
to choose only one game I might sway
more toward competitive online games but
it wouldn't be something first-person
like overwatch or Call of Duty it would
be maybe Starcraft or League alleges if
I wanted to be more relevant to the
eSports community right now although
League of Legends does make me want to
like shoot myself in the head I
love my Veigar but every time I miss
League of Legends and I boot up League
of Legends and play it I'm like Oh team
games if I had to choose one specific
game I would probably choose something
like World of Warcraft maybe even World
of Warcraft because playing one story
based game over and over again for the
rest of my life like blast of us would
be really boring I would have 100% in it
on the second playthrough and then I
would feel like I'm just rewashing an
old movie that isn't technically my
favorite thing in the whole world
so that's really the only way I could
see online competitive games trumping
story games but if I have the whole of
every story game ever created to go
through Story games 100% Osito plays
says question are you friends with
Jessica Nigri and how did it feel when
you interviewed her by the way love your
videos thank you I interviewed Jessica
Nigri a few years ago for zoomin games
and it was basically just like a troll
thing I was like hey let's go interview
her and then it turned out to be not
that bad I have a little bit of
contention with her content personally I
don't find her personality to be
attractive everyone is entitled to their
opinion but personally when I'm watching
her I find it to be very forced and
quite obnoxious she's got a great body
though in her cosplays pretty good a few
years ago she made like a snide remark
and a tweet that I can't even find so
it's not substantiated so take it with a
grain of salt although you guys know I
would never lie to you there's no reason
I would love to get along with other
girls who game because it's so rare when
they actually have a lot of knowledge of
a lot of different games or anime but
when someone said that we should work
together or do a shoot together
she said something snooty along the
lines of like only working with real
girl gamers or if only they were real
girl gamers or something implying that
I'm not one and then when I did the
interview she didn't remember me so that
was cool it's safe to say that I'm not
really a huge fan of hers for a plethora
of reasons both personal and based
solely on her personality and the last
question which is kind of a weird one
Blood Diamond dies says question why do
people live in gated communities they
are more of a problem than a benefit
let's just say I am one of those guys
that delivers your packages your gated
community is a pain in the ass to deal
with because me and other drivers have
other houses to deliver to and your gate
is slowing us down slowing us down can
result in someone else not getting their
package that day are you really that
much of an asshole to have someone else
not get their package if so I don't know
how you live with yourself because
that's messed up feel like I should have
saved this for Terry reads comments but
honestly I'm ambivalent on the whole
benefit versus detriment to having a
gated community I think while it does
help
because there's a gate and if anyone
wants to steal something they're just
gonna go to the apartment complex across
the street that doesn't have a gate but
on the other hand people can just jump
the gate if they really want to get in
and they might really want to get in
because gated community is usually
insinuate that the people inside are
more well-off but the whole package
thing I think UPS and USPS and all the
other companies have no problem with it
I've never had anyone call me and go
like I can't get in I think they have
some sort of way to deal with the gated
communities also on Amazon which is
where I buy like 95% of my stuff I can
actually put the gate code in I
personally choose to live in a gated
community because I didn't really have a
choice of houses when I chose but I
would prefer a gated community because I
do think while the benefit is negligible
it still is a benefit and my safety is
much more important than someone else
getting their packages because the UPS
guy is slower because of the gate I
think that's a little silly of a thing
to say and I'm not quite sure if you're
a troll or not but I thought I would
answer that truthfully
all right guys please post your
questions of the any nature down in the
comments I'm an open book and I always
love answering your guys's questions
every single week but we're done with my
phone that's dying so that's good we're
gonna go ahead and open some packages
the first of which is from my boy Shawn
black he's a fucking badass and he sent
me something squishy which is usually
proves to make me happy let's see what
it is oh it's actually not squishy why
did I think this was squishy okay so
this is a just say no talking box
includes ten different pre-recorded
sayings but the answer is always no is
this because of my video on the me2
movement or something there we go boys
and girls every woman who has ever had
an instance of a regretted sex or has
dealt with a pushy man and needs this
button in their purses at all time this
is a form of self-defense ladies get
yourselves one of these Thank You Shawn
black for a kind of trollee
kind of trollee gift Eve is here getting
all up into stuffs yes so cute baby why
are you so cute we've got something from
it looks like France oh shit this is
from Peck
Pecha told me if there's anything
relating to candy that it's from him I
don't know why but at first I thought
this picture was like of a guy wearing a
candy g-string
there's not really a bulge there but for
some reason I'm seeing a bulge anyway
this is gonna be for fanservice Friday I
have a candy pasties and I'm gonna get
some candy necklaces and now I have the
candy thong to go with it Thank You
Pekka this is gonna be fun I'm excited I
wonder how my ass is gonna look in candy
panties also is there anyone who will
eat this after I stick this g-string
into my ass I think a lot of you guys
would adds a little bit of flavor I
don't know what this one is but we're
gonna figure it out right now
Oh oh this is from rubber tongue I made
him buy this for me we're gonna be
revisiting to the virgin killer sweater
but wait take a look at this remember
how I said I didn't really like the way
the virgin killer sweater looks because
it just makes me look frumpy because I
have big boobs and my ass crack didn't
go up high enough well this is a virgin
killer sweater with a boob window and
I'm very excited to try this out but
we're gonna be doing this for patreon
and I think this is gonna be an update
to the virgin killer sweater fanservice
Friday that I enjoy a lot more because
it's more to my body shape and liking
also it looks like the back goes down a
little bit more I know the virgin killer
sweater is a little bit played out but I
feel like I never got to give it a solid
try so we gotta update it and do a
better one okay what is this this is one
of those ones where I can just pull the
tab I love those I bought this for
myself and I included a notes hi may
Levi's story help embolden your come in
mouth Levi's dreams from Tara Babcock
this is the complete color edition of
attack on Titan no regrets which is the
back story of Levi Ackerman its manga as
fuck and in color and I'm so excited
about this I didn't know that it was
gonna be so huge good job Terry you're
the best gift giver to yourself you're
so awesome oh yes an attack on Titan
Irwin Smith and Captain Levi are an
inseparable duo the calculating brain
and pumping heart of the survey Corps
but their past was a mystery until the
release of the globally acclaimed
bestseller attack on Titan no regrets
it has young urban in it too oh I'm so
excited about this I'm so glad I bought
this for myself I am awesome Thank You
Tara Babcock oh man I'm really really
excited about this book you guys don't
even know but yeah the whole gift note
thing was about a sex dream I had
recently well actually I was doing a
meet up with you guys and for some
reason Levi Ackerman was like dealing
with live-streaming it like he was
helping me with a technical set of live
streaming it and then at the end of the
dream he just turned to me and like came
in my mouth it was really weird I didn't
even know that I was into Levi like that
but I guess the stoicism is one of those
one of those types I have like super
stoic badasses that are good at stuff
even if they're a little shorter ohh oh
my god I almost drooled it's that good
it's that good Oh Melanie Melanie hey
Tara I saw this version of Mario from
your favorite game and had to send it to
you I hope you like a girl I fucking
love you love Melanie I fucking love you
too guys look at this guys guys it's a
Super Mario Brothers 3 motherfucking
Super Mario Brothers 3 racoon Mario we
gotta get this open wait I'll show it to
you see it looks like that it's it's
fucking the best thing ever and it's
gonna be such a great supplement to my
other Mario pixel Bowl Mario pixel pixel
Bowl pixel pixel pals I don't know why I
thought it was pixel bull I still want
the USB adapter for these things though
so I can like always have them lit up
but they're not that bright honestly
they've got to be like 20 lumens or
something which is like nothing whoo oh
this is so awesome I love it so much
Melanie you are amazing I love you girl
you're a you know me so well
it's so awesome we'll have him to the
side so you guys can still see the
cleavage he used to burn the titties all
right Melanie thank you so I think this
is the other thing that I bought myself
I'm not sure we'll see like it's in like
half a box and half another type of box
really weird I really hope this is what
I think it is oh yes okay this is the
Monty Python a cow catapult but it also
has sheep and ducks plagued by knights
and troubled by kings just keep one of
these handy hurlers by your side when
taunts don't work you can keep your
enemies away by tossing cows ducks and
sheep or the enclosed wooden Trojan
rabbits I think this is gonna be a lot
of fun and my parents actually watch my
Friday night mails so I think my dad
will like this this is really fucking
cool it's from Monty Python and the Holy
Grail
if you
don't know I hate these kinds of where
the outsides like crimps or something so
annoying let's see if I can get through
it yeah I didn't get all the way through
Jake said box cutters do like anything
okay so I'm gonna have Jay do this and
then I will film with Vlad or with this
camera elsewhere we're gonna film me
actually
hurling stuff at things why are you not
streaming yeah yeah I can't open this
leagues down we've got one more guys but
I'm waiting for my box cutter alright
here is the wooden a wooden Trojan
rabbit that is it's not a tall wooden
it's literally taped together like
cardboard or foam or something I don't
know why they lie about it being wooden
it doesn't even roll that's not cool
well good thing that it's fucking free
oh so we have this okay so the way it
works is there's like a rubber band
that's akin to like a hair band that you
would put in your hair and you just pull
it down and let it rip alright we've got
the first cow guys are you ready let's
let's see if Eve goes for it woo I'm
gonna lose all of these oh man more on
this later more on this later I want to
get this this package opened which I
fear I do fear is going to be from a
certain troll we shall see any time I
get something that's big I always fear
that it will be from my trollerino and
it'll be something awful and I'll cry
myself to sleep at night oh god what is
this okay we've got a note oh it's from
Jurgen hey you sexy lady love your
videos so keep on shooting them this
equipment may help keep up the great
work
ooh what is it I can't even imagine oh
thank you you're good don't kill you
thank you you're gonna I appreciate it I
need all the lighting stands I can get
does this come with a softbox I think it
comes with the softbox yeah it has an 86
inch tall stand 105 watt CFL light bulb
and the octagon softbox this is gonna be
really cool because I want to try
different setups for the gaming channel
as far as how I light the background I'm
having a huge time
letting the background and not casting a
bunch of shadows I don't know what he
was doing I'm sorry or making it too
dark or too light or - are you okay she
like moved my camera oh my god even
Wyatt alright guys I guess I should go
because he keeps moving my camera and
stuff but thank you so much Jurgen Thank
You Pekka
thank you everyone who sent me anything
Melanie of course and the most important
of all thank you Tara Babcock the one
and only oh it's so nice when I get cool
things from myself but in all honesty
thank you guys so much for supporting
the channel whether you're doing it on
patreon patreon comm / tear Babcock or
are you doing it on Twitch super chats
just watching the channel all of that
you guys make a life that I can fucking
spoil myself with possible you guys make
me able to buy books on Levi and sheep
catapults from Monty Python and the Holy
Grail my perfect life is complete
because of you guys so thank you so much
I will see you guys in the next video I
hope you guys enjoyed this I hope it was
entertaining for you and I hope you like
my Super Mario Brothers 3 kitty
companion here Melanie you got it a
little bit wrong this is not my favorite
game my favorite game is Super Mario
Bros 3 on the All Starz cartridge on the
SNES because I just never played this
version I wasn't really someone who
played much of the NES versions of
things when there are SNES versions and
things because more colors is just the
shit alright guys I love you so much
have a wonderful weekend I'm gonna go
sling things with this cat one of these
ducks doesn't stand up what the fuck
let's fling that duck first all right
here we go
Oh what the fuck it rolls it rolls so
it's hard to do with one hand oh my god
okay okay well okay I gotta put this
down that was bad can I put this on my
leg and make it fucking good just go
straight up how do I make it not go
straight up there we go
she wants to play fetch with her bottle
cap but fuck no dude I want to fling
some geese at her face
I'm gonna fling your bottle cap
all right let's fling the bottle cap so
cute
it needs a stop on the wheels though so
it doesn't just like roll forward and go
up I'm trying to do one hand
movie-accurate for sure what's she doing
