don't you love how like culturally
appropriated my fucking Navajo sweater
is oh my god I mean it's totally in the
style of American Indians is it not Iran
come on so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
hey guys I wasn't planning on doing a
video today I just had my
off-the-shoulder saying I was taking a
thumbnail for tomorrow's video a youtube
video on my gaming channel youtube.com
slash every bad cop games I'm going to
start doing blunt things and I did like
a hundred and twenty keg opening of
Gwent cards so I decided to take some
physical grant cards that I on take a
sexy picture got my face feels hot I
don't know I wasn't gonna do a video
today they're literally cute in the
viewfinder so why not today we're we
killing a story's going to read
completely off the cuff words gonna
fucking throw it off the cuff okay so
the reason I have this three time in
mind at all it was a few weeks ago I saw
these two people we're going to call it
a Moss Moss as the mail and geisha is
the female okay I saw these two people
in a car they're fat as ever
in some kind of SUV or something and
they were driving near a place that I
was shopping and I was crossing the
street and I saw them and I cracked up
laughing at the fact they're still
together obviously throughout this video
I'm going to show that I have a low
opinion of these people this is just my
opinion my experiences I'm going to try
to be as objective as possible but this
is going to be my story about how I
tried to get a restraining order when I
was in high school very interesting I
totally forgot about this because it
didn't really play a role in my life I
just tried to vacate the premises of
everything that is the ghetto ass high
school that I went to when I was in
sophomore year I know you guys have
heard the story of billion times but
when I was in sophomore year I applied
for the Running Start program and in my
junior year I was accepted and instead
of doing half at my high school and half
at the Community College because what
you do with Running Start is you
basically get college credits while
you're also getting the credits for to
get your high school diploma so you're
like getting a head start on your
college so you can get your two-year
degree while you're getting your high
school diploma and then at the end of
your high school career or at the end of
your high school you know right
no awesomeness I don't know what fucking
word to call it when you get your high
school diploma you can then go on to a
four-year college and already have your
associates degree or your Bachelors of
Arts or whatever you want so I was doing
that but I wasn't planning on going to
college in my fourth year or third year
of high school I was already modeling a
little bit and I was planning on I don't
know what I was gonna do I think I was
going to be a personal trainer is the
modeling didn't work out so I was
getting my personal training
certification and I was also taking
creative writing classes I was taking
pottery classes neither here nor there
it's going to all over the place because
I did not plan this at all and my face
feels hot I don't know why I think I
need to take another headache pill or
something but I'm going to stream after
this some really excited I made a whole
new Gwent overlay and it features like a
sonica like the first I think it's
actually the first level in Sonic 3 or
one I'm not sure I think it's three
because tails in it as well but I used
that a picture of a whole level and I
took it and cut it out and made it like
a cute little overlay for my stream so
I'm excited about that I get really
excited about graphic design and editing
things and making things personalized
something that I could all fly on sand
so when I was in high school I think I
was in my sophomore year there's this
guy named moths and moths it was this
entitled little white boy who thought he
was black basically I think he was a
baseball player in high school or
something he played a bunch of sports I
think it seems like one of those guys
who's like overweight out of shape but
his dad is like a lover of all sports
and telson you got to be in sports on us
and I probably shaped him unfortunately
and he was kind of an ass because of it
I don't know how this is all fucking
hearsay because I know nothing about
this person other than the fact that he
has been an ass to me every single time
I've been unfortunate enough to be in
his presence so one day I was in the
cafeteria and I don't ever go in the
cafeteria in the morning I think Jay was
there a mom I'm not sure of Jays I think
he was there and loss
for no apparent reason calls me a whore
or something a lot of people were like
washing and waiting for my response and
so I just decided to punch him in the
face I didn't think I punched him that
hard but apparently it was very hard
because he settled back onto the
cafeteria table and everyone started
laughing at him because he got punched
by a girl and beat up by a girl and then
I kind of thought it was funny in the
last night so there was nothing more to
that
because the next year I had a I wasn't
even going to fuckin high school anymore
100% of my time was at the Community
College I was getting my college credits
and after that I would go hang out with
Jay at his college but it could have
been I yeah he graduated in my sophomore
year so it's possible that he was there
I think he was because I feel like he
would be able to recall this and
remember what happened but yeah I
thought it was pretty funny I usually
don't lash out physically I'm going to
put a little disclaimer in there I don't
lash out physically and I don't i
actually imported on their opinions or
something that they say that's a big
issue in STW world right now we're like
oh you need to punch a Nazi or punch
people who you disagree with I don't
think that's okay I don't think we
should ever try to stifle freedom of
speech but I don't know I was in high
school and I thought like I was an
asshole and was there to be punched and
I don't know I did it and I regret it on
the grounds of it goes against what I
believe but I think it's a pretty
inmates for a pretty funny story and the
guy's an asshole and I guess I got what
I deserved
so let's move on with the story while I
was going to Community College this
weird thing started happening where
people were egging my parents house and
I thought this was the same bitch who
wrote Princess bitch on my mom's white
picket fence in fucking spray paint I
forget her name
she's got like a really black name but
she's white it's like Shania or
something like that no offense obviously
a lot of people are going to call me
racist anyway I should give the folks
and we were friends and I thought we
were friends and I found out that she
put this this stuff on my fence and we
never even hung out really after that
and I was just like why it's not even
like I think that I'm in the right and I
think that people should not be offended
like I you know I I talk a lot about how
people shouldn't be such whiney ninnies
and people shouldn't be so offended all
the time but that's not I never really
took that stance in high school or in
grade school I was never really like the
person who wanted to say things I pretty
much kept to myself and didn't have no I
didn't have I didn't have no didn't have
a political message or anything so it
was very odd then someone started aching
my house like I said and it was like
whatever like my parents would have to
wash it off my parents take a lot of
pride in their front yard and they put a
lot of cute things all over the place
and you know they painted their house
multiple different colors to be cute
they bought that house and they nearly
have it paid off and so it's a quaint
quiet little house with a white picket
fence in a place that in my opinion is
far too ghetto for my parents to live
but my dad wanted to
close to the high school that he went to
which is now pretty much defunct and
fucked up and it's doing a whole small
school thing where you separate it into
three school to try to you know fucking
great on a curve because it's so fucking
easy but the idiots around there aren't
educated enough to fucking get a degree
Suz matter what that little ranch there
globular probably can just like this
video give a shit fucking impromptu as
fuck and I have a bunch of hair on my
black leggings oh my god it went on for
a long time like every other week you
would hear a car squeal out and then you
would look outside and there would be
like eggs on the house and stuff and I
was like I came to myself at a community
college haven't been to my high school
and over a year and I don't communicate
with anyone but J and my few closest
closest friends and my family with my
parents specifically so it was very very
autumn my mom and dad would always they
would like chastise me like we know
you're doing something you're doing
something but they didn't understand the
vastness that was Community College like
nobody knew where I lived I had no
friends at Community College I had
people that I would like smile act or
something and there was one guy that I
tried to fucked it it didn't pan out a
river but like I literally just spent my
time at the Community College campus I
had one friend his name was Jansen who I
would drive back and forth occasionally
and he was from my school or ever by Ed
I didn't interact with people what there
was nothing for me could possibly have
done other than just look the way that I
looked in that last year that would make
anyone want to do anything to my parents
house and I think it's so gay when
someone doesn't like someone and then
attack their parents house like I feel
like like what are their parents ever do
to you you're just like being an angsty
teen little fuck retard at least when I
last out at him I was lashing out at him
for something he directly did whether it
was wrong or not at least he was him you
know I didn't go out and like kill his
dog and feed in the dog's intestines and
shit I didn't attack other beings
because of something that he did it was
so it's a comport ace it was awful and
my parents are very they're crazy right
there's a little crazy so they set up
they set up camcorders and stuff and
they have like a crazy camcorder set up
like six to seven fucking cameras now
around the house and they have like
monitors in the living room so that
anything ever happens while they're
there like they've caught a lot of stuff
on these fucking cameras they also
little thing on their fence that says
this is being observed your on-camera
smiles Oh blah they're pretty much the
crazy people in the block but for good
reasons one of the times it wasn't eggs
someone okay so we have the double paned
glass because we live really close to
airports the the Seattle Tacoma
International Airport has like really
loud airplanes they have the double play
double pane glass so you can't hear the
grenade taking off the airplanes and
someone had to roll in a rock and broke
in the front pane of the like gigantic
fucking window my parents have on the
front of the house and this is the point
where they decided that they were gonna
I don't know if they got it before or
after but this is the point where they
were like yeah we have to get some
surveillance out there because they're
costing us hundreds of dollars and I
can't believe how long this fucking
vendetta against me for humiliating him
in fucking public went on we finally
found out I don't remember what it was I
think it was the license plate on his
car but we finally found out that it was
him we decided to take him to court to
get a restraining order
yeah we'll remember this differently but
Jay went to the restraining order like
court case with mean it was like a small
court area we went in I sat down a moth
had gotten a lawyer at this point moss
was dating this girl named geisha geisha
was this bitch who I'd known since I was
in elementary school and he watched my
bully story she was like a huge bitch to
me she's like a Britney Spears lover she
stole my best friend I don't think stole
my best friend willingly became her best
friend for a while and she was just
always kind of mean to me and made me
try to try to make me feel like an
outcast she would invite me to her
birthday party and then kind of treat me
like shit because I didn't like the same
things that they like it was just I
tried to get along with her I never
really liked her well they started
dating she ballooned up to like 100 plus
more pounds that she was before and it
was just kind of like hot so I did
justice to asshole like bully type
people you know getting together and
it's quite funny that I see them like I
don't know what eight years later nine
years later how long has it been since
high school and together doing the exact
same shit nothing looks like they have
been proved I am maybe they got good
jobs I don't know good for them
I'm just glad very glad that I'm not
thrust in a situation as a misanthrope
where I have to deal with people every
single day like in high school where
everything is such a tight-knit small
classroom type thing where people care
about other people's business even if I
don't want them to care about my
business they do so anyway
we're in this courtroom so I can shit
you Lawrence Gorham and they basically
rule not to give me the restraining
order because we're still enrolled in
the same high school Jay thinks it's
another reason he thinks that the video
evidence of the license plate of the car
isn't enough proof but I distinctly
remember differently but being the
person who like psychology as much as I
do you can falsify memories and you only
remember the last time you remember to
memory so I could totally be remembering
it wrong but I'm pretty sure I'm not
because I was enrolled in the same
school even though I never even set foot
on the campus in my last two years of
high school and the last time I set foot
on this that campus was to go get my
diploma for graduation at the graduation
ceremony I didn't want to go I wanted to
like pick it up later
because I was like just like why would I
go there I didn't get the the what's it
called I didn't get the yearbook until I
went there I didn't I didn't want
participate in anything I never went
back to that school because I fucking
hated it so much I just like got my
degree and got the fuck out of there and
then moved on with my life and then I
was like a full-time model traveling the
world to like nothing that happened at
high school I remembered really I was
just like oh thank god I'm out of there
oh my god it was such a fucking awful
experience everything was so fucking
easy like by the my sophomore year I was
skipping I skipped like a third of my
sophomore year literally sophomore year
I would go home at lunch and because my
parents had already gone to work I could
walk home and it wasn't too far of a
walk I would walk home and just spend
the rest of the day at home and then say
that I went and I even like skirted
around when they would call my parents
house I even skirted around saying like
they must have misrepresented me in the
roll call I was totally there I swear
and my mom ended up either believing me
or not caring because my grades were
good so was like whatever
I just really hated going I like I had
like a few friends but I felt like I
don't belong here at all and like in a
way where I wasn't comfortable and there
was nothing for me and the schoolwork
was so easy like when they wanted you to
do schoolwork in class I would just do a
really quick and I'm done and I'm like
drawing or like bored I would write a
little like letters trying to learn his
language I was trying to in Serbian so I
would write J full page Serbian letters
because I was like decent at it
obviously I probably sounded like like
Spanglish it was like Spanglish but
sir-- glitch you know
probably really bad at serbian but
that's what i spent my time doing i
remember they said do you have any last
words
I didn't any last words of somebody I'm
dying in the in the courtroom and I was
like yeah can he just please stop that
all we want we don't want money we don't
care about the actual restraining order
just fucking stop messing with my
parents house case that's basically how
I felt and um and then he was like like
smug about it
and any less and I'm glad he had to pay
some fucking lawyer a bunch of money to
not get a fucking restraining order put
on him I don't know why he cared so much
I'm not sure how restraining orders work
no one has ever threatened me with her
restraining order I would assume that
maybe it's on your personal record and
makes you look bad or something or it
limits you from places that like maybe
he wouldn't be allowed to go anywhere
near my house or something and that
would be annoying I don't know what the
fuck it would have done to him I just
wanted him to is not pay for what he had
done to my parents house because I'm
very protective of the people that I
love ie my parents to just fuck off and
stay the fuck away from me I don't even
know how I found out where I live like I
don't know what kind of research he had
to do we were never friends oh yeah
that's the theory of the time that I
tried to get a restraining order and
failed I don't know I hope you guys
enjoyed them very just like whatever I
got my Martin my logic and logic and
reason birch which is so awesome I'll
show you I'm going to do a whole like
haul Tryon video which is going to be ku
I also got a few packages from the post
office because I was out today was
snowing like crazy oh my god but now I'm
going to go play some blend The Witcher
3 card game or the winter card game I
guess it is I wish I was more like this
but I'm really enjoying it a lot and I
know a lot of my viewers like come on
and play something else but oh I'm
loving Gwent so much so if you guys want
to check out my stream twitch.tv slash
they're about soccer if you guys enjoyed
this please give it a like and subscribe
my face is overheating I feel like I'm
definitely pink or feel like I have a
fucking fever but I know I don't it's
just I'm sitting in front bright lights
all day and I'm going to go sit in front
of more bright lights I love you guys so
much thank you so much for watching
hopefully you could kind of follow this
ditzy as fuck bubbly vagina and fucking
video and I'll see you in the next video
there are videos over here there are
links in the description if you want
links to my main channel my twitch
channel any fucking thing just yeah it's
all down there my Instagram is pretty
hot you know I'm saying I love you guys
thanks for watching
see you in the next video bang
