hey guys welcome to this week's Friday
night mail the Friday community show
where hold on I need some vicodin if I'm
going to get through this video
oh it's Sara proof oh there we go I need
some water or do I should be like dr.
house and just well no we're gonna get
some water hold on Oh drop it so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys so you
might be wondering why I'm taking
narcotics it is because I just got out
of a touchup surgery a little bit of
lipo on my knees and my outer right
thigh if you guys didn't know I got life
on my legs in February all of my patrons
or at least my patrons at a certain
level knew this I made a whole diary
about it but I just didn't feel like
making a whole video because let's face
it it's a pain in the ass and I would
have to worry about that while I was
recovering and it was unfriended
territory for me so I just didn't but
yeah let me show you the garment that I
have to wear for the next five days and
I can take it off and just wear regular
workout leggings it's a very annoying
very restrictive garment so if you're a
patron who supports me on patreon and
you're wondering why I'm only sticking
to tits this week for fanservice Friday
it's because I have to wear this the
garment compresses the spots that I got
fat taken from me ensuring that it heals
all nice and tight but I was put this
late for the first surgery and then the
touch-up surgery I was completely awake
a hundred percent lucid I didn't even
have any laughing gas or any kind of
xanax type of thing which I usually take
before surgeries or I say I take before
surgeries because I don't like
psychoactive drugs that much so yeah
welcome to this week's Friday night mail
which I wasn't sure I was going to be
able to do but I'm fucking doing it
bitch no downtime this is the show that
focuses on you guys the viewers which I
love so fucking much you guys are
fucking amazing and I hope to make you
feel that way every single Friday this
is what we have this week we've got a
letter from Zoey we've got a package and
then we've got another package I'm not
sure out fuck it should put it on my leg
I'm not sure what's in any of this but
first we're going to announce the winner
of this week's giveaway which happens to
be Cadia my quantity asian cam
girlfriend and she wanted me to pick
from two different items on my merch
store for her but I liked them both and
she likes them both so instead you guys
are going to pick for me which item I
send to her the straw poll will be down
in the description if you want to take
the straw poll and let me know if you
want this
asian girl to be wearing this sweater or
the sweater take the pole help me decide
because I cannot she has a hot tight
little midsection but then she also has
really nice shoulders and I love the off
the shoulder look on her she actually
posts a lot of those pictures on
Instagram I'll also be posting our links
to her Instagram on our camp site down
in the description so if you want to
watch her get naked links are there
maybe one of the videos she'll start out
wearing my merch if you want to sign up
for this week's giveaway link as always
will be in the top of the description
right next to giveaway link or something
of the sort and all caps
let's get you guys's questions and
questions will be taken from the
comments section so if you have any
questions you want to ask me about
anything even if you don't feel like
it's good for a video I read almost all
the comments on all of my videos love
interacting with you guys and I might
just type a response so feel free to say
anything oh yes I had to switch phone
cases again it's been a while couldn't
do Totoro forever pink Totoro oh yes I
took an extra question this week because
we don't have a ton to unbox so it'll be
really easy for me to get through all of
this and get through the questions and I
just love talking to you guys so the
first question is from Ashley Val I hope
I'm pronouncing that right she says
question how did you personally deal
with high school I was bullied more in
elementary school in middle school for
being a slut than I ever had any
problems with high school but in high
school I was starting to get the feeling
that I wasn't the same as everyone else
so even though I had my tight-knit group
of like three or four friends they often
annoyed me or they would be out doing
something else and I would be utterly
alone at lunch which I found pretty
cringe-worthy I was fortunate enough to
be living so close at the time to my
high school that I could walk home for
lunch and walk back and I wouldn't have
to miss any of my classes
and occasionally well actually more than
occasionally I would walk home and just
stay home for the rest of the day so I
skipped like fourth fifth and sixth
period and as much as I loved going home
and skipping school and not being there
for lunch and being able to make
something from my own fridge part of the
reason was because I didn't really have
any friends that I felt like I
identified with everyone there was kind
of an apple and an idiot I never really
had any problems in class because I was
good with banter and being witty and
making jokes but when it came to being
close enough with someone to hang out
with him at lunch I didn't really have
anyone at a certain point in my first
year of high school before I met Jay so
I would go and I would hang out with my
roommate or I would sit down with a
group of friends that I just considered
to be acquaintances that I didn't really
hang out with that much and sometimes it
felt like I wasn't really belonging
there I've always been pretty good at
just doing my
bouncing and I've never been a loner
because I'm able to have a ton of
acquaintances but I've always valued the
close-knit group of like two to three
friends max way more than having tons of
friends high school sucks and as soon as
I could in my junior year I started
going to college instead getting my high
school credits there and getting some
college credits because let's face it
high school is easy and it sucks I
always wanted the beautiful high school
experience of going to a preppy or high
school where I could be a cheerleader
and I even tried out for the cheer team
and got in but you were so bad that I
could hope that answers your question
high school sucks most of the time but
it's a small portion of your life that a
few years after you graduate will mean
nothing so if you're having a hard time
try to see the future try to see beyond
that and just do your own thing until
you can get the fuck out of there also
look into seeing if you have a Running
Start program in your area because
that's what I did to not have to go to
high school anymore and it will be more
challenging for you and it'll give you a
head start miss Rebecca says question do
you have a lady mustache and do you
remove it and if so which method you use
ah also don't need to have this one on a
video just wondering sorry girl it's on
a video tweezing is just time-consuming
but I'm afraid of Shaving it okay so I
have shaved my face a few times the
first time was when I was very young I
was like 1 or something and I saw my dad
shaving his face so I decided to emulate
him and shave my face and I cut the shit
out of myself if you're under 5 I
recommend not shaving your face fuck it
if you're under 15 or 16 I recommend not
shaving your face
I have peach fuzz all over my face
that's very fine and very short and I
feel like there's a correlation between
having greasy skin and having facial
hair facial fuzz not facial hair I don't
have extra hair on my mustache I just
have the same amount of hair all over my
face and you can't see it unless it's in
a specific light and then it just looks
kind of like I'm fuzzy but well my skin
and hormones are more balanced I always
feel like the hair dissipates a little
bit it's really weird I think the hairs
on the face correlate with a skin type
that you have because the hair wicks
away some of the excess oils this could
be pseudoscience I don't know you guys
should read about it let me know correct
me if you can but anyway I have gotten
annoyed at the peach fuzz a few times
and I shaved my face and I want you to
know that it is a Miss that hair comes
back thicker longer faster etc if you
start shaving it that's actually not a
thing it just seems that way on thicker
hair because think about it the hair
it's not cut comes to a point but when
you do cut it it's like a very abrupt
point that looks thicker I'm probably
not giving you a perfect visual there
but that's how it works
I've never waxed my face but I have had
someone once wax my eyebrows went to
alta to do it it was pretty cool
I would do it again I personally tweeze
my eyebrows I have shaved my face but I
don't do it often I shave my arms and
one thing someone once called me a
neckbeard because of my views and I
divulged by responding to his comments
that I do grow one hair right here on my
neck yep
Tara Babcock is an official literal
neckbeard I don't have it right now
sometimes it falls out Shane is pretty
easy you just go bet that like once
every other day in the shower it's
really easy to shave my armpits my pussy
that fast every single day I'm just like
swipe swipe swipe swipe done and I'm
bothered with waxing you have to wait
until there's a certain amount to wax
again so you're only perfectly smooth
for a while until your hair starts
growing and then you have to actually be
stubbly for a while moving on
hope you guys enjoyed that the next
question is from Jake six 6zz
he says question do I which bear is best
if we're talking about actual bears and
not gay bears because those are the best
obviously the panda bear is the best or
the red panda even though he's not a
bear just pandas in general last
question is a doozy um should I close my
thing okay last question comes from our
mom I will post our mom's shit Tara says
videos that he created down the
description because he's a fucking
badass
but he says question what is the
difference between rape rape fantasies
and consensual rape because you often
say that you want to be raped and you
have fantasies but I don't understand
because by definition that wouldn't be
raped because you want it rubbish
question
I know but fuck it but fuck it's not but
fuck it ok ok ok so if someone were to
actually rape me against my will and I
say no and I fight back and I don't give
verbal consent but deep down in my brain
I liked it which is a possible outcome I
know we're going to have all the sjw's
in here saying that there's no possible
way no matter how hot the guy is that
you would enjoy an actual rape but if
the rape doesn't include me being
kidnapped or fearing for my life and the
guy was hot or my version of rapist
attractive I would definitely enjoy it
so consensual rape would be the rape
fantasies where it's like hey Jay can
you rape me later we're going to
roleplay
that would be consensual rape I guess
never really heard that term used and
then rapes would be anyone who doesn't
give consent and actually doesn't like
it you can still prosecute even if you
like it there are many women who feel
very violated and are traumatized by it
but they did have an orgasm so their
body I guess you could say biologically
liked it but it goes against that
person's human rights to be treated that
way to be forced into sexual intercourse
so by law it's wrong and according to
most people's moral code that's wrong I
want to do a whole video entitled rapist
attractive where I talk about this in my
rape fantasies I've just been holding
off a little bit because I know it's
going to be a shitstorm oh yeah I hope
that answers your question sufficiently
let's go ahead and open this letter from
Zoe so he told me that she was going to
send me this oh-o-oh butterfly card so
cute nothing fell out right okay it's a
cute little butterfly card and this
butterfly is actually pasted on there so
it looks more 3d and on the inside it
says dear Tara since you told us to send
you cards I'm sending you this beautiful
butterfly one thank you for listening to
me by the way wishing you luck when you
move to Vegas thank you for your support
on getting a new laptop love from your
favorite subscriber Zoe I love you so
much the way I hope you enjoy your new
laptop you were so sweet for sending me
this I love cards if you guys are new to
my channel or you haven't heard me
mention it yet I have a whole binder
full of you guys with cards letters
things that you sent me and I absolutely
adore them and this is one of the most
beautiful ones I've ever gotten it's
even shiny glitter all the glitters make
it so if you guys know that reference
post in the comments you guys are
fucking awesome also if any of you guys
have noticed that I am blue mana doubt I
do happen to be a blue mage but I feel
like I'm less of a control blue mage and
more like if there's ever any blue aggro
I'll play that but i do play blue mage
Dex I will mail you and I do very much
miss magic and I love my blue mana
choker Thank You Selina
I'll post our link in the description to
fuck it okay this is the next thing Oh
guys it's going to be leggings because I
can only wear leggings
over my compression garment right now oh
my god it's leggings but these are
really cool I actually put these on my
wish list
they're like Christmassy leggings but
they have like skulls and shit on them
let's just put them over my compression
garments
and we have to do this without hurting
myself look they're actually fucking
syrup syrup leggings that's insane I
love it all right well if it's pretty
good that's cool I don't know who sent
this to me because it came from China
and every time something comes from
China or Japan they never put a fucking
note in there I really love syrup
leggings I don't know why I think
they're absolutely adorable something
about it is just so cool so I really
appreciate the gifts you are fucking
awesome whoever sent this to me please
post in the comments and let me know you
bought it I'll know if you're lying by
the way I'm sorry that my ass looks so
flat when it's being compressed and I
actually do have some gauze on my legs
right now that I get to take off
tomorrow and then in three weeks I'll be
a hundred percent back to normal
yes without that weird little fat pad on
my outer thigh moving on this is our
last package it comes from Arizona one
second I have to go find a fucking thing
to open this package dude I don't know
where anyhow just a bit down carefully I
don't know where any of my fucking box
cutters ones goddess teases like it's
like the tape that you would see I don't
know if that's actually taped but you
know you have a motherboard and you have
that like tape looking stuff that has
lines in it and if those lines are like
they're like conducting wire like skinny
why I don't know what the fuck I'm not a
vagina physicist what is going on with
this box is so hard to do which is the
tape oh all done this is impossible oops
oh my god okay I managed not to cut the
shit out of myself awesome we've got
some books let's check out the letter
first okay this person doesn't want
their name mentioned on air let's do
this I subscribe to your channel a long
time ago but left to the internet for a
few years while I traveled when I came
back the first video I saw was one where
you explained your frequent mystery
illness slush your concern for cognitive
fitness and it stimulated my memories
from some of my neuro pathology studies
from back in the day as well as some of
the methods I've used to repair and
accelerate my mental abilities I'm not a
doctor and I have never had the symptoms
you described I had to deal with a great
deal of physical emotional and
psychological trauma starting from age
zero and these
are some of the best layman's
information sources for brain health
which can often be the source of mystery
dysfunction in the body and vice versa
I've come across in the last 10 years of
reading and to brag I read around 60
information books a year plus sci-fi and
fantasy damn dude
there may be better but sometime I'll
have your complete diagnostic history I
can't be sure I recommend reading
Bravermans younger brain sharper mind in
its entirety unless you already have a
good foundation in neurophysiology if
you already versed in the subjects and I
recommend using it as a reference book
for its diagnostic test why isn't my
brain working by Caribbean is far more
detailed and a powerful diagnostic
treatment manual why isn't my brain
working thank you for sending this to me
this is fucking cool are you losing your
memory can't focus or concentrate
shrouded in brain fog do you tire easily
this is all me by the way have people
told you there is nothing wrong with you
or you are just getting older the first
part had I really been told I'm getting
older yet unless you count you know
trolls in the comments if so your brain
may be growing old too fast or
degenerating modern diets a stressful
lifestyle and environmental toxins all
take their toll on the brain this is
going to be fucking awesome thank you so
much for sending this to me and then we
have the younger brain sharper mind a
six step plan for preserving and
improving memory and attention at any
age from America's brain doctor his name
is Braverman his last name is Braverman
braver man that's pretty cool so back in
the day his ancestor or something
somehow got that title for like being
the bravest man in the city at least I
think that's how some last names work
there's a bunch of tips in here things
about diet nutrition this is going to be
cool being to maintain proper leptin
levels and you need to not gain excess
weight by eating apples berries broccoli
carrots coconut oil lean meat low-fat
yogurt etc okay at this point since this
is so fucking long and it's front and
back if you see some of this cut out
know that I did read the whole thing and
I fucking adore you for sending this to
me it's so fucking helpful it's just
like a precursor to these books I'm
going to read but yeah I might not fit
into the video this would make the video
more than 20 minutes
in addition below is a list of books
modalities and other methods I have used
and found helpful in fixing what was
broken oh my god this gets into like
kinesthetic biodynamic craniosacral
therapy never heard of that oh my god
there's so much in here cold lasers
interesting and
BOTS amigas his name his certification
to the email and his social media and at
the bottom you wrote in his handwriting
which is kind of nice for a guy PS I
hope this letter doesn't come off as
overly much and that any of my offers of
further assistance don't come off as
creepy or overly familiar it's just a
hobby not at all come on you know me
well enough right like you've watched of
my videos to know that nothing can come
across as overly familiar with me except
maybe showing up to my house unannounced
please don't do that please never do
that I hate it when my fucking friends
do that I like my privacy
in my own home everyone else come up say
hi send me letters give me tips for
things I love that shit I love looking
into different possibilities that could
potentially improve my life and my
knowledge which you guys know the hobby
of mine thank you so much
undisclosed letter sender for sending
this to me this is really comprehensive
really great and I love books so thank
you so much I'm also one of the people
that likes books games movies and all
that stuff to be physical rather than
digital downloads so it's cool to have
them thank you so much thank you to the
person who bought me the leggings
they're absolutely awesome I'm sorry
that I didn't get to show off my ass and
them sufficiently because compression
garment and thank you presenting me your
questions as always you can post
anything in the comment section let me
know how I'm doing any criticisms what
you think if you like my look if you
love magic as much as I do how much you
think my hair is stupid today whatever
you want I love you guys so much thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
like the video and subscribe if you
enjoyed there's two videos over here you
can continue to watch and all of my
social media links will be down in the
description I'm going to try to stream
tonight even though I'm like overheating
and now soon the Vicodin is going to
kick in and I'll be pretty high but the
show must go one that was fucking awful
see you guys next week with a new Friday
night mail don't forget about to
giveaway
