Wow you exist so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to a new
episode of Tara Reid's your fucking
comments the show that destroys any
notion that haters might have of making
a difference through positivity and
counter trolling let's do this oh yeah
but first we're going to start off with
something a little bit more positive
than usual holy shit you're that's the
possessive POTUS fuck love hardcore porn
love gaming and enjoy men coming all
over you you literally are the perfect
woman if you just added two periods in
there may be one more comma and near the
difference between the possessive your
and the contraction you're for you are
you would have stole my heart dear sir
and before we actually get into this 100
arbitrary terror points for anyone who
knows what's on my choker today yeah
arbitrary tear point you can use them to
get nothing but my irrelevant respect
and your gamer cred okay moving on
Alexandra Davis here trying to stick up
for me and doing a horrible fucking job
I cringe when I see comments like this
because thank you for being on my side
but you're just making people on my side
look bad all you a hater apostrophe s
fuck off it's for our life and ya ask
yourself when did you lose a virgin
period beginning of next sentence no
spaces because honestly you're going to
learn sooner capitalizes it to the
proper noun then later at you age 16 and
younger race your hand emoji if you now
what sex and porn are I did at 13 hand
emoji what let's turn this into
something a little bit more eloquent all
you haters fuck off it is her life and
why don't you ask yourself when did you
lose your virginity unless he means
actually when did you lose your virgin
he has some virgin locked up in his
basement or something which would be way
more interesting than just being
completely illiterate honestly you're
going to learn sooner rather than later
about sex and pornography I knew what
they were at the tender age of 13
thanks for the attempt moving on 10
arbitrary 10 points for efforts not sure
if it's a lack of effort that made you
write that poorly or an intellectual cap
blondes are stupid go ahead and go fuck
your brother and feel the feelings after
and then faggot does he think I'm a guy
I'm a faggot if I suck my non-existant
brother
this of course posted on my video about
incest actually the
a few in here from my video on incest
anytime you talk about something
emotionally or viscerally triggering
because of societal norms you're always
going to get these people coming out of
the woodwork I know everything about
everything because society taught me so
also what is he saying if I had sex with
my brother that I would end up falling
in love with him is like a anti
friends-with-benefits brother and sister
kind of thing another one for my incest
video so you don't do it but feel you
can speak about it okay first of all
anyone can speak on the philosophy or
ideology of any topic you don't need
experience or anecdotal evidence to form
a philosophical idea all you need is
rational thought and logic I do however
love the in-text condescension that okay
brings entertaining definitely doesn't
date black guys listen to the music
she's listening to I'm cool with that
there's better-looking white women that
like black dudes like Kim Kardashian Kim
Kardashian is half white she does not
look white by any means she's actually
middle-eastern aka Persian which is what
they throw on top of it to make it sound
more attractive even though Persia
hasn't been a thing forever also I don't
like the music the black dudes
stereotypically listened to so I don't
date black guys you might good sir the
reason I don't date most black guys the
widespread idiotic notions like these I
know a few black guys who are in the
metal and I don't think you can't date
someone just because of the music you
listen to possibly that opinion will
trickle over to other idiocy in your
life and I might not like you because of
that but not that one particular reason
if your guilty pleasure is wrapped so be
it if you have a BB C I still might fuck
you your skin color has nothing to do
with it
I always wanted to floss Terris teeth
right when I'm done I would put the
floss Turing up against my nose and
breathe in deep
he said breath in deep let that slide
would it even smell like anything we
have to find out you know it kind of
does smell weird didn't think it would
gross look dude whatever get you off I
will send you that for ten bucks plus
shipping and handling
I was never clear how such a beautiful
woman to be ordinary trash that can shit
every fool who requires to pay do you
have a little pride more than the
overall public toilet space many
question marks
sorry but I see how beautiful you are
some things cannot keep himself fuck
maybe you're a public toilet but you are
the most beautiful public toilet happy
face Tara Babcock most beautiful public
toilet 2007
I'll take that as a compliment I didn't
understand anything else god damn
rednecks always fucking their cousins
and their friend's sister
that's not a stereotype I've heard
before also on my incest video so
apparently this person thinks their
friend's sister fucking them what also
constitute incest maybe if the town was
so small and so inbred that everyone's
friend is their cousin so then their
friends and sister would be their cousin
as well think I'm overthinking the
validity of this comment who gave that
ignorant slut a controller go stay in
front of the mirror better cuz that's
all what you can do with stupid Barbie
that was hard to get through and that is
our little bit of irony for the day
brought to you by the youtube comment
section in search of evil revivals
pretty sure correct me if I'm wrong but
the Bible has many instances of incest
within it also if we listen to
everything the Bible says and that's our
only evidence for how we conduct
ourselves in real life saying realize
because the Bible is just very very very
old poorly written fiction then I would
be murdering anyone who's done any wrong
to me I would be subservient to all men
and I would have a wonderful slave I
think in this day and age we can stop
looking toward the Bible and just
nitpicking all the good parts of it and
rather just follow laws and use common
sense and make up your own moral code
also interest whatever your tattoos is
awesome and the picture is like some
woman taping over a bit dudes nipples
some political statement about how you
know women's nipples are the same as
men's nipples and we should just you
know free the nipple or maybe some weird
shit about how we should decide all
nipples I don't know have you ever had
sex with Sumerian yogurt than you how
did I read this and immediately know
that he meant to type someone younger
but autocorrect literally fucked him in
the ass with like a 10-foot cucumber no
worse oh you just like to marry and
yogurt it what is what is what is that
it's capitalized to I have had sex with
someone younger than me but I don't
prefer it I prefer slightly older to
five to ten years older men but I'm also
not opposed to being a cougar when I get
so old that that age is not attractive
anymore and go I'm for like hot 20 year
old dudes hope that answers your
question I know not of Sumerian youger
your lipstick makes you look like a
clown can I come on your face that
escalated quickly could not have said it
better had to up vote no you can't I am
NOT going to help you live out your
clown fetish i watch fucking everything
in your body oh my god
you are so sexy he wants to or would
fuck everything into my body not the
more external orifices not even a nose
or the armpits or the thigh gap or the
feet
he wants to fuck my internal organs to
be fair the vagina and the anus do
insert pretty far into my body
but he did say everything in my body my
lungs and my pancreas just fuck it all
I'm that sexy just that is a hefty
compliment I am flattered you would
brave my inner organs and all the smells
and colors and liquids that would come
with that just because you find my
external beauty so please yes or no you
married with me
well I filed my taxes this year as a
single person so pretty sure I'm not
that was too hard for you no is the
answer you have to be the ugliest most
ghastly disgusting human being I've ever
seen dot dot
period you could have just taken that
word period and turned it into an actual
period so that you finished your
ellipses just a thought just a thought
also the ugliest most disgusting human
being you've ever seen that's not an
emotional over exaggeration at all I
would love to see what your type is I
would slap her all the time just to keep
her quiet so much shit coming out of her
mouth her environment must be infectious
it's like a women are supposed to speak
or just me in particular kind of thing
also my surroundings my environment is
infectious
I am infectious infectious laughs
infectious kiss infectious blowjob
infectious tight wet pussy wow that that
makes it sound like I have some kind of
STD never mind moving on point lost hi
IDOT shot at the Cincinnati Metro Park
Zoo for trying to kill a lil nigga
twosome I am God but really I am just a
gorilla with an alcohol issue and for
some reason I have this picture of a
white gorilla in my terror reads
comments folder I have no idea why I'm
sure when I saved this comment a while
back I had some reason for putting that
in there but I don't remember so here's
my white gorilla you're always looking
smoking hot but just for fun and just to
fuck with people and you should do a
video not looking hot just to troll your
haters and see if they still hate on you
I know it will be hard for you not to
look hot but it's worth a try I have to
stream after this otherwise I would take
you up on your offer damn it it would be
so fun to try to get a unanimous damn
this bitch is ugly response from
everyone in the common it's an
interesting idea
I don't think people would hate on me
less I think they would compare my
current appearance my usual appearance
and then get some kind of rise out of
the fact that I can be ugly like yes
she's not that pretty without that
makeup she wears or whatever fucking
insipid nonsan if you could be anything
else you besides YouTube what would it
be
have you ever been gang banded also
how's your day if I could be anything
else me besides YouTube whatever that
means I would be a penguin they seem to
have a pretty fun life walruses
sometimes use them as play toys to
murder and throw around as a game I can
be black and white so I'm impervious
from any of the fucking s eww bullshit
have I ever been ganged banded gangs
banded gangbangs no I wish also my day
is going pretty well how about you wait
you don't play first-person games
because it's unethical you for real
please explain let's take a look at the
clip where I said that playing FPS games
is unethical that boy you fuck with asks
have you played portal well as a
principal I decided not to play portal
even though it seems to be a really good
game because well it's first-person and
I believe it is unethical to make games
in the first-person perspective quite
possibly that was a joke no you still
don't think it was okay let's go into
depth on why I think playing
first-person games unethical
well purportedly it is a more realistic
perspective but instead of having
centered vision and then peripheral
vision it's very hard to focus so I feel
like it's unethical for the developers
and people who like first person games
to say that it's a more realistic
perspective when really it's just a
dizzying concoction of bullshit where
you can't see how badass your character
is in your hands look like this let me
get glad for that representation I'm
looking for a dildo Oh also chance
what's up there Oh
into the darkness okay we have to do
picture and picture and that the realism
that's realistic and enjoyable to you
have fun with it
but it's unethical another reason why
first-person games might be unethical is
because if you feel more in
version playing a first-person game and
it's actually like you're killing people
and enjoying it how is that not
unethical I did my best to argue some
retarded Twilight Zone version of the
devil's advocate on that one you're
fucking crazy
my fucking crazy what eleven upvote you
have a mental illness guys please pray
for her because that'll help you should
pray for yourself eleven upvotes also is
it me or is it quite possible that Luke
Martinez has ten other accounts on
YouTube
just a thought right bitch had enough
you kiss ass like Hillary and you're
just as fake I did like you till I seen
all the love you give for racist comment
that black give white fuck your white
shaming I have no shame for being white
and nor should anyone else who is white
your skin color has nothing to do with
anything on the inside of you it's
literally just something aesthetic about
you that you have no control over and
anyone who thinks that anyone is
different on the inside because of its
absolute fucking imbeciles I don't even
know what you're referring to
I supported some black comments that was
racist against whites highly highly
doubtful and lastly we have this tweet
from Oh be my friend my BBC 3x gaming
his link will be in the description
because you know he just was fuckin
badass as I mentioned him might as well
give him a little bit of exposure he
says at Tara Babcock
save this for the next TRC lawl so on
one of my videos I think it was the one
about PewDiePie being Hitler so I'm
Hitler or something like that yeah yeah
Deutschland Deutschland Hitler I love
Hitler loving a man hundreds of years
dead Congrats you're the first
homosexual necrophiliac I've ever
interacted with truly it must have been
a wonderful experience for him
especially since you're probably the
first free black man he's ever talked to
I hope you guys liked this episode like
the video and subscribe if you did enjoy
there will be two videos over here that
you can watch if you're watching on
YouTube if not just gonna look like a
weird screen
sorry guys on vid me they really need to
make outro screen as possible oh and a
dislike button and a few other things
but I absolutely love vid me so if you
want to check me out on vid me as well
it's vid me I'll have the link in the
description I'm posting videos there as
well as here right now I'm currently
posting my favorite videos from both of
my YouTube channels onto there so it's
cool it's kind of like a collective of
all things Tara
I hope this made you laugh and made your
day a little bit better
and as always the comments section is
open so if you want to post support
criticism or something stupid for next
time next Tara reads your fucking
comments feel free to do so I'll see you
guys in the next video I absolutely love
you guys are fucking amazing ah that's
my offer voice isn't it fucking awful
bye guys gosh lis disgusting human being
turn off the camera
