feminists like to lump everyone into one
category because they themselves are so
vacuous that they don't have anything
more than the one category feminist
female so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want I
don't usually do videos like this like
random off-the-cuff I had a thought
video but I think I'm gonna start doing
this and compiling them together because
I often lose my train of thought or like
one point that I wanted to make if I
don't write it down and when I write it
down I'm like I don't really want to say
this anymore I'm hourly interested in
this topic anymore or I don't want to go
through the whole like production of
doing like a scripted video so I was
watching an ancestor W it was actually
an anti-feminist video by amazing
atheist about girls saying that there's
sexism in the bedroom and one of the
things I don't really like about
feminism and I want to make a whole
video on why I'm not a feminist but the
whole premise of feminism initially was
equal rights correct well since we have
that in the Western world and we can't
really do anything at least tangibly at
the moment to change the third world
where women don't have the same rights
as men it seems like feminism is just a
cut down the middle line of them arguing
about what is right and what is wrong
what will give women more equality and
it honestly seems like half the people
think one thing and half the people
think a completely opposite thing I feel
like for a movement to actually be
useful at all there has to be some kind
of cohesion with the actual idea of
where they want the movement to go what
they want to improve with the movement
like even with black lives matter at
least it's like less police brutality
against black people even as there's
more nuance to that issue or even if
they're wrong in a way that they're
doing it at least they have a cohesive
reason why they exist with feminism
since we do have the Equal Rights it
seems like when half the people think
that you know women shouldn't be so open
with their sexuality other half the
people are doing slut walks and in the
amazing atheist video a woman was making
a point about how they have to worry so
much about the birth control aspect like
not having a kid like oh we have to take
the birth control pill oh we have to
take the morning-after pill we have to
be the ones that worry about telling you
to wrap your junk but then on the other
hand a bunch of scientists are trying to
create a male birth control pill and
then a bunch of feminists are getting
all bent out of shape about that saying
like oh well we can't control the
narrative of reproduction like literal
narrative of reproduction that's how it
seems and it's so ridiculous but it's
basically just like feminism is a huge
amalgam of a bunch of people's personal
perceptions based on their own biases
and then their own personal opinions and
they just apply it to the word feminism
like I don't like sex women should be
more modest
I'm a feminist I love sex I want to be
able to take my tits out wherever I want
feminism it's just it's ridiculous like
feminists can be anything and they have
so many opposing ideas and so many
conflicting ideas that it's just like a
clusterfuck of people thought policing
trying to control outcome rather than
actual equality i 100% agreed that early
feminism did a lot of stuff for us and
i'm grateful for the early feminists the
first and the second wave feminists who
actually made changes tangible changes
that even though i don't care about them
i don't care about the right to vote and
stuff and i don't need to worry about
equal wages or anything like that
today's feminists are just whiny bitches
that want to make nothing fun they're
too emotional to think logically or to
think rationally to understand that your
feelings are not as important as
someone's right to freedom of speech
basically just anything that has to do
with the word woman or that you can
construe to has to do with the word
woman is a feminist issue and then you
have intersectional feminism which is
just like anyone's inequality in any way
where they're perceived real unrealistic
realistic oh yeah that's a feminist
issue my feet to get calluses when i
walk too much
that's a feminist issue and I just hit
my fucking leg on this that yo this
chair it's got sides because men want to
stick their arms on them and you know
all gamers and this is a gaming chair
predominantly male so this is a fucking
feminist issue guys this is a feminist
issue the fact that my shirt doesn't sit
right because people don't make sure
it's for big kitty bitches with skinny
waists oh that's a fucking feminist
issue because you know men are the ones
that are predominantly creating clothes
I don't know it's just a bunch of
bullshit and made-up statistics if
they're not made-up statistics there
six that are skewed and misrepresented
in a way that doesn't make any sense
there's so much nuance in the statistics
like we know why the wage gap wage gap
exists and it's not an actual wage gap
it's a discrepancy in what women choose
to do with their careers how much they
choose to work and quite probably if we
just did a thought experiment to think
about why there might still be a wage
Gaza's and control for all of those
things we see that women of their own
volition just choose not to go into
higher paying jobs choose not to
negotiate more women have the right to
do this it's illegal to pay women
differently so why don't women take this
initiative why don't women choose to go
into STEM fields in technological fields
yes our environment might play some kind
of role in what we like and what we want
to do I'm sure my environment has shaped
me even growing up in a household where
my parents gave me both male and female
toys if you can gender certain types of
toys and I chose to tear the heads off
of Barbies and play video games rather
than playing with dolls but I also chose
to look like a blonde bimbo because
that's my aesthetic one of the bigger
problems with feminism in my opinion is
that there's so much using titles and
labels to define things rather than
actually having individuality and I feel
like if these women actually had
individuality instead of defining
themselves as feminists and realizing
that the reason there's so many
contradictory opinions is because you
guys are individuals with individual
problems that you're attributing to
feminism when that doesn't make any
sense because feminism is about equality
and you guys fucking have equality in
the Western world by law you can't
control the outcome of things you can't
control what people think and you should
not be able to control freedom of speech
the media what someone wants to
fantasize about what someone wants to
make art about and if someone wants to
argue you if tomorrow's to argue it's a
good thing dissenting opinions are a
good thing if you don't hear the
opposing side you can't properly form
your own side and I've just turned this
into an entire video this is not my why
I'm not a feminist video but I've never
done this before I often have this issue
where I can never eloquently state what
I feel and what I'm thinking because I
wait so long to film the video and
usually like I'm in the middle of the
night I'm supposed to be sleeping and
I'm laying there I'm like I'm not going
to get but fucking film a video but
maybe I should be more like that maybe I
should be more off the cuff and just
when something inspires me and when I
want to talk about something I just go
ahead and fucking make a quick vlog
and if you guys don't like that I can
always just stop posting them but I feel
like a lot of the videos that I want to
do get pushed to the wayside because
it's just a clusterfuck of things that I
write in a notepad on my phone or a
clusterfuck of ideas that I forget the
moment I step out of the shower or stop
sleeping I hope you guys enjoyed this
little thought process stream of
consciousness that I'm actually going to
turn into a video probably at some point
maybe I'll upload it when I'm moving and
don't have all the videos that I would
need to make my channel thrive and to
make you guys happy thanks for watching
me rant for a little bit bye okay okay I
wanted to clarify Vlad can you please
focus okay I'll give you enough light to
focus just focus on me I exist okay one
more thought I had by saying that a
movement needs to have some kind of
cohesion or some kind of understandable
point that they're trying to accomplish
I don't necessarily mean I definitely
don't mean not even necessarily I don't
at all mean that everyone in the
feminist movement if they're trying to
make a change about something like let's
say back in the day if they're trying to
make a change so all women can vote or
all women can be allowed to do whatever
the fuck whatever the fuck the first and
second way feminists did they wanted to
accomplish that but it was a wide
variety of different personalities that
made up the feminist movement and the
fact that that exists today but
everyone's disagreeing on what they're
even trying to accomplish like some are
trying to accomplish complete antithesis
ideas of what others are trying to
accomplish like allow me to 100% control
birth control no the men should have
some of that on them men shouldn't be
cat calling me why are men not finding
me attractive it's just ridiculous
opposing points you can have all of
these opinions but they shouldn't be
part of what drives you to go along with
a movement it should be a bigger picture
thing not alike this is my flavor of the
week opinion or this is one anecdotal
evidence atrocity that men have wrought
on women the movement is just full of so
many people and it might not even be the
majority but it's the vast vocal
majority of people who don't even know
what they're talking about don't even
know what they want and can't think
about anything logically or think beyond
any kind of anecdote if your evidence
for the fact that you're not equal is
the fact that you were a few times and
treated in equal that's not good enough
grants to start an entire movement
that's not
grounds to follow or to support a
movement and stop using this movement as
your identity you're more than just
someone who supports feminism just a few
more things I don't understand about
feminists and yes for those of you
wondering if I do bring in a new
audience of people with this video
somehow because I don't usually do
videos like this at least not on the
topic of feminism too much I've like two
or three others I am very much
anti-feminist I don't identify as an
anti-feminist but if you asked me what I
believe do I believe in feminism
modern-day feminism do I support it no
not at all I am much more than a label
you should be too and your political and
social beliefs and your ideologies for
life should be more than split second
anecdotal emotional impressions also
some Nassim to see things through this
like distorted perspective I was at the
gym the other day and I was getting a
shake and this guy I had all my stuff
right there like I was clearly the next
customer and the girl was working on a
shake for the guy before me and this guy
who was standing behind me when the girl
came up to say hey sir to the guy behind
him who is shake it was he completely
just like surpassed me and all my stuff
and started ordering he didn't realize
that he had just cut me in line and I
understood that he in reality I can't
even tell for sure because I can't get
inside the guy's head and feminists
believe that they can get inside guys
heads to see intent or that intent
doesn't matter I'm not quite sure I
think it depends vastly on which
feminists you talk to but I feel like a
lot of feminists would have taken that
as like a sexist thing like he's trying
to step up in front of me or he's trying
to cut me in line because he thinks he
is worth more than me you know
but I understand that it was just a
misunderstanding and if he happens to be
an asshole he's not representative of
the whole species of male feminists like
to lump everyone into one category
because they themselves are so vacuous
that they don't have anything more than
the one category feminist female at
least that's what it seems and that's my
perspective and I actually have evidence
to back up that perspective rather than
just biases
