J thinks I look really hot in the
leggings I'm wearing today what do you
guys think hey guys and welcome to a new
episode of Friday night mail the show
all about you guys the viewers so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want I hope you guys
had a wonderful week I for one did and
I'm ready to open your fucking packages
answer your fucking questions and give
you guys some free shit first things
first is the winner of last week's
giveaway the winners name happens to be
Aaron E congratulations Aaron e Aaron
wanted a rage be next for his wife I'm
gonna send that off to him as soon as I
get it in he was all like I want a woman
sighs and I'm like are you sure you want
a woman sighs and he's like yes for my
wife Oh true love when you get your
woman a shirt that says it's okay to
rage anyway if you guys want to sign up
for this week's giveaway the link as
always in the description at the very
top it will set up a time giveaway in
all caps and then the link and if you
happen to be the winner you get your
choice of one of three things a merch
item from my store an autographed
eight-by-ten or a steam game of your
choice and I want to be more diligent
and vocal in thanking my patrons you
guys are fucking amazing I'll have an in
between weeks and service Friday up
pretty soon today if it's not already up
you guys are the reason that I can even
afford giveaways and I am so eternally
grateful to every single one of you over
there if you want to take part in
fanservice Friday I know a lot of people
are still asking where did fanservice
Friday go over on patreon for a dollar
there are other tears as well you can
get selfie reviews autographed
eight-by-tens every month etc etc but no
more that shit let's just go ahead and
answer your question the first question
this week is from D Mandy Haiti man he
says question I had been out of high
school for about six months now and I'm
being pressured by everyone to get a job
but I have no idea what to do I really
do not want to end up in a typical
nine-to-five job where I become a
corporate slave I would honestly rather
die so my question is how do I find the
right job for me this is an extremely
extremely hard question for me because I
personally struggled with this in high
school and it just became obvious
through me trying different things and
exploring Who I am on the inside what my
interests are I was able to decide that
I wanted to do something in the
entertainment industry so I tried
modeling which allowed me to express
myself sexually and artistically that
happened to actually pan out and I was
making enough money to survive and
making enough money to save for the
future a late
most of the time even though it is a
very variable unstable income
unfortunately a lot of people out there
just aren't that lucky
some people are forced into nine-to-five
because they don't have any other skill
or talent but not everyone has to get
into like alternative ways of living or
alternative jobs in order to be happy
you're probably not someone who wants to
get into a nine-to-five desk job but
maybe there's some regular job that
would hold your interest honestly for
this I just recommend introspection what
are your interests what are your
strengths what can you see yourself
doing while being happy at the same time
sometimes your goals might require that
you do get a nine-to-five job for a
while just to save up some money
everyone in the world needs money to
survive to save to start a business to
get a loan so don't feel like if you get
a regular job now a regular job then
you're going to be stuck in some
monotonous mediocre nine-to-five for the
rest of your life becoming a corporate
slave is something that people who are
complacent do sometimes even
unconsciously the years just passed by
and they're content but you seem to have
the mindset where you want something
better so you're not going to get stuck
there and if you're ever stuck in a
place where you're not happy just know
that you can always improve and a
journey from an unhappy life to a happy
life can be fun in itself next question
oh yes it's another question from
Brittany she says hey there again Tara
question do you get recognized often do
you like it or your experience is mostly
positive or negative your devoted fan
girl Brittany love you Brittany you
always have the best fucking questions
okay so I don't get recognized as often
as you would think I got recognized a
lot more when I was a model but that's
probably because I was outside out and
about more I also did local radio shows
and local concerts so people saw me from
there and then recognized me whereas now
I'm more global but if you think about
it even PewDiePie isn't as famous of
something like Mickey Mouse which is a
household name I think still in this
generation the YouTube community is
still a tiny tiny community and I'm a
tiny tiny Channel in that tiny community
not to take away from anyone with a
smaller audience than mine but in the
grand scheme of things I'm not that
recognizable I don't really expect
people to recognize me but when they do
and I usually don't come up to me I
would prefer if they did I love giving
hugs and stuff as long as the person
coming up to me as I'm pushing any
boundaries they're not like following me
home for being disrespectful and trying
to grab me without permission I love
meeting you guys I like going to
conventions and stuff that's so much fun
there was one time that I had a bad
interaction with someone who recognized
me I was at my Community College back in
Highschool for those of you who are
confused I did the Running Start program
and I was walking to my car and some
dude comes up and he's like are you Tara
Babcock and I'm like yeah and then he's
like oh my god I love your work in your
pictures you're so beautiful blah blah I
roll my eyes because he became a creeps
not because someone saying I'm beautiful
is like something I just peasant I told
him I had to go because I had to make it
to J's University to pick him up and he
wanted to keep me there and he ended up
grabbing my arm to try and make me stay
and I told him to not fucking touch me
and then I got in my car I left the end
nothing too crazy last question is from
Mike Wazowski Monsters Inc question
you've stated in the past that you would
have rather demonstrated your deep
flirting skills on a real cock but
couldn't because of the restrictions of
YouTube now that it's all on Vimeo we'd
be willing to redo that episode of
fanservice Friday I think you
misunderstood what I said I probably
said something along the lines of but
that wouldn't be okay or like but that
would be porn I'm not interested in
doing porn of any kind even if I was not
nude and I was sucking on a dick I'm not
interested in posting that if there was
a possible way that I could post into
patreon and it stayed only on patreon or
only within like a really small group of
people which is just unrealistic I would
be more inclined to do if it's still the
only reason I would even think of doing
is because I would like to do it for
myself just to have it as of right now
I'm not interested in posting anything
like that to the public it's just my own
personal preference and if you would
like to go into why you can watch my
video entitled why I don't do porn sorry
for the misunderstanding it wasn't just
because of YouTube alright guys if you
want to ask me anything anything at all
for next week's episode don't forget to
post it in the comments literally
anything make it good if it starts off
with question like dwight shrute you're
more apt to be picked moving on let's
open some packages whoa okay so there's
this there's like a letter from Merle
but first we're going to do this I'm
hoping it's some fucking leggings oh
tetris leggings look at this look at
this Tetris all on my legs one moment
oh my god and I'm out of breath because
I got up for two seconds it's a wonder
how I can do cardio almost every day and
still be out of breath while changing
into tight leggings as always with these
leggings from China there's no note but
thank you so much to whoever sent them
to me they're absolutely awesome I'm
going to be taking pictures in these
because I love my gaming-related
leggings okay let's open marled letter
this is from Merle all right what's
Merle got to say you can edit this one
on the fly you have the talent you need
a hug you have a beautiful body in mind
you are a great role model but you don't
have to be it happens my example you
can't help it
you're so beautifully proportioned that
your height cannot be ascertained
without a known reference for nine or
six - I enjoy your sexuality even though
I cannot act upon it you are one of my
principal forms of entertainment since
my wife lives in another town 23 miles
away keep on doing what you're doing
because I love it I hate the idea of
thought please me too
also I'm 5'4 point of reference that
Mario star so I'm roughly twice as tall
of Mario Oh Mario so sad for you I bet a
year's salary that Tara Babcock is your
real name
dammit now I wish it weren't just
kidding I would never take your year's
salary I don't have much to lose since
I'm retired
you are as real and genuine as quantum
probabilities allow you to be I am
willing to bet do you have g-spot
orgasms - I do my wife Robin did - until
their cancer robbed her of desire and
feelings all it sucks I'm sorry but like
really sucks feelings like touch are
like emotions because they removed her
thyroid gland she was forced into early
menopause thereby removing any sexual
desires you don't have sexual desires
after menopause I'm gonna have to take
supplements or something
suicide Tara have you done a vlog on the
g-spot how it is a more intense orgasm
than the clitoral orgasm if not you
should enlightenment is healthy I would
have to do more research to see if
that's the case for every single woman I
do feel like my g-spot orgasms are more
intense all over but more dull it's
really hard to explain have you ever
noticed the trend in women today is to
be thin especially the teenagers they
look like copies of their Barbie doll I
feel the opposite I feel like sickness
is what's coveted today and most people
are overweight where do you live I also
wonder what difficulties of surgeon
faces when he slashed she has one of
these six figures on the table you look
just right check out
you know heart on the internet she is
short with big boobs and great to ops
check her out
did you get your health issues sorted
out not yet neurology on May 10th I do
wish you a long and fruitful life there
should be more people like you in this
world you're two people who will still
write letters even if they're typed I
know you cannot be duplicated but that's
alright if it weren't for good people
like yourselves will go to hell in a
hurry after all the age of mammals has
been extremely short I would like to
proceed for many thousands of years if
we can stop raping our home planet I
miss the intellectual repartee of
college you are the most
thought-provoking vlogger I have found
oh thank you I graduated from college
the first time in 1959 after spending 11
years in night school I obtained two
more degrees I would hate to lose you
you make me laugh and cheer and all of
those emotional things we humans indulge
in this is such a sweet letter I love it
keep on being awesome we will talk later
sincerely Merle psi added my wife's
maiden name to my last name that is
where the blank comes from not sure if I
want to divulge his last name do you
know how many of my name are in this
country Merle blank 52 so that's why you
added the - there's a terrible cock
another one that lives in this city and
she's a gun-toting conservative
Republican PPS you could have any
college degree you wanted all you need
is desire and a respect for academia
thank you so much Morel this is so sweet
I have I'm gonna have like an entire
area in my binder just for you
you are fucking wonderful thank you so
much for watching my videos I really
hope you continue to appreciate them as
I evolve as a content creator and of the
person for your next letter tell me what
you liked and disliked about my changes
from 2013 to now I would really love to
hear it alright moving on we've got our
Dollar Shave Club of the month I still
don't know why I'm getting these but I'm
using the razors and aside from them
randomly cutting the shit out of me
they're pretty good razors got another
pack of razors all yeah if you guys want
to check out Dollar Shave Club the link
will be in the description and if this
is not sponsored I'm actually quite
confused about why I even get these
bathroom minutes we've got our little
there's chickens spring chicken farm
they have Springs on their asses and
their chicken let me show you with Vlad
it's funny other razors that get cut at
the gym not by your razor but I get cut
by these like literally all the time
you're like I'm doing it wrong or using
the wrong shaving cream or something I
don't know but anyway thank you Dollar
Shave Club I appreciate it
some Oh God so bladder you okay no he's
okay I love you glad I would never want
to hurt you stay there you don't salt
some free publicity for you shave club
okay we have a package from Sean black I
have to restart my thing real quick hold
on we have a package from Sean black oh
I can't even imagine what have we got
this time we've got a letter and rogue
one and blue rain it's got the
holographic cover oh yes thank you
I likes rogue one better than force
awakens' I know that's probably an
unpopular opinion but I did and I
thought I wouldn't I went in there with
complete pessimism about this movie and
it was actually pretty good even though
the characters weren't like stream ly
likable or anything it was just like an
interesting story I don't know I enjoyed
it
let me know what you thought of rogue
one versus force awakens and what you
think of the future of the franchise in
general G I'm pretty sure mom's had to
hunt for eggs at the Schmidt house not
the shit house Oh
ten dollars on a Nintendo eShop hope
your Easter is a shitload of fun have a
happy Easter from Shaun happy Easter to
you baby thank you so much this is
always helpful free AR card inside was
cool
there is Thank You Sean you're fuckin
bad this is awesome
trying to look like peach is it working
we've got this package from Lenny's
novelty on Amazon no no no package
peanuts we've got some penis soap for
external use only oh my god it smells so
good they really really need to use this
soap in jail this should be the official
soap of the u.s. correctional facilities
should we start a petition should we go
to change org it would give a whole new
meaning to drop the soap it wouldn't be
drop the soap it would be pick up the
soap or put the soap at a vertical angle
and sit on the soap not to joke about
male rape here I don't know about this
for me do I know I don't know about this
Gloria but thank you so much
I love how the frenulum is just like
right there for the lickin do not lick
external use only they really think that
people are going to buy this and go like
have so passed dildo
this is the way I want to clean my
vagina this is a UTI waiting to happen
moving on
heavy package yo Terra feat Jigga seats
wall
enjoy Peter vigil jr. and he put his
numbers which is not for you with for me
ah
we've got Witcher 3 shot glasses school
of the Griffin right yeah school of the
Griffin school of the cat school of the
cat I've been played for like two weeks
and now I don't fucking remember
anything and school the wolf whoa these
are fucking cool it says which is
rewilding on the back let me let me show
you is Vlad I'm like clinking them
around all over the place because my
fucking depth perception is all suck all
right here we have just focus Vlad Vlad
there we go oh yes they look like that
that's pretty fucking cool I love it
thank you so much why are we talking
about feet Jigga though what is that
thing let's find out what the other
thing is don't look at my penis he goes
down to my knees okay Peter what else
did you get what is this it's so heavy
oh it says it's breakable Oh
oh my god okay so this is supposed to
old make up stuff of mine and it also
had these pretty beads that I can stick
my makeup brushes into holy crap the
thing is like really heavy like
surprisingly heavy so it opens like this
so I go like this yeah there we go
that's better up like that and then down
here oh my god is it broken
it's broken Peter you I'm still going to
use this obviously but Peter you should
put in a complaint that it was broken or
something I don't know it's like really
broken it's really sturdy how could it
possibly be broken that's insane
especially because it's the inner box I
like the little little knob here and I'm
definitely going to be using this for
all of my makeup brushes I think it's
really cool it's way bigger than I
thought it would be thank you so much
Peter you're fucking awesome actually
have some soap on my leggings now
because the penis was getting sweaty
between my legs penis in a box should we
take a thumbnail penis and box my
upstairs neighbors are being loud you
can't hear because I have a good road
bike now that cancels out any other
bothersome noise bothers of noise
once again my second debut as a metal
singer
I would totally trade up at least the
modeling gig maybe not the YouTube gig
but I would totally trade up the
modeling gig for being a lead growler in
a metal band or if I could do like
operatic vocals for some
frog metal bands like epica that would
be so cool I am far too untalented for
something like that all right we have
one last thing and I know what it is and
I could not be more excited I could not
oh please find in this package the
personified premium edition quite a
stupid huge blunder I made on the
original order on Amazon before
thankfully this is a solution not sure
how good of a solution though of course
I promised myself in you two I will not
make such a stupid silly mistake again
that would be totally unacceptable for
more I'm standing the first one was
unacceptable
I hope I did not make any grammar errors
in this letter because then I would be
in even more trouble I assume you missed
a few commas but I don't like the fact
that this is not colorful with a bunch
of pictures like the last one
what the fuck rubber time you're getting
lazy on me I used to have a PS Vita and
have some games left they are region
free from what I read so maybe you can
have some fun with those games persona 4
is included - oh cool I know you have a
Vita - also I have Disgaea 5 love you
lovely LM tu your loyal servant plus
Gwent cards we're going to go everything
then we're going to go the collector's
edition but we're not going to be
actually on packaging the collector's
edition because I'm gonna be doing that
on the gaming channel youtube.com / /
Babcock games check it out
you know why is there like some nasty
tissue in here robert ong is it's your
cum rag why are you sending me the Gwent
cards without the plant boxes why didn't
you send me the boxes the boxes are
pretty this slave of mine is not a good
slave all right we got persona 4 golden
for PS Vita which is awesome because I
have literally one game for my PS via oh
my god if you're wondering my eyes are
red I just got my eyelashes done today
and one just fell off I swear I don't
know my eyes are just sensitive today I
need to go see the high doctor again for
sure LittleBigPlanet PS Vita Oh Metal
Gear Solid HD collection Metal Gear
Solid 2 and 3 second place Snake Eater
on my Vita now that's fucking cool I
want to play Snake Eater on the DFO
Uncharted I've never played Uncharted so
that will be fun and memories is so
setup here's this guy a 5 on ps4
persona 5 kick your heart premium
edition I'm so excited it has a Morgana
plushie and a fucking bag oh my god art
book sounds of rebellion it has a
steelbook edition so I have to steal
books now - the different language so
it's hard to tell what it's saying leaf
over dog out of seeing gear on
students gotten our school got chillin
Metea Rendon and OH part-time work Dutch
is such a stupid fucking language and
this is clearly not German the next one
is German or something or one of these
is correct one of them is French and one
of them is German I think I am so
excited to unbox this I've been playing
for Sona five and it's fucking him even
represent us have done it in rubber song
is like an idiot
so if an idiot like Robert ton can get
into it you can too
I highly recommend it I also highly
recommend three and four I haven't
played one or two because they're a
little bit older than my time or at
least when I got into persona and
showing how intense a games but one of
my favorite franchises of all time
brand-new check it out I love you guys
so much thank you so much for everything
Merl for sending me the letter literally
everyone else who sent me anything or
even thought of me thank you so much
thank you to whoever sent me these
leggings are fucking perfect everything
you guys send me is fucking perfect I
really appreciate you from the bottom of
my fucking heart thank you so much to
everyone watching here and on vid me I
don't know if I'm posting this on Vimeo
anyone who subscribes to me there or
people on my patreon you guys are the
real heroes of my fucking career my
ability to continue to make content for
you well I fucking love you have a
wonderful fucking weekend and I hope to
see you on stream you're seeing this
tomorrow so hello future viewers future
tera future stuff nah take a back up
thumbnail just in case
hi guys
