hey guys welcome to a video about my
favorite shit of April 2017 kind of can
you believe it I actually got this out
on time so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
alright let's just go ahead and jump
right into this because I have a lot of
really fucking awesome shit that's made
my favorites list this month and if you
guys are new to this series since I am
posting things on vid me now as well as
YouTube this is a favorites video all
about many different genres of things
favorites videos are usually more for
the beauty community a bunch of girls
talking about which makeups they love of
the month but I thought I would take it
and turn it into a Tara style video
where everything from every genre of
everything that I like sex porn stars
video games movies TV and girly things
are all right here in one place and I do
it every month kind of without further
ado let's get the fuck into it the first
category of the day is text edition by
the way don't you just love my curly ass
fucking hair today it's so unmanageable
look what I was going to wear today but
I decided it didn't look too good on
camera this is a Pink Floyd fucking
onesie it's got side boob up the fucking
ass and it looks great thank you Alex
for letting me know these exists in the
junior section of JC Penney's this month
let's just add this and the other one
that I bought which I don't know where I
put it on the list of unofficial
favorites of the month
okay so sex position my sex position of
the month is piledriver I've looked back
through all of the episodes and I
realize that I never talked about
piledrivers at least I think if I'm
wrong post in the comments I fuck up I'm
not perfect so a piledriver is a little
bit different in sex and it is in WWF
sorry I mean E you're not picking
someone up and throwing them down but
you are putting them in that position
and then fucking them so imagine you're
in the setting of a yoga class you're
lying on your back and then you lift up
your hips and you put your hips over
your head while still having your head
and neck and shoulders planted firmly on
the ground
so in this visual which I'm going to be
posting right here on the screen so you
guys actually know what the fuck I'm
talking about
you're a simplicity you're facing
directly up in the air and if I'm
talking to a guy if you're a guy you're
a simplicity or not up in the air but
the metaphorical girl or your
girlfriend's ass and pussy are up in the
air a man can then stand over her squat
down a little bit and just insert
himself while grabbing her hips flash
legs and she gets to look up through her
legs at the action if you
things to note about it it can be a hard
stretch if you're not too flexible I
happen to be flexible but it still kind
of makes me feel like oh my god if I
engage in rough sex in this position I
could never walk again is it worth it
that question can be answered by how
good the orgasm is another reason why I
don't do this that often is that air can
be trapped in the vagina very easily in
this position if a guy goes in and out
and keeps inserting himself in and out
not like regular in and out which is
what sex is obviously for the virgins
out there who were so sheltered they
became you know
Ed Gein Scott I'm feeling particularly
funny today hit that like button if you
agree hit that dislike button if you
find me obnoxious anyway so if your guy
pulls all the way out or you pull the
way out there is a potential of getting
more air trapped in there then there's
queef potential which if you're down
with I'm down with but at a certain
point it could be uncomfortable to have
air trapped in your vagina also if you
don't have the fittest splat of stomach
which I have had and just have not had
it can be quite unflattering for you to
look straight up at your stomach
crunched over like that obviously the
guy's not going to care you can't even
really see it but just doesn't know it
it's not a position that's particularly
flattering for girls who might be
insecure about their bodies at the
moment specifically their stomachs this
is a sex position that you see a lot in
porn as well so if you want to go look
that up to get more tips on how to pull
this off Google is your oyster and the
piledriver in porn is your pearl inside
moving on I'm sorry guys I just happen
to be super excited about the fact that
after this I'm going to go stream some
yooka laylee who it's from the creators
of banjo kazooie and some of the 3d
Donkey Kong games so I'm pretty excited
about it is basically just a sequel of
banjo kazooie but with a different name
because of copyright issues at least
that's what I've heard
so yeah let's do this so I can get to
the stream next category is ten star
this month porn star is Jeana Lynne and
goddamn that ass we had like a fake look
and ass back when fake asses were not
really a thing she's one of the few porn
stars that has the blonde bombshell look
and nice tits while also being super fit
and actually looking like she goes to
the gym the only caveat with her is that
she often sucks this blonde like
bleached blonde guy so I got overweight
Eminem want to be and I can't stand him
I don't know I don't like his dick but
when she fucks other guys I recently
watched her fuck a black dude it was
pretty hot another downfall of her is
that she occasionally has one or two
pimples on her butt
we've all been there at least one
in our lives let's admit what am I
talking about anyway gee Noland hot
blonde decent face really tiny nipples
love that shit nice boobs a tight fit
body that's not too thin and definitely
isn't overweight I recommend you check
her out if you're one of the newbies
support if you're a younger dude if
you're like a teen or something you
might not have heard of her so check her
out she has a lot of HD porn which
sometimes isn't common for the porn
stars in older generations and if I'm
wrong about her being retired please do
let me know because I would love to see
some new G Nolan action next we have the
games of the month
I am so tempted to put persona 5 in this
month's category but I'm going to wait
until next month even though I'm
absolutely adoring that game I might be
a little biased though because Shin
Megami Tensei is one of my favorite
franchises and I played persona 3 and 4
beforehand
I love the fact that they deal with
philosophical and psychological issues
while putting it into a neat little
package as JRPG high school drama dating
people making choices leveling up and
appropriating demons if you guys have
been watching my stream lately you've
seen me play Shin Megami Tensei 4 so you
might have it just about the game is
this is just more high school kids
centered and one last thing about should
Megami Tensei if you haven't played
Megami Tensei Nocturne one of my
favorite games of all time you can get
dante as a demon yes dante some devil
may cry anyway games from this month the
first game we have is lucius d make i
tried this game on my stream recently
and it's pretty cool there's a game
called lucius i think it's based on the
omen kids but it's an older game and
they remade the game but they D made it
so instead of it being better graphics
it's like 2d graphics and it's really
cute you go around the house using
different items turning upside down
crosses and killing everyone in your
house and nobody has any idea it's you
really cute game I definitely recommend
it the next game we have is switch or
die trying' this is a game that I got
sent to me by the developers that
usually means it's an indie title and it
is an indie title trying to like super
meatboy but not exactly you have to get
through a bunch of different levels as
quickly as you can and you can switch
between certain forms that make you able
to get through the level but switching
totally fucks your mind so until you get
used to it it's like really hard to do
mechanically I actually spent 45 minutes
on one level which I've been meaning to
highlight because it's absolutely
hilarious I was sweating I was drenched
in sweat by the end my victory scream
when I actually got it done is something
that I will never forget and neither
will any headphone users
but anyway I love this game because it's
cute it's adorable it's an indie game
it's hard to do with a platformer while
I was playing it I got a bunch of people
on my stream to go by themselves because
they were so enthralled with how
hardcore I was about beating this level
if you like super meatboy kinds of games
check it out the next game I finally
played for the first time was broforce I
really liked broforce I think it's
really cool
they have like Sylvester Stallone blade
blades like the best character by the
way men in black and it's all like bro
in black swords and it's basically all
the action heroes from the past all in
one game and you save them throughout
little missions and you move on a map
through different locations and fight
terrorists it's really cute it's really
fun it's really bro II which I like the
one problem I have with it is that for
some reason it fucks my CPU it takes all
of my CPU usage it makes me lag it
doesn't make any sense really because
it's not graphics intensive it's not a
crazy game that's overloading my GPU
either but for some reason the process
of my CPU just it makes my computer
explode well streaming I don't know why
but it's a really fun game and if you're
not streaming or you just I don't know
have a better PC than me I have a pretty
good PC so it's kind of weird
yeah I just recommend it it was
recommended to me by a lot of people and
I finally got it this month or last
month I guess is this April fucking
favorites or marches no it's still April
right now so this is marches fucking
favorites hey guys welcome to marches
fucking favorites continuing on keep
talking and nobody explodes I played
this for my last drunk stream and I
played this for the drum stream before
that as well with my friend read his
channel will be linked down the
description because whatever I wanted to
say in America and if he doesn't get a
lot of stream viewers or find some way
to make money he has to go back to Korea
you know I even once offered to marry
the motherfucker so he didn't have to go
back to Korea and serve in the army and
he turned me down so why am I even
helping the bitch anyway keep talking
and nobody explodes the game that I have
never played sober it's a very very fun
game one person has the manual which is
an online PDF and the other person has
the actual game in front of them which
has a bomb and the bomb has a bunch of
different segments that you have to
decode using the manual so one person
has to explain the game to you and how
to decode the bomb and you have to deal
with this randomly generated bomb with a
bunch of different symbols letters
numbers there's Morse code in there
there's wires and
complex wires it's a fucking crazy game
Simon Says there's just so many modules
it's really cool I've been trying to
make Jay play with me for a really long
time because I think we would make a
great bomb disposal team or a really
awful one which would make for good
content right anyway if you need a game
to play with your friends whether in
person or online get that fucking game I
think it's pretty cheap on Steam all of
these games by the way that I've
mentioned are on Steam and the last game
is another indie I know guys I know next
month we're going to have near automata
we're going to have a persona 5 it's
going to be unknown indie favorites ok
but my last indie is you must build a
boat I really love this game I thought
it was going to be stupid like some kind
of Minecraft thing no offense to
Minecraft and Terraria fanboys that's
just not my shit if I wanted to be just
creative I would go draw something I
want rich immersive story in combat okay
not sandbox so you must build a boat
puts you on this tiny little dinghy of a
boat you have two monsters that are your
friends you have to go on runs runs are
basically like you're running down in
this dungeon but in order to run and
fight the monsters that you encounter in
the dungeon you're playing bejeweled
basically and the parts that make up the
PopCap esque game down below our swords
magic defense and all these other things
that help you defeat the monsters that
you're encountering up above in the run
hopefully that makes sense I'm going to
put some footage in here as well so you
can see what I'm talking about but
anyway you go on these runs in order to
complete these quests so you can build
your boat even bigger and find new
people to work on your boat new monsters
it's just really really cute Jay and I
actually completed it on our own time
and before that when I figured out the
game was so awesome I played it for like
two hours on streams it's really cute
I'll be it's short but it also does have
some replayability which is great our
next category is and movies one of this
month's TV shows is Gotham there are a
lot of really unlikable characters in
that show but there are also a bunch of
really likable characters and it just
has me hooked all the time I think it's
really great to see what happened like
15 years before Batman actually became
Batman and to see Batman as a kid is
like really cool I'm also in love with
penguin and enigma so there's that
can I help you I don't think so
can you what do you want but anyway I
think everyone knows Gotham's merits and
already likes the show if you haven't
watched it yet do it next we have black
mirror oh my god people have been
telling me to watch black mirror for so
long and I'm so glad I finally did it's
very weird it's kind of like Twilight
Zone where each episode is standalone
but it's like a new and improved version
of Twilight Zone that sometimes isn't
Twilight Zone II the premise of every
single episode is a possible future or
present based on technology so something
weird that happens with further
technology that we don't have right now
my two favorite episodes that's for my
two favorite episodes are sandrina pero
and be right back I believe be right
back is on season 2 or 3 no be right
back is on season 3 and San Junipero is
on season 2 or the other way around I'm
not going to spoil them too much but if
there are any other black mirror viewers
watching my video right now please post
in the comments which ones are your
favorite because I would love to hear
and black mare is a Netflix original so
all the content is right there on
Netflix there's no other content do have
to go download or buy like an HBO
subscription for it's good shit it's
really thought-provoking interesting
good shit some of the episodes end
really stupidly in my opinion and some
of them aren't - stop provoking but
overall the idea of the serie is just
all so good and spoiler there's one
about a guy fucking a pig the next
category is music okay so last month we
had Richelieu this month we have more
stuff that sounds like that which is
sown correct me if I'm pronouncing that
wrong it's SOE n it's funny because Jay
found Richelieu showed me Richelieu and
then through Richelieu found sown
because they're kind of similar bands
and I had already known about sone when
I was checking the comments of my last
video and someone said you should check
out so and they're a lot like Richelieu
so either it's confirmation bias or
those two bands are pretty similar the
point of me saying all of this is that a
lot of people were saying that they were
turned on to Richelieu by me last month
and that they really enjoy it so maybe
something more for you guys this month
the song as I recommend from sonar the
words and frackie owns / iam not sure
how to pronounce that but those two
songs are really really good I
definitely recommend them
another band is leprous I love leprous
as the price such a fucking good song oh
my god like I can't even
and then there's triumphant which is
almost just as good Jay likes it better
but I like the price better it always
sounds like they're saying because Donna
no no no and then I go like damaged
hives but I know it's damaged mind or
something like that
I just bought a bee plushie recently and
I've been annoying J with that so it's
been fun and lastly is a new Macedon
album is fucking epic oh my god if you
haven't listened to it yet it's so
fucking good
I love Mastodon Mastodon is actually one
of Jays favorite bands as well they're
very Pink Floyd II but also like more so
you want to be on drugs when you listen
to them and they're heavier and heavier
lush as a girl door you know like it's
real good shit my two favorite songs so
far on that album
are the Sultans curse and Jaguar gods
Jaguar gods like really slow song -
that's really nice it's just nice you
know
there are five
to
let me know what you think of my band
and song pics of this month and let me
know if there are any other bands that
are similar that you would like to
mention to me that I might like because
you know sharing music is something I
really enjoy doing I haven't listened to
the radio or watch something like MTV
for like a billion years so the only way
I find new songs is through J trying new
bands for me or other people
recommending songs to me and I'm still
finding bands from like 20 fucking years
ago that I never heard of like richelieu
moving on now we have the category guy
although I would like to fuck
i'mso advertiser friendly how could
someone who look so sweet be so devious
okay other than enigma and penguin would
you like okay so penguin the actor is
gay and I like the actor more than I
like penguin in the show because as you
guys know I have a huge it's like a huge
faux pas for me to see someone have bad
teeth and in the show for some reason
they have penguin having like fucking
disgusting shit on his feet it's so
fucking annoying but he's so adorable
and I love the way he acts and
occasionally I get into like the smaller
girlier gender almost ambiguous guy
usually turned out to be gay but
sometimes not
I just think Robin Lord Taylor's
adorable I would totally threesome with
him and a boyfriend that he might have
just sans the teeth I don't even mind
the limp like the penguin limp I don't
even who cares and enigma oh my god
perfect man like I was okay so I don't
want to spoil anything fuck okay how do
I do this without spoiling anything I
just love the Riddler okay and we're
someone to come to me and say that they
murdered someone I would be like who
Bonnie and Clyde effect let's go you
know that psychological phenomenon where
one person is a little bit devious or
psycho and then the other person is just
only like that because they just mesh so
well together and it turns into like a
Bonnie it's like an actual Bonnie and
quite a sex I think it's like a
psychological term I'll have to look it
up to remind myself but yeah I could
totally see myself being one of those
participants were the right
circumstances to arise and a cute all
nerdy smart guy that likes riddles it
could happen
moving on the other people I want to
fuck this month oh my god I have a black
girl thing there are so many hot black
girls this month I can't even there's
going to be more next month too
oh my god okay so we've got Tabitha gala
van from Gotham that's the black chick
that's gala vans sister or whatever she
is so fucking hot like she's so pretty
and hot and her boobs and tell me if you
agree with me because and
then we have Kelly from Black Mirror
well there's like a bug flying around
anyway we have Kelly from Black Mirror
she's the black girl from San Junipero
so fucking pretty oh my god I adore her
I would totally smashed both of those
fucking adorable fit as fuck sexy chicks
is it just me are there occasionally
black girls that are like the hottest
thing ever moving on we've got my
favorite girly thing oh I'm such a girl
all right this is my favorite girly
thing is this a lip scrub called bubble
gum from lush this is vegan and oh my
god it's edible okay so it looks like
this inside it's just a bunch of like
sand slash sugar looking stuff tinted
pink and what you do is you take a
little bit of it and you rub it on your
lips before you apply any kind of lip
color or lip gloss I love this stuff
because in the winter especially or like
any time I don't wear anything on my
lips I end up getting like dry chapped
lips just overnight from sleeping it
preps my lips so fucking well and what
I'm done with it
I don't like have to wash it off I just
lick it off it basically tastes like
sugar with a little bit of Splenda in
there to make it taste like bubblegum
and it's the best smelling shit
literally ever in the entire world
don't ask me why I don't know if you can
tell but don't ask me why I have the
Japanese version it's because I wanted
to get it on Amazon and had it shipped
prime don't make fun of me but you can
get this at lush there is one in
Bellevue square if you live around me in
the Pacific Northwest lush is fresh
handmade cosmetics and soaps and things
like that and it's all vegan best shit
ever best cosmetic product I've bought
in a long time I fucking love this shit
I use it religiously every day sometimes
twice a day and literally I couldn't
wear matte lipstick for a while because
my lips were so rough before hands but
now I'm like all about the matte
lipstick maybe next month I'll tell you
about my favorite new matte lipstick by
makeup geek and finally my favorite
overall thing of the fucking month oh
yes these headphones that the new he got
me I fucking adore these headphones the
only problem with these headphones is
that I keep getting a make up piece
because I wear them while I do makeup
and I can't do my hair while I'm wearing
them because how the fuck do I anything
while I have these on it's really
annoying because usually I like to
listen to music it passes the time while
I'm curling my hair for like fucking 20
minutes and if I blow dry my hair I
can't hear just my phone playing a
youtube video without headphones I just
love these headphones they have the
craziest bass like you turn this up and
it's like insane bass let me show you so
like shaking it's so cool
thank you so much to new guys for buying
this for me he knew of my love of
headphones that have amazing bass I'm
always looking for the ultimate ones and
you finally found them for me too bad to
have to be over the ear headphones
websocket I look like a badass when I
work out now and most of my workout gear
is red anyway so like red and black it
just fit and if you want to get yourself
a pair of these or buy Skullcandy I
think they actually have the word bass
in them they're like the bass Skullcandy
headphones I'll post a link in the
description if I remember where you can
buy them probably on Amazon please like
the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoy their v2 videos over here
on the right if you're on YouTube that
you can continue watching more terrorist
stuff because of it was a weird sentence
what I tried to salvage but I don't
think I succeeded let me know your
fucking favorite of any of these genres
of the month make sure you let me know
if I turn you on to any porn stars or in
music or any games and I will see you
guys next month for the month of April
which is going to be epic because
persona 5 I'm going to go stream what
