hey guys welcome to new video I was
going to be recording today's fucking
favourites for April but there's
something that I want to get off my
chest that's been on my mind for the
past two days so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want as you guys know if you follow
me on social media I took the last two
days off to play persona 5 persona and
Shin Megami Tensei in general my
favorite game franchises of all time so
I was really excited when I finally got
my auditioning so I could play it so I
took two days off I hadn't taken days
off for a while so I decided why not but
while I was taking the day off
I decided to check my revenue on my
biggest YouTube channel this channel the
vlog channel to see if I was being hit
by any of the issues with ad revenue
that everyone else on the platform
everyone else that I follow at least has
been hit by and Wow Wow I have okay so I
really wish I could be more transparent
with you guys and just post my analytics
page to like show you on my 115 facts
about me
I mentioned that I make less than a
thousand dollars a month on both of my
YouTube channels combined and a lot of
people were very shocked they've heard
the whole one dollar for every thousand
views and they think we'll she gets over
a million views a month so she must be
making quite a bit of money like 10k or
something it's nowhere near that and I
refreshed my analytics page to find out
that it's actually a fist of that right
now and going lower I want to show you
guys okay so I actually asked YouTube
Partner help I said can I show my
analytics this was the reply it was very
weird and convoluted and even before
that they were asking me to rephrase my
question so they could understand it
better some people say that if I post my
analytics page on here to show you guys
to be transparent I'll absolutely just
immediately be deleted as it's against
their tos or something I don't know some
kind of partner agreement I sign other
people say that it's completely fine and
people have made videos and it wasn't
that big of a deal but for me personally
I know how wishy-washy YouTube and other
content sites like this can be and how
sometimes I upload a fan service Friday
and it gets removed and I get a content
strike where someone uploads the exact
same thing or maybe even porn and it
doesn't get taken down so I'm a little
bit apprehensive
I do love my YouTube channels and I
don't plan on going anywhere but I do
want to outline the problem that all
content creators are having right now if
they happen to have non PC content or
not
happened to be attached to a big media
or news outlet I think people like
Philip DeFranco or even getting hit by
this just because they talk about the
news so it's not necessarily all the
sluts and whores and anti-feminists out
there that are getting hit it's anyone
who speaks the truth or talks about
anything in the real world I was one of
the people that said not to freak out to
just calm down that this will pass when
they were doing that YouTube do
monetization saying it didn't really hit
me that hard but I did realize that some
of my videos were being demonetised
this time it's an insane hit and I felt
so sad not because I was even making
anywhere near enough to live without
patreon and that YouTube was my main
source of income so this isn't to me
about money it's about the fact that my
entire existence on YouTube like I love
YouTube it means so much to me not
because I love the platform or the
people who own it or Google or anything
just because it was the first place I
felt like I could make content that I
really loved and even though sometimes
I'm limited by the Terms of Service or
or the unfairly strike one of my pieces
of content I always felt like I could
make videos that would entertain and
that would you know make people happy
now I thought one day I was going to be
one of the recognized content creators
that can make it on YouTube alone and I
wouldn't need patreon and all these
other things that would just be extra
for the fans and for the viewers and
stuff but now it's kind of obvious that
YouTube is not a place that I belong I'm
going to keep sticking it out and I'm
going to hope that it changes and I'm
just mostly sad for people who don't
have things like patreon or other ways
to survive it must be hitting them
really hard and for all the new content
creators that are just there on the cusp
finally making a little bit of money now
they're going to get completely fucked
as well because okay here's what
happened if you guys don't know I'm
going to post some other videos that
talk about it much more articulated than
I will but basically what happened is
that the Wall Street Journal put out a
hit piece on YouTube this time saying
that YouTube was monetizing a bunch of
content like hate speech
Isis content stuff like that as we're
being shown on there so YouTube must be
a bad person a bunch of mainstream
companies like Coke and others decided
to pull out ad revenue on YouTube so
they're not showing any ads on YouTube
these big companies and in response
YouTube decided that they're going to be
much much more strict on what they put
ads on meaning that anything that even
could be misconstrued as hate speech
overtly sexual or anything will not have
ads this is nothing new to me of course
I feel like I've been shadow banned with
ads
my entire existence on YouTube as I said
the one dollar to every thousand views
that's never been a reality for me but
now it's getting worse
hypothetically I was making twenty bucks
a day on my YouTube channel now I'm
making like - hypothetically it's that
kind of drop and on top of that we have
Twitter and Facebook who will block
people take off people's content just
for free speech it's never actually
attacking anyone or talking about
killing someone or being racist or
anti-semitic ever it's just speaking
their mind so many times I've seen
accounts get banned of my favorite
content creators or other people who I
may or may not agree with that just had
a certain political statement or a
certain opinion that wasn't hurting
anyone else and wasn't going beyond free
speech it wasn't threatening it wasn't
anything like that and they get their
accounts banned suspended shadow banned
and if you guys don't know what shadow
band is I've used it a few times it's
basically like they don't outright ban
you but they make it so that a lot of
people don't see your content it's not
searchable they basically just make it
so that your stuff isn't easily seen but
they don't want to take the
responsibility of saying yeah we're
going to ban you for absolutely no
reason I feel like I'm shadow banned on
Twitter because I have like 70 K
followers and a lot of people don't even
see the stuff that I post and I don't
see a lot of the stuff that you guys
send to me it sucks so yeah it's been on
my mind a lot lately not necessarily for
me because I do have patreon I'm going
to be ok but it just makes me sad that
this content platform that I've loved
for so long that I've used for so long
now might fall to the wayside to some
other companies that are more content
creator centered and not so much ad
revenue centered ad revenue is great and
it should be a secondary but you're
never going to make a ton of money on ad
revenue unless you're a hundred percent
PC you and you have a ton of subscribers
and a ton of youth each video it's like
really pretty bad on twitch and YouTube
it always has been for me at least and
while the top 1% can make a living just
off of ad revenue if they're PC that's
not realistic for other content creators
that hundreds of thousands of people
like or maybe it's just tens of
thousands and your new youtuber but you
have that backing of a strong fan base
who likes what you're saying and wants
to see you go farther well we have
patreon for that most of you know what
patreon is I just want to highlight it
real quick it's basically a place where
it's like a fan club you can give a
certain amount of month and receive a
certain perk or reward there's things
like live streams for patrons only
I give out autographs images I have
fanservice on there and a bunch of other
things you can go check it
if you want to the link will be in the
description of all the things of mine
that I'm talking about here in this
video but the advice I always get to new
content creators or people who are up
and comers who aren't making that much
money on a driven uu or who aren't
advertiser friendly like me create a
fucking patreon account that's like the
first thing you should do post your
uploads their post extra content post
behind-the-scenes do live chats there I
love doing polls online and just give
back to the people who make your content
possible I love it I love the people who
run patreon you can also do not say for
work stuff there I have a great line of
communication with the people at patreon
and they really love their content
creators because it's fan funded and not
ad funded they don't have to worry about
bullshit I fucking love you patreon
you've been amazing to me since day one
I absolutely adore you and I adore
everyone who's pledged to me on there
it's so fucking helpful fan funding
sites like patreon are definitely the
way to go if you want to support a
content creator that you enjoy and you
want them to keep upgrading their
content keep continuing their content
and maybe do their content more often
okay so now a YouTube alternative like I
literally just abandon YouTube and go on
here well at least put most of your
YouTube content on there as well for the
time being this site is fucking great I
just created an account today because I
thought it was so awesome after watching
a computing forever video and his video
will be linked on the description
because first of all he's the one that
kind of inspired me to do this video
inspired me to make a vid me account and
it's going to be much more eloquent and
why you should sign up for it to his
video is actually really great really
thorough so check it out in the
description
okay so vid me is that vid dot means
what you have to type in to go there
obviously and there are YouTube
alternative but doesn't have ad revenue
yet but they're planning on getting it
and they have something that's actually
a little bit better because it's fan
funded so once again they don't have to
pander to all the advertisers to get
money at all
ie allowing us content creators to be
ourselves anyway they have two ways you
can support your content creators one is
using a subscription-based thing kind of
like twitch the content creator decides
that they want their subscription fee to
be $1 $5 $10 whatever they want I'm
probably going to set mine up to $1 if I
do get verified which is the only caveat
in order to upload more than 30 minute
videos or get donations from your
followers you do have to be verified
which I don't think it should be too
hard as long as you have a following
somewhere else should be easy hopefully
but anyway like on Twitch you have
subscribers that will give you one to
five dollars whatever you choose a month
for extra content just to support your
channel then you have the
really cool feature which I love it's
like the best of both worlds between
twitch and patreon and as computing
forever said in his video it's kind of
like super chat on YouTube live streams
if you've ever watched a YouTube live
stream you can donate like 1 to 5
dollars while watching that one
particular video because you like the
video and you want your message to be up
on the top well you can actually donate
1 5 10 whatever you want dollars on a
specific video so let's say you really
love my sex sub series but you don't
care too much for any of my other
syriza's every time I upload a sex ed
video you can show your support by
giving $1 directly to the sex ed series
or if you really enjoy one particular
video of a content creator you don't
watch that much you can give them like
10 bucks because you really enjoyed that
one particular video and it shows those
content creators what you really want to
see more of while supporting that series
which is fucking awesome right other
than that the interface is really pretty
it's really easy to upload it's
basically just like YouTube not too hard
to use and once I move I plan on
uploading all of my gaming and vlog
content to that one channel so my vid me
account will basically be like Tara
Babcock games and Tara Babcock vlogs all
into one right now I'm just going to be
uploading a video here and there because
I don't know if you guys know this as a
content creator but if you ever upload
anything it's throttles your internet so
like Jay can't play League has MS goes
up to like a billion and he can even
like move in the game because it's using
all of my fucking upload speed and it's
absolutely impossible to upload anything
else or to even use the internet really
so until I get cyber wire I'm kind of
stuck with that and the last alternative
I want to talk about which is more of
like a social media alternative is
mine's calm I just recently got a mine's
calm account but it's kind of cool the
way that it works first of all they
don't limit your free speech and they
have a not safe for work button so if
you want to post anything like sexual
you just click that little button and
make sure that it's not safe for work
and the best part they don't censor your
ideas the cool thing about it is the
more you get likes and the more you get
views in the more things you post every
hour not the more things you post every
hour but the more times you post at
least once an hour you get points and
these points can be used to boost your
posts you can pay from two but you don't
have to so if I have a post that I feel
is really important and I want to push
it to a broader range of people or I can
even post it to all of the followers of
a specific account so let's say I do one
of my very rare anti-feminist videos
right let's say I want to push it to all
of Bering's followers or all sargon of
akkad followers because I feel like
that's the demographic that would like
this video and maybe
want to come join my channel I can do so
with the points that I've accrued
through people liking my posts and just
time passing it's pretty cool so because
of this you're always going to be
exposed to a bunch of different content
creators that you haven't heard of
before and things that you might
actually like based on them targeting it
toward you if that makes any sense
hopefully it does I also like that they
have a program which I'm not involved in
yet but I'd like to be where you can
actually run ads next to your posts so
you can actually make money on your
social media just based on your viewer
engagement anything that allows content
creators especially newer ones to make
enough money so that they can make a
hobby into a career that's amazing to me
I was able to do it I'm very grateful
for it I don't need any of this stuff I
just have a dream that all people who
have content that other people would
like to see fresh new innovative content
a unique voice a unique personality a
unique look that they have the
possibility to do what they love for a
job it makes me so sad to hear so many
people stuck in dead-end jobs they don't
love unhappy with their lives and
unhappy with how they spend like 50% of
their time simply because there's no
realistic alternative in this day and
age I do believe that being a content
creator is a realistic alternative and I
do believe that you should always give
it a shot and follow your dreams and do
what you love and I just hope that that
can get easier and easier as time passes
not harder and harder because of
advertisers saying that basically all we
can advertise is PC friendly fucking
bullshit there's a reason why more
people watch YouTube than TV nowadays
and it's obvious why more people watch
YouTube than read things like The Wall
Street Journal some content creators
might still be full of bullshit but this
platform allows you to have style and
uniqueness while doing so and it should
at least in theory give you a place to
say whatever you want whatever's on your
mind and have an open discussion that
can lead to higher understanding of all
sides not just the side that's
considered the most PC and won't hurt
anyone's feelings I have my hopes for
these new platforms and I hope you join
me on there all of my links will be down
in the description as well as links to
other videos talking about these things
oh and if you want to be on patreon but
you don't have the money to support
someone you can always follow people a
lot of people don't know that you can
follow accounts on patreon so if you
don't have the money to support you can
always still follow I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I love you guys so
much I might be posting my analytics
page to give you guys a visual of how
bad it is right now I want to be
completely transparent with how much I
make and what I do I have nothing again
telling people how much I make I think
it's great to show the world that you
can do what you love and make money
doing it
I think that's amazing so if you think I
can't be that bad everyone's just
exaggerating it's not that big of a deal
it really is so the content creators if
you do have a little bit of extra money
support them sometimes the ones that you
love the ones that change your life the
ones that make you happy when you're
feeling sad during the day not
necessarily me you're free to keep
hating me call me whatever you'd like
but go over to your favorite content
creator and support them if you can of
course no one's forcing you it's always
a choice I never got all that hate on
patreon and stuff where people are like
oh my god you're begging for money we
don't get a salary like you guys do for
your job but we're still entertaining
you and giving you content like if you
paid for Netflix so if you want a
certain content creator to continue
creating content and you have a little
extra money it makes perfect sense to
support them it's not begging it's not
panhandling it's giving back to a free
service that would otherwise cost you
like $5.99 a month mandatory and you get
to choose who to support you don't have
to pay to be on YouTube at all
and lastly new content creators who are
feeling like oh there's no way I can
even start a YouTube channel with all
this bullshit do it you can still do it
never give up never surrender do what
you love
seriously anyway I love you guys so much
thank you so much for watching this and
if you follow me on any of the social
medias down there I appreciate it a lot
and trying to get these things up and
running it's been a while since I've
created a new social media account like
the video and subscribe to the channel
and share it if you liked it there will
be two videos over there for you guys to
enjoy as well and I will see you in the
next video which will be my fucking
favourites of April sorry about that I
just can't I can't get over how amazing
patreon has been for me like it's
allowed me to upgrade my content quality
so much which is something I adore like
you should watch my video where I first
started my patreon and like my current
issue is PayPal and I'm not terribly
AdWords Nusa and because of the
suggestion from one of my lovely viewers
I've created a patreon campaign that was
when I lost my ability to take twitch
donations and I needed some other way to
make money but I also saw this amazing
platform that allowed me to interact
more with my viewers and I was able to
get like an actual set up I have actual
camera equipment because of it it's so
amazing how much I can invest back into
my content to just improve and I'm
constantly improving because of you guys
I just wanted to add that as a footnote
I love you fucking
so much I wouldn't be able to do this
with the capacity that I do it I
wouldn't be able to run two channels and
stream on Twitch and do what I love and
even though I'm busy I fucking love
every second of it and I wish that on
you guys as well so if there's anything
you want to do that would make you happy
or fucking do it that's all I can say
bye guys for real this time
