hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail okay Friday night fail
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want this
week we have like this gigantic package
let me just show you with flat real
quick look how big this thing is in
barely fit in Jays car like what the
fuck
anyway aside from your mail that you
guys sent me thank you so much by the
way I'm going to be answering three of
your questions and doing a giveaway but
before that we're going to be announcing
last week's winner
last week's letter was internal shine
congratulations internal shine he hasn't
responded to my email granted I did just
send the email five minutes before I
started this recording but I still
expect faster turnaround you know what
I'm saying
why are you inhibiting my ability to
fully do Friday night mail if you are
one of those people that still doesn't
know what happened to fan service Friday
it's over on my patreon and speaking of
patreon if you're one of the people that
likes to send me gifts particularly
those of you who like to send me big
gifts or palpable gifts that cost you
money until I move to Vegas please
consider sending me like a letter or a
note and instead spending that money on
patreon or supporting me on my twitch
stream
I'm not asking anyone to support on
patreon or give me money or anything who
isn't already giving me money just if
you're spending money on gifts for me at
least until I moved to Vegas think about
maybe not doing it I'm at the point
right now that I have so much oden back
taxes and I'm going to be spending so
much on moving as well as having to move
so much shit that it just makes sense
not to have to move more shit and I have
a little extra money to fund my move and
make sure that I can get all my set set
up once I get to Vegas because one of
the main reasons I'm excited to move is
being able to have more fucking room to
record videos and actually make sets for
each of my syriza's I think that's going
to be amazing
just a thought anyway so as always if
you want to ask me any question post it
in the comment it might be showing on
next week's FM and if you start the
question with questions like Dwight
Schrute from the office you're more
likely to get chosen question what is
your view on the mass media fake news
and everyone being reliant on phones
because of it everyone's just glued to
their phones because social media is
kind of how we interact with all of our
friends these days that's at least what
I thought and everything entertaining
can always be found on the phone or on
the internet it's like a little mobile
war
cold in the palm of your hands as far as
fake news I've always known that there
was bias and certain agendas and
narratives that each media station tried
to push I never really felt like any of
the big media outlets were ever
impartial in any way I never really
watched the news I didn't really enjoy
it I took every single news broadcast
with a grain of salt and only extracted
the facts from it to at least know
what's going on with the world I feel
like a lot of people are far too
influenced and this whole fake news
thing should have been apparent to
everyone from the beginning of their
lives like it was for me to be honest it
is getting worse and worse or at least
I'm noticing it more because it seems
like there's just a lot of hit pieces
going around like old media attacking
new media and new media fucking over
their content creators because it kind
of has to PC culture sjw's pushing
stupid narratives trying to get vlog
past it's just crazy it's a clusterfuck
I try to distance myself from it as much
as possible but if you guys ask me any
questions specific to that I will answer
you to the best of my ability with my
opinion and then Logan Garcia gives this
response if you guys want to pause the
video and read it about what he thinks
Thank You Logan for the question love
you as always the next question is from
Brittany again using Austin Whitman's
accounts which i think is her
boyfriend's account I'm not sure I
vaguely remember her saying something
like that but Brittany says question do
you enjoy being taught or teaching
yourself why love you babe love you too
I have always been a self-taught person
now when I say self-taught I don't
necessarily mean I don't watch any
videos I don't do any research I don't
read any books I am very appreciative
for all the people who I've gained
inspiration from but for me it's like
picking inspiration from little places
and applying it to my own Terrace style
of doing things I'm self-taught in
Photoshop sewing clothing creation
photography makeup hair and yes well
I've watched some videos on certain
things when I wanted to know certain
things I'm very good at sucking up
little bits of information and then
replicating it myself I have to just see
someone do it and then I can usually do
it myself and I seek out the knowledge I
don't like going to school and being
taught a certain curriculum or half the
should I don't even give a shit about I
love gaining knowledge it's one of my
favorite things to do but I don't like
doing it from mainstream sources when I
don't want to do it and about topics I
don't care about I was so excited to
transition from high school to college
because in college you got to pick your
own courses hope that answers your
question baby girl
Hasaan vids asks question since when did
you start craving sexual stuff like
talking about sex having sex etc I have
been a sexual being since I was about
eight years old that's when I started
having sexual desires and being
attracted to men and wanting to have
dates and even wanting to have sex when
I was nine I got my period so I was an
early beginner on my period and puberty
and all that that probably answers it
but if you watched my video entitled
masturbating - mmm that's pretty much my
story of the first time I masturbated or
the first time I felt the need to enjoy
I will post that down in the description
as well as the link to this week's
giveaway so if you guys a lot of free
shit whether it's an autographed 8 by 10
something from my merch store or a
themed game of your choice it'll be down
there in the description go go go go
check it out alright let's open some
fucking packages dude I'm so excited
let's do it alright this is the first
package also thank you so much everyone
who supports me in any way who watches
my videos you guys are awesome oh my god
are you kidding I put this on okay so
that dick bottle that I'm by the way no
longer allowed to use on Twitch because
I got a warning fuckin twitch inspired
me to put things like this on my wish
list oh I just think this is going to be
so great having a flaccid penis on my
face I feel like that's going to just
it's going to just make my day how do
you guys feel about the way that I look
now I feel like I look exceptional I
feel like this should be my new look for
sex head with Tara anyone who agrees
please like the video post out in the
comments about any comments to say the
same thing because I am totally willing
to do this I know it would be a little
bit distracting how can one not enjoy
this look I mean I can just like jerk my
own nose like very hot very hot I don't
know who said this to me but thank you
that makes my day oh shit
oh that's right it's the canvas painting
she did of me oh my god damn girl you're
such a nice ass dude anyway hey Tara I
know you loved your tails plushy growing
up so I decided to paint him for you
I haven't worked with acrylic in a while
so it's not the best love Cadia katie
Arang can model calm katie alayan many
vidcom booty did I scare you but anyway
if you guys want to watch her do things
live to herself very very sexy things or
occasionally watch her paint awesome
shit like this awesome fucking shit like
this tail
oh my idol when I was younger and you
know I use the word idol lightly but I
fucking loves tail so much I saw so much
of myself in tails miles tails Prower
what is going on with my finger it's
like I was bit or something you guys see
like the pinkness it like hurts I'm
having issues all over the place today I
absolutely love this thank you so much k
dia this is going to be one of the first
things I mount in my new house and if
you're ever in Vegas I will mount you in
my new house as well ah I like making
noises takes the attention away from how
awful I look when I do try to wink
anyway this is fucking awesome I'm going
to put this right here so all of the
viewers can look at it and don't forget
to check out KS use a cam girl a very
very hot asian cam girl very natural
pretty much the exact type of girl
that's my other type aside from being a
hot blonde I always really like little
hot asian chicks check her out link in
the description the next thing we have
is a big aspect book from 50 books every
time I see a bookstore I feel so fucking
bad these days I still like books
I still like physical copies of games as
well and collector's editions and
booklets inside of games I like all of
that shit I wish that there was a little
bit less everything is always only on
the internet kind of thing like digital
downloads and the tarantula keepers
guide comprehensive information on care
housing and feeding revised edition this
thing is sick thick baby girl this was
sent to me by my lovely and amazing
friend Zoe thank you so much Zoe Zoe
right now is trying to get it funded so
she can buy a new laptop if you guys
want to help her out or check her out
the link will be down in the description
for her GoFundMe I've already donated
$100 if you guys want to she's getting
pretty close to her goal and I would
appreciate that she's been so sweet to
me and she knows I've always wanted a
pet for Angela thank you so much baby
girl what love you let's read an excerpt
surviving in the hood well excavating
the adults burrows neighboring burrows
are occasionally found with baby
tarantulas at the bottom I don't want to
spoil it too much for you but she bought
me a chicken book and I literally read
the whole thing today because I've
always also wanted a chicken pet I don't
know if you can get a chicken Ana
tranche Allah I feel like won't probably
kill the other somehow but I don't know
now that I'm moving to Vegas I'm hoping
that a tarantula gets in my house
somehow and then I can keep it as a pet
are not high quality comfortable glasses
all right we've got this squishy thing
from Asia yeah we got leggings leggings
guys all right so the first pair of
leggings Mario leggings and yellow very
good very stretchy and then we've got
another pair oh these are the sonic ones
yes okay so aside from Tails when I
found out about Amy
I fucking adored Amy I always wanted Amy
to get with Sonic I thought I loved them
so much so yeah I don't know which ones
are my favorite I feel like her equally
fucking awesome from two franchises that
I absolutely adore
I was never Sega or Nintendo I was
always Sega and Nintendo and Sony all
right let's try these on I'm wearing
this because I did upskirt for this
week's fan service Friday
check it out on patreon so fucking tight
flap oh yeah those are all actually
really fucking tight I really appreciate
it you are awesome anyone who buys me
leggings has a special place in my heart
you fucking Rock
alright we have two more boxes or one
more package wait to our packages until
the big one what what's going on with my
finger oh that's right I think I
actually burned it when I was like
curling my hair today I'd like totally
forgot oh we've got a note thanksfully
my Tara enjoy your gift from yes oh the
jelly tray another Bachelorette gift so
I'm going to assume that Jeff also sent
me this I don't know why but it comes
with a cleaning cloth this is like a
very bougie way to clean up your spunk
or something and you can make penis ice
detailed penis ice got like some ripples
in there for her pleasure so fucking
cool on the back they look like little
but it actually looked like a girl's
butt and there's her head and there's
her back doesn't look like a penis as
much on the back but now I have a
Nintendo ice cube tray and a penis ice
cube tray thank you so much Jeff for
this and presumably also this I love
them both this is awesome and I love it
when they're gummy and not hard so I can
just pop the ice cubes out thank you
you're awesome
this is fucking great I feel like I'm
getting married you guys would all be
invited to my bachelor party of course
my Bachelorette my bachelorette party Oh
No
well we've got a note hi Tara enjoy your
gift from Jess
and as novelties Shane diesel realistic
10-inch Kaka so I already have know I
have someone else for it oh man alright
I'm not going to show you what the dick
actually looks like it's way way too
realistic but the exact replica of adult
star Shane diesels cock and balls same
feel same look this huge evany dildo is
ready for you oh my god he's not a very
attractive dude clearly got the job
because of his dick thumbnail time
alright we're good we're going to show
you just the tip just the tip that's all
you get thank you Jeff I am very happy
now let's see what this giant box has in
store for us because we know we know
that it's through Donal they can't not
be from Donald right that's like not
possible why ok
there was a no right why is there no no
it says there's a note but there's no
note and I already know this is from
Donald because it's like something I
would never need or use it is a slide
it's a fucking slide all right no more
trolling no more trawling please with
things this large you control of small
things just things it's largely I'm
going to throw this away or like donate
it or something because obviously I
can't use this I would probably break it
with my fat ass also I'm never going to
have children especially not only
minority children I don't know why this
is such a PC box this is only for
minority children's is that we are you
trying to say that one day I'm going to
have a minority love child with an Asian
for a black guy who's excludable half
ethnic children oh man this is
ridiculous fuck you Donald the last one
was good the drum set that was cool
albeit still too big for me to transport
when I moved but yeah guys the moral of
this story make sure you include a gift
note if you can or let me know on
discord or Twitter or something that you
sent me something but better yet just
stick to letters stick to letters right
now please moving this stuff is hell on
earth don't forget to Like and subscribe
if you enjoyed
there will be two videos over here on
the right you can watch as well if
you're not done with Cara and I hope you
enjoyed my flash his nose penis I love
you guys so much I appreciate everything
about you even gigantic troll gift and I
hope you have a wonderful weekend I am
just going to be playing for sona flies
all fucking weekend I'm taking tomorrow
off and maybe the next day for it I am
so fucking hype yes
and I'll see you on Sunday or Monday
with a new video Thank You Jess tink
Acadia Thank You Zoey
Donald and everyone else Zoey and Katie
has links will be in the description mah
dick out
