hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara let's tackle a topic that's
been suggested since I posted this
picture on Twitter so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want today we're going to be
talking about how to get a thicker
frothy er and more porn star s cum shots
more shots more white more strength the
work have you ever wanted to splooge all
over your girlfriend's face or tips or
maybe you like a really creamy cream pie
but all you ever do is dribble clear
liquid all over her
well dr. Tara is here to help before we
start I want to thank Dan one of my
viewers who has helped me compile these
tips and tricks and inspired me further
to do this topic as always I'm not a
doctor and everyone is different what
works for some might not work for others
so these are just suggestions based on
my own experiences and a bit of research
the rest of my sources aside from Dan
will be linked in the description so if
you'd like to do a little bit more
reading it's down there alright now that
we've got that as a way let's do this my
first tip revolves around vitamins
minerals and other agents of a big loads
that many men in and out of porn swear
by few of these include zinc l-arginine
Omega 3 germ maca root and lecithin I
think that's how you say it and some of
the stuff you can get through eating
things like eggs baked oysters and
asparagus but if you're like me and none
of that sounds delicious
barring eggs I suppose or you happen to
be a vegetarian you can take supplements
to get these in a similar amount there
are many vegan options of pills and
powders that are not normally vegan as
well that you can try just remember that
with supplements there is such a thing
as too much take it slow and do research
on how much is right for you some
vitamins especially if you're taking a
multivitamin can be too much as they are
fat soluble and can be poisonous in high
doses water soluble completely fine you
can take way too much like vitamin C you
next and drinking enough fluids is a
must if you want to produce an
awe-inspiring amount of ejaculate some
studies show that drinking eight glasses
of the myth but a good indicator that
you're getting enough is that your pee
is in a deep dark yellow and instead
closer to clear I don't think I need to
mention the other health benefits of
staying hydrated being dehydrated can
lead to temporary erectile dysfunction
or impotence
aside from drinking a lot and getting
more of certain vitamins and proteins
doing cardio eating a healthy balanced
diet lifting weights and overall being
in a healthy weight range with off
a cardiovascular health can improve your
load I don't know if you watch a lot of
gangbangs and porn like I do but you'll
notice the cum shot of the out-of-shape
dude is always pretty dribbly and kind
of pathetic the healthier your body is
the more sperm you produce the more
healthy sperm in your semen the frothy
ER and thicker it will be simple as that
not to mention how a fit man will get
laid more often - as we are biologically
programmed to be attracted to healthy
bodies more likely to be optimally
fertile if you want specifics on which
exercises can help with ejaculation
think lower body things like squats
deadlifts and anything that works with
your glutes lower abs and lower back
will help strengthen the muscles in area
and in turn help you shoot really far
this can also help with the intensity of
your orgasm on top of that you've got to
try kegels kegels are not just for
chicks they're definitely helpful for
men who want to control their orgasms
and cumshots better gain more range in
power and can even help promote harder
erections and stronger climaxes another
really important aspect is how long you
wait in between orgasms if you're
meeting with a partner go a day or two
before you see them without ejaculating
if you have a long-term boyfriend or
girlfriend try to keep masturbation to a
minimum in between regular sexual
encounters 1 to 3 days is optimal as
according to scientists and doctors your
sperm reservoirs only hold up to 3 days
worth of sperm and anything else is
unnecessary or in my opinion downright a
waste however there are men who claim
that waiting up to 2 weeks in between
ejaculations did present a higher
intensity orgasm and amount of sperm I'm
going to leave that one to you guys to
experiment with but remember wait no
longer than two weeks as this presents a
health risk to your prostate and it may
even be linked to prostate cancer
technique is a big one too every time I
would control Jay's cough during
ejaculation I would get a lower volume
of sperm and it took me a really long
time to connect that he just knew how to
stroke it while coming to produce the
greatest results as awesome as I am with
the clock the only person whose pleasure
centers are connected to it is Jay and
he is the only one who knows when to
strop and squeeze to match the climactic
first working with the contractions of
ecstasy correctly can shoot your money
shot farther and squeeze more substance
out this is a personal thing for each
person so try playing with techniques
with this goal in mind now what should
we do about taste
personally I prefer Saul to come to
sweet come but a few things that can
produce the bitter and chemical tasting
offensive come flavors are fast food and
anything unhealthy as well as smoking
cigarettes
when it comes to taste cigarette smokers
across the board have worse cumshots and
worth tasting ejaculate just another
reason to stop smoking along with all
the other obvious health risks and
widespread turnoff if you want to make
your cum case sweeter which is what most
women are pulled to prefer try pineapple
or bright colored fruits you are what
you eat and that also applies to your
production have come so make sure your
something healthy that your partners are
happy to save try a combination of these
tips in moderation and I am confident
you will improve your distance amount of
ejaculate
how many shots in each load the
frothiness the intensity the viscosity
and the taste let me know in the
comments what works for you and if you
have any extra tips I would love to hear
them personally I messed around with a
guy who masturbated multiple times a day
so when we had sex to come shot was
pretty awful not everyone cares but I
prefer as much cum as possible and with
a salty taste ask your partner what they
like and make sure you do what you like
as well good luck and happy
experimenting thank you so much for
watching like the video and subscribe if
you enjoyed there are two videos over
here that you can check out as well as
the playlist of all of my sex ed videos
post in the comments your ideas your
opinions any other extra tips if
anything works for you and what you want
me to cover next time in sex ed I love
you guys so much and I hope you have a
happy healthy sex life keep distance
ejaculating I mean coming I mean fucking
what
