avenge all the little girls so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want look guys I wasn't
planning on doing a video at all today
but I got a new boom mic for know I got
a new boom stand for my shotgun mic and
I'm trying to figure out which direction
I want to point it's kind of pointed
like this right now I think I want to
talk into the the pointy tip of it but
I'm not sure I just wanted to sound
better I realized that when I was
changing for Friday night mail like when
I stood up and actually got my face
closer to my camera it just sounded
crisper and clearer and less canny like
I was in a gigantic auditorium or
something and I was updating the DB to
plus 20 DB on my microphone because I
wanted to pick me up and make myself
more audible but then I was also picking
up Jay any other room and a lot of like
noise and static so here we are please
if you could do me a favor before we get
into the topic if you could check out my
last video that I've uploaded on this
channel and tell me if this sounds good
I would really appreciate that or
actually no no not the last video
because I don't know what I'm going to
upload this this might actually serve as
just one of the videos I upload when I
don't feel like recording something that
day so listen to the video in the
description listen to the audio in the
video in the description to compare to
this audio and let me know if you like
this better because if you don't I can
switch over I actually okay so I bought
it boom stand that goes with the rode
videomic but I have a higher quality
rode mic that was two hundred and fifty
dollars when this one is 150 so I'm
basically just trying to up my video
quality I'm very very anal anal as fuck
when it comes to video quality it's very
important to me and improving something
gets me all giddy and hyper and it's
exciting it's just like improving
something about my appearance or about
my knowledge like getting more knowledge
or reading a new book or playing a new
game all that stuff so interesting to me
I love improvements improving is Osso
self actualization and if I can content
actualize as well that just makes me so
happy so today I just I took this topic
out of my anus hole and we're just going
to talk today about whether or not I'm a
good role model and some of the
criticisms I've received from people on
the internet over the years and years
and years that I've been sexually open
and modeling and showing most of my
for all of my body off talking about sex
just everything that I've done I've
always gotten this criticism and
recently most recently I've gotten this
criticism from someone who's barely even
literate and it's just like
condescending all over the place at me
so if you are watching this video good
sir which are probably not because you
had so many misconceptions about Who I
am as a person that it was just a parent
he followed me on Instagram for my tits
and then decided to drink a dose of SJW
that morning and you know avenge all the
little girls I know you guys follow me
and watch my videos know what I'm
talking about but so it seems like a
common argument that I should conduct
myself differently because little girls
might be watching or children might be
watching and most of the time not all
the time sometimes they say it's because
I cuss but most of the time it's because
of how sexually open I am how much of a
slut quote unquote I am and I'm using
slut openly and loosely loose lut haha
because I feel like someone who's a slut
is someone you know by the dictionary
definition has sex with many many men
but people have changed the definition
you use it colloquially to mean someone
who just dresses the way I do and isn't
afraid to show off my body it's neither
here nor there whether or not I sleep
with a lot of men and people don't
really know my sex life so they just
assume she's a slut based on the fact
that I have you know cleavage big tits
like to put on makeup blonde hair bimbo
look overall kind of fake you know that
kind of thing I like that look it suits
me it's sexy to me and it's something
that I enjoy doesn't necessarily have
anything to do with my personality and
obviously shouldn't judge a book by its
cover especially with someone like me
but anyway I feel like this is a flawed
argument in the first place because I
feel like our next generation and this
generation and every generation would
benefit from a less taboo ization of sex
I feel like there shouldn't be such a
strong stigma around sex and sexuality
so do I feel like showing a girl that
she can be open with her sexuality that
she can show off her body and not feel
any shame that she can love herself
while also showing off her body do I
think that's wrong no I don't think I'm
doing anything that as a parent I
wouldn't want my little girl
see someone doing on the Internet
especially because if I were a parent I
would instill a lot of context around
everything that my child sees I feel
like it's more important to be a good
parent rather than to censor your
children from seeing certain things I
would always allow my children to see
whatever scary movies and whatever
sexual content they wanted to or happen
to come across but I would give them a
strong sense of context around it like I
would allow them I would create an
environment where they could ask me any
question that they felt like asking if
they were unsure about something I'm
sure about if something is good or bad I
would have an open conversation with
them to the point where if they were
interested in experimenting with sex or
if they had questions about their
sexuality or their bodies and how
they're functioning through puberty I
would be someone who would be open
enough to talk to them about it and give
them a strong sense of self and it just
it doesn't make any sense to me that
like so many parents and so many people
push this illogical morality on me like
oh you shouldn't be doing this because
someone might be a bad parent and allow
their kid to stumble upon your work or
your content without any context and
take this as this how would this is the
only way that women can look or be
treated and I feel like it's not my
responsibility to teach people my set of
morals and it's not my responsibility to
tell people that you know they should be
able to do whatever they want or to put
context around every single sexy sexy
picture that I upload do I feel like
it's possible that a little girl this is
this is the argument of the Instagram
guy and this is the argument of anyone
who sees me only through twitch and sees
me associated with gaming they go like
oh you're representative of all female
gamers and all female twitch streamers
you're making it your first of all
giving them a bad name which doesn't
make any sense because I only represent
myself I only speak for myself this is
who I am
and if someone wants to emulate me it's
not my responsibility
to say hey guys what I'm doing is
fucking disgusting cuz first of all I
don't think so and second of all there's
always going to be people who emulate
other people instead of creating their
own individuality in their own
brand around their content because these
people are just vacuous and don't have a
personality of their own I've never
looked up to people in a way where I was
like I want to emulate everything this
person is without even getting to know
why this person is the way that they are
because I just want to be exactly like
them and you know piggyback off of their
fame and that to me doesn't make any
sense either I'm probably going to leave
this uncut so if there's any stuttering
or not being as 100 percent concise as I
would like to be feel free to ask any
questions for any clarification in the
comments comments section is always open
anyway I was going off on a tangent a
little bit my point is that there's
always going to be people who didn't
have a strong father or mother figure or
parental figure in their lives but
taught them right from wrong and in my
opinion there is no objective morality
so while I think that it's OK for
younger children to see sex and to
experience reality and to get ready for
the real world there are some parents
out there that think that it's important
to coddle their children or to censor
everything their children see up until a
point and then just thrust them out into
the real world with no preparation I
think that's wrong but if that's your
prerogative
put parental controls on things don't
allow your kids to see things you as the
restricted shit mode or YouTube kids
instead of actually just allowing them
to watch YouTube uncensored for me it's
important that people don't stigmatize
sex as much for me that's a good and
positive thing for me if someone sees my
work in what I do as a gamer and my
cleavage and what I do as a youtuber and
goes ah I have to show my body but I
really don't want to then that person is
a sheeple it's not it's not a real
person it's a sheep you don't have to do
anything and there are plenty of women
out there they're successful doing what
the fuck they want and they're super
feminist and crazy like and the Watson
Emma Watson makes a lot more money than
I do there are people like I don't know
what what's the name of the stream
Richard there's a streamer chick who
streams hearthstone and she gets
thousands of viewers each stream she is
completely clothed she's not sexualized
in any way just because I'm comfortable
with my sexuality and I like to be sexy
and it makes me
see that doesn't mean that everyone else
has to be exactly like me
we're individual and everyone should
embrace their individuality and if so
much is going to take one of my pictures
out of context I can't do anything about
that
in the same vein people can say oh you
have to show boobs to be popular but
they can also say oh you have to pretend
to like games to be popular or oh you
have to have blonde hair to be popular I
believe that these people don't have a
good sense of self and I do my best to
instill a sense of self like do whatever
the fuck you want like that's my mantra
and if people don't delve deeper into me
and just assume that all I am is
caricature of a blonde bimbo that has no
substance then they're the ones that are
misunderstanding me because I I think
for someone who doesn't feel like it is
my responsibility at all to raise other
people's fucking children I mean I
fucking despise children as it is I
don't want any of my own and I've never
entered the contractual agreement that
I'm going to birth a child and then
raise it to the best of my ability so I
shouldn't be responsible just because I
want to make content that I enjoy and I
want to have my little niche niche group
of people and my niche little community
where we're like-minded and we like to
discuss things and you know talk about
different topics I just fucking I
blanked out there I I that's why I cut
my videos ever because I do that often
and then I hate that I left it in there
and I just like everything to be concise
and perfect and streamlined so that's
usually why I cut my videos if I do cut
my videos but sometimes I like the
stream-of-consciousness
rambley Terra so do I think that sex is
bad do I think that sexual sexual
ization is bad of men or women no I do
not I think that sex is so integral to
our society we need it to prolong our
species sex is the most natural fucking
thing and our naked bodies are the most
natural fucking thing and I know it's so
funny it is there someone so unnatural
talking about how natural something is
I'm not using a naturalistic fallacy
here which a lot of people use to say
that what I do looking fake is bad um it
is necessary it's not necessary it's not
necessarily that it's natural it's that
it's necessary for us to survive and
each of us is instilled unless you're
asexual or something
every one of us is instilled with a
sexuality and a preference and we want
to feel sexy and I don't think there's
anything wrong with that and I think
that when someone does understand what
I'm doing they know that I'm just having
fun
posting artistic pictures of my body and
sexy pictures of my body because I enjoy
creating those pictures and you guys the
people who follow me enjoy looking at
those pictures that does not say
anything about Who I am in total it
doesn't make me just one type of person
any type of person can enjoy sex any
type of person can have the be of the
philosophy that you should be open with
your sexuality and if there's nothing
wrong with it they can be astronomers
and philosophers and scientists like
it's just one portion of Who I am in one
portion of the bigger picture that is
Tara Bob Kok and if someone's going to
take that out of context I cannot
control that I don't feel like I said I
don't feel like it's my responsibility
to raise other people's kids so I feel
like I can do things that are out of
context that aren't just like sitting
there with a disclaimer and I feel like
if we start saying oh my god think of
the children what will the children
think what if children get a hold of
this material then we're censoring so
much good content so much
thought-provoking content that needs to
be out there I don't think we should
ever censor I think we should put things
behind PG walls if that's what the
parents want I think there should be
filters that are done right
not like YouTube's doing it that put
certain content behind walls until a
certain age that the parents deem
appropriate for children but I do not
believe that anything shouldn't be
allowed to happen I don't believe that
any one personality like my own should
be restricted I don't believe that I
shouldn't be allowed to follow my dreams
just because I'm of the opinion that sex
is such a big deal and my body isn't
something to be ashamed of I can love
myself and I'm pushing this ideology so
that people can take my ideas in process
them and decide whether or not they
agree if they don't agree don't show
your body if they do agree I hope I can
empower them to feel comfortable doing
it
the face of all the fucking assholes
that are going to say that they don't
love themselves they don't have respect
for themselves because they're showing
themselves to someone other than their
husband which by the way just sounds
like some kind of Sharia law ass
motherfucking shit it sounds like some
regressive Muslim ideology no offense to
Muslims who don't follow this whole like
women should be the the sole property of
her husband and father or whatever the
fuck I really feel like women should be
able to do whatever they want
I feel like boyfriend should not be
jealous if their girlfriend wants to
show off their body it's their body it's
their choice you should do whatever you
want you should find your own brand of
happiness and you should just do that
don't emulate me but take my ideas in
consider them and then make your own
opinions so I've lost my train of
thought because the camera stopped
working and I had to bring it in there
to find out why the fuck and I still
don't know why it's recording ten
minutes then recorded one minute then
stopped it wasn't full it was like a
third of the way full so I don't know
information I just like to say that yes
I do think I'm a good role model but if
you as a parent do not think I'm a good
role model for your children or you just
want to take one of my sexy pictures on
Instagram call me a slut or say that
sexuality should be censored and that
sexuality should be private and your
body should be private you can't love
yourself while also being sexually
liberated then we just have a difference
of opinion I don't believe that I'm just
gratuitously showing off my body with no
artistic aspect and no real strong
message behind it my message is do
whatever the fuck you want
don't emulate me don't emulate anyone
else be an individual find your own
brand if you're going to make content do
what the fuck you want and what makes
you happy and what you're passionate
about because if you don't people will
see through that and they're not going
to enjoy watching you there are so many
girls out there I watched a girl who
said that she's going to stop pushing up
her boobs for the stream she felt like
she had to but it's just so
uncomfortable I am NOT of that brand of
girl at all I enjoy this this is how I
always look this is how I'm comfortable
this is good for me and it's good for
the viewers so I don't see any problem
with it I am not ashamed of my body I'm
not ashamed of my boobs I actually think
they're really fucking cool looking and
I like
show them off and it's much more
comfortable than trying to close all of
my shirts and being overheated and
everything I just like the way that I do
things I don't think anything is wrong
with sex and I don't think that what the
thing that I do and what I do with my
life
being non-monogamous being sexually
liberated being open to whatever the
fuck you want I don't think that plastic
surgery I don't think that anything that
I do should be pushed on anyone else so
the idea that these girls are going to
look at me and I'm the sole arbiter what
they should do with their futures and
then they just emulate me to the point
where they're doing things they don't
want to do I don't think you should show
your body if you don't want to I also
don't think you should play video games
if you don't want to I don't think
there's one way to succeed in life I
don't think there's one way to be in
life and I think that we should not
censor media in any way other than
parental advisories that parents choose
to bestow upon their children if they do
so believe that that's good for their
children I personally don't I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and some of it
can resonate with you please take it in
think about it then post your comments
in the description but not in the
description in the comments I love you
guys so much thank you for watching if
you liked please like the video and
subscribe to the channel there be tuned
up more videos over there and thank you
so much for testing my mic with me while
I go through this weird stream of
consciousness is my shit still filming
it is bye guys
