bigger dicks so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want what's up guys and welcome to
my long-awaited video about gang bangs
so my last week and a half's worth of
content has been a little too serious we
had the me2 thing we had the injectables
the makeup looks two out of three of
those are like 100% for my female
viewers which only total to about 10% of
my viewership and I've seen for some
reason and uprising and people asking me
to talk about gang bangs so if you guys
aren't familiar with my sex topic
stories they usually come with a little
bit of philosophical or psychological
explanation as to why guys or girls
might like the certain thing that I'm
talking about with this I'm not gonna
have that so much I'll tell you guys why
I'm interested in it and why I would do
it but I don't really understand it I'm
gonna postulate a little bit so I'm not
at least confident that I know why guys
like this so much especially since guys
are so territorial why would they want
to participate in a gangbang or watch a
gangbang and porn I can tell you exactly
why guys like watching cream pies and
squirting and porn or why guys really
like interracial gangbang like I talked
about in one of my older videos older
isn't like a month or two old if you
want to check that out link will be in
the description but for gangbangs it's a
little bit of a mystery to me and it's
kind of funny because I and J both like
to watch gang bangs and porn over just
regular one man one woman getting it
down I can think of a few reasons why it
might be entertaining to a certain type
of guy but I can't really tell you why
it's that entertaining to a normal guy
who doesn't have some kind of
degradation fetish for women or some
kind of misogyny issue because there is
that if you're a misogynist you kind of
want to watch a girl get degraded by a
bunch of guys maybe even add a little
violence or bondage in there a little
bit of holding her down and making her
the slut that she is
if you fetishize that kind of thing and
separate it from real life cuz as I
always say fantasy completely different
things in real life that's fine I kind
of fetishize that myself so you have the
quote-unquote bedroom misogynist the
ones who just like to watch a girl get
degraded by as many men and as many
cocks and as many holes as possible and
then I think you have the people that
are just so desensitized by regular porn
they want to amp it up times 10 they
want to see as many holes filled as
possible they want to see as many dicks
in the shot as possible not for a gay
reason maybe
partially for a gay reason but mostly
just because sex between a man and a
woman in porn just doesn't really do it
anymore they want the most hardcore
thing possible I know some people in the
no-fat movement are gonna say that this
is harmful that their porn lives and the
things that they see in porn are never
gonna live up to the real sex lives and
therefore they're gonna be addicted to
porn and not able to form real
relationships with real sexual lives I
just think that most people unless they
have an actual addiction which is
completely different from just enjoying
something extreme or enjoying something
a lot I think most people can separate
the fantasy from reality I think most
men would never want to replace even a
subpar looking girl in a real
relationship and a real sexual
experience and the highs and lows of
that especially the large shot offs of
endorphins in the brain that they get
when they're encountering a new woman
who might be attracted to them or
interested in them and pursuing that
relationship they're not gonna trade all
of that real life stuff just to go home
and wank to something crazier than the
real sex life I think when they see a
good thing or at least a sufficient
thing a mildly attractive woman who
wants to fuck them and sleep with them
and real companionship unless that real
companionship sucks and that real girl
turns out to be a bitch they're always
gonna choose the real girl if they don't
ever choose the real girl because she's
not as hardcore as the porn he watches
that might be considered a porn
addiction but there's a very clear line
crossed there and I myself as well as J
and all of the guys I know that watched
certain types of porn it's just a
fantasy it's just a supplement to their
real sex lives or what they do in the
privacy of their own homes on their own
to make jerking off a little less boring
so anyway back to the topic of actual
gang bangs a lot of people have been
asking me would you ever participate in
a gangbang are you interested in
participating in a gangbang into that I
have to say yes I'm so overbearing and
domineering in my real life and so
confident of a person that it's really
really hot to me as I've talked about to
you guys a million times before to have
the opposite happen in bed where I'm
just absolutely submissive to a very
strong much more physically dominating
man than I am in bed now just take that
really sexy big buff physically
dominating man and times them by 10 that
just sounds like a way better fantasy a
way better time if you guys haven't
watched my why don't do porn video you
should go over there and watch that now
because I think at this point you guys
are going you can just hire a bunch of
male porn stars or get into porn
yourself and be paid to do this thing
while making sex a job for me and
showing it to the whole world and making
sex with me not something that is
elusive and rare and special just isn't
my thing that summed up that video real
quick also I'm not attracted to male
porn stars and I wouldn't like the whole
production of it all to have all the
dicks choreographed if that makes any
sense
I just want like a real gangbang and
possibly with a bunch of like J's
friends or guys that we know or
something so there wouldn't be any
weirdness and I want a real good time
and then the next day I go back to being
the overconfident Tara Babcock you guys
know and love making YouTube videos and
assertions about certain things
political philosophical and gaming
related I just think the juxtaposition
between my real life being the
dominating person and in my sex life
being the submissive person it adds a
spice to my life you know and that's why
I personally prefer stereotypically
manlier men bigger taller stronger
bigger dicks and all that because it
puts me in my fucking place sexually now
how a gangbang I imagine would go for me
is obviously J would be involved and
he's always said that he would like to
watch me he had fucked by a bunch of
dicks because that's just hot and
obviously he would be involved because
that would make it hotter at least for
me but I think the hard part about
actually finding a quality gangbang gang
is that guys are so territorial and they
are so homophobic so to speak not
homophobic as and they actually don't
like gay people but that they're so
afraid to be labeled as gay or to do
anything gay that it's like an instant
visceral turnoff and while I think that
it's kind of a shame that men can't
experiment in the way that women can
where they can be bisexual one day
lesbian one day it doesn't matter at all
they can experience the full spectrum of
their sexuality because there's no real
societal stigma there I'm personally
turned off by gay porn or watching a gay
act of someone that I found to be manly
before if I'm watching just regular gay
porn and I don't know the people it's
fine it can be hot I'm not really into
watching anal in the first place
especially like hairy asses and stuff so
I wouldn't really want to watch an
actual penetration but a guy sucking
another guy's dick or two guys kissing
that are hot especially in like a yaoi
way with like some anime characters that
I find attractive I can see that being
attractive anyway back to the gangbang
prospect I would have to be people that
I trust and that I know and the J knows
and that we're all just like cool with
each other and hopefully there wouldn't
be any ego issues
afterwards but I think this is all just
a pipe dream in my opinion I think I
would be reaching too far to even say
that I'll ever have a male male female
threesome although I don't really really
want that I think it would be kind of
hot it would be like the start of a
gangbang so if it were to ever happen
we'd have to all be drunk or on some
kind of drugs which is very very rare
for me I don't do drugs and I'm not a
fan of drinking and we'd have to all
mutually be comfortable with millions of
dicks surrounding me and they would all
have to be attracted to me which I know
some of you act like wouldn't be a hard
feat but trust me I get turned down just
as much as the next guy or girl probably
mostly because of the scary
too-good-to-be-true way I come on to
people very bluntly so now that we've
talked about the realistic probably
improbable way that I would have a
gangbang let's talk about my fantasy
football lineup of gangbang people
all-male of course but I would be
totally down to having a bunch of girls
with strap ons fuck me too or some
pre-op transgender girls that would be
really hot hopefully they would all have
substantially sized penises and I think
I could take a dick on the smaller end
of the spectrum if it belonged to a
super hot chick you guys know I have a
fetish for trannies I almost want to
make a fantasy gangbang lineup of people
from video games and anime because I'm
so much more attracted to guys in video
games and anime usually because they're
like flawless and they have the perfect
bodies and they're always badasses and
they'd like beat the shit out of people
it's so hot so let's go with a the
fantasy fantasy lineup that the anime
and the game characters and then let's
also go with the real-life people
celebrities youtubers and stuff that I
would choose from my lineup so let's say
the lineup the the number of guys
fucking me is five because I feel like
any more than five and you're just gonna
have a ton of guys jerking off in the
corner and who wants to see that other
than me obviously for the game slash
anime one we're gonna have Shao Kahn her
win' Smith from attack on Titan Shao
Kahn's from Mortal Kombat if you guys
don't know kratos pre-beard i like him
with the beard but he's a little bit too
old with the beard I like him like God
of War three ish I want to say Ezio but
there's only five spots so we're not
gonna add SEO in there and then for the
last two M bison and I'm probably
forgetting some people I'm probably
forgetting some people I like Oh Lots
because I'm just doing this off the top
of my head but then you get the more raw
reaction the first people that pop into
my head
are probably the people I subconsciously
want to fuck the most Freud would
probably say that that's true so we're
just gonna go with that even though for
its kind of a he would probably say I'm
still suck somewhere between my oral
stage and my anal stage of development
it's so hard when you come to the end
you only have a few slots left and
you're trying to make this perfect team
I don't know I had a sex dream recently
about Levi Ackerman from attack on Titan
so let's go with him we got to attack on
Titan line up members I watched a lot of
attack on Titan recently or we could go
with you know is that you know is that
his name from black clover he's kind of
hot I'm watching black clover right now
oh my god guys I was editing I
remembered Yami the head of the black
bowls he's like buffest fuck and hot so
Yami is my last dude there were like a
lot of hot people in black clover you
guys should watch that anime it's very
interesting there's like this hot chick
that like always runs around in a bikini
and like a thong well it's not like a
thong but underwear anyway back to
editing okay so now for the real people
the one that most of you guys are
probably interested in because it's not
a cop-out with imaginary people some of
these people I really want to fuck
outside of a gangbang like I would be
really disappointed if like all these
guys came to me and they're like
gangbang and I didn't get to experience
them alone without the gangbang there's
something interesting about experiencing
the nuance of a person's sexual
personality alone one-on-one it's
exciting it's fun I want to see that
shit that's the main reason why I want
to corrupt a few of these people that I
know would never sleep with me so I'm
gonna say number one in the lineup is
Ben Affleck but I am loath if I don't
actually get to fuck him one on one as
well obviously Jason there J is like the
number one I think he would be fucking
great in a gangbang he would definitely
dominate next we have to go with
Benedict Cumberbatch like we have to so
we've got three people now we've got a
Ben Affleck Benedict Cumberbatch and Jay
uh two more slots left God see you guys
know how much lately I wanted to bang
ben shapiro but I feel like ben shapiro
would not hold his own in a gangbang
whatsoever i feel like it would just be
awful and i highly doubt that he has a
formidable sized penis enough to hold
his own in the gangbang if he does even
more so why does he have to be so
married and so do ish let's say
let's say Milo I actually think it
wouldn't be interesting to have Milo in
there since he's gay he would probably
enjoy it a little bit more cuz it's like
the guy to girl ratio is way in his
favor and for the last person in my
fantasy football gangbang lineup ball
and mouth dicks in ass fuck it I can't
miss the opportunity to have a sex with
Ben Shapiro so we're gonna add bench
pair to the lineup hopefully he can hold
his own he gets the mouth so the first
guy would be in the mouth one guy would
be in the vagina another guy would be in
the ass at the same time the guys in the
vagina in the ass would have to be kind
of buddy-buddy with each other or a
little gay so one of those is gonna be
Milo then we got two guys left and I got
two hands so I'm like jerk and two of
the guys off looking into the eyes the
one in my mouth and now I'm disappointed
that this will never happen okay guys I
hope you enjoyed this video like the
video and subscribe if you did I hope
that I inspire you guys to talk a little
bit more openly while you have the
anonymity on the internet about your
sexuality and it's not feel so ashamed
that you have these weird fantasies or
fetishes and this politically correct
climate from both sides where everyone
is telling you you have to be straight
down the line married have kids have no
sexual deviancy is although we all know
they do fuck it be yourself if you'd
like to support the channel you can
check me out on patreon patreon calm
slash tear Babcock on my twitch stream
twitch.tv slash tear Babcock and if you
have any other suggestions for topics
I'm an open book and I love to do things
that I enjoy and you guys want to see
I'll see you guys with a pre-recorded
Friday night mail for the next video
love you guys what do you think about my
lineup hardcore fans who know me really
well did I miss anyone and
