to fix my bra here hey guys welcome to a
new episode of Friday night mail so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want I hope you all
are having a wonderful Friday evening or
Saturday morning depends on where you
are I suppose is it possible for it to
be a Thursday night I don't think so
anyway so we have a winner this week the
winner is Wharf Raven that's her
pseudonym and she wanted a heartbreaker
off-the-shoulder sweater
congratulations warp Raven I hope you
can now warp around and style with my
Tara Babcock merch I love it when you
guys choose Tara Babcock March as
winners of the giveaway oh my god I'm
hungry I feel like it's just depleting
my energy my energy stores for
enthusiasm and creating content or just
like dude I woke up so early this
morning to because I had to go get my
eyelashes done at 9:30 a.m. and I stayed
up last night until like 3:00 a.m. so
I'm a little bit tired and I can't sleep
and I can't take a nap because I have to
swallow because at 5:30 p.m. I have to
go get my hair done we're going to try
to make this a little bit more concise
instead of me just rambling about my day
the first question is from you Kilkenny
oh nine question what are your thoughts
on Clara babylegs becoming a cam girl
and would you ever try it
I barely know anything about this chick
but from my knowledge this happened a
long time ago where she transitioned
over to being a cam girl but I
personally abstain from having any
thoughts and what other people do with
their lives I think what is right for
them it's completely personal and I
could never apply my own opinions to
actual logic to being like she should or
shouldn't do this that doesn't make any
sense to me but I would never be a cam
girl because for me that's just not my
thing if you want to know more about why
don't do poor and why I don't do cam
Girling etc and actual cam grilling I
know you guys say that me playing video
games on cam because of the way I look
is cam curling but to me it is not and
this is why I don't do the actual cam
grilling here's the video link will be
in the description basically a quick
rundown if you don't want to go watch
the entire video is that porn just isn't
for me because I feel like it would take
away from a lot of the magic and
awesomeness that is sex it would become
a job for me that wouldn't be cool I'm
not really interested in sharing that
part of my intimacy with people who I do
not deem worthy
although I do like to tease so that's
why I'm okay with doing the fanservice
Fridays and the sexy pictures and the
modeling and all that stuff hopefully
that sums it up that might sound a
little bit convoluted to you but there's
a lot of nuance in my own personal
preference for myself and it's not
really something that anyone else has
the right to influence me on they of
course can have their own opinions based
on my life choices especially with how
public my life is but it's neither here
nor there because at the end of the day
I'm going to do what makes me happy
and you should too next question is
Austin Witten saying hi Tara questions
by the way if you say question in the
beginning like Dwight oh you're probably
going to get picked well at least you'll
have a higher chance of getting picked
did you have any other aspirations
before modeling or YouTube when did you
decide this was the right path for you
any advice for newcomers love you hot
stuff Britney Thank You Britney for the
awesome question I got into modeling
because I thought it would be sexy and
fun and it was something that I didn't
have to go to school for honestly I love
gaining knowledge and I like learning
new things but as far as academia goes
and as far as going to college paying
for all that stuff going to university
spending that much amount of my free
time on that I weighed the pros and the
cons and the good with the bad and I
didn't feel like it was worth that many
years of my life doing something so
expensive and so unnecessary
when I could still read and discuss the
things I wanted to learn about without
actually going to college trying to
achieve a very far-fetched and specific
profession like criminal psychologist
just didn't seem fun to me and didn't
seem worth it being a writer didn't seem
fun or worth it or profitable I could be
my own boss and an entrepreneur as a
model and the sexual sexuality just
comes so naturally to me that it made
sense but honestly in the long run I did
find out that modeling was not for me I
don't like to traveling I don't like the
interpersonal communications I don't
like the people in the industry agencies
and releases and all that stuff is just
not fun for me so while I still adore
the aspects of modeling that I got into
modeling for in the first place those
are highly diluted by all the things I
don't like about modeling I'm so fucking
happy that I was able to be successful
somewhat on YouTube and twitch because
those are the things I really love those
are the places I feel like I really
thrive where I'm able to be sexy and
have an opinion talk about philosophy
talk about ideas just be myself tell you
guys stories bridge the gap between
entertaining blonde bombshell and
intellectual that likes to talk about
philosophical topic
and then combining those two personas
with gaming right in the middle my
favorite hobby of all time it's just
just all over my face perfection I
fucking love it and I wouldn't do
anything else if I could choose advice
for newcomers beat your fucking self
don't do things to jeopardize your sense
of self or what you believe is right and
what you believe is intrinsically you
just for a little bit of money or fame
don't piggyback off of other people I
know it's hard in the face of a lot of
advertisers pulling out from the YouTube
and a lot to do monetization and people
being censored and PC culture and all
that shit but if you have an idea if you
have a personality if you have a skill
fucking show at all find your own nishan
brand of uniqueness and fucking stick to
that and do it to your heart's content
make yourself happy and the last
question
Owen Finley asks what offends you okay
so there's two definitions of the word
offend one of them is just like being
upset emotionally affected or butthurt
by something that someone says and then
the other definition includes the word
annoyed if we're going to define
offended as annoyed then constantly but
if we're going to define offended as
hurting someone's feelings or being able
to affect someone emotionally based on
your own just opinion or something that
you say words and not actually
conflicting with their right to living
their lives to the fullest then I would
say absolutely nothing offends me I feel
like being offended is a wasted emotion
it makes no sense logically or
rationally especially when it comes down
to the words that people say on the
internet hidden by anonymity who you're
never going to see and are never going
to affect you I've never understood
someone's opinion offending me I have my
own opinions on myself and that's all
that matters I have my own self esteem
and confidence and no one can waver that
just because they have their own
personal opinions I understand the
difference between opinions and facts
and I understand that the world does not
have one congruent opinion that actually
transfers over to facts so if someone
says I'm sad I'm ugly I'm stupid I'm
annoying my content sucks my fucking
tits are floppy whatever that's what
they're seeing and not actual objective
fact so it doesn't make any sense to a
lot any of your time and sorrow to these
people when your opinion is all that
matters and if you think your tits are
floppy and you're fat and you're boring
and stupid that's something you
personally need to work on and someone
harping that on you or agreeing with
your opinion shouldn't make any
difference I hope that answers you
guys's questions as always if you have
any questions please post them in the
comments like
section is always open if you have any
criticisms to anything I say or you're
confused about anything feel free to say
it I am much much better as a writer
than I am as a public speaker so if
something is confusing I would be happy
to elaborate also if you want to sign up
for the giveaway this week free shit why
the fuck wouldn't you the link will be
in the description at the very top of
the description follow the link do the
easy shit get some free shit yeah you
can choose between Terra Babcock much of
your choice and autographs eight-by-ten
or a steam game of your choice so first
thing I want to show you guys I got this
in my actual Pio box and I know you
probably haven't seen my P o box but
like doing this to this thing literally
takes up a hundred percent of my P o box
you line shipping supply specialists
quality runs in the family okay so these
things are called runs I believe so it's
kind of like a pun it's really cute and
it says this is the industrial size this
is Big Mama and this is Big Daddy I
can't help but feel like I already love
this company I thought it was kind of
silly
so I was like why would they send this
to me and then I realized they probably
just send it to people who get a lot of
in and out in the post office and the
peal box and there's actually a bunch of
really interesting stuff in here there's
like cute little icons for things that
need to not be refrigerated or to not be
frozen or keep frozen it's like a little
penguin in a tuxedo very fucking cute a
lot of stickers you can get I'm actually
thinking about buying maybe some labels
and postage once I move or maybe some
boxes get like on the wholesale level
because I'm often sending you guys merch
and stuff and then I'm doing it by
buying all these supplies not wholesale
and spending a lot of money on boxes and
shipping and all that stuff so something
interesting I just thought I would share
with you guys neither here nor there the
next thing we got is something from
Shawn black one of my favorite people in
the entire universe he sent me one of
these mailers that if you cut through
the middle it like explodes with
feathers I don't I don't know who made
that but it seems almost like insulation
like you know that shit you're not
supposed to eat but they eat and Family
Guy if you haven't seen that episode you
should oh my god and their stickiness
first thing we have is a river lanyard
with all the fucking Nintendo character
it well it's actually just the Mario
universe Wario and Luigi we've got a
1-up mushroom we've got a Koopa got a
Bullet Bill I like this one's cool and
on the end we have a little squishy
Mario and we have a game what game is it
oh it's
a game is the Assassin's Creed movie no
way no fucking way dude I was thinking
about going to actually see this a lot
of people that I respect the opinion of
said that it's very very bad but I like
Michael Fassbender he's very cool he has
a German last name I really liked him in
the fucking x-men movies and I would
like to see this movie so shit now I
have it thank you so much Sean oh god I
just threw it everywhere it's broken now
only a target exclusive assassin's creed
hidden arm dagger sleeve design by the
game developers oh my god that's why
it's kind of squishy oh I'm so glad I
opened it usually I don't open the DVD
it here to this like why would I do an
unboxing of the DVD it doesn't make
sense Century CJ puts a song that would
be fucking hilarious and 100% would not
been him Thank You Sean
this is a fucking awesome gift ah by the
way guys like to expand on the whole
like how I knew I wanted to be a
youtuber and it's like my calling I feel
like and all of this stuff is just so
awesome oh there's another side it's
like black and white with like goo and
Chain Chomp oh my god and like a dead
Koopa I fuckin love it the happy side of
the universe and the bad side or the
dark side I guess you would say but
anyway to expand on all of that I just
want to thank you guys for giving me
this platform
I want to thank YouTube for existing as
many problems as it has it's really
awesome that something like this exists
where we can be self-sufficient well not
having to deal with all the technical
difficulties of running and promoting
our own websites the community here on
YouTube is amazing even though there are
some trolls and some toxic people
it always has thought-provoking
conversations down in the comments for
me you guys are part of that community
and I love you so much thank you for
letting me be here and letting me
continue to be here and I'm saying this
mostly to my patrons because as most as
you know add Rev is shit especially for
someone like me who is not advertiser
friendly so I'm really appreciative that
you guys like my stuff enough to
continue watching and to sometimes even
support in a monetary fashion that's
just fucking amazing
oh is this something new we do we got me
some headphones
he asked me what color and then I said
red and then he said well Reds more
expensive and I said well don't get red
Ben and he said well we've already
committed to read and I can't believe it
he did it hey sexy bass junkie I think
you're a bit of a bass junkie so here
you go part
I'm loving the sound I hope you'll enjoy
heart No
if the headphone starts wheezing then
the battery is dead much-loved guest
from who obviously doing by the way if
you watch yesterday's video you will see
that Janu he made me a fan fiction
fuckin mutt tacular awesome story that I
made into a video because we're trying
to shit out so if you want to see that I
will post the link in the description I
will also post the link in his gaming
channel he is a game youtuber thank you
so much to Nui I don't know if I should
be doing an unboxing of these I guess
not they're just headphones right
they're really cool though like what it
opens like that and then I guess we're
just doing a mini unboxing here it's got
it's got a fucking little bag it's
really satiny and then here are the
headphones he knows that I like
headphones to have a lot of bass when
I'm listening to music so he found these
and bought them for me so it comes with
a double-a battery and the cord which
has like a remote on it should we just
listen to some music let's listen to
some music with it oh my god okay it has
a bass slider on the the back of the
thing or whatever yeah I think I have it
on backwards or something so let's see I
think I have it on backwards obviously I
was just screaming at you probably let's
see if I can regulate my voice like it's
actually shaking right now which is
pretty cool but let's see if I can
regulate my voice well I have this on am
i yelling right now I feel like I'm
being completely normal I'm not yelling
at all but yeah my head is shaking it
actually feels really good I like it
thank you so much new guy I really
appreciate this this is awesome I just
want to listen to this okay I'm probably
yelling right now am i yelling I can't
tell if I'm yelling ah alright enough of
that I think I just I just want to
listen to music instead of actually
doing what I'm supposed to be doing and
that that's just counterproductive we're
recording a video thank you so much do
you guys actually a really fucking good
gift because I love listening to music
oh shit we've got another bondage bear
good boy rubber cock rubber cock says hi
LMT here is Sam you are the son of Sam
if you watch The Last FM I passed rubber
town tasked white tasks I was hard to
say I just verb ser' so i tasked a
rubber tongue I always say test because
test is it my accent I don't fucking
know I told Robert um to get all of
these bears he already got me
was it Sree he got me Rea last time this
time you got me Sam now he needed to
give me Charlie Jessie Billy and Dakota
it's so funny because they actually put
the nose and the eyes on the Bears that
are going to have their faces completely
covered it's got a fucking actual leash
this is more rubber time on the last one
I feel because the leash I need to get
rubber tongue like a legit leash that he
can discreetly wear at all times I
actually have a presence lined up for
him because he edited a few videos for
me he's been a good boy but he's also
been a really bad boy I don't know I'm
complicit anyway his ass is just
legitimately out like this is anal rape
a bear 2.0 you just fucking 2.0 what's
1.0 I don't have to push so you put him
on is all fours and then you fuckin
holdin by his leash wrap it around his
neck like really tight me fucking craw
while you fuckin Raymond anally I don't
see any problem with this if you do post
in the comments we can identify the
coxster good boy rubber cookery no
rubber got me another bondage bear two
in one video rubber you're supposed to
you're supposed to make sure that you
are not in one video like that's just
good pacing okay lovely LMT
please meet Billy this is Billy the
fucking bear that likes to be tied up as
fuck I once did a photo shoot with the
photographer who tied me up like a
bondage style he was really good at it
for some reason we were shooting in this
old abandoned train car that looks like
it literally would have syringes on the
floor I don't know if I remember it that
way because that's the feeling that I
got from it it has a bunch of shit all
over the walls and I cannot find that
chute
oh my god I want to show you guys that
shoot it was like a picture of me bound
and gagged I'm going I was gags but like
from the back and you can see like the
shape of it was really really hot really
hot as you can see they do have eyes his
name is what Billy Billy and Sam the
teddy bear replicas of rubber tongue
these are all depending on rubber tongs
mood apparently sometimes he likes the
rope sometimes he likes the leather
panties the show is anus for penetration
all right we've got one big last box and
since it's big and since it appears to
be gift-wrapped through the hole I'm
going to assume that the real Donald
strikes again ah such a big thing yeah
please don't be Donald or dooby Donald's
I can't
oh it's from Donald I heard you were a
big fan of heavy metal so I thought you
could use this take this out of the box
and try it out on camera it would be
awesome love Donald ah how do I get it
okay it says 11 piece kids boy-girl drum
sets musical instrument all this cool
how the fuck did this person get this in
this fucking bag
oh please explain oh yeah ah musical
studio drum set large large bass drum
with foot pedals to medium drum 3 small
drum cymbal and drum sticks oh my god
it's for future rockers what about
current rockers I'm a current rocker
what any future rockers like literally
like still a fetus in the womb
ah thanks for falling everywhere ow I
cut myself everything's in here I don't
know how to set this up oh we got some
drumsticks bitch oh oh we got some
fucking drumsticks mmm drumsticks in
place here we go I'm little drummer cook
mom did it mom you know I said I was
going to refrain from using the word cup
so colloquially as a fucking fucking
thing as a disc or something which is
it's so gay to me but then I go ahead
and do it ah
all right this probably fits in
somewhere I don't know how to set this
up we're gonna have to I'm gonna have je
set it up for me and then we're going to
finish this video that's what we're
going to do I will be back
I shan't to disappoint you guys we will
put some footage at the end of the video
which is going to be pretty soon because
we just opened the last box of me
playing this drum set J isn't a game
right now so he's not able to build it
for me but thank God for men
patriarchy anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed this video like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you did
there's two videos over here you can
watch and if you want to watch
yesterday's video it is me reading some
Smuts made by someone who's second
language is English and has never lived
in America or any other english-speaking
country should be very fun very cool the
new guys fucking amazing thank you so
much Shaun Donald the new way I love you
all Robert Ungh you're a good boy but
you need to space out the GIMP teddy
bears okay I love you guys so much thank
you so much for watching don't forget
the clothes questions for next week and
also
sign up for the giveaway because I love
giving you guys free shit thanks for
watching and let me know what you think
of my experimentation recently with
braids I'm doing my best my best isn't
very good but I'm building that
dexterity woo it's like I'm spending a
bunch of time in a game on the braid
mechanics so that I can up my dexterity
for you know in future quests or
something I love you guys
thank you actually I was in band for
many many years I played the flute and I
learn in band was out of time to hold
drumsticks and nothing else
Donald this is definitely the coolest
thing you've ever gotten me it was more
personalized I think you've heard me
when I said that we had a connection bye
guys
