because then you see Ana Boehner almost
the whole freaking night so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys today I have
a piece of content for you guys it's
going to be pretty different pretty
abnormal from the usual I'm going to be
reading some subscriber created smut
fanfiction should be pretty fun
the reason I'm deciding to do this now
even though I've had the smut for quite
a while is because I got a brand new
parrot teleprompter now this is like a
mini teleprompter that fashions itself
onto the front of your camera lens and
then it reflects stuff off of your phone
onto the slanted glass so it looks like
the words are right in front of your
lens it's really cool and very happy
with my purchase of the parrot
teleprompter the unboxing and my initial
review of this product will be up on the
gaming channel so if you want to check
that out I will be updating the
description whenever I get that up
youtube.com slash Terry Babcock game I
have a bunch of other unboxings over
there as well but let's just get right
into this today I'm going to be doing my
best to read this little piece of
fanfiction the creator of which is the
new guy someone who I consider to have
become one of my best friends over the
years of viewing my content I fucking
love you too new guy and thank you so
much for supplying this one thing I do
want to note is I'm not going to be
changing this or correcting it in any
way and since this is the newest second
language there might be some grammatical
errors and inconsistencies there I love
you so fucking much mwah enjoy the story
you are on vacation to America you
already know Tara Babcock pretty well
one day you asked her if you can meet
her somewhere in the area of her
apartment just as a fan nothing more
Tara then says the other day yes we
can't meet this Friday at blank you are
very excited and can't believe that she
said yes your idol said yes you are the
rest of the time until the day you are
going to meet Tara very excited and
scared you're going to screw up this
meeting it's the day of the meeting Tara
text to you that the meeting will be
around 8 p.m. you think like ok I'm
going to do a bit of heavier workout
than normal so you will be extra pumped
for the meeting
later that day you went almost showering
but then you thought oh wait Tara said
she liked the smell of a little sweat
you figured that you were only going to
wash yourself and don't go showering
after you had eaten you are going to
make yourself ready for the meeting you
choose a nice shirt and a good smelling
deodorant
then you make your hair look nice and
wash your face once more it's 7:30 p.m.
now your drive to blank takes 15 minutes
you don't want to be late for this
meeting so you go right away on the way
to blank you are really getting nervous
it is actually starting to sink in that
you are going to meet the Tara Babcock
Oh God
you have arrived at blank you order a
coke it's 8:05 p.m. now and you are
afraid that Tara won't show up because
you're just a fan you order another coke
trying to think that she is just stuck
in traffic it's 8:25 p.m. now you are
like okay she won't show up so you are
making yourself ready to go to the
apartment you are approaching the door
just when you want to open the door Tara
and J open it and J keeps the door open
for you and you say Tara and J is it
both really you Tara says yeah it's me
you say hey nice to meet you guys I'm
the person who you guys had a little
meeting with while struggling and
searching for the right word why are you
guys so late you asked J starts to smile
and says first of all Tara wasn't ready
early enough and secondly the traffic
was horrible you say oh okay yeah the
traffic is a horrible mess all the
sudden Tara says why are you heading for
the door did you think we wouldn't show
up you say in all honesty yes after
waiting 30 minutes I didn't think you
guys would show up no no that laugh was
awful Tara says yeah that is true but
next time you should just trust us and
if we would get late again I would have
messaged you you say wait next time oh
that is so cool but okay I'll trust you
guys more hey I'm doing something really
wrong do you think you guys want a drink
or something to eat
I'll pay Tara and J both say yes I want
fries and grilled cheese you begin to
laugh a little a nap and something to
drink J passes and Tara says a diet 7up
you asked for the waitress if she can
get that for us and order for yourself a
big blank the waitress says okay it can
take a maximum of 10 minutes then the
waitress walks to another table you
awkwardly ask so how are you guys doing
J says I'm doing pretty well I'm almost
at my fitness goals again I say I need
to go to the gym you say okay cool I'm
getting closer to my goals - how are you
doing Tara Tara says I'm doing really
well I'm ahead in video than my patreon
- is going
very well how are you doing ask Tara you
say I'm finally in the actual game
developing in my school I'm very happy
about that so soon you'll be able to
make a game for me
you both say yes hopefully very soon
then the waitress comes and gives our
drinks and food she wishes us a nice
meal and goes when Tara and J see your
plate and they both ask you you look
skinny how can you finish that whole
blank you say yeah definitely I can
I may look skinny but the amount of food
I eat is insane
Tara says okay how much can you eat then
you say I don't really know one time I
ate like five whole place of fries meat
and other stuff Tara takes a bite of her
grilled cheese she burns her mouth a
little bit and says ah fuck that's hot
well trying to keep from laughing at
Tara you say not as hot as J though you
all three start to laugh and J says
thanks gay then you all start to laugh
again when you all stopped laughing you
started to talk about games while
finishing your meal about league in all
kinds of other games then a little while
after we all finish our meal J says hey
I really need to go Tara do you want to
come with me you say okay it was fun for
how long it lasted thanks a lot for the
great night thank you guys so much Tara
all the sudden says hey J I got an idea
do you approve of we invite blank to our
place tonight
J says yeah that would be fun of course
you well totally flabbergasted say wow
really that is a very big honor really
you guys are not kidding Tara says no
we're not you should come then I can
show you my NJ's setup also then we can
play a game or two together and I can
show you my stream and YouTube set up
you still flabbergasted say wow that
would be awesome but I can't play
because I don't have my PC at your house
J says it's okay I'm at the gym for a
while when you guys are at home you can
use my PC you say oh really
thanks Jay Tara says well we should go
then you say well one sec first I need
to pay some time later you say okay now
I'm ready to go when you're at the
apartment of Tara m JJ Texas force
closed and goes to the gym right away
you and Tara are now sitting alone in
her living room alone you ask Tara is
there any chance I may get a house tour
because I've sought in your YouTube
videos but we really epic to see it in
real life
Terra says yeah sure well this is the
living room and you know here is the
known chair where I do all of my videos
here's the kitchen where all the vegan
snacks are in the fridge here's the
bathroom slash toilet and here is the
bedroom with the closet don't look at
the mess please he knows me so well and
then here's the room where it all
happens this is the computer room you
say okay cool perhaps you can show me
your setup for streaming and for YouTube
videos kara says yeah sure I'll show you
some tips and tricks - you say cool Sara
shows you her setup and gives you a lot
of tips and tricks you are so thankful
for Tara explaining a lot to you then
Tara asks hey would you like to play law
with me now you're like okay are you
going to make fun of me then haha Tara
says no well maybe a little you say well
okay do I really have permission to use
J species Tara says yeah sure I'm sure
it's okay you say okay then let's go
then you say wait Tara did you want to
play ranked or normal Tara says just
some relaxed normals you say okay cool
would you like to try ADC one time
terraces oh why not one time you say
well okay it's going to be weird but I'm
going with support with Morgana okay
sure it's just normal so it's not the
end of the world if we lose when you
have one you say really insecure so how
bad did I do Tara says no you actually
did pretty well then Tara says hey do
you want to make it exciting you say
yeah sure how now you will go ADC and I
will go support and if I get more kills
than you you must give me a massage you
say okay sure but that would be a fun
win for me if I lose this bet Tara says
well I still want to do that I won't try
to get all the kills I will try to be a
good support you say okay I think that's
a good plan haha
the haha' are so awful I don't know
they're so awkward it's weird when
you're in a game you start to notice
that Tara is trying to get all the kills
you say Tara you lied to me you are
trying to get all the kills but I don't
really mind Tara says yeah I know at the
end of the game your team won you only
had seven kills and Tara had 18 kills
you say geez terror you wanted that
massage really bad didn't you Tara says
yes I really wanted that
and I didn't say what kind of massage
because I want a full body massage you
say tere are you sure you're okay with
that won't I get problems with jayven
Hara says no you won't I'll make sure of
that
you say well stuttering a bit okay a
deal's a deal
where do you want me to start massaging
you then terror applies and says just in
a bedroom and she walks to it and asks
you to come you say just a moment you
can't freaking believe it Tara wants you
to give her a full-body massage you're
freaking out a little bit you come to
the bedroom and ask where do you have
the massage oil Tara Tara gives the oil
to you and undresses herself you look
away because you feel that's appropriate
and Tara says why do you look away are
you afraid of boobs
she says well jiggling with her boobs so
you reply no I just felt it was the
appropriate thing to do and your eyes
grow because you see Tara and her
beautiful boobs and Tara starts giggling
a bit then asks how do you want me you
say stuttering um why don't I start
massaging your back and then we'll see
further Sara says okay good plan and
lays on her chest you go sit over her
one leg on one side and one leg on the
other and you say to Tara if you don't
want me to sit this way please tell me
this way I can put more pressure on your
back Tara says no problem I like a man
in a dominant position you say yeah
that's true but just say it if you don't
like something I do Tara applies okay
you start oiling Tara up and start
massaging her neck and shoulders you ask
if she likes it so far she says yes can
you also massage my upper and lower back
you say first I want to do your arm well
you start massaging her arms when you're
done there you start doing her upper
back you ask is it okay if I do the
sides too she says yeah of course that's
okay you start massaging the sides of
Tara her upper torso too but try to
avoid the boobs out of respect for Tara
then you start rubbing the oil in on the
lower back of Tara and you ask again
everything going as you wish so far Tara
says yes only for one thing stop being
so insecure you're doing great okay I'll
try Tara and when you're done massaging
her lower back you asked do you want me
to do your legs and butt - Tara says oh
stop asking and just do what you feel
like okay I'll try it's just that you're
so beautiful and I don't want to screw
things up Tara says don't worry you
won't you start massaging her
eggs in her butt and when you get close
to the private sector you won't even try
to touch it you work around it and when
you've done the whole back you ask Tara
if she wants to be done in the front too
she says yes I'd love that and turns
around you undressed the top side of
yourself and say it's hot in here and
again you go sit over Tara one leg on
one side and one leg on the other side
Tara says oh this makes me kind of hot
you start rubbing the massage oil in
again and again and try to avoid the
boobs out of respect for her Tara
notices it and grabs your hand and
places them on her boobs you get a
really red face and say are you sure
Tara Tara says yes rub those oils in you
start to rub in her boobs and you start
massaging them when you're almost done
with that Tara grabs your pants and
pulls it off you really shocked asked
Tara what are you doing Tara says okay
over this night I've tried multiple
hints but you apparently don't get them
or something you say well I got them
loud and clear but I didn't want to look
weird or something like that
and I didn't want to try anything out of
respect because then just he had a boner
almost the whole freaking night Tara
says yeah now well we both want it so
let's do it you say but Tara as you
might know I'm a virgin I can't let you
climax I think I think he means get you
to climax not let you Tara says don't
worry I always wanted to take someone's
virginity little does you know I've done
it many times
you ask are you really sure about it
Tara Tara says yes you say okay well how
do you want it to happen Tara says well
first take off your underwear then get a
condom okay done small is it huh and
where are the condoms Tara says they're
on the side of the bed and actually it's
above average you say oh okay really
well got the condoms Tara lays herself
down you try to get in there without
hand but it's hard no pun intended
Tara gives you a hand and puts you're
hard caulking or already wet pussy and
you say well that was awkward
and you start pumping and ask Tara if
you're doing good Tara moans yes you
were doing pretty well
that gives you an ego boost and you
asked Tara to change to doggy style
position oh yeah when you switched
position you start banging harder and
harder but
after 15 minutes and Tara not climaxing
you come will you keep trying to get ter
there - and after another 10 minutes you
get ter there and you come again - and
you just start kissing Tara all over her
body
sucking on her nipples and kissing the
belly then you go up again and Tara all
of a sudden goes down and pulls off the
condom and lays it on the ground she
starts looking to come off of your still
erected cock after that she starts tit
fucking you and sucks on the tip of your
cock while it slides between her
beautiful tits you think she is so good
at this and you come for a third time
but this time in her face you say I'm
sorry it's just that you're so beautiful
she said I don't mind so tasty all this
come you say well yeah I know you liked
it but I still find it weird sometimes
then you ask so Tara how did I do the
first time Tara says well you let me
climax oh that's a good thing and
practice makes perfect
you ask well any tips she says no you
actually did a really well you say well
I had a good teacher
you with all those sex ed have helped me
a lot Tara says oh you're sweet then you
hear J opening the apartment door and
you and Tara are still naked when J
walks in the room and sees you both
naked and says well I'm not cleaning
this up you start to get bright right
again and say hey J how was the gym and
Tara says hey hey we're just done so
don't worry j j says well it went well
at the gym and apparently it went well
here too
you guys didn't get bored I guess
meanwhile you were dressing yourself
again and say no not really
I hope I won't get in trouble with you
now J says no you know how it is between
Tara and me you say yeah but still I
thought I would die while you and Jay
were talking Tara dresses herself - and
says now hey you want to watch Gotham J
says before that who came up with this
idea Tara says me and explained it how
it went after that J started to laugh
and said well I heard your kill death
ratio was pretty good did you have a
good day yeah I guess so I don't know
why I played that well maybe to impress
you and Tara I don't know then you all
start to watch Gotham and become close
friends the end I hope you guys enjoyed
that oh my god it was very very hard to
keep reading that
without having some kind of Dutch accent
because it was clearly written by
someone whose second language is English
but he did pretty well I would say not
that many vans in places then and a very
interesting plot if you guys want me to
make this a series send in your smut in
your fanfiction and whatnot I might be
willing to do it because this is kind of
fun also well 90% of my videos are still
not going to be scripted I do like the
idea of having certain specific videos
scripted where I can be more concise
with my points if I'm doing a
philosophical topic something that's
obviously not a Vlad vlog but something
that I'm sitting here doing I really
loved my feel free to that video and
what it meant for me and my channel and
actually skyrocketed my channel with how
popular God and while I did awkwardly
present it that was one of my only ever
scripted videos but I feel like it was
so much more to the point in concise and
more what I wanted with my political
political used lightly commentary my
email addresses those in the description
too if you want to send in your own Tara
smut or anything of the kind it'll be
under the section that says if you want
to submit your own Tara says video do so
here
I appreciate the viewership on something
that is really just trial and error with
me right now I'm trying to get used to a
teleprompter I'm trying to see how I can
make it look most natural what speeds I
want to go at etc and thank you so much
for being a guinea pig of possibly a new
series on my channel Tara Reid's
fanfiction fanfiction Friday Friday will
always be Friday night mail and fan
service Friday over on patreon anyway
like the video subscribe to the channel
if you enjoyed there are two videos over
here that you can watch I hope this
wasn't too painful either on my part or
on two new guys parts and a new guy a
few critiques instead of saying he says
Tara says I say all the time you can
quote something that I've said and then
say Tara says in a monotone voice Tara
says in the most erotic tone you've ever
heard and just then your cock pops up
Springs with a heart throbbing erection
make a more theatrical instead of like a
script Tara says he says she says also
remember then is talking about something
that happened after something so I went
to the mall then I went to the
supermarket and then is a comparison
word the new guy is hotter than Tara I
hope
that helps you and I think you are
amazing for knowing as much as you do
keep improving always bye guys
