my nose runs when I do throat and my
nipples also get hard so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want
hey guys wanted to my 115 facts about me
video today I'm going to be going
quickly hopefully through a bunch of
facts that I've compiled about myself
that I either have never told you guys
or that very very few people will know
so if you guys want to play along with
me you can play the game of counting how
many of these you actually knew about me
I think that would be pretty interesting
to see how many people might have known
more than like 50 of these I'm actually
pretty sure I've written down some
things that nobody knows but rest
assured this isn't going to be one of
those boring videos where I tell you how
tall I am how old I am or that I like
dick which is something that everybody
fucking knows about me if they've
watched at least one of my videos so
without further ado let's get the fuck
into this I had a pretty sizeable mole
on my lip removed
I was a complete tomboy until I went to
modeling school when I was 12 years old
I even often dressed like a boy and wore
my boyfriend's clothes my natural boobs
were barely b-cups I'm really good at
basketball free throws relatively I'm
really bad at math I raised caterpillars
and stick bugs as a kid I'm really into
reading about sociology psychology
philosophy serial killers and what
happens to our brains when we dream I'm
pretty decent at Photoshop and graphic
design I do all of my own overlays
thumbnails and even edited some of my
modeling pictures I had a side company
called Tara Babcock can edit when I was
a model where I would edit other
people's pictures for a fee I actually
really love rain I just don't like
driving in it and I'm really going to
miss rain when I moved to Vegas my
favorite childhood memories include me
climbing things exploring playing sports
and playing video games with my parents
my shits like my actual shit is really
really aesthetic I hate common popular
phrases like BAE and woke and I only say
them ironically I have never been to
jail I don't like high heels or purses
I've never had GPA less than 3.5 I've
never gotten less than an A and a
writing reading or comprehension class I
was reading at a college level in fourth
grade when I was learning how to ride my
bike my dad didn't teach me how to stop
and I ran to a fence asshole and years
later I broke my two front teeth riding
my bike with my friend Chris and now
have crowns my least favorite game genre
is fps and anything first-person
absolutely sucks in my opinion local
anesthesia doesn't work well on
I had two black cats a turtle a hamster
and countless betta fish when I was
younger I would love a pet tarantula
chicken or iguana I've drank pee it's
not that bad
I graduated high school with a 3.7 GPA
while being in college simultaneously
I'm a vegetarian I'm bisexual
I lost my rigidity at 12 yes with
someone my age and yes it was my idea my
childhood SNES was spray-painted black
and had a sticker of a caterpillar on it
I still prefer the games from my
childhood more than the modern ones but
damn those graphics I've had sex with 10
men and messed around with countless
countless women my favorite music genre
is heavy metal but my favorite band will
always be Pink Floyd I'm left-handed but
because of video games and other things
I'm almost ambidextrous my natural hair
color is dirty blonde
I have no gag reflex actually I can just
control my gag reflex in my opinion the
mexican dialect of Spanish is the
ugliest accented language out there
Spain Spanish and some Spanish from
South America is fine though I started
modeling full-time quickly after I
turned 18 my first video game ever was
pitfall on the Atari I'm pretty sure my
favorite video game ever is Super Mario
Brothers 3 on the ulcerous cartridge the
one for SNES not the original on the NES
I cannot stand the feeling of wearing
baggy clothes I love all animals and
insects I never kill insects again in my
house like spiders fruit flies etc I've
been as small as 105 pounds and as big
as 165 pounds my favorite food is bread
and my favorite meal is grilled cheese
and tomato soup I love Monty Python
Fawlty Towers and John Cleese in general
when I was younger I was so shocked to
find out that we willingly killed
animals for food but we were so against
killing humans for any reason I always
let the meat that we ate came from
roadkill or animals that died naturally
things like that inspired my misanthropy
and my low opinion of society's moral
codes I don't vote and I don't think it
matters I love big events and
conventions and love me my fans I love
hugging and physical contact my
favourite modern non indie game
franchise has got a bore Captain America
is my favorite superhero but I was never
big into comic books until my adulthood
I was a cheerleader for two years my
natural response to pain is laughing
which is probably pretty creepy I also
have a high pain tolerance I scored in
the higher than 90 percentile in reading
comprehension and writing on the waffle
which is the Washington assessment of
student learning
we had to pass in order to graduate high
school but I passed math and science by
only a few points comment turn off like
the armpit smell sweaty balls and scars
are actually a turn-on to me
I've been live streaming on Twitch for
five years now way before it was cool to
be a hot girl streaming on that platform
one of the first I hate the topknot and
skinny jeans look on guys but I love big
full luscious beards and Lumberjacks if
you're buff and you have a beard you're
hot and not a hipster to me Shao Kahn is
by far my favorite video game character
of all time I identify with some of the
traits that make people a psychopath a
sociopath and have narcissistic
personality disorder but we all do right
I am so interested in getting a psych
eval and an IQ test I think most people
are sheep sheeple my favorite color of
all time is hot pink but when I was
younger it was red I almost exclusively
wear clothing from Hollister and
Abercrombie the only exceptions usually
being gaming clothes or hash tag Tara
Babcock merch I have a short temper for
people that I consider to be stupid
I don't like human babies and I have no
maternal instinct I can't remember the
last time I was embarrassed my parents
never got married but they never split
up either I've always had a very good
relationship with my parents my highest
ranking in the Starcraft 1v1 ladder was
platinum 69 is actually one of my least
favorite sex activities and positions
also that was fact 69 but sucking dick
is my favorite I was afraid of my cat
climb around as a teen he would hide and
then jump out of nowhere and attack me
he died recently
r.i.p climber I would do anything for
Jay Jay is the only person I can spend
all of my time with and not get bored
ugh or annoyed at Jay is also the proud
owner of my favorite penis I have never
been at the Space Needle despite living
in Seattle my entire life I despised
traveling but I've bent over 15 states
in the US I've never traveled outside of
the US with one exception to Vancouver
Canada for a Magic the Gathering
tournament I find the German language
and their stereotypical demeanor to be
very sexy I find it very sexy when a man
is strong enough to dominate me I've
always wondered what it would be like to
kill someone I've had cherry red natural
red blue and cotton candy pink hair I've
also had dark blond hair and brown
underneath my blonde hair I have a
second Instagram that I run for my
parents to rescue cats at snowy and
Panda I don't feel safe in cars
especially on the freeway I always
thought it was really weird how people
can do that every single day Bank of
about how scary things are like plastic
surgery when you're way more likely to
die in a car crash I have a relatively
large vocabulary and I've always been
kind of cocky about it
I'm a misanthrope a realist a skeptic
and a cynic I was a quarterfinalist in
the Star City Games regional
championship last summer that's a magic
tournament my favorite magic deck of all
time was mana blue devotion and my
favorite card is the judges familiar I
caught on to WoW rating guild with Jay
for a few years if I get to pick a class
in a game I'm always one with a familiar
or a pet I feel closer to my subscribers
and most of my real-life friends my
favourite anime of all time is Dragon
Ball Z and I own all the box sets for it
GT and Dragon Ball but no I haven't
started watching super yet I'm loud in
bed I can't stand talking on the phone
and prefer texting and emailing strongly
I would participate in a gangbang with
all original nine members of Slipknot as
long as they're in costume when I have
extra money I save it or I do more
giveaways for you guys I love it when
guys wear long sleeve shirts but roll it
up so they show their forearms I love
forearms especially when they're big
muscular and veiny I'm a size Queen I'm
profoundly turned on by masks I love
ketchup enough to drink it but I can't
stand tomatoes fucked up teeth and poor
hygiene or two of my biggest turn offs
especially when they're combined and oh
my god that yellow gunk that accumulates
near the gums oh I make cardio easier by
fantasizing while listening to metal
music I pretend I'm a Viking princess
warrior or something akin to baby doll
from Sucker Punch I'm a complete grammar
nazi but you should see my notes on my
phone for videos I absolutely hate
writing notes and scripts so I just bang
my face on the keyboard basically I
disagree with almost all forms of
segregation affirmative action or
anything that's meant to fix
discrimination I don't know how many
times I've turned down female only
eSports teams and events when I asked my
mom where babies come from she said
storks bring them to you when I asked
her how I cannot get one she said pray I
prayed for fusilli for months I like to
vascular muscles and dicks but I used to
dislike the former before I got into
bodybuilding ever fan I would take a
bullet for J but I believe that no good
deed is unselfish I would rather die
than live without him my nose runs when
I deep throat and my nipples also get
hard I have a fetish if you can't tell
for full lips on men and women I have a
lot of weird fetishes I hate the
laughing and crying emoji it always
reminds me of people who don't know what
you're to use and are easily offended
my first car ever was an aquamarine
Saturn sl2 which I named car car I've
spent thousands and thousands of dollars
on her and I plan on spending more pussy
juice activates my sweet tooth yeah that
thing that makes your teeth sensitive
with cold heat or sweet weird I'm an
atheist nihilist hedonist vegetarian
libertarian pro-choice anti sgw
anti-feminist bisexual yet none of those
dumb labels and compass are explain Who
I am
labels don't define me as an individual
and I'm of the opinion that they should
define no one I make less than a
thousand dollars each month on YouTube
and less than a hundred on the gaming
channel Thank You patreon patrons and
people who watch my twitch channel I
fucking love you guys
so fucking much you guys means so much
to me I really appreciate your
viewership and everything you do for me
and I really feel like we're a family
that's it guys I hope you enjoyed this
video I know I did it kind of weird and
matter-of-factly but I thought it would
be fun that way and easier to edit like
to video and subscribe if you enjoyed
and post your tally in the comments of
how many of these you knew about me I
genuinely adore the shit out of you and
hopefully found this video interesting
are there any of these that you identify
with as well see you in the next video
whoa and as always two videos over there
to watch and links and everything else
in the description
