Oh Yale so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail hopefully this isn't
late I'm recording it at 3:30 p.m. but
you know what fanservice Friday had to
come first this week after my fuckup
last week also purple lips can't be too
mad can you can you alright so we don't
have that many packages today which
means I had more time to take more
questions so we're taking 4 community
questions but first let's announce the
winner of this week's giveaway our
winner is William M congratulations
William M if you're watching this please
respond to my email so I can find out
what you want for the prize as the
winner of last week's giveaway of course
as always my wonderful lovely and
supportive viewers if you guys want to
sign up for the giveaway to get free
shit link is at the top of the
description alright let's move on to
some viewer questions today the first
question comes from Armand Costner hey
cutie-pie
he says what piece of content is the
least you enjoy making and editing I may
have asked this before I don't know I
feel like I have seen this question
circulated around before but I don't
know if I've ever answered it and
because there's more demand for it than
just you Armand it just makes it all the
more important that I answer it for you
guys so I honestly dislike editing the
Tara Reid's comments videos I love those
videos there among my favorite and my
favorite series on my channel like for
sure I can never find the perfect
position to put all the texts as I have
to clip out I have to have all the
clippings and I have to edit the
clippings within Sony Vegas I also have
to do all the zoom ins and make sure
that the text doesn't cover my face too
much in the zoom ins and you get the
desired effect
and while I'm editing it I always feel
like it's not going to be nearly as
funny as it turns out to be I honestly
had to learn to negate those
insecurities because every single time I
was like fuck this isn't even funny then
I would rewatch and it would be funnier
than I thought it would be and then you
guys liked it so it must be funny right
I love that series for what it stands
for but I hate editing it but when
something's really awful to edit it is
really satisfying to watch afterwards
and to see that you guys are enjoying it
and see all the likes next question all
the swimsuit is like digging into my
vagina hole the next question is from
Colton Angus hey Tara I have a question
for next week if you could turn yourself
into anything or anyone what would it be
and why
I've always wanted to be a man for a day
like a legit biological man with a penis
I think that would be really cool the
bigger the penis the better so I would
probably choose J to be for a day
also since J is my most important person
would be cool to get inside of his head
maybe I would understand him better not
saying there's any kind of apparent
misunderstanding with him but it would
just be cool to get inside his head you
know being a guy would be pretty badass
next question is from Raven winter my
question is if you were ever to see an
alien or get abducted by one what would
you do would you be scared
interested etc I would definitely be
interested depending on the nature of
the abduction or the encounter I would
maybe be scared but I'm not quite sure I
don't think I would miss judge or
prejudge them so harshly unless they're
like holding some kind of stereotypical
alien blaster at my face I would
probably be more intrigued than I would
be scared I think it would be amazing to
find out that there's intelligent life
on other planets I think it would be
awesome to be one of the first people
and a huge privilege to be able to
interrogate them interrogate sounds like
a very hostile word have a conversation
with them I just think that would be
awesome
or at least try to have a conversation
with them try to see if there are any
similarities or differences I think that
would be amazing Thank You Raven baby
and last question is from Bay logan
Garcia it doesn't say Bay but I'm adding
that in there question why do you love
Benedict Cumberbatch so much I don't see
anything special about him PS I know I
spelled his name wrong I am too lazy to
look it up in regards to the spelling
when in doubt go is too easy phonetic
spelling or the one that applies to
other already established English words
his name is literally cumber like
cucumber or cumbersome batch like a
batch of eggs super easy you don't have
to make it all baki like he's German or
something anyway I like Benedict
Cumberbatch not because of the way that
he looks obviously not that he's like
grotesquely deformed or something or
that he's actually objectively ugly I'm
sure a lot of women like him solely
based on the premise of his look but I
like his sociopathic highly intelligent
nature of all the roles that he plays
whether it's Doctor Strange Sherlock
Holmes or the dude I forget his name
from Star Trek if Star Trek roll was
probably my favorite he's the kind of
guy that I would forgo my natural
instinct to like big buff scary guys for
because he's just so sexy in the way
that he acts at least some his acting
roles which she seems to be typecast for
usually that means there's some truth to
his personality in real life
all right guys thank you so much for the
questions if you want to be part of my
fom don't forget to post your questions
in the comment my comment section is
always open if you have any questions
criticisms ideas or just general
thoughts like my anus is the scene right
now
and some time behind the guise of a
weird avatar and the anonymity of the
Internet I would like to tell people all
joking aside if you really need a place
to go talk to someone post in the
comments I'll respond to you love your
comment give you a little bit of love
and hopefully give back in some way
because you guys give me so much thank
you especially to my patrons and people
who are longtime viewers like Earth and
subscribers alright let's open some
packages well we have this really cool
envelope that's got like some
calligraphy ash shit on it looks fucking
awesome it's from grebs noir arts his
name is Shawn I just ripped this open I
literally thought it was just licked
closed my bad
ahh he sent it to me Shawn sent me this
art on Twitter and he said he would send
it to me I am so happy thank you so much
this is so beautiful this was the
binding and everything and the type of
paper that it is the sketching paper
reminds me of back in the day when I
used to try to be an artist never really
sketched anything substantial but I did
enjoy trying on the back we have a note
and it says dear Terra thank you for
letting me sketch you as a statue I
enjoyed doing so and I hope you'll show
this off to your friends and fans you
are the reason why we love YouTube and
we enjoy everything you do hope this
made your day love from Idaho Shawn
thank you so that's what's I down thank
you so much this is amazing I want to
share it with all of my fans and friends
here who are watching the video thank
you so much this is going to go in my
binder maybe it'll get the front page or
the cover for awhile I have the inkling
that his statements on the back are more
like a speak for yourself kind of
situation but they're so sweet thank you
so much and guys this is an indication I
love letters and they love art don't
forget that you did not have to spend
any money on me other than I guess
postage to make me smile art like this
makes my day and I have a huge folder
full of all of my fan art if you guys
want to draw around my modeling pictures
or one of my selfies or make an original
artwork go ahead thank you Shawn
ah alright next thing we have is
something from number and then like a
phone number or something oh shit it's
from me Andy so
has to be from Joe Oh God Joe sent me
the mother lode alright let's see what
kind of sexy stuff we got today so this
is clearly a pair of panties I really
wish I was wearing a two-piece now so I
can put this stuff on
kind of dumb that I wore swimsuit
okay so we've got these panties maybe
we'll put something on but we're taking
stuff out first Oh what is this no this
is underwear this is insane underwear I
think some kind of insane what is this
oh there's a picture thank God for the
diagrams that help me be Who I am all
right so it's like this and then my anus
or not my my butt cheeks kind of come
out here but it's more just like for
anal access probably not going to be
putting that one on it's safe to say in
this video at least funny story if you
guys think that one of my ass cheeks are
one of my legs and if I happen to show
them in this video if they're a little
bit different colors I totally forgot to
tan my left leg today it happens it
happens and this is oh these are the
bottoms that match the other thing you
said you couldn't find them this is
totally a match undergarments look
really long that means that they're
going to go really up high kind of like
a grandma I don't know it's not like a
grandma but my preferences are that
everything is like low-rise and hippie
and stuff Oh black panties I like I like
some more lacy panties with these little
corset looking things in the corners I
like that very cute more panties I
presume indeed my dear Watson we've got
exactly the same panties with a little
cool set stitches oh my fuckin British
accent oh is this a top that goes with
it cuz that'd be awesome
no more panties okay these are exactly
like the other ones except for the
corset area is black so the second best
I guess because I'm seeing some hot pink
in here alright I don't like these that
much because of the top the tops not
laced so it's going to be like tighter
and less able to be worn lower down on
my hips I'm a connoisseur of panties and
lingerie and stuff because I had to be
as a model okay this looks very very
tiny whoo this is just like a straight
up like g-string got a little a little
peaky part here with a little flower
very cute very cute and the last item
Joe thank you so much I really
Shadid email me and let me know which
one is your favorite of the things that
you bought me because these are all
really cute different colors I love
being colorful I think you guys can
catch that from my wardrobe often thank
you so much Joe let's put on a pair of
panties there we go
well me likey and I'm Marty dizzy from
turning my head and standing up man I
cannot wait for my neurological
appointment on the March 3rd I think
it's going to be or March 2nd yes that
was the earliest appointment all right
next thing we have is the tiniest thing
in the world I can't even imagine
I've not oh my god is this some Zoey I
think incomes Oh Eve I remember Zoey
telling me she's going to get me
something like this yes I think this is
from Zoey so cute I love this I love
that there's a hook and one of these so
I can choose which I can put my keys on
this and then hook it onto something
this is really beautiful when I was
younger and I'll show you guys when I go
through all of my old pictures and stuff
I'm going to make a whole video because
my mom found a ton of my baby pictures
up until the time that I was 16 or 17 so
you'll get to see my progression as a
human but anyway when I was younger in
an elementary school every single day I
would wear different pins I had ladybug
pins I had bird pins and I just thought
those were so cute and so beautiful and
so unique that I would wear a different
pin or a different hair bow every day
but mostly I was just labeled as weird
who cares right thank you so much baby
girl this is absolutely beautiful let me
try showed you guys there it is you see
it so fucking pretty here I love you
girl thank you so much right now I
should clip it to my clip it to my thing
it's actually kind of cool I like it
oh yeah next thing we've got is flatness
oh my god I know I'm gonna break a nail
opening this why does it have one of the
pull-tab
ahh oh this is from Zoey to silkies our
silkie chickens as pets I told her
recently on Facebook we were talking on
Facebook that I really want to get a
silkie chicken as a pet and I've always
wanted to they're like little cotton
fluff balls are so adorable I love
chickens and I would totally have like a
infinite supply of eggs if I did so
pretty fucking awesome they don't live
very long and that's the problem I want
them to live 800 years
far far exceeding my life expectancy so
I don't have to worry about
the loss of them that and the
responsibility are the only reasons I
don't have like a thousand pets or a
whole farm of animals thank you you're
so amazing girl I love it this book as a
must-have guide for anybody passionate
about silkie chickens silkie is or
silkie Bantam alright we have two more
boxes and then we're done which means
that I might actually get this up on
time also if you guys have noticed I
have a boom arm for my microphone now so
my microphone should sound a lot less
canny like I'm in a large room it should
be just higher quality overall which I'm
hoping for let me know in the comments
if you are enjoying it I recorded a
video yesterday but I'm not going to be
posting that the video before now so
this is the official first video hi Tara
I'm kind of a new viewer I've always
been watching you for a couple of months
and I love all your videos watching you
I have realized you love dicks and pink
so here you go
hope you love it from Gabriel P Thank
You Gabriel I can already tell you know
so much about me even from watching for
only a few months I really appreciate
some new viewers as well as older
viewers you guys are just so amazing
what is this Dickey jug sports well pink
oh my god one of the best gifts Oh
so simply me so simply me this is the
best thing fucking ever I can't express
my happiness with my fluffing Oh with my
bikini not bikini fuck monokini digging
into my asshole dude this is so amazing
I just knocked my pokeball oh my god is
there any way that I can get away with
drinking this on Twitch probably not
right this is awesome I drink so much
water this is literally one of the best
things I've ever gotten just because
it's so thoughtful and so ingenious and
so me you know god you're amazing
Gabriel thank you so much this is
insanely awesome let's make it a little
bit more fun oh yeah thank you so much
Gabriel how do you even think of that
you had to have been in a like fucked up
part of Amazon
grubber talk sent me himself
dear L&T I know you wanted this Here I
am this is a rubber tongue looks like
almost to the tee except for he's
Lashley is more furry than this oh man
it's so great I saw this bear in Trisha
Paytas story on Instagram it was like in
her bathroom or something just sitting
on the counter and I said rubber Todd
you have to find this for me and send it
to me because this is so you in fact I
feel like I should punish him for not
thinking of this himself oh my god on
the bottom you guys there's a bunch of
other one the same one the same one
looks the most like you so there's ray
which is this one Dakota Billy Sam
Charlie and Jesse rubber tongue I catch
cue with getting me all six of these
bondage bears alright guys thank you so
much for watching the video don't forget
to Like and subscribe if you enjoyed oh
my god
thirsty and hot need a drink just wrap
your lips around big pink oh my god I'm
gonna go fill it with fucking water like
right now after I rinse it out rinse it
up its pre-existing come actually maybe
I shouldn't rinse it
Gabriel Zoey Joe you guys are fucking
amazing thank you so much and rubber
town you've been kind of a good boy
today I am so happy that you guys exist
please have a wonderful fucking weekend
and if you enjoyed this video like
subscribe and check out more videos more
tariffs for you on the right here you
guys want to send me anything my Pio
boxes in the description as well as the
rest of my links and you are so fucking
amazing to me thank you so much I want
to throw myself upon you and love rape
you rape you against your will but out
of the utmost love and respect for you
my love for you is causing a moral
paradox in my brain good thing I refer
to myself as a moral nihilist bye guys
thanks for watching happy Friday
