hey guys welcome to new episode of sex
ed with Tara
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want today
I'm going to be giving you a few tips on
how to come faster or control when you
orgasm being able to come too fast might
be a problem for some men but not being
able to come fast enough in the case of
a quickie or when you don't have a lot
of time allotted well this can be a
problem for both men and women not only
that some women and even some men have a
hard time coming at all
this can be an occasional problem or a
problem that persist and if you guys can
hear that dog barking I'm sorry being
able to control when you come can make
masturbation easier quickies easier and
sex with their partner all the better
for instance you can come together
before we actually get started I want to
as always acknowledge that everyone is
different everybody is different and not
everything is going to work for everyone
so some of these tips might not work for
you some might work fantastically and
it's important to note that I am NOT a
doctor do not take this or anything as
gospel and make sure to do your own
research tip number one you have to eat
your head in the game focus learning to
get your head in the game during sexual
activity and becoming almost meditative
can definitely help especially for women
a large part of reaching climax is
mental not physiological it's actually
the chemicals in your brain that allow
you to feel the orgasm if for some
reason your mind isn't in it sometimes
or you're holding on to daily stresses
this can make it much much harder to
focus and come no matter what you do
keep your mind in sexy mode don't think
about what you need to do later on in
the day stresses from your job planning
the day none of that think only sexy
thoughts it's like a sexy then the
build-up to climax can be really tricky
for some people and it takes a lot
longer to build up that it does to lose
it and have to start all over again
maybe not all over but you could be
right there on the cuff and completely
lose it because you lose your train of
sex thought sexy talk sex talk whatever
what I'm saying is an elusive climax can
be lost way quicker than it takes to
actually build it up tip number two find
out your most intense fantasies I'm not
necessarily talking about having your
fantasies become reality dressing up
role-playing and all that I'm talking
more about mental fantasies things that
might not even be rooted in reality or
are impossible to happen rape fantasies
anime and
cartoon characters things like that
sometimes something impossible is our
most prevalent fantasy to find out this
sexual trigger for yourself try
masturbating without any other
stimulation other than your brain
explore different options and fantasies
things that turn you on and find out
what works best experimentation is key
and when you're in sexytime mode your
brain is going to kind of go toward
certain things that turn you on anyway
right
once you find that one thing that gets
you off every single time you can use
that thought to evoke stronger orgasms
when you want them as quick as you want
them you'll come easier and more
consistently if you have that thought in
your brain ready to go whenever you need
to really focus pretty cool when you can
use your head and your thoughts to get
off right okay so I admit this might be
confusing so I'm going to share my
journey with you about how I found my
sexual trigger many years back I was
reading this manga called nose Oh Keanu
now this manga is about a girl who moves
in next door to a boy they're both like
college-aged and she finds a little
people to be able to peep into his
apartment
so she decides to play a little game
with him where there are certain days of
the week that she's allowed to spy on
him and certain days in the week when he
in turn is allowed to spy on her she
wanted to watch him fuck other girls
masturbate just be himself in his own
habitat that's basically how I found out
I was a boy or a boy or specifically for
masturbation I thought this idea was so
hot this manga was so hot the premise
just oh my god that any time I really
need to come I just think about watching
a guy masturbate walking in on a guy
masturbating and it doesn't even have to
be with masturbation I can think about
the guy in question or the girl in
question that I'm having sex with and
think about them touching themselves or
masturbating gets me almost every time
using this kind of mental conditioning
and psychology of my own I can basically
come on command within like 30 seconds
to a minute sometimes even less if I'm
really into it I just have to focus and
keep replaying images and dialogue in my
mind another thing that really gets me
off is watching a guy have sex with
another girl a guy that I'm with or
engaged in sexual activity with I
imagine myself having a dialogue where
I'm talking dirty to him and telling him
to do things to her tip number three and
don't come so often I know I can be hard
to resist the urge to masturbate
regularly I mean I want to do it
regularly two sex three times a day
sounds really good to me but the less
you come on your own time the easier
it's going to be to come with your
partner especially for men but women
tell have that at benefit
because they can think sexy thoughts all
day come home to their man or the
significant other and that pent-up
sexual pressure can add to the intensity
of the actual sexual intercourse plus
for men if this means a better cumshot
by the way a guy's post in the comments
and like the video if you want me to do
a video on how to make your cum shot
very porn sorry thick frothy lotsa goo
I've been researching this and I've been
in contact with a viewer who has a lot
of tips for me so I can definitely do
that video if you guys want it if you
guys know which picture I posted on
Twitter a while back since then a lot of
people have been asking me how to get a
really thick cum shot so you know
thought I would research that for you
guys anyway men if you're having a hard
time coming during sex
you're probably masturbating too much
tip number four is don't wait as this
might sound contradictory to my last
point there is nuance and I'll explain
it to you here some people because of
their schedule stick to a sex schedule a
little bit too much sex or masturbation
before bed at a certain time the exact
way every time not only can't reach it
will get boring after a while but it
might make it harder for you to come if
there's just no excitement in it on top
of that we all have varying horniness
'iz throughout the day and we've all
been in positions where one stroke or
one pat to our genitals could totally
make us come or at least it feels like
it but then we put it off because I will
do it later or it's not an appropriate
time if the situation allows try to go
for it during that period you'll come a
lot faster and a lot more intensely I'm
not advocating for illegal activity or
harassment but no one's paying attention
to what you're doing inside private
bathroom stalls and brunch can totally
have a different meaning sometimes if
you want to tip number five is just
embrace what you like I know it might be
obvious to other people like me who have
no problem being open with their
sexuality and what they do and don't
like but these are all hang-ups and
worrying about feeling different because
of your sexual preferences can
definitely hinder your ability to have
fun during sex and to climax don't be
afraid to explore and be honest nothing
is too taboo during sex and your
preferences are uniquely your own
everyone has their kinks everyone has
something that's weird about them in
fact if you're not weird at all
then you're the weird one relatively
speaking to the rest of the world at
least explore different kinds of porn
positions King and people even until you
find out what works best for you it's no
one else's
and it's out of your control so it's not
something bad about it it's just useless
I honestly can't reiterate this enough
you can't have a healthy mindset about
sex until you let your misconceptions
what other people think and your ideas
what might be embarrassing go just enjoy
yourself and your partner tip number six
is technique now you might think as a
man that doing whatever during
masturbation or sex always feels good
and will eventually get you off so why
even try to do anything fancy but
finding that sweet spot can be just as
important for men as it is for women
especially in regards to being able to
control your climax and climaxing faster
try faster slower more or less pressure
more or less Lube and toys especially
for women twins can be integral if
you're looking to experiment try
something with a ton of different
settings different lengths different
shape try to get a bunch of different
experiences out of one toy it'll save
you money in the long run and you'll be
able to pinpoint exactly what you do and
do not like with these different
settings this isn't exactly the dream
choice for you you always know which
path you want to go down when you try
another toy as always I have the code
for a de mini is 50% off and free
shipping in the u.s. down the
descriptions if you want to check that
out
toys I'm an avid user of sex toys
especially in masturbation and as a girl
who can come pretty easily I still swear
by them anyway in regards to technique
women should first try different
pressures and different speeds around
the clitoris on top of the clitoris and
on the sides of the clitoris they can
also try penetration during clitoral
stimulation men try focusing on your
friend ulam try focusing less or more on
the head faster slower that flick of the
wrist technique and don't neglect the
bowl balls are not only for sucking you
can totally caress your own bowl both
sexes can try anal play and nipple
simulation as well you can even look up
a map of other erogenous zones and see
if those work out for you - for me not
many of the erogenous zones work but for
some people it's like hanging the
jackpot for the try at least there's a
bunch of really obscure ones like your
ears and stuff during sex try all
manners of positions I mean literally
all manners look them up borrow some
from porn try crazy shit that you don't
think will work at all and just power
between partners
which leads me to number eight which is
switching it up when trying to true
methods get boring switching it up can
definitely add spice it also forces you
to try something new which might totally
turn out to be better than what you did
before even if your old moves positions
and toys turn out to be the better one
you've allowed those old techniques to
become new again and therefore more
exciting
so variety embrace from them can
definitely help out and my last tip
which is number nine is trying out pump
the way vaginal nipple and penis pumps
work is they bring a lot of blood flow
to the area which in turn makes the area
really sensitive basically just ready to
go for orgasm however before using this
method I definitely recommend you doing
your own research seeing if it's right
for you and taking it slow these items
can make it so much better more intense
and easier to climax they can also
injure you definitely make sure you're
using them properly and not overusing
them so as always in this segment I talk
about what works best for me fantasizing
about men masturbating really really
hard vibration from toys while also
being penetrated vaginally and sometimes
anally I have this toy specifically that
I love because it does the rabbit vibe
on the Clint it has a vibe inside the
vagina and it has this little plastic
bead chain for the anus that feels so
good it's like the triple whammy the
trifecta and the perfect bottom I
collected it is actually a little bit
the less of my clitoris not like
directly on top that's too sensitive to
the right I'm not really feeling it and
toward the top that's good too but not
as good as the left don't ask me why
everyone's fucking different that's why
I tell you guys to explore to find out
what weird obscure area you like to be
touched in at this point I even like to
try to prolong the orgasm and delay the
orgasm to see if that affects me
sometimes forcing myself to continue
play after I've had an orgasm and just
forego my refractory period work and it
gives you kind of like an inner orgasm
hard to explain and something I've never
done before ask Jay about this topic and
he said extra Lube and watching cumshaw
I've also noticed that going from a
little bit of masturbation to the vagina
makes him come really fast but anyway I
think the philosophy behind people who
like cumshot is like they can imagine
coming on the girl or they get to see
someone else doing it and that makes
them more inclined to do it it being cum
kind of like a monkey see monkey do
situation right all right guys
you enjoyed this video like and
subscribe if you did please post in the
comments your techniques for coming fast
if you have any I would love to hear
them the comment section is always open
discussions for me on my channel and if
you guys have any ideas for a future sex
ed with Tara please let me know because
I'm always running out of ideas but rest
assured this series is not going
anywhere in fact when I move I'm going
to have a whole setup that makes it look
really professional and awesome it makes
me look like a really hot sex teacher
and I'm also no longer doing any other
unboxings or sponsorship videos other
than Adam and Eve and I won't do those
more frequently than like every three
months so if you feel like the series
has stagnated because I'm doing too many
unboxings of dildos and stuff I agree
and we are no longer taking those and I
would like to thank my patreon patrons
for being there for me so I don't have
to take sponsorship I let it add so much
I'll see you in the next video and as
always keep fucking and climaxing
quickly if you want Wow don't worry the
nose ring is fake but
