hey guys and I was very well but I have
a new episode of shit terror fucking
says it's just shit Tara says notches
hair fucking says so who cares why not
do your own thing and them say what they
want for those of you naughtiness and
Tara says the playlist is always on my
channel page that's right there shit
Tara says it is a fan-made series so if
you want to submit your own compilation
of things taken completely out of
context for comedic effect the email
address to do so down in the description
today's episode is created by none other
than because else off the creator of all
the sexy Tara gifts from my fanservice
Friday videos as well as the first
creator of shit terraces and oh we a ka
3x gaming an awesome BBC youtuber my
personal BBC BBC youtuber that sounds
like he does some kind of big black cock
porn on YouTube I don't know why I added
that in there you are a regular gaming
youtuber of your own right without your
BBC's I love you OB anyway these two are
a fucking Power Team the videos they
make together are fucking amazing I know
you guys are going to enjoy this it is
admittedly a little bit long busy to
start the video you will not want to
stop this I felt when I was watching it
I was laughing my fucking ass off so
without further ado let's start this
episode of the ridiculous shifted
terraces as edited by Nicholas else Tosh
and OB barrelling turn in the
description you should check them out
definitely check them out what enjoy no
Jews or Nazis were harmed in the
production of this video however an
African chick did get a car dropped on
her head by an alien dressing fuck me
Benedict Benedict in my opinion I really
liked the salty come it tastes so
fucking good act like is my only
persisting celebrity crush throughout my
like entire life so I am 100% for Ben
Affleck whatever he does never raping in
the butt I don't care just fuckin do it
Ben Affleck thumbs up
oh my god oh my god Ron oh my gosh I
find me oh my god what the fuck is that
I keep feeling like there's so many
behind me I'm clarifying I don't like it
Tara alienates half of her followers
with unpopular opinions take two action
wow I've ever seen a girl so obviously
and shamelessly desperate for male
attention you usually don't say these
kinds of things did you not realize that
you posted that twice on the same video
you're not a feminazi leave the euro
send me cards
Zabuza nicely stayed you're actually the
perfect woman Gary Johnson says Pro lame
weak bitch like you
comecomecome a comma comma chameleon
I'm so glad I'm a good person now let's
go kill some Jews in Sydney see a neo
canal a portal and a tutorial molto
Bella oh we are more ugly ringing Nina
Tony is Kenichi fella I tried my best to
do like the fucking plumber accent it's
me Mario
okay if this is another sex toy I'm
gonna anally rape a billion penguin
while they're sleeping and then kill all
of the Eskimos living near them blah hey
I don't like ghetto guys of any color I
have no problem with BBC
and Adolf Hitler says dead inside hate
to break it to you Adolf but you're dead
on the outside to quite a few years now
my mind is very weird it's like he was
having a bunch of bike club or streets
of rage or three fighter fucking dreams
or something and he didn't remember them
and he's like attacking me as if I'm
some kind of fucking makeshift chun-li
my ass isn't that big I'm sorry if she
didn't have a kiss I doubt she would get
any hit oh but you're not a rapper
how can anyone take this much seriously
oh my god I'm going to spend the rest of
my life worrying who's taking me
seriously that's what I need to do with
my life start worrying about pleasing
and appeasing all of these random people
I don't even know I hope they take me
seriously
I really care about the opinions of
strangers let me dress more
professionally I know about that geez
irony lastly we have a hot-ass blonde
Tara babka excuse me damn this bitch
ain't got under us on the boob she got
wonder boo what it is oh I'm surprised I
have to look in the mirror every goddamn
day and say damn I want to fuck myself
I'm so hot I could kiss my
yes but last week she surprised her fans
by changing her looking back so
conservative so oh wait I guess not
hmm should we watch that again in slow
motion
you're welcome
why did today so watch doctor trains
this month like right before my birthday
because I wanted to you know see some
benedict cumberbatch h't cover batch
action so I watched dr. strange this
month because I wanted to some benedict
cumberbatch action fuck I can't I can't
just can't say it I give up I've tried
like ten times anyway you know where I'm
trying to say I wanted to see some
Benedict Cumberbatch action cooper
underscore Fox underscore 99 asks have
you ever feel like eating cum like you
would any other edible substance yes I
have I always want like come on toast
come in my protein shakes like that
would just be such a nice additive I
want like a hard-boiled egg with like
cum drizzled on top because I like
hard-boiled eggs with salt and I think
like some salty come on top which is
really good it would be like Eggs
Benedict but better oh my god one of my
weird things about me is that I totally
love the taste of salty calm capaci asks
a threesome with famous people who'd
they beat alright this is going to be a
boy boy girl threesome for sure we are
going with Ben Affleck and I don't know
which one of the other guys I wanted to
be here let's just go with Chris Evans
dressed up as Captain America that would
be a good threesome oh my ads and of
course Benedict Cumberbatch mmm
tuck me benedict he recently got married
I came in
who is that that's a short break
oh boy do I have a story to tell you
guys one day I decided to go into my sex
toy drawer and pick out a dildo for the
night and I came across this what is
wrong with it someone break into my
house and sabotage my saucer grainbelt
who the fuck killed my sex toy
it was like a traumatic experience it's
not going to matter what magazine says
about me when she was gonna be here for
some B's like
it doesn't matter what you say to your
parents no parent wants their kid doing
porn share this video and add awareness
and scary next to a mutations disease my
answers are the best because it only any
fun it's doing I can be hated why would
you do that come on go for my mom I'm a
duck face until I get the correct answer
why do you drink water like if you're
drinking cock how do you drink cock
you have to read a book over the summer
and write a report yes tell your mom to
hit me up with that pussy tell her I'll
lick that shit you how grossed out are
you right now one to ten one why do you
like it when I like your mama's pussy
you're fucking a doctor I would like to
see you try while you'd like to see me
try and therefore fucking cookie some
kind of fucking wasn't with all that
Bush like good luck oh my hiding on my
how'd you know your mom has a bush I'm
sure it does like I would be to search
exalted extra English lessons
you know who's washed up your mom she's
a fucking whale those are zoos in Korea
no there's no real Korea
Oh why are you Koreans even exist
oh I smoked weed I died oh my god please
let me please Wow they just fucking
knock Betty's head off is if she's a
fucking dumb Betsy no that's why you
fuckin cunt bitch that's right that's
right
take my fucking W to the face you
fucking bastard oh my god I'm gonna kill
your face oh come on Betsy fucking bet
he's a cocksucking Khans bet he takes so
many dudes balls on her face oh just
like balls of jizz on her face
Betsy's a fucking stupid bitch I'm the
fucking news drinking
fucking today you bitch
oh you fucking bitch you fucking bitch
Sam oh you fucking cock fuck oh my god
no I said yeah
anybody watched over this fucking
motherfucker
geez this is cheese damn night of corned
beef and on it ah ha ah yeah yeah what
the fuck you doing with this animate
corn out of this fat fuck shit out your
way what is soda doing like here asshole
at him like what the fuck of that fuck
about your life imagine if people
behaved in real life and they didn't are
really like when someone walks by maybe
like I might end no mess up my ass every
night I cry myself to sleep they just
like tell you things you don't care the
fuck but by looking for other than 19
centimeters of throbbing erection all
right it's time to take a poop is he
just dead what is him calm
come on you son of a monkey ass
motherfucker
oh okay I'm saving again I'm gonna run
up to him and I'm gonna boot is asshole
just fucking get him yeah Oh what is
this oh my god
what is garbage I already knew that
fastest arrow cuz the best
I personally followed both of those
accounts and he's awesome he's also kind
of a cutie our man hit me up when you
turn 18 I was masturbating to you last
night
sound so bad
are you sure about that John state my
actual cup size is an F and my actual
band size is Terry four so my true bra
size is 34 M today here we are nice ha
this is one of my favorites for sure
this is really gonna match my choker in
my lips today the necklace not J change
color ah I was changing more actually
this easy I honestly like to sprawl a
lot but I don't wear it that must be
very long la la la la la la
and then I took him dick out of my mouth
and I was a cue I'm out of here
shall we go to this little tree black
same bra different color I really like
black on blondes especially pan blonde
what bitch ever sucks a dick like she's
stuck in addictions like all this is so
fucking good and then he comes and she's
like yeah I just like spits it out you
already had it in your mouth bitch just
fucking swallow it why would you not
swallow it it makes no fucking sense to
me like what kind of person if you don't
like the taste has come don't have it in
your mouth at all have him come
somewhere else okay you see that like
stuff on the wall over there I'm not
going on colleges and I'm in my opinion
I really like this all become it tastes
so fucking good it's like you know I
don't have a boyfriend
the us time to be sexually satisfied
whoa-ho-ho every woman should fucking
swallow all the fucking time every time
they take a pic in their mouth and women
should take dicks in their mouth daily
Tara for president
how many more times can you say the
f-word
that's not ladylike behavior all
ladylike behavior
irena 20s like the 1920s you know the
time when feminism was actually needed
because instead of sentiments like this
being just stupid comments that idiots
would say it was actually like a loss
yeah suck suck suck suck suck suck suck
suck suck suck suck suck suck suck suck
suck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck son that's how many more times
I can say it without getting winded did
anyone keep count
next time on shit terraces why don't you
pay attention to me what the fuck you're
not involved in this so you can fuck off
yeah yeah okay okay okay motherfucker
Hey
I
I think
