that gratuitous sexy thumbnail oh yes
give it to me good Oh Yale's titties
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new Friday night male oh
yeah we'll do it I hope you guys are
having a wonderful Friday evening as
this is late I'm sorry I'm recording it
at exactly 208 p.m. on the day of its
supposed upload also I can't find a good
middle point between having this button
I'm done and showing my bra and doing
this and having like no fucking tit I
hate it when there's too much space or
the buttons aren't spaced correctly so
end up not being able to show off the
appropriate amount of tits or at least
the desired for myself and for you guys
of course amount of fit while also not
showing that I am not wearing a bra that
makes sense with this outfit I also have
a fruit fly infestation which is very
fucking weird because I don't keep fruit
around the house I keep the house pretty
clean this is like the cleanest and our
cat said after a few weeks of not having
it cleaned lived here for six years and
now I have a fruit fly infestation so if
you see something flying across the
screen or something landing on my shit
oh I need to find their breeding ground
and I don't like killing insects like
not because it's gross or anything but I
just don't kill living things I know I'm
a pussy bitch but I don't like it I
think they're cute
so even when I do find the breeding
ground and abort all their babies I have
to wait for them to die off oh let's
just get into this this week's winner is
oh yeah so I laugh on tangent if this is
there was one did you see it this is a
little late which it probably will be
it's because I'm still editing it
because I'm going to be done by 3:00
p.m. and I have to have it up by 7:00
p.m. but usually it takes about two
three hours to edit then I have to
render it which takes about an hour and
then uploading it takes about 20 minutes
I don't think I'll make it on time
anyway sorry it's late this week's
winner is David T he wanted a copy of
the game don't start don't start was
pretty cool so I sent him don't starve
all of the DLC for don't starve and
don't starve together which in turn only
costed like 45 bucks
yes indie games I hope you enjoyed and
David T comes
gratulations yeah we have three
questions from the Sikh community today
and we're just going to start off we're
just going to run right into it
Armand Kastner asks QT Ball Z videos
after upload or do you get rid of them
and if so you must have a lot of storage
space if you don't mind elaborating do
you keep the edited or unedited versions
or both with love heart smiley love you
Armand I'm going to post a couple links
in the description he actually made a
few shit Tara says videos pretty
talented guy pretty cool very supportive
also to note I believe he's still
underage he's a cutie though I keep all
of my videos basically I keep all my
streams to which if you think about it
they're like four to six hour streams
every single time at least twice a week
up to seven times a week for the last
five years yes yes I also have old my
back modeling photos and videos that
wasn't some thousands and thousands of
them so I have in my computer right now
for two terabyte drives one four
terabyte drive I have a four terabyte
drive attached to that external drive
thing that makes internal drives
external drive the like docking station
thing I have like two or three old two
terabyte drives that I don't have in my
computer right now so yeah I think you
get to just I keep everything I know
it's packed ratty of me to do and it's
definitely not as organized as I would
like but I like the fact that if
anything happens to my youtube channel
or when I get older I have all of that
stuff I was really sad when I was like
18 I think it was and I lost all of my
pictures from like my myspace days
because I dropped my laptop and the hard
drive broke inside of it so basically
all the selfies which were a lot that I
took of myself from the age of like 15
to 18 I completely lost next question
the dark knight 9-1-1 3 asks women not
want a guy that is a virgin i think a
lot of women want a guy who is in charge
who knows what he wants who have some
experience who knows how to tackle the
crazily intricate organism that is the
female vagina obviously you can't just
like wank on the clit for two seconds
and make yourself come or you can't just
like stick something in your vagina and
instantly come some people can and those
people are very lucky
but on top of the whole stereotype that
women would rather be the submissive one
women also actually need someone who
kind of knows how to fulfill them but i
feel like there's a lot of easy ways
around this like you could just ask your
woman what she wants you can experiment
with her
learn with her she can tell you exactly
what she wants and teach you so while I
do think most women do want someone
who's not a virgin especially if you're
older a lot of women like myself kind of
a fetish for it I know what I'm doing
enough to teach you what to do and maybe
teach you something about what you like
as well it doesn't matter what your
problem is
there's always going to be someone out
there that doesn't give a shit or finds
it I deal so never get discouraged and
just keep looking and don't be ashamed
and the last question is from Zach would
you have sex with your doppelganger so
are we talking like doppelganger as in
like the Vampire Diaries where Elena
where the fuck her stupid name is I hate
that actress had like someone who looks
exactly like her from that whatever
we're not going to get into that where
that person is their own person they
just look exactly alike or are we
talking about an actual copy of me that
has the exact same experiences emotions
ideas guess it doesn't matter I'd say
yes to both why not
sounds like it would be fun that would
also be like a really fun threesome post
in the comments and you would have sex
with your doppelganger and would it
matter if they were the exact same
person or if they were a separate person
that just looks like you would you feel
like there's some kind of incest rule
involved in that let me know I'm really
interested to hear alright let's open
packages I know for a fact today I'm
getting the Nintendo switch so that's
going to be cool sorry for the spoiler
but first we have so many other things
to unbox and I am so excited girl oh
yeah oh my God he's fucking kidding me
until like stuck in there what oh my god
cool oh shit Tara always a great time
catching your stream stay nerdy and game
hard Kyle say in KY okay so this guy is
at say an underscore KY on Instagram I'm
going to post his links down the
description he is fucking awesome look
at this artwork oh it's so bad I'm
totally going to hang this on my wall
and it's autographed this is so fucking
cool oh so this is like so intertwined
so we have Samus as Mario but then
Pikachu is like a Koopa he's a what is
it called lakitu but instead of being on
lakitu cloudy's on Nimbus oh my god this
is really fucking cool thank you so much
Kyle you're fucking awesome hahaha all
best thing to open first like oh my god
I'm in love okay we need to move on but
I'm in love
links in the district
and he's fucking awesome I think it's
hollow this is why I have headache
all right next package we have is this
it says some socks and see what what
sense what sense of socks what soft
scent is it this is our so many fucking
socks ok so I have to show you these
there's sofa artist ruffle they're so
fucking cute ok so this set a bunch of
different pairs of different colored
Totoro socks so cute another set of
Totoro socks and we've got teas delivery
service I think this is how a moving
castle oh my god Oh spirited away and
Totoro these are so oh my god I have to
get black hold on words oh there's
bodies right there so here is the
spirited away one here is the Totoro one
and they all have this like really
pretty like lions here I like lions I
don't know people are always like oh it
makes you look fat or something is
stupid I love it
here's Howl's Moving Castle and then
here is Kiki's Delivery Service oh so
cool and cute and then these are the
other ones blue Totoro white Totoro
creamy Totoro and great odor oh here are
my seats by the way since people always
want me to post feet I just put this
with my thumbnail just like my feet can
you jerk it in the one minute that I'm
showing this lust of the minute
obviously oh my god so cute let me move
this and show you so fucking cute you
guys like oh my god I'm in love oh yeah
look at my soles oh yeah okay I'm pretty
sure Zoey got this for me but I'm not
100% sure so whatever got this for me
thank you so fucking much this is so
cute these are the cutest ox I own now
just like hands down last week I thought
I got the cutest socks I own this week
I've now had an updated version of the
cutest ox I've ever owned
oh my god I can't believe how much
detail they can put my bras out I can
only go to detail they can put in such
like the small amounts of stitches it's
like a whole scene that from each of the
Studio Ghibli films I love the most
thank you this week is exciting
oh my god I'm so sorry computer I just
threw the third package I was so excited
I threw an Amazon Prime box at my
computer and it went like gluten it's
wrapped nicely so is it a troll let's
find out it's not hi Tara love your work
enjoy your lovely ass
keep it up enjoy your gift from Vernon
Norman jr. Vernon what'd you get me girl
okay so we've got a wrap with a bags and
what is inside the bag break out our
leggings no way look at the our leggings
Thank You Vernon this is awesome about a
try them on alright so today I'm wearing
my Pokemon cardigan with like the skirt
literally I just put on whatever the
fuck I find because I could never find
anything but look at my back look at its
Pikachu anyways back to putting on
clothes I can't get it over in my sock
hopefully did fit me they look kind of
hey I'm so afraid because I just got my
nails done and like pulling out tight
leggings or like jeans or something
there's always a possibility of me
sticking my nail like directly through
it and I'm like completely fuck okay
these are extremely tight but
ostensively
they fit me kind of Thank You Vernon I
love them
and I can't wait to fit into them better
next thing we have before we open the
two last big-ass boxes
oh is this amazon fulfillment or miss
feed Babcock this is a Nintendo switch
carrying case and screen protector I'm
assuming this is from Robert um is there
a note so there's some other shit too
okay here's the screen guard and it says
dear LM T now you can bring your switch
anywhere even into the shower I think
not
good boy rubber this box though this
motherfucking box is from Shawn black I
can't even imagine what one derasa T
awaits inside this package product like
what could it possibly be oh my god I'm
so excited a little too excited going to
jizz in my new ow leggings and run them
I love you Shawn it doesn't matter
what's in the
I fucking love you too oh my god what is
this
Nintendo ice cube tray okay so I'm gonna
let you in on a secret
I actually bought this three days ago
like obviously not this one but I bought
one of these for myself I thought at
Target and I fucking bought it like
crazy but prior I always use star ones
just like regular stars and I had two
trays so now I have my second tray as
mario ones thank you
this is awesome I love it it's gummy so
you can easily get the ice cubes out
because my old one was not like that I'd
have to like fuck it
Oh like the entire time it was awful to
say the least but there's more I cannot
believe this a remote-controlled Mario
Kart I how fucking awesome is that like
this videos can be even later now
because I really gonna want to fucking
put in footage of me actually using this
and I feel like we should make a whole
video of me just outside like rolling
this around maybe when I moved to Vegas
or maybe when it gets like not raining
no way no fucking way
oh my god I feel like we can get into so
much trouble Mario Kart 8 Mini
anti-gravity RC racer transform into
anti-gravity mode so it actually like
the wheels layout okay something obliged
show you this so it says there are two
modes anti-gravity and race and then you
just like click the buttons to switch
which mode it spins 360 degrees wheelies
and interest it fucking drinks you can
drift with this product oh my god I'm so
excited maybe we should just do an
unboxing like an unboxing video on the
gaming channel youtube.com slash care
about cod games and then we can do like
a whole thing of me moving around with
this all this oh I'm so excited
Shana you have like outdone yourself I'm
like more excited about this honestly
than I am about the switch I'm excited
about the switch okay and I'm going to
do an unboxing of the switch as well
youtube.com slash hear about club games
but the thing about the switch is that I
am so happy with my ps4 and the fact
that I just got my 3ds capture card and
I can stream it for you guys and there
are so many better games on the 3ds
right now whereas with the switch
basically all you're using it for is the
novelty of being able to take it places
and then play
fucking flies and I'm playing the new
Zelda game I'm gonna be so awesome I
cannot all man so fun we're going to
have with this RC car this is actually
insane this is something I didn't even
know existed I never thought about it
but oh my god it's going to be cool
are we ready to open the suite all right
here we go
this package is from forever Tong
Robertson was forced to buy me a switch
and the switch is coming from his
country so we had to buy media doctrine
and that adapter came first so it was
like completely ruining the surprise
well it wasn't a surprise but it was
ruining everything basically what the
fuck how do I get this open rubber are
you forsaking me I feel like you're
forsaking me release what the hell what
am i doing what is this why are they in
dutch boxes of doom and Weis on tape
rubber why Sarge tape can demolish
alright so the first thing we have is
what the fuck is this folder ok sent me
a letter Robert Lincoln sent me a letter
let's take it out of the solar please
sign in this package the following thing
is a dear LM tea at the top so then time
to switch console the chart grid
accessory the best game ever
Zelda breath of the wild by the time you
receive this package you will also get
or already have a guide for zelda
brussels a while which i got last week
and and us AC adapter Oh aus my cock
little slave will not be bad at English
grammar even if it is his second
language or third I think I hope the
switch will give you a lot of fun and
that it may listen well you deserve this
cool gift you are very amazing and
awesome and grave I could go on and on
your loyal servant Robert well Robert
this was really sweet so I feel like you
gained a few points for sending such a
sweet letter with it here we have the
charging grip breath of the wild and the
Nintendo switch console pretty fucking
cool two consoles in one week I just got
a PlayStation Plus like the other day
and boy has a blend knowing transferring
overall
my data alright guys I hope you liked
this video like the video and subscribe
if you did there will be two videos over
here at the end screen the last 20
seconds of the video that you can click
if you want to watch more Tara also all
of my links are down in the description
as well as the links for saying Thai my
Instagram my Twitter my Twitter my other
YouTube channel all that stuff is down
there as well as this week's giveaway
which you want to sign up for because
you can get your choice of the steam
game your choice of merch from my store
or an autograph date by then I fucking
love you guys so much I hope you have a
wonderful fucking Saturday night Friday
night whatever anyway you guys are
fucking awesome you're great just have a
wonderful fucking weekend and I'll see
you next week with another Friday night
mail good luck in the giveaway my I hope
you enjoyed woo I hope you enjoyed my
new lip color and my ass which I showed
very briefly let's try to balance my
Nintendo switch on my ass am i doing it
oh yeah
gratuitous ass grab oh my god these
leggings are play oh right I'm going to
colonize I've been fucking colonized
this land is of the fruit flies now bye
