I'm so bad at talking about this shit
I'm sorry guys if I'm all over the place
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
today we're gonna talk about we're gonna
update you on my moving situation which
I am just so so excited to get over with
but first look how awesome my Harley
Quinn pleather / whatever the fuck else
PVC hat I got from pax last year so I'm
using Vlad Vlad stick again which is
awesome it gives me like I'm actually
sitting in the regular place but I'm
filming with Vlad so yeah if it looks
like a real video no I can shake it
around like that and it's funny because
I'm looking in the viewfinder of my
actual camera and Vlad's right in front
of it so all I'm seeing is a focused in
version of Vlad's asshole which is
really cool sorry if you guys don't like
the the tangents if you don't like
tangents you're probably not gonna like
this video because this is an update on
my life and if you guys aren't
interested in my life or my moving
process and all the things that go into
that it's going to get pretty technical
and pretty irrelevant if you are just in
it for the boobs if you want to just sit
here and watch me and you know you like
the bra that I'm wearing today in the
tits that's fine too just sit back relax
meet the fuck out of me and I'll see you
at the end of the video where you give
me a like because you know I'm fine with
that kind of shit I like you too guys
Wow alright so if you guys don't know
I'm moving in June to Vegas I want to
move to Vegas for a multitude of reasons
at first I wasn't really happy about
leaving Seattle I really liked Seattle
especially because it rains but one of
the main reasons up is I need AC and
there is no a/c here it's really hard to
find a building unless it's like brand
new that actually has a/c built in and
it would be like a couple grand to put
it in also the cost of living here is
almost the cost of living in like Los
Angeles or New York it's very very high
maybe not New York New York's like in
fucking Seine but it's like it's like LA
and LA is very expensive if you guys
don't know the property property fucking
whatever the fuck in Vegas is it's it's
getting higher its rising a little bit
property values and things but it's so
fucking cheap I can get a mansion there
for what I would pay to get a pretty
shitty you like to
bedroom house here and I'm looking for
more room because I want to have extra
rooms so that if anyone comes into town
they can stay with me or but the main
reason the main reason is to have setups
for you guys I'm so excited to move and
have more room this place right here is
about a thousand square feet a little
less than a thousand square feet and I'm
making do with what I have and I'm
making do pretty well but the fact that
I just don't have any room to do full
body shots I don't have any room that
isn't completely cluttered I have so
much stuff now since I've been
collecting and you guys have been
sending me things I just need more room
and I want to do full setups like when I
move I'm actually gonna have a setup for
sex ed and a setup for shit Tara says
kind of like Rob Dyke has four why would
you put that on the internet and other
things I want a whole set like literally
an area that's just for that one series
of videos it looks extremely
professional and I want to have a place
where I can do full-body stuff I want to
have you know a backyard of my own or a
place of my own where I can film outside
if I'd like to I would film a lot of
Vlad vlogs outside with like a nice
pretty background maybe a palm tree in
the back and I just want a place of my
own as you guys know I've been having
issues with my upstairs neighbors and if
you guys didn't see it yet I made a
three part or four part I'm not quite
sure series of me checking out new
houses for construction and I was
thinking about buying a brand new house
but it's looking like honestly with all
of the bad reviews and things on new
constructions that you're just not
getting the quality that you you know
initially want to pay for and you're
also paying more because it's a brand
new house and it's looking like
construction is just higher-quality if
you go for something that's a few years
old so I'm okay with that
the reason I wanted something brand new
was because I just wanted something that
was wholly mine and if I can afford it I
wanted something that just is this brand
no one's lived in it no one's you know
fucked up the little edges I have a
thing I have like a it's like a neurotic
thing where I just can't stand how dirty
the the bottom little panels near the
floor that are like usually white how
they get dust on top of them and how
they get next and stuff and I would
spend so much time going through a house
that someone's lived in like repainting
all that stuff and like cleaning out the
the grime that gets stuck in the corners
on the floor especially with tile
things like that and you know someone's
shat in my bathroom and I know this is
like fucking firstworldproblems and it
shouldn't be something that I even care
about or considering when it comes to
buying my own home I should be just
feeling lucky that I can buy my own home
and honestly I am feeling very lucky
that things have worked out for me and I
thank you guys so much who have helped
me get to that part and that process in
my life but if I have the money and if I
care to spend that money on you know
certain luxuries that are personal to me
I don't see anything wrong with that
it's my money and I sacrifice other
luxuries like new cars having kids which
is not a luxury it's like an anti luxury
to me but that's very expensive as well
I don't have student loans although I am
helping Jay pay off his student loans
which are hellacious they're like in the
150 thousands now anyway I don't know
why I went off on a tangent I've have a
problem with what I do with my money you
can just see how unsubscribe and fuck
off I don't give a shit
but um yeah I showed you guys going
through checking out all these new
houses and I was told up and down by my
real estate agent which I have one of in
Vegas she's cool she's all right but I'm
a little bit jaded about her and the
whole process because the builders and
the agent were both telling me that
they'll work with my situation that
self-employed people get an interview
with lenders and that they work with
certain you know nuances in situations
of people who own their own business
like oh you know I wrote off a lot or I
do this and that and my income
fluctuates and stuff like that
none of that was true when I spoke to
two lenders two of the lenders that they
actually referred me to and they both
gave me the exact equation for what goes
on they take your last two tax returns
they see your net income okay so what I
do as I what I did is a professional
model and what I do as a streamer /
youtuber is I write off as much as I
possibly can and there are a lot of
things that aren't necessarily integral
for my business that I can write off
because they do help my business things
like when I was modeling things like
different clothing and when I bought
bikinis for shoots or even plastic
surgery I used to be able to write off
because it was something that helps my
business
and those things my business would still
function without those things and yes
that was in my eyes considered a luxury
that I was spending my own extra money
on but because I wrote off so much and
because I was able to write off so much
my net income was quite low for the last
two years and because of that because
it's only an equation that the lenders
take this is getting a bit technical
hope but hopefully I'm explaining it
correctly but basically what they do is
they take your net income so let's say
my net income is something really low
like eight thousand dollars because I
write off a lot I don't remember what it
actually was
and then they divide that by 24 so they
get your your monthly income and then
they only allow you to get a house or
the only inch fucking what's it called
they only will lend you enough for a
house that is like 30 percent of that
and it's not just the mortgage that they
account for they account for all of the
closing costs and all of the other like
random things that make that so if I
wanted like let's say I wanted to pay
$1,200 a month for a mortgage they would
also factor in a bunch of the thousands
of dollars and the other payments that
you have and the the cost of sewage and
all the other shit that you have to pay
for when you own your own house they
factor that into the maximum that
they'll allow you to lend out and they
don't factor in how much you want to put
down but they say that you have to put
down 10% or something like that there
might be a few disparities and what I'm
saying because I'm just telling you what
I remember but it's almost all the way
100% factual I'm remembering it pretty
well and both of the lenders acted like
no there's no leeway we don't think
about what you make we don't look at
your income coming in and out of your
your your bank account or your paypal or
we're not gonna you know even take a
look at your proof that you make this on
patreon or you make that on the backend
of YouTube analytics we're not gonna
look at any of that it's just what you
wrote off in your net income and it has
to do with that so I was fucked
basically it was really bad too I wrote
off as much as I possibly could I wrote
off when I would all the tax deductible
times that I was called that I donated
to charities I wrote I literally wrote
off everything I can write off my
internet because I'm a streamer and
because my
businesses mostly on online I can write
off my whole apartment because I use my
whole apartment to make videos and make
content and I have setups here and it's
basically like oh my god am i sweating
proof it's basically like I use the
whole apartment and you actually can
write off everything that you use if you
work from home and I use all of it
except for the bathroom so I wrote off
all of it except for the fucking
bathroom right and because because I
wrote so much often because I paid so
little in back taxes I was just
basically fucked I could get a house
that was $800 a month or something
ridiculous like that and you know it
would get me like a two or three-bedroom
oldish not that great not modern house
in Vegas because Vegas is pretty fucking
cheap I think I can get my dream home
for 2k a month mortgage which is fucking
amazing like thinking about it is so
awesome but so we're not buying that's
the end of the story and initially I was
reverting back to my old selfish like
not selfish but like just ridiculous
when I was younger since I was an only
child and I got pretty much everything I
wanted I would have immense emotional
distress any time I didn't get what I
wanted when I really wanted something I
remember there was this time when I was
younger that I had face paint and then I
cried for whatever reason and the face
paint went off and I the face paint got
ruined and I really wanted to go home
with that face paint and show my friends
I was really young not like you know
really young before it was a person and
I cried and cried and cried and I did my
mom go back and get me the same face
painting again because I would not have
it any other way
going home without that face paint and
I've I've transcended that for the most
part but inside me I was thinking I'm
not fucking moving if I don't get to own
I don't want to fucking rent and move
again and oh my god and I was being a
spoiled little bitch inside my head but
then I just reverted back to the smart
intelligent reasonable non fucking
selfishness fuck non stupidest fuck Tara
and I was like you know what it's okay
we'll move down there because I can't
stay here any longer I just can't it's
it's crowding me I love this little
apartment this is might the first place
I've ever loved besides my parents house
I love it it's done wonders for me it's
been amazing when I moved in it was so
cute even though it doesn't have real
or real stainless steel appliances which
is something for some reason I have a
fetish for even though the the kitchen
is in the living room which is in the
entryway and all that stuff and it was
it's a small apartment and I pay $1,700
a month for it now I I love this place
but I'm ready to move on I have outgrown
this place and it's okay if I have to
rent for a year so this year's tax
return in next year's tax return I'm not
gonna write as much off I'm gonna make
sure that I have as much net income as I
possibly can I'm probably gonna have to
like $15,000 to pay for tax in back
taxes and stuff this year which kind of
sucks but I want my dream house and if I
have to wait two years or a year for it
it's fine if I have to rent a place and
not have the absolute perfect setup for
a while that's fine I have I have a
little bit like one of the reasons why I
don't like renting is because I'm
putting so I'm just like it's like a
money sink into something that I don't
own and it's just like bad business they
say often that if you're investing in
real estate that's almost never a bad
idea and I want to get that going as
quickly as possible especially before
the the housing market Rises even more
in Vegas and I have to pay even more for
the dream house that I want but um I
don't want extravagance
I just want modern cute probably like
four bedrooms so I can have all the sets
that I want I want some form of a small
backyard and maybe one day if I have
some extra money I'll invest in a cute
little pool and we can do pool videos
but pretty much everything I want the
house for is just a gamer Bachelorette
den and yes Jay is moving with me so
it's a bachelor slash slash Bachelorette
then that is just good for my content
that allows me to make incredible
content that I've always wanted that
allows me the space to if I want to do a
clothing haul I can show you full body
on that clothing haul I can have
multiple setups I just want everything
to not feel so cluttered and be so dirty
and it's gonna help Jay with this dust
mite allergy because oh my God look at
this shit just like it's such a small
area and there
he's fucking I feel bad for him that we
found out he's allergic to dust mites
holy shit but yeah um if you guys want
more information on the housing the
decline in the housing market there's a
really good movie I forget what it's
called and it has I think not Edward
Norton Christian Bale and and even Brad
Pitt a little bit in there but you guys
should watch I'll post the name in the
description so I'm probably not gonna
edit it in but before that they were
like lending out to everyone they were
doing really risky loans and it was the
movies actually really good it's not as
boring as it sounds but after that
that's basically why I'm fucked they're
so stringent on the the lending process
with people who are self-employed and I
actually have a friend down in Vegas who
went through the same thing and he had
to put like so much down on his fucking
house to get his house because he
couldn't prove that he made that much to
the lenders and stuff so he had to
effectively put down like half the money
in cash on the house so that the house
was you know not you know didn't what's
called I'm so bad at talking about this
shit I'm sorry guys if I'm all over the
place you know like if you pay off 100
grand on a 200 grand house the house is
effectively to the lenders only a
hundred grand so they only have to lend
out a hundred grand and you know you had
to do that
something that insane in order to prove
that he makes that much and honestly I
makes sense they don't want to just like
get fucked over and never get their
money back but if I can sit here there's
nuance in people owning their own
businesses or being like doing the stuff
that I do you know so like I could have
not not done any of the procedures or
not bought so many clothes clothing
purchases and stuff like that and so
many technological purchases and I
didn't have to spend so much or write
off so much of my internet and stuff
because you know obviously the internet
is like 90% for work but it's also 10%
for jerking off and watching porn and
shit right so like there are so many
things that I could have done I can
express to them that I wrote this stuff
off because it is for my business but if
I ever have to not pay that much to run
my business or not
invest into my business that much that
year because I'm buying a new house I
can definitely do
and I can prove my income and prove how
much I make a month but you know it
didn't matter in the end and I'm not
gonna dwell on it I'm just gonna move
down there like a fucking bad-ass
oh I also have to one thing it is gonna
be in June I'm not sure if it's gonna be
an early June or late June because I
want my mom to drive the stuff down
there she has a CDL she's a school bus
drivers she has a CDL so she can drive
semis and stuff and I want to rent a
u-haul big enough to just take my stuff
down there so it's safe because I have
anxiety about just having some random
moving company drive my shit down there
you know and so she gets out of work
when school gets out because she's a
school bus driver and I don't think
she's willing to take time off to drive
myself down there so I'm probably gonna
have to pay 2,500 or something a month
for this place for that last month or
break out of my lease and pay double
1,700 break out of a new lease cuz I
have to pay double what the monthly cost
is or whatever so I don't know what I'm
gonna do on that front and I'll let you
guys know when I get a closer something
that's nice though about moving down
there and renting is that you only have
to start looking for a place like a
month or so before you move it's not as
hectic and it's not as crazy if you're
planning on just moving ok my thing's
gonna stop let me just stop it may ok
it's not as crazy and hectic if you're
just planning on renting because you
don't have to drive me this is like so
much crazier if you're planning on
owning and I like the fact that I'm
gonna be able to do the the owning
process when I'm in the same state so
that'll be nice I don't know those are
my updates still moving in June not
gonna be buying initially but I plan on
buying in 2018 as soon as I file my tax
return because I have this year's tax
return that I can file in the next year
and then I have the 2 years the 24
months proving that I make enough to
afford my dream house and then I'll get
the the lending process going and
everything will be great
I have contact with my real estate agent
who sends me houses that I can rent in
my price range which is 1500 to 1700 or
something like that so I want to stay
low because I want to save as much as I
possibly can and I'm not spending a lot
of money I haven't bought any new
clothes or any new things that I wasn't
already going to buy for a while I've
been saving pretty well
actually and I'm very proud of myself
cuz I'm not really good at saving but I
need to be good at saving because you
never know when I might hit a rough
patch or you never know when I might
want to open my own business or do
something else with my life and I just
want to make sure that I have the
options afforded to me and when that
time comes I love you guys so much thank
you so much for supporting me and being
part of this journey with me if this was
boring to you I'm so sorry I'm gonna try
to make this in a superfluous video for
the week so it's not like oh this is
what you get me talking about my life
and moving and crap like that but I love
you guys so much thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video mmm
don't forget to check out the other
videos over here on the right and the
end screen and I just love you guys so
much like and subscribe if you enjoyed
and let me know if you have any advice
if you're a real estate agent or if
you've gone through the process of what
you think I should do if you are someone
who bought a house being self-employed
please let me know because that would be
very interesting to me a lot of people
don't seem to be in the same boat as I
am so it's nice to share stories I love
you guys thank you
bye bye
