I hate under-eye eyeliner I hate
eyeliner in general I can never do it
right in a totally close my eyes and
makes them not look open enough and big
enough but I love yesterday's floki
makeup but if I wear the smoky makeup or
any kind of blood or anything like I
want to people would be like what's
wrong with you what are you doing it's
not Halloween so here I am stuck with it
in between that I am not happy with and
that is why I look slightly different
today so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
hey guys welcome to an episode of
broaden norton mood ah oh yeah I'm
feeling good today and we are about to
answer some questions from you guys open
some packages from you guys give away
some stuff and announce some winners of
giveaways for stuff from last week let's
start off with announcing the giveaway
winner on my open my email because I
always email myself something called FM
every single week it has the name of the
person and the three questions from you
guys one two three questions from you
guys but usually three alright so the
winner of this week's giveaway is Erik
with a lie which is pretty cool W
congratulations
Erik with a why W Erik has yet to
respond to my email and tell me what he
wants granted I did email him like 15
minutes ago
you should be faster I'm giving you free
shit am I not anyway whatever Eric M
gets I hope he enjoys and if you guys
want to sign up for this week's giveaway
link will be in the description as
always you follow me on all the social
networks you do things like that you
support me you get more entries that's
just how it works so click the link
inside out if you want your choice to
win an autograph 8 by 10 of merch item
of your choice or a steam game of your
choice and before we get into these
comments I just want to say how much I
fucking appreciate you guys you guys
have been so amazing to me in the last
week whether you're on patreon or you're
on my youtube channel or any of my other
social network and honestly just saying
that you guys still support what I do
and I have a lot of like-minded viewers
what thank you so much you are fucking
amazing never doubt that about yourself
god dammit alright so we're going to get
into these questions oh yes oh yes we're
going to start with a pre heavy one
Sarah oh yeah girl says by Tara I'm
curious what's your opinion on the word
retarded I'm assuming this girl is
either a new viewer to my channel and
doesn't know my policy on the fact that
words are just words and intent is what
matters more but if she's not if there's
others of you out there
really know my stance on the topic well
let's just finish reading her comment
first I noticed you use it sometimes I
personally really dislike it when people
use it
I feel like usually there are better
sounding more accurate and more smart
sounding words to choose from instead
can you talk about this in a video
please I use the word retarded
colloquially to me it means someone
who's not mentally challenged who's
acting really fucking stupid or
something happened that makes me angry
for instance wow it's really retarded
that so-and-so champion and league is so
overpowered something like that and
while I do agree that if you're writing
a paper or if you're in an actual
structured debate there are definitely
better more smart sounding words to use
but even if someone who prides
themselves on having a larger vocabulary
in the average person I still support
freedom of speech the fact that intent
is the only thing that matters and a
club will use the normalization of words
that originally are meant to offend or
argument meant to offend in the case of
retard did you guys know that most of
the words for stupid like invalid idiot
and things like that used to be actual
medical term for certain forms of mental
retardation but they stopped using them
because people started using them as
this is when in my opinion are there two
separate forms of the word like we still
use the word fag as a cigarette or a
bundle of sticks that should be seen as
completely different than the word fag
meant to harm homosexuals and the word
fag meant to say that someone's a lame
person you can't let words get to you
words in themselves don't have power you
are the one that's giving them power and
if you're giving someone who's hurting
your feelings power but I don't think
we're going to be that great friends and
I know a lot of people are like oh my
god you say you love your viewers so
much but you're willing to use words
that might hurt them and in response I'm
just going to leave this tweet here that
I tweeted last week obviously I don't
know each of you personally so I don't
know what triggers you but I'm giving
you all the basic respect that you're
not five-year-olds to get offended by
words especially when I don't mean to
harm you hopefully that answers your
question that's my view on it hopefully
we can agree or at least respectfully
disagree but it's not thanks for your
previous viewership up to this point and
I hope you find a content creator than
willing to coddle you while also being
able to entertain you because that's not
going to be me I'm sorry alright the
next question and a more fun question is
for a raise in winter hey David Rove
Raven says my question is do you believe
in a paranormal ghosts poltergeists
demons etc love you gorgeous love you do
I do not
however I do love reading about them and
hearing about them and having someone
read me ghost stories I think that's
that's really fun I just some extent
enjoy being afraid I know a lot of
people get adrenaline rushes from being
afraid I too enjoy that feeling but
occasionally it can be too much for me
and while ghost stories don't make me
afraid as much as like murder stories do
that's why I watch channels like Kaylee
Elyse Rob Dyke and a few others that do
really dark content / that is being
interested in serial killers and the
psychology of serial killers another
part of that is me watching it in the
dark and being a little bit afraid so I
don't have a specific belief in anything
that can't be proven through science I
do find it interesting to read about
watch TV shows about and read fictional
stories of alright and the best one okay
so I'm going to try not to ruin your
name yes Jenny cago sobs yes Jenny
called Oh sobs I'm assuming he's like
Russian or Ukrainian or something he
says I'm curious have you ever been
catfished so initially when I saw this
question I was like no I've never been
catfished I don't really go out on dates
I don't do the whole tinder thing and if
I do I know who the person is but then I
thought about it more and I remember a
really funny this is going to be a
really funny short story like a little
short story time so when I was using
Skype a lot because I was talking to a
friend on skype a lot and when I first
started streaming with Jay we would talk
over Skype I had a bunch of friends on
skype in the eSports community
particularly Starcraft community and one
day one of my friends from the modeling
industry one of the few friends that I
actually got kind of close to my name is
Rowley Ivanova she's a pretty big deal
we did a few tubes together here is a
picture right here pretty hot huh
anyway you can look her up she's put in
a bunch of different international
covers of Playboy sh n a bunch of
lingerie company is she's based out of
Tampa Florida I think it might be
Orlando Florida now I haven't talked to
her in a while but anyway this girl was
like the closest I could get to
understanding another model like I don't
really have that many model friends
because a lot of models are like oh you
know dresses shoes going out partying oh
my god and they like don't have the same
interests that I do she doesn't either
but she was more relatable and she was a
nicer girl and she wasn't as vapid in
vain as a lot of the others that I met
in the industry so we became friends but
one thing that I didn't like about her I
guess didn't click with her on was the
fact that she was so closed off sexually
she had a husband she seemed kind of
boring sexually and
I'm Jay and I were in the habit of
finding models at conventions and at
shoots and stuff and having threesomes
with them
like this was something we had quite a
few times and I feel like Raleigh
probably knew that or at least knew that
I was that kind of girl like that kind
of open girl I think she knew the day
and I were in a non-monogamous open type
relationship or just basically weren't
boyfriend and girlfriend but had sex so
one day I got a current request from her
on skype she started talking to me over
I am and she was telling me how she
wants to do like an on cam like sex
thing between us she said that she wants
to see me on cam naked and she'll get
naked and maybe we can masturbate and I
was like oh my god she's finally being
more open and it was so believable
because first of all this is one of the
few models that I actually knew and
liked as a friend enough for her to
contact me and be like that with me
second of all she did it and very
realistically like it was like I want to
be more open I want to try new things
I've always been attracted to you kind
of like a confession rather than like
hey girl let's do another one of those
sex parties it was like the person knew
exactly how Rolly was and exactly what
kind of friendship we had so I was
telling Jay oh my god Raleigh's finally
getting a little kinky she's getting a
little more open and I was like yeah
let's fucking do it and to give a little
more perspective and during that shoot
that I showed you guys she was like
afraid to show me her nipples and her
boobs even while we were alone and there
was no camera on us like when we're
doing implied stuff like as you can see
in the picture we had like our boobs
pressed together she would go like this
and then press her boobs to mine and
then be very self-conscious about it
like she was really reserved for someone
who takes half naked pictures right so I
was excited I obliged her with this
webcam show saying that we were going to
do like some sexy back-and-forth
webcaming and when a time comes she
wouldn't turn on her webcam so that's
when I got suspicious
I contacted Rolly and she said yeah
That's not me
and it was kind of awkward very weird
experience but yeah that's my only
catfish story that I have those kind of
open things the first thing I got it's
funny okay so this one has a question
mark on it visible from Dollar Shave
Club I don't know how I got subscribed
to Dollar Shave Club but thank you so
much Dollar Shave Club I've actually
been using the products you sent me last
time like the razor is so sharp I'll be
like shaving my legs and they'll be like
super smooth right but then like 15
minutes later I'll realize somehow
without even touching myself I've cut my
hand somewhere like it's crazy sharp
it's that sharp it's like phantom sharp
maybe because of that I should believe
in ghosts but anyway the one I have the
question mark on it says it's to Jose
Manuel
but I have one - Tara - so I'm a little
bit confused it's like someone mixed up
the name and sent josé's to me or maybe
they think J's name is Jose I don't know
either way we're gonna be able to this
one alright this time we just got more
racers and you also get like the
bathroom minutes time well spent I don't
know what this is it's like a little a
little notice but yeah something I like
about having new razors every month
apparently I'm getting new razors every
month is I don't have to like hoard
razors razors are actually really
expensive especially for the razor I was
using before and these ones actually
have like six blades that's insane how
sharp they are so I can keep them sharp
by replacing them quite frequently it
looks like I get for a month so one
every week and then I'll always have
like the closest shave ever this is not
sponsored I don't I've never talked to
anyone from Dollar Shave Club
they just keep sending me things I don't
know so thank you all or shave club
there link will be in the description if
you guys want to check them out why not
on my video where I got my first Dollar
Shave Club package a lot of people were
saying the company's amazing and they
also subscribe to it so next thing we've
got is this thing here this thing yeah
and yeah we're just going to open it I
don't know why sometimes tell you where
it's from because it's kind of
irrelevant Roma costume what is this so
this is like okay so it's like a sexy
dress with like a really low-cut back
and I'll go on like this and then barely
cover my titties and it'll be like that
but yeah this would barely cover my ass
- maybe we can do like a club where like
I'll actually dress up like I'm going to
the club and we could do like a club
where fanservice Friday maybe sometime I
don't know I don't know is enough to me
it might have been Joe - Joe send this
to me if Joe centers to me I appreciate
it Joe it's very sexy oh it is from Andy
so it is from Joe Joe thank you I
appreciate it I like it you're spoiling
me with sexy clothes because I'm never
going to buy myself sexy clothes
I just can't warrant buying something
that'll almost never wear Wow
almost hit my fucking laptop okay I
think this is from Zoey yes it is from
Zoey so we got me this poster this since
a lot of people often ask is my favorite
game of all time subversion my place was
not the NES version it was a super
enhanced version on the alters cartridge
with more color and stuff so when I
think about this game I don't think
about
in person I think about the 16-bit
versions I fucking love this game so
much I've finished this game in its
entirety like a hundred fucking times
twice on my stream I think once on my
youtube channel once with J once alone
and many times off-camera I absolutely
love this game and I really appreciate
it this is going to go in a frame it's
going to go up in my new house - Zoe you
are fucking wonderful I love you baby
girl you do not have to spoil me the way
that you do I think I had some other
things from Zoe too and I always feel so
bad I did buy her a present recently I
just randomly sent her one of those
ditto
gang guards you know the like whole set
of plushies were there the ditto face
but they're like a different looking
Pokemon I love those and she loves those
so I sent her my favorite one today I
sometimes give gifts back to the people
who buy me gifts but you have to be kind
of considered a friend to me otherwise
kind of creepy and I'm like half I know
your address I'm pretty unassuming you
know but I am more willing to kill than
most people I would say alright next
package we have it's from Japan it
doesn't matter where the fuck is from
Cara what is this I got a tea bag they
came back to me
green tea bags so piccolo tea bags me
but he doesn't have any genitalia
someone with a green ball sack under
cronic ball sack tea bags me thank you
Japanese people okay so we've got
pixelated Pikachu socks pixelated new
socks my favorite Pokemon and pixelated
easy socks so fucking cute we have to
put all these on and they're so small
they're like the perfect size usually I
get socks they like go up over my heel
like where the heel is supposed to be is
like up over my heel and there's like a
lump there which is like really annoying
let me flick to blad and I'll show you
what the socks look like on me thank you
very
you are amazing alright so easy socks so
cute new socks these are obviously my
favorite and the Pikachu saw oh I love
this so much they're so comfy and are
like actually the perfect size you are
so wonderful girl yeah thank you alright
next thing we have is this which I'm
going to dig into with my nails cuz I'm
so strong there's enough sweetest like
seriously oh my god oh my god it's Anne
it's so cute this is also from Zoey you
can't keep being so sweet to me and like
pandering to my interest you know my
interest so well owl nerdy things
pixelated things plushies you're
wonderful thank you so much I really
appreciate it
what this is so cute - it's like
something that a grandma would make like
that doesn't not like in a bad way but
like okay hey I love the things that my
grandma has knitted me and I like how
natural this beanie feels I don't know
it's true with you I love it you can
swing it what okay okay well the fuck
off we're in the box box torino oh we
have something okay this is going to be
a troll every time I see something
actually gets wrapped I'm always
thinking of the troll now it's from Kane
hi Tara just wanted to say you're
beautiful and I hope you enjoy your gift
from Kane eight Thank You Kane I
appreciate it or to see what you were
kind enough to send me Oh these leggings
because the but I saw these like you
guys that they were hilarious they
remind me of attack on Titan and I
always wanted to like do a body painted
version of Annie as a Titan like the
Annie Titan and I saw these and I
thought these reminded me so much of
attack on Titan so we have to try them
on as you guys know I am leggings
obsessed it's a disease okay you have to
forgive me I love these things that I'm
wearing today - they have like lace on
the top but this is better
don't look at my vagina oh my god oh I
will knock all night plushies down all
right there we go
I am so muscular oh and look at my
glance I like it thank you Kay and a
cool fucking name by the way Jesus I
didn't get a skeleton version where it's
like blacked out but then just like the
femur and all that that would be pretty
cool and I could say oh my god I got too
much lipo we're all my god starting
myself really paid off
thank you pain they fit perfectly and
they're super cool okay so people were
telling me they have OCD and don't like
seeing my choker off-center all right I
really love it I really love it when
they do misty Babcock lovely LMT here's
the adapter for the switch okay but
where's the switch so we've got an
adapter for a Nintendo switch but where
that Nintendo switch so rubber rubber
was forced to send me a Nintendo switch
so there will be
boxing on the gaming channel you can
also share about ball games soon
hopefully all right we've got one of
those boxes that supposedly has a pull
tab but when you pull it you break half
of your existence see I just pulled on
it and it isn't working
whoa oh oh my god breasts of the wildest
cooking dude where is my Nintendo switch
rubber tongue dear Ellen he made this
guide help you survive Hyrule help me
survive waiting to go to Hyrule this
game actually looks incredible by the
way it's really the only reason to get
the switch right now and I really don't
need any more consoles or games at the
moment but I'm going to up sensibly get
on the hype train I think I just no I
didn't I didn't lose it I love the guys
alright this is pretty Shaun black one
of my favorite people
it's a Nintendo something it's got the
Nintendo thing there oh it's a case for
my 3ds is pretty cool I love it and the
silent look at the silence aw it's so
cute
it has been in Tendo cleaning cloth it
has room for it looks like eight games
it holds eight games it doesn't stylus
to actual like game covers and then the
soft card into screen protector so I can
screen protect my shit I could probably
do that because I'm never actually
looking at the screen anyway so it's not
like it's going to ruin the luminosity
of my screen and I'll be like a guy
looking at my screen anymore because you
know capture card and I'm streaming it
so I'm looking at my computer monitors
really thoughtful really cool I didn't
actually have a case for my new 3ds
because the one I have was like gummy
and really like form-fitting and it only
fit the old 3d s's this next thing we
have is the heaviest thing ever it's
literally like at least five pounds on
its own but it is from Joseph Michaels
so it's not a bomb the SF would never
send me a bomb unless it was like a
replica I can't even with a package
alright so the first one is for tera and
it says fulfil your destiny you must a
great Valentine's Day you will have from
mom dad and your BS SPOC
if you guys want to watch Joseph's town
he is youtuber I'll post his links down
in the description you guys can check
him out oh my god this is a lot of
fucking comic book prolly sit brace
yourselves
we've got Star Wars last flight of the
Harbinger Star Wars Darth Vader
end of game well god I hope not Star
Wars rebels ale with wide you look like
a woman
and Hans like why do you look like a
woman Kanaan the last Padawan the secret
history of Kanaan from Star Wars rebels
Han Solo opposite Lando to raka
and finally Princess Leia looking pretty
damn fun
they can't Joseph I really appreciate it
and we have a set for J OH
may the force be with you on Valentine's
Day
but only on Valentine's Day all right
I'm now burned a present for him because
he's no fun and he would never come out
here and do it on camera so he's pouring
a shit so Jacobs Teen Titans Day reminds
me of Superboy's but Superboy's like
really manly and look at that ass
and he gets a bunch of fucking comic
books like like the Finn original comic
books oh my god Starcraft right look I
am so yelling we're gonna have to read
this together oh my god that's so cool
so bunch of Batman comics Batman under
the monster men part one and two and
three and four five and six this is a
really cool you Joseph you did not have
to do this fucking awesome thank you for
the belated Valentine's Day gift I
really appreciate it this starcraft one
holy Sh it's really cool if they killed
jim raynor Kali will wipe the war pig
slate clean
whoo all right we have one more thing
and it's like the lightest box ever to
box in history of all the boxing it's
from Donald these are going to be trolls
aren't they like their distress they're
going to be trolled if these aren't
rolls my name's not rola babcock love
Donald
flash back to LA and then these are
going to be trolls aren't they like
their gift wraps they're all gift wraps
nicely like they're going to be troll
these aren't troll my name is nod to
rola Babcock alright these are going to
be troll I'm fucking scarred from the
experience what is this oh my god it's a
set of troll oh dude dude I've always
hated these I had so many of these I
don't know where my mom got them or what
if she bought them for me but I've
always hated trolls and Jay loves trolls
I don't know why but now
cute he makes me want to like them
because he makes me feel bad for them I
always thought they were like kind of
fat little babies with really annoying
like hard hair Donald this is for age
four plus I'm going to ingest one of
these tiny baby trolls and die is that
what you want is that what you want
Thank You Donald this is actually cute
it's a good gift I noticed you've been
buying the exact same stuff for sniper
wolf
I thought we had something I thought we
had something but apparently you want to
be polygamous I see how it is all right
guys that's the perfect way to end this
fucking video like literally with one of
dawn strolls I hope you guys enjoyed I
hope you found it funny like the video
subscribe to the channel if you did
enjoy and I will see you in the next
video the next video I swear on either
Sunday or Monday
I swear will be this one fucking
favorites and it's going to be a really
good one I have a lot of really good
stuff last month I didn't even have like
a person I wanted to fuck this month
we're going hard although it seems
really good music lined up I love you so
much you guys are so fucking amazing I
hope you have a wonderful weekend all
the links to everything will be down in
the description so we're going to check
that out as well as the address of my
field box if you want to send me
anything to videos over here for you to
enjoy because I'm going to be signing
off of this one and I'll see you next
week with another Friday night mail love
you so fucking much Oh what alright I
feel like my vagina has less muscle than
represented here even though I do do
them kegels I'm like oh oh oh I also
note from Joseph I just found about
cleaning up so hey BFF sorry for the
lateness of these late Valentine's Day
gifts for you and Jay just didn't want
Jay to be without
enjoy your gift love your BFF just as
Michaels the adventurous Joe that's his
name on YouTube P I love you let me see
what ok bye for real guys
