I think people should be respectful to
each other so they can fuck more often
god this videos going to be good so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to episode of Tara read your fucking
comments today is going to be a little
bit different I'm in a Viking terra mode
which basically just means I haven't
washed my hair for three days and I
can't do anything normal with it also a
little bit addition to the series
Vikings right now but because I am
inviting mode with my 8-bit Skyrim
choker today instead of just reading
some random comments from haters we're
going to be trolling the trolls
aka feeding the trolls until they die of
obesity this episode turns out perfect
in my head if it doesn't turn out
perfect in real life I'm going to be
just warning and before any of these
guys try to point out while it is so
conceited about her intellectual and
comedic Perales I will have you know
that I'm going to beat you to it it is
no secret that I think highly of how
funny I am I can hear now the imminent
keyboard crushing of all of the haters
with what she thinks is funny I know how
to hurt her now you are so untalented
and unfunny like my grandmother's
colostomy bag is funnier than you
alright so without further ado let's go
ahead and look at some of the times that
I responded to comment because my
responses to comments can be pretty
funny well start off a little slow shall
we so this guy Airbender Qian wants me
to follow him he's of follow and puts
two emojis I respond with big size
because obviously my follow is going to
be contingent on his answer as I said
we're starting off light and this one's
just cute my name is duck says I'm a
duck love me please
quack appealing to my fondness for
animals knowing of a misanthrope and
don't really like human smarts
some absolute I'm not even going to try
to pronounce the name of says nope my
name is duck says aw and I respond with
it's okay I love you I love me some
ducks the rock asks me on Twitter what's
the biggest you've ever sucked i
honestly and truthfully answer 19 feet 3
inches folded in half how the book and I
respond with ID 32 and here comes big
herb 65 with all of his observational
prowess he says god damn
makes a big difference and I love the
comments and I also reply thank Odin
otherwise it'd be way too expensive
ha saying witty things back to people
who are trying to hate on me that's my
fucking life's blood dude alex robertson
says why don't you go smear some more
semen on your face you utterly
disgusting slut I upload favorite and
pin the comments saying this for free I
do believe in the saying don't feed the
trolls meaning don't feed them your
tears don't feed them by giving the
words that they say to you the hateful
words power I happen to see them very
fatty foods high on the glycemic index
mainly meant to give them type-2
diabetes so they have a fucking slow and
painful death that kind of feeding I
think is ok land whale with the most
beautiful avatar I've ever seen says I
don't even want to masturbate to you you
look like a plastic doll I don't fuck
plastic dolls my response plastic dolls
wouldn't even fuck you asterisk happy
face had to add that addendum there
because clearly he wasn't understanding
why he wasn't getting pussy from plastic
dolls not even a plastic doll would
consent to you you're not fucking them
not really your choice alright so this
is an Instagram post of mine it is a
beautiful picture from one of my
favorite video games of all time Shin
Megami Tensei Nocturne in the middle you
have the protagonist on the side you
have like the succubus chick and on the
other side you have a different demon
basically the point of the JRPG is to
control as many demons as you can as
many powerful demons get a good party
together and finish the game so here you
grabbing on to the heads of the demons
kind of showing that he controls their
minds general man 260 says okay so we
have Jay on the far left and Tara on the
right so what's in the middle any
thoughts
Tara and I reply with the patriarchy oh
man I crack myself up like I've been
compiling these for a few months and
reading through these I decided I just
had to make a Tara only Tara replies
Tara's comments Tara Wow
I've never liked my name but in relation
to me music to my ears
curls the card a girl that would
masturbate while looking on the mirror
it's true if I didn't have any other
visual stimulation like Jay or some porn
or some other dude or some other chick
masturbating while looking in the mirror
would be better than masturbating with
my eyes closed
I'm sorry I'm a very visual person Cisco
bids asked a subscriber video would be
cool
so the hairy-ass have an impact on your
decision this is all my Smasher past
video some hearty honest sincere advice
don't be insecure about your hairy ass
you have less outside bacteria reaching
your anus in the hairless man I am
honestly a cup half full kind of girl
alright I really love this one I'm sorry
I just really love this one this is our
little bit of autism for the day and by
autism I mean like not the deep super
severe autism but more like Asperger's
where you don't really get social nuance
and that kind of thing
so this guy says Terra what's the best
color for nails anal prolapse pink of
course black nail polish on girls
PVC black or my soul black any response
just black I feel bad for this poor guy
you probably thinks I'm like crazy but
everyone's uploading me so everyone else
gets my jokes my sense of humor okay
this is my favorite the last one is not
my favorite Romero Herrera as many
others loved the show that he's the
first person to come on the video one
cunt to cunt red cunt Lukens as you can
see it took me one second to screenshot
that after I posted it before I posted I
was literally sitting there rereading
that thinking it was so perfect I could
not post wanna con perfect dr. Seuss
setup joke oh my god
Thank You Ramiro Herrera and ace ghost
you guys are awesome alright this what
happened like today this g-money cuck
says an untalented whore who will do
anything for a quick buck my girl Zoe is
stickin up for me oh I know this one
describing your mother for 100 I just
turned to take some comment into
jeopardy if that's not positivity I
don't know what is and later on in the
post though he goes on to say she thinks
that we trolled him so hard he deleted
his account fun fact about blocking
someone on instagram the way instagram
displays that you've been blocked is not
like oh you've been blocked so you can't
see this post
it's literally like this page does not
exist
so please haters when I give you a taste
of your own medicine back at you what 10
times more eloquently I might add -
blocking me only makes you look like you
were so triggered you deleted your
online presence so continue to do that
it doesn't make us laugh at all why
would you
natural daylight one nothing else with
you is natural natural light looks good
unlike natural groups etc simple
I love these naturalistic fallacy
word-association jokes so they think are
clever so easy to make fun of often at
Lee says why are your tip so big
inflation in global warming things
expand when they're heated now
admittedly every time I'd roll the
trolls the jokes are have a hundred
percent perfect I just really wanted to
make the pun about boob inflation and
something about the economy while also
talking about global warming and how
things expands when they're heated cuz
that's hilarious so it was like a half
global warming physics joke and half
like a world issues joke that had to do
with getting bigger boobs like I said
I'm not perfect
today 3x my buddy OB says you're such an
ass Tara because you know I posted a
picture of my ass
I put the hoe and asshole I'm so cute
right like so fucking cute alright so I
know this is a long and daunting post
let's just ignore most of it and go down
to this little portion right here this
post is amazing by the way if you want
to check it out it's on my video
entitled Jason's letter a conversation
about the N word or something like that
anyway in the fourth paragraph he goes
on to say it doesn't matter which word
you use if malice intended so he says
the tune is it doesn't matter what word
that person used they could call you a
nigga Blacky monkey human idiot chair
spoon Hitler or even mother Teresa and I
say some nice shit and actually respond
seriously to his comment but at the end
I say as a side note can I call you
chair you look kind of cute and I need
two points to fit I don't know this
really tiny picture isn't it kind of
cute or are my standards for black men
these days so low then it's just like
don't be an idiot
don't be an S eww all right this wasn't
me responding to anything but I just
thought this was hilarious so picture of
my ass obviously we're going to have a
bunch of thirsty heathens commenting but
show us your vigils I meant you vagina
oh man there wasn't a third offense if
you can't spell vagina you shouldn't be
seeing any vagina all right we're going
to end this video on this wonderful
fucking comment from Ellen Elizabeth Oh
Tara's so on point in the beginning
people are always saying to focus more
on outside events than your life but I
feel the opposite quite a lot
I agree that focusing
on yourself and the people you care
about is far more productive for
improving the world overall because you
actually have control of the effect on
these things
unlike happenings that are so
disconnected from you you can't even
begin to change and this is another
comment that I uploaded and loved while
this video was just doused and drenched
in fat tire me acting like I'm super
conceited which is like half true half
not true me making fun of idiots me
trolling my friends and other trolls
something I want you guys to get out of
this is that I try my best to read all
the comments on all of my videos I
really appreciate every single one of
you even the haters the people who have
been here for a long time watching you
guys are fucking amazing
and I fucking adore the new features
that YouTube has added recently I really
appreciate that they added something
really cool which is the ability for me
to love a comment and for everyone to
see the comments that I've loved
answered me to pin comments that are
either relevant to me or pin troll
comments so that a lot of people can see
how stupid the guy is I think these new
features are great for showing how much
I love and appreciate you guys as well
as kind of silencing the troll and if
you scroll down on any one of my videos
you'll see so many of my love little
things I love comments and support me I
love comments that are funny I love
comments who disagree with me but
they're respectful and it's more like a
conversational way than I like fuck you
Condit died wave and I love troll
comments to show them but yes I read
this no I don't care what you think
and I'm purposefully doing that closing
my eyes while I speak sing to make
myself look super smug I really hope you
enjoyed this episode of Terry's comments
I feel like me showing my jokes and
trolls to thousands of people on the
internet rather than just a few people
seeing and voting it will help me better
my joke and witty retort game so thank
you so much for being the guinea pig
that I test on we are not perfect we
have a lot to learn let me know in the
comments if you enjoyed this kind of
thing I might do these from time to time
if you don't like just I love Harry
Reid's comment I will go back to a
hundred percent the regular style of
Harry's comments where I just read
comments and the respond to them here
but if you did happen to like this as
well I'll occasionally do one of these
because why not switching it up is fun
expect another Terry's comments really
soon because I have enough regular
promise to do a whole nother one so if
you hated this one and you've been
waiting a long time for this you
shouldn't have to wait too long to get
the next one I know today was supposed
to be my fucking favourites upload
was so inspired after looking through
the comments I really hope you guys
enjoyed it I had a lot of energy for it
and I was really hyped about it and I
feel like it didn't come out as perfect
as it did in my head which is a hundred
percent of my videos so whatever and too
much of a perfectionist apparently but
yeah see you in the next video there are
two other videos over here if you want
to keep watching some Tara catch up on
the Terry's comments playlist my
favorite playlist ma and thumbs up for
the Viking Tara look now you know when I
haven't washed my hair for at least
three days oh and I'm wearing my
favorite leggings today I just have to
show them off how good does my ass look
in these I love you guys buh-bye
