if you don't like needles and you cringe
it's stuff like that this might not be
the video for you to watch so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want what's up guys
welcome to a video I've been dying to
record forever I'm gonna be taking you
today with me to get my injections well
you're gonna be seeing the footage this
is the after I've always wanted to take
you guys with me and film the actual act
of me getting injections but my last
plastic surgeon as awesome as he was had
some brand conflicts so I couldn't now
that I'm in Vegas and have a new surgeon
I decided to take you along for the ride
but before I want to knock off a few of
the misconceptions about injections and
pose a little rant for you guys first
off as I am loath that I have to tell
you guys Botox does not go in lips so
anytime you see a girl with plump
luscious lips on Instagram you feel the
need to say oh my god too much of Botox
please know beforehand that you're just
gonna look like an idiot Botox in
actuality is a paralytic muscle toxin
that's injected into certain places like
in the forehead muscles up here between
the eyebrows and at the crow's feet area
in order to stop you from making faces
that create wrinkles and to also lessen
the tension that's already present in
the muscles to lessen the appearance of
fine lines so if you put it in fucking
lips you would look like you had a
stroke no one puts Botox in their lips
now that we've got that little rant out
of the way I'm not gonna be addressing
the trolls or people who think that my
lips don't look good or they just don't
like the way injected lips look everyone
is entitled to their opinion their free
speech and their preferences I for one
don't like fake asses or super huge
asses that's completely fine I'm gonna
address all of the people who say things
like why do you do that to yourself do
you know how bad that is for you aren't
you gonna end up looking like a lot of
the old celebrities that have too much
plastic surgery first of all what I do
is basically maintenance I'm not making
huge changes I'm not constantly adding
on more and more injectables so that one
day my face is gonna be a bunch of huge
goiters injectables last from three
months like Botox to six months to a
year and a half like filler filler is
made up of hyaluronic acid which is a
naturally occurring acid in our bodies
in our skin and therefore it reacts
really well within our tissue and breaks
down over time naturally so even if I
were to make this huge mistake where I
just look so ridiculous it's temporary
entirely temporary it's not as harmful
as the media would lead you to believe
and the vast majority of people who have
a huge problem with plastic surgery and
it's not an aesthetic problem are just
listening to the few and far between
tabloid horror stories that get really
popular where some celebrity got way too
much plastic surgery or a botched
facelift or something and they equate
that to all plastic surgery including
things that aren't surgery like
injectables which are pretty fucking
safe and again temporary injections and
even real plastic surgery where you go
under anesthesia is way less risky than
anything you do daily like driving a car
another thing to note is that the
hyaluronic acid is actually dissolvable
if you must I've heard the procedure is
painful but you can dissolve them if
something happens to be absolutely
terrible to those of you who say what if
you look weird when you get older I
don't think I will personally I think
I'm just gonna be a harder version of an
old person but even if I did you do know
you're not supposed to be hot when
you're old right I would much rather
have my preferred aesthetic when I'm
younger delay aging a little bit and
look really bad when I'm old and give a
shit what I look like when I'm old when
I'm young I know I'm talking a lot of
shit to you guys but I deal with this
I'm like a daily basis and it's kind of
like a really cringe-worthy thing now
we're a lot of people with a lot less
knowledge than me on things who have
never even tried it let alone even read
an article that wasn't an entertainment
article or trying to tell me how to live
my life but I'm an open book and I would
rather be able to be honest and share
this stuff with you guys and have an
open conversation where anyone can ask
me questions if they do fill
ill-informed rather than just pretend
I'm someone who's looking naturally
beautiful like most youtubers and
Instagram models do repress me most
people you follow and fact2 and enjoy as
natural beauties most of them have had
some work done you'd be surprised how
many people who aren't even models have
work done and nobody can tell especially
stuff like injectables and the last
people I want to address are the people
who say we are just concerned about you
okay let's put it this way you're not
concerned you just want to condescend to
me you someone who probably thinks I put
Botox in my lips is telling me that I'm
too stupid too naive or too emotionally
and psychologically weak to make my own
decisions about my own body and know
what's best for me to be concerned about
me in that way is literally just
condescending to me that you know better
I know what I want to do with my body I
do my fucking research I would never do
thing to harm myself just for beauty I'm
not an emotional wreck that's like oh my
god have to change everything or I'm
gonna kill myself I come at this from a
very scientific standpoint and I'm not
want to just rush into things without
doing research and if you genuinely are
one of those people who's concerned
realize how ridiculously belittling and
disrespectful that is to my own autonomy
all right now that I've gotten all of
that out of the way I want to talk to
you guys about what exactly I had done
before actually moving into the footage
where I actually get it done
so the first thing I had done is I had
Botox in between my eyebrows I've done
this two other times and the reason that
I do it and I know there's gonna be a
disconnect for a lot of you guys here
but I want to be completely open with my
aesthetic and how I want my appearance
to be while I do understand it's a very
personal experience you guys might be
like what the fuck is she talking about
so without getting any Botox in between
my eyebrows I do have a slight bit of
wrinkling when I go like this but it's
less about preventative Botox or
stopping those wrinkles it's more about
a specific thing I do while I talk where
I raise the inner parts of my eyebrows
betraying that I have no cartilage here
in the middle of my nose so my ideal
aesthetic for a nose is for it to be
straight down a straight down bridge the
same width all the way down to the tip
at least from my particular nose and
when I used to move my inner corners up
like that it would make my nose look
completely bulbous
so that's the main reason I get Botox
there other than the preventive aspect
the reason I'm a proponent of
preventative Botox is because it makes
logical sense if you don't move your
face and create wrinkles you're not
gonna have wrinkles later on that turn
into fine lines when your skin loses
collagen because you never made those
motions on your face that create those
lines now the way my plastic surgeon
does Botox is you buy like 50 ish units
and you own the whole syringe you can't
just buy a small portion of the syringe
what I usually get is 20 units like here
here here and here or something like
that but since I was buying the whole
syringe I can send it to something that
I was a little bit nervous about because
I've heard a lot of people getting
droopy brows droopy lids losing the arch
and their eyebrows but I consented to
getting some up in here and up in here
what's really cool about our facial
muscles is if you do it right you can
actually give yourself a mini brow lift
non-surgically of course and that's kind
of what's happening with me I love the
way my new surgeon did it this time
because I actually have a lot of range
of motion in my eyebrows none of which
actually create wrinkles so I can go
like this I can even kind of look angry
and there's just like a lot of range of
motion there still and the last place I
got Botox a very very tiny amount was in
the crow's feet area as you can see I
can still smile but I used to make a few
little lines here when I did smile and
now I don't a little background on Botox
it's botulinum toxin it takes about
three days to kick in and the only FDA
approved places to get it done are in
the crow's feet in the forehead I once
got it done in the chin be wary of any
place that's not FDA approved even
though that's not a strict guideline
sometimes the reasons that FDA doesn't
approve things are very political and
stupid when I got the Botox on my chin I
did smile and talked a little weird for
a while but again you live in your learn
and it was temporary moving on let's
talk about the aesthetic in my lips so I
hadn't gotten any injections for over a
year and I was starting to lose a little
bit of volume in the middle and I also
want to transition from putting a lot of
volume on the outside
aka duck lips into more of like a
thinner outer lip but a thicker inner
lip they're more of like a pout where
the lip kind of curves up into this
plumpness in the middle throughout the
years that I've been getting injections
I haven't really changed the size that I
want I'm pretty happy with this size but
I've been tweaking the aesthetic a
little bit to see what I like the best
on my face so right now I only got a
little bit injected over here in the
middle and I'm waiting for this side to
go down a little bit as it's over full
I'm also waiting for this side of the
bottom lip to go down a little bit and I
got a little bit more on this side and
what I get in my lips is usually
Juvederm there's a bunch of different
types of injectable hyaluronic acids but
Juvederm and rest alone are usually the
most popular ones there's also things
like Juvederm Ultra and they all have
different uses so in my lips regular
Juvederm under my eyes which is the last
thing I had done which made a world of
difference to me I love it so much it's
my favorite thing that I had done that
day I got Juvederm vu Bella or velour I
can't remember which but the one that
lasts the whole year God but the under
eye injections were like fucking night
and day I had a little bit of hollowing
why does that remind me of Dark Souls 3
I had like five Halloween no I had like
a little bit of a shallow trough
underneath my eyes that was starting to
develop and because I have big cheeks it
was accentuated any time I was in bright
lights it's like absolutely gone I have
like no lines under my eyes now and it
makes me look like at least five years
younger it's so amazing and my cheeks
just kind of know meld with my big blue
eyes I love it I was a little bit
nervous about the
I'm never usually nervous about this
stuff but with the under eyes I've never
done it before and I had heard even
though there's no documented cases that
you can have something happen to you
which is ocular occlusion where you can
inject into the blood vessel under your
eye and that can create blindness again
no documented cases and my surgeon uses
all the techniques to make sure that
that doesn't happen the technique you're
gonna see that's a little bit weird is
for injectibles to avoid extra bruising
and swelling that can happen if you go
through any of the blood vessels he
poked holes right here and right here
far away from the injection sites and
then you put a dull needle one that
won't puncture blood vessels but it'll
just move them out of the way into the
hole he created and that's what he
injects with I love the technique but I
will be honest the lips did hurt a lot
more but again while it does look a
little bit hardcore and it did hurt in
the moment there's no pain afterwards
and this time there was very little
swelling or bruising I was good to go
back to work same day and then the next
day it was like nothing really happened
to less I was full face no makeup so as
you can kind of tell about this long
monologue I'm very happy with my new
plastic surgeon and I'm excited to
finally get the aesthetic in my lips
that I've been kind of wanting for the
last year or so but I've been just
waiting for everything to die down as it
were to start changing the shape slowly
and the last note of caution and my
personal opinion and perspective on
getting injections or anything that's
non-surgical done that isn't like a
dermatological face peel never go to a
dermatologist never go to a beauty bar
go to an actual plastic surgeon even
though it's not plastic surgery the
plastic surgeon is trained as an actual
surgeon he knows all about the different
muscles in the face and all of the
tissues and what can happen he's gonna
much study your hand and a lot more
practice and it's not you're gonna be
paying more with injectables across the
board it's usually like around the same
price around 500 for a syringe an entire
year of my injectables which is like one
application to 1.5 applications is
around 1,500 dollars in total all right
now that I've gotten all of that
information out of the way I hope you
guys enjoy the footage of me taking you
along with me to get injections shoutout
to Reynolds Plastic Surgery for allowing
me to film I really do appreciate the
opportunity to be able to share this
with you guys also I've had a lot of
really painful dental work done and I
would take the pain of injections every
single day overdoing another root canal
or a tooth pulling that shit actually
hurts and for like no reward
and lastly girls if you're thinking
about going in and getting lip
sections remember to set aside money for
more than just the one syringe or two
syringes that you're going for the first
time because the first couple times you
do the injections they dissolve really
quickly I know a lot of people who have
gone in hoping to have lips like mine
the first time they come out they have
great lips and then like a few weeks to
a few months later it's completely
dissolved the cool thing about
hyaluronic acid is it does build up over
time and stay longer over time so in the
beginning when you don't know exactly
what you want or exactly how it's gonna
look in your lips it's actually kind of
nice that it's like a grace period for
you to try new things then once you find
your preferred shape and size the look
actually starts to stick for longer than
the six months that it's originally
supposed to like I said I only have to
get mine injected once a year and it's
only four little touch-ups in certain
areas so whether you agree with my
aesthetic proportions and what I want
from my looks whether you think it looks
good or not or whether you would ever do
it for yourself I hope you enjoyed this
video thanks for watching so we decided
to take Eve with us because Jay wants to
walk her while he waits for me she's so
cute my little Phi D aren't you aren't
you
look at that backseat kitty are you in
the backseat you just chill why are you
not wearing a seatbelt she's just
sitting in the backseat
god I'm so shaky today what is this I
apologize
assuming you sound floor too usually
logic would dictate that everything that
is - something is on the second floor
well trying to do things through the
viewfinder is harder than you would
think right there
it's telling me to jump up wow this is
the most elaborate kill yourself I've
ever seen we're here guys wow this is
really cool
alright I'm waiting for the duck look at
look at this it's just a cactus how do i
zoom in I don't know I'm good yeah this
way it's just a cactus it's just a
cactus they took my blood pressure and
did the temperature thing across my
forehead to which I've never had done
before injections and stuff so I like
how thorough they are so far and the
place is really nice here's my Botox
over here you're doing the far corner of
my forehead up there yeah you can overdo
it we will get a really sharp peak and
you almost look sinister mmm I coming
out way over here kind of softens edges
don't reveal my sinister this I'm gonna
read a couple of doses why I'm doing
this
is that how much you injected in each
area yeah so I did I think was about 38
units on you
that's like conservative ish right yeah
it is kind of the traditional average
amount would be 25 just through here
which I did probably about that because
we had what four times four 16 plus
another six 22 yeah you did 22 right
through there so I'm a tiny bit under on
the sort of average dose through your
glabella which is right between your
eyebrows cool your head you should reach
the bruising there so I use a little bit
different technique than you probably
had in the past
because I use that in micro cannula it's
on you about yeah it slides through the
skin so I just make a little poke all
each out here and here and I'll slide up
through here and up through here it
doesn't hurt too much except alright
it's like it appears a little tender but
you'll find that it's a little bit less
painful on the shot shot shot-shot-shot
so you're staying in like one hole the
entire time but going like different
places where but it's going through like
my cheek ish area oh yeah
so you don't have to like sterilize my
lips with the alcohol swab okay well
just to get up through here more if I
can't sometimes the needle won't slide
up past this spot very well
two disciples cause this is really cold
gotta take this off for a bit cool it's
like giving me brain freeze
pressure looks Reagan
you know Kay oh that's pretty painful
better than the other way I don't know
that's painful let's remain cool almost
no matter what cake little injection
through here a little bit essentially
now does it have the lidocaine in it
mm-hmm okay good oh now I'm gonna mainly
go for your tubercle here with that
center spot
Oh
you're making me cry doc I'm sorry
you're still gonna be more on this side
compare that side you still look
under-filled on this side don't you oh
yeah yeah a little bit if we're just
talking about the the P come this side
yeah why does it look like like the
bottom line goes down farther on this
side than this side yeah I got says no I
think that's I'm saying it looks even
down here it looks overfilled through
here yeah damn through there this side
is thinner both top and bottom yeah I
want to make sure that it doesn't get
too tubular though yeah like a little
bit flattened out that's what I prefer
closer top looks bitter well I'm still a
little bit off pretty lips again looks
pretty even on the sides of the lips I
mean the top from side to side yeah I'm
tempted not even almost do anything on
this side of the mouth you're starting
to look more symmetric with the
exception of I think I would do a little
bit essentially right through here yeah
leave off here and maybe then do a
little more essentially right through
there I think you could do a teeny bit
more to get that pose is there anything
to be done for like the fact that this
overpowers the top lip oh no I think
we'll be chasing ourselves in a circle
if we do that okay I want that one ratio
that is like yeah I mean some of it
you're gonna if we try to make
everything perfectly symmetric in a
circle you know you're gonna chase stuff
and you might get a volume you don't
like gonna look you don't like and you
wanted to avoid the tubular look yeah it
can be a process you know we might have
to just like I said some of this is
gonna be just letting some of the stuff
out here kind of dissolve on its own
over time again do you think it will
it's been over a year since I've gotten
my life objections it will I think you
just have to have a large volume last
time it will start going you're right at
the point where it'll start going away
Oh
ah
it's just a bump here
oh okay you go for that little central
spot
all I'm going to do now I think I like
him which we have here I'm going to do a
teeny bit more right through here on
this side and a teeny bit more right
listen up coming on this side
you just do a teeny bit more through
this area right there okay we'll just
thankfully not a little bit yeah
do you recommend that do you recommend
that I massage it at all laughing or
just leave it alone god I'm really
nervous out the eyes pies are gonna be
easiest telling all this that's your way
harder just cuz I thought you had done
you know heard about less that's for
sure
that's good
pretty good have you come back in we
ever do lips again though I should have
you start icing like 10 minutes before
it'll help a little bit more than today
because all the topical stuff it really
only gets rid of that one little poke
hole because that's the only topical
pain we have and that will probably
almost didn't hurt at all it really is
just the sliding it through it's the
deep tissue feel Olli cab with it yeah
yeah with my other surgeon it made more
sense to put the dermal stuff on because
he would go in all the places you know
but yeah I agree I definitely didn't
help with the inter honestly I feel like
it was a little bit more pain okay but
um I felt like the the cracking of you
having to go through my skin more yeah
so I feel like maybe you just placed it
differently or maybe even more properly
yeah I once had like um like a little
see-through bubble like right here and I
don't know if you can see but I have a
few and I feel like that's getting too
close to the mmhmm the surface why do
you poke like once and before going in
because the needle won't make it through
the skin all right it's dull yeah this
one's the sharp needle and then the
other ones just door wouldn't go
anywhere ever just push on the surface
okay and that makes sense so we made
this is technically we call it a port
site to make it a little warp site with
a needle and then sliding the blunt tip
can't go through okay
would you know
so a lot less painful it slides a lot
better through this tissue and it does
the lips I'm gonna drop back don't see
him blood you can see that do you see
that trough are trying to disappear yeah
you only have to aspirate once mm-hmm
just where your tip is so that you
didn't cannulate the syringe you
wouldn't be able to aspirate as you draw
back and I'm aspirating up through here
- anytime I move in and start me
injecting misery to my aspirate and
what's the name of the stuff we're using
here the Bella Bella no I'm just
massaging it in this stuff does a really
good job at all the lumpy bumpy's it
kind of corrects itself you don't have
any but you did switch sides are we done
with that side yeah successful yeah this
was relatively painless yeah that's a
little better and then it pinches and
hurts for a little bit okay
is that it that's it yay that's what
easier isn't it yeah a lot easier I told
you that wasn't that wasn't the thing we
had to be nervous about
yeah you're not going to smooth this out
a little bit here
so try to avoid sleeping on your face
tonight if you can okay what happens if
I sleep on my face it just made this so
for the first couple days that Jill you
push on it like you can displace a
little bit just like I was right there
it's kind of my grade then I was molding
it into trough a little bit better over
time it quits be able to do that as
easily up the first couple days is the
most important try to avoid it I seen
everything 15 minutes on for two minutes
off with something in between for the
next hour or two all right mr. chip
you're using a jug you're tough thanks
you two you want you want to tell me
tell me about your practice and all that
we do a little bit everything here
what's your social media all right I'll
put it down in the description thank you
so much for letting me film again Novell
good day okay I just left the doctor's
office and oh my god the under eye
injections as risky and scary as it felt
it wasn't anything and I know I was
being just over cautious but I really
like him his first time meeting this
plastic surgeon and he seems very
thorough very conscientious of my
desires and aesthetics so I'm happy we
just have to see how I feel about the
Botox cuz he did do like I've never had
my actual four had done before or my
crow's feet I wanted my crow's feet done
but I was like whatever I'm not gonna
pay more money for it but since he paid
like you buy her syringe or whatever it
just makes sense to use it up rather
than not use it and he helped with the
symmetry of my lips a lot like it's a
lot more symmetrical than it was once
everything died down instead
I will show you an after and a couple
days
what are you doing Eve
cutie so cute
I love you guys so much thanks for
watching and in doing this with me and I
hope you guys enjoyed the little Eve
snippets here and there if you have any
questions at all again I'm an open book
and I'm full of transparency I am like
fucking Casper the ghost of transparency
so if you have anything you want to ask
me anything at all I'm willing to answer
and I read most of the comments I am the
shoe Jin Academy on Taco Mickey sluts
boobies
you guys should play persona 5 it's
really good
