I got a letter oh it's from Jason so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to this video so I got a letter from one
of my viewers it was really long and it
had a lot of points and I really wanted
to touch on so instead of actually
leaving in the fnm video which is up
right now at the exact same time I'm
posting two videos at once I wanted to
keep it separate and actually delve
deeper into it and make it maybe a
longer video I didn't want to have to
speed up his letter or cut parts out and
lose part of his message I wanted to
actually have like a cool viewer debate
I think this is a very interesting idea
I didn't really feel like it fit with
the message of Friday night mail so
Jason and everyone else is watching I
hope you enjoy this Q to the part where
I open his letter and start reading it I
would be asked to look at his message
and my arguments with an open mind and
keep the discussion going in the
comments because my comment section is
always open
enjoy dear Tara I would like to start by
saying how glad I am that you enjoyed
the writing I spent a couple weeks ago
helping change people's perception is
something very important to me it is so
easy to stay with the status quo and not
develop ones understanding however I
would like the opportunity to reply to a
statement you made during SNM question
for Evan M what is your opinion on black
seats for costumes what is your opinion
on racial slurs like the n-word
I feel like black people these days who
are extremely personally offended by
this are ridiculous I know I'm going to
get a lot of hate on I know people are
going to call me racist but your
great-great-grandparents for the people
who were affected by this it is
ridiculous to be offended especially
knowing that you have the option to not
be offended by something like that
especially taken out of context if
someone is reading Huckleberry Finn and
they see the word nigger because nigger
is in the fucking book and you get
offended by that you're an idiot if you
allow someone to get your goat who wants
to make you mad because they're using
slurs that you rather than just walking
away and writing them off as assholes
and moving on with your lives you're an
idiot
wow that leaf blower outside is annoying
let me go shut the door real quick
anyway it's the same principle of
someone trying to say that I'm ugly or
that I look old because I think that's
what's going to personally offend me the
most and it may actually allowing that
to offend me that would be absolutely
retarded get a grip on your emotions
think logically and realize that you
were never personally affected by this
then you still having that sensitivity
just keeps the racial divide alive and
strong you guys should watch amazing
atheists recent video on race because
this is something I've always thought
about race culture creed ethnicity
nationality why are you taking pride in
things that are not your own personal
individuality I've always thought this
so I'm not trying to like rip from his
content I'm going to post in the
description if you guys want to watch
that video because he's much more
eloquently spoken than I am but if all
you have going for you is your race or
some other label that you can't even
control you're a pretty fucking vacuous
empty person to begin with oh and the
people have been mad that some kid wants
to put on blackface so that he can cause
play his favorite football players
favorite rapper he looks up to and you
chastise him and his family for that
that's fucking ridiculous context
matters intense matters and if they
don't mean to offend don't take offense
if they mean to offend fuck of their
asshole it's just a fucking word niggers
is not in my vernacular but things like
faggot and retard are and occasionally
nigga and I don't see anything fucking
wrong with that and you can feel free to
take offense to whatever you want but
remember offensive taken is not given
and if I or someone else say it as a
joke or because they're reading someone
else saying it and you take offense I'm
going to feel free to think you're an
idiot you stated that the n-word should
no longer us like this generation and
there should be no offense taken by it
because we are no longer currently being
discriminated as our ancestors were
during their time first I would like to
begin by saying this everything I am and
every attorney given to me is directly
from the actions taken by my ancestors
the struggle they endured and overcame
has led to the creation of Who I am and
what I am able to accomplish I honor
them by striving to be the best version
of myself and taking advantage of all
the things that were not possible in
their time I also persist in the fight
for these principles for those who come
after me I remember you telling a story
of a group of black girls that harassed
you the major life difficult these girls
did so because it was perceived threat
you posed to them what are warranted or
not the way you were treated is a
reflection of how your peers saw you
luckily for you they were only your
peers
what are these people were your teacher
your elected official your local law
enforcement and that have a community of
people who have control over what you
learn how you learn or future
opportunities this was my world growing
up the people who were put in place to
help
had an inherent idea that I was inferior
where did this originate people see
words with that just words but there's
so much more a word
symbol and symbols are given power by
people one of the most famous
philosophical quotes says I think
therefore I am words create thinking
thinking creates perception and
perception often leads to action this
reality is usually pursued without
understanding the true power and words
comes from this concept and
understanding this is so important in
creating and maintaining connections to
your fellow man Terry you are one of my
favorite youtubers because of an ability
to connect with your audience on a
personal level like I stated in previous
letters the connection established with
your listeners is amazing i watch your
blogs because of this connection and it
has allowed me to see a small part of
the world as viewed by you because of
this I have grown to have a lot of
respect for you unfortunately I don't
think it's mutual why I guess we'll get
to that yes I don't get offended by some
random person calling me the n-word but
anyone who feels comfortable using it so
whimsically clearly does not have any
respect for me the power of the word
carries brings up emotions driven by the
circumstances that created it the word
sympathy is Greek it means to suffer if
you have never suffered with someone it
is nearly impossible to understand their
struggle respect is not indifference it
is the understanding of another
situation and to show sympathy toward it
because of these practices deeply
embedded in its infrastructure it is not
until we seek them out and eliminate
them that we can move forward this will
destroy the words power which was
created by the people and there will be
no need to take offense and people can
understand in lieu of being ignorant you
have stated in so many videos how much
you love your viewers are you okay using
a word freely that pulls people back
into memories of pain every time it is
used just because from your experiences
they should be over it I would not
matter offended by hearing the words you
uttered there's only one word I can use
to express how I felt disappointed all
right before I go on to the PostScript I
want to reply to you first of all I very
much appreciate your letter and your
ability to be so open with me on
something that you feel disappointed or
hurt by and while I do believe you can
use words to evoke emotion or that words
can be very powerful when put together
with certain intent
using the word nigger without the intent
to harm should be the same as if I shy
away from that word because I don't mean
to harm you I think it's a little
short-sighted that all you see is your
own personal perspective I don't believe
that we should ever censor anyone for
any reason on any opinion if you believe
that I'm personally attacking you or
don't respect you by using one word when
I told you my meaning behind it and the
reason I don't think that any word
should ever offend anyone you should
never give anyone that kind of power
over you especially when they mean
nothing to you or in my case when they
mean something to you but they meant it
with good intent orally it's not
offensive intent I think you need to
look past your anecdote and you need to
realize that you never actually suffered
from slavery the time when the word
actually literally meant you had no
right when the word went along with
physical pain as well as emotional
torture it's not a thing anymore it's
not prevalent anymore
you have your equal rights and even
though you might not have had equal
outcome you've had equal opportunity I'm
sorry as I've offended you I'm going to
stick to my laurels on this one and if
you feel like you don't want to support
me anymore and this goes for anyone else
I love you and I respect you but I just
hope the respect that I'm not going to
budge on my freedom to say whatever word
I choose and my ability to not take
offense the thing especially word it's
always going to be sticks and stones to
me and if you think at all that I use
that word in particular to offend you or
any other African American person black
person I find that ridiculous absolutely
the only way we can get past things and
make words not affect us is if we choose
not to let them affect us normalize them
and make the world see that we're in a
totally different situation not back in
the slave days I'm not saying the word
nigger can't agonize you I'm not saying
it to hurt your feelings I'm not saying
to show that I disrespect you or
obviously in any way like I'm like ah
call me mad because people of my race
back in the day used to marginalize and
treat you like shit so can't you give me
the respect that I give everyone else to
allow me my freedom of speech and for
you to take that in and understand my
intentions and nuan's without taking
offense to it I feel like it's a little
grandiose and a little emo to say that I
don't respect you and you would
specifically someone who I didn't know
had this sensitivity just because I
happen to follow a different philosophy
on words and history than you he ends it
by saying Jason PS I still love you tear
it will take a lot more than you saying
nigger to run me away maybe one day I
can earn your respect through our
correspondence I'm sorry that you feel
the humanly like there's no possible way
I can respect you just by saying that
word but I find it kind of interesting
that you say the n-word throughout this
and then at the end you actually say
nigger yourself so are you disrespecting
yourself or others just because you use
the word in reference can be using the
word in reference to someone else using
the word no one can ever possibly know
your personal struggle so to take
everything that someone says as
attack directly at you unless it
literally is an attack directly at you
not meant to be a joke not meant to be
something with other nuan come on you
can't do that as a logical thinking
being and you're so well-spoken I can't
even imagine why this would be an issue
to you I feel like it's some kind of
personal struggle that you can't be
putting on other people what is my
struggle is the word bread because once
I was almost choked to death by my
mother stuffing bread in my mouth or
something I know that sounds ridiculous
and I'm not trying to trivialize
anything that any black person has gone
through but I'm not going to expect the
rest of the world to keep right away
from me without even knowing me and I'm
not going to take it as a personal
attack if someone puts bread on my plate
and if I want to say something and
express myself using bread but I know it
might offend a few people I'm going to
do it I'm going to hope that they
understand my intentions and respect my
freedom of speech PPS I watched your
video you posted about race while I
agree with what he said at the end he is
clearly an example of someone who does
not understand the problem
he is stuck in the now and gives no
regards to the wire the how one cannot
find a solution if he or she does not
first understand the problem and the
last thing I'll say about that as well
as good to not forget about our history
and where we've come from and not make
the same mistake holding on to some
hereditary emotional struggle instead of
just finding ways to show that you're
equal like being so well-spoken and
possibly a little bit more open-minded
on the topic and I know it's kind of
funny telling you to be more open-minded
on the topic when you've suffered some
kind of prejudice in the past but
everyone has in some way or another and
I'm sure I've been bullied more for the
fact that I'm a woman in gaming and
other random things about me being a
slut or something then you ever have
about your race this is the land of
equal opportunity now but it is not the
land of equal outcome you have to make
your own outcome and you have to work
for it and you have to understand that
whatever makes you unique people are
probably going to harp on that because
they're either jealous or ignorant why
would you let an ignorant unintelligent
person as intelligent as you are ever
evoke any kind of emotional negative
reaction why why like if you regard me
as a fellow intellectual or someone you
respect and I actually go out of my way
to try to hurt you why would you ever
put any stock in that fuck me then right
and not in the fun way although in the
fun way I hope all this makes sense and
I hope you do understand that it from my
perspective I do respect you I respect
you out to have this conversation with
you rather than just ignore you and
write you off as someone who doesn't
have the mental capacity to have a car
station with me and now that I've
decided to make this a whole video in
itself I hope you do know that I take
this issue seriously and I don't want to
offend anyone that's not my intention
but if it happens to be the byproduct of
something that I truly believe in the
normalizing of bad words like faggot
nigger even Contin some places was like
super bad midgets all of these things
that people use in jest or they use with
different meanings to the word should
not be inherently harmful and acting as
though a word is something that can be
the most harmful thing to you in the
entire world you had bad things happen
to you in your life why are you holding
on to a word that sure might remind you
of it and I'm sorry did that happen to
you but I'm not the person who did that
to you I would never do that to you and
if you do respect me you should know
that that's very clear you can't respect
someone who would actually be prejudiced
against you right for no reason anyway I
hope you appreciate this video and I
hope we can have an open conversation I
would rather instead of me making videos
about it I would rather we keep it in
the email like I said before or even in
the comment section here I'm not saying
that it has to be something that's
private I would rather have this
conversation be open and vocal and have
other people chime in and that's one
thing I love about freedom of speech the
fact that anyone can say anything and I
can take it in analyze it and either add
it to my argument as an addendum or
throw it out because I still believe
it's wrong and honestly the more I keep
an open mind and read other opposing
arguments the more in just solidifies
how I feel and I know that all of my
philosophical arguments and ideas work
for me I would ever suppress your right
to freedom of speech and even though we
disagree on this topic I hope we can
continue to have an open conversation
thank you so much Jason I really
appreciate it
I'm sorry I didn't include this an mm I
just thought it was kind of off topic
and long and it was something that I
actually wanted to delve into rather
than just being like oh of course I
respect you and just like throwing it to
the wayside and - everyone else is
watching this video please post your
comments and your ideas I would love to
hear them and I'm sure Jason would to
like your video subscribe to the channel
and check out the two videos on the
right if you're interested oh and if
you're watching this video there's a
whole S&M video this is an excerpt I
just took from the unboxing because it
was one of the letters that I got
hopefully that clears up any confusion
although I think Jason for keeping the
conversation open sending me this letter
allowing me to read it out loud
being such a cool dude and calling me
all my shit when he feels like there is
shit to call me on instead of being too
afraid to do so or speak your mind as
much as I don't agree with some of this
point there's nothing
more than yes men who have no
personalities
