oh girl I kind of wish these were
actually a song that would be pretty hot
wouldn't it starting to get headache
again got pain or even OH
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new episode of Friday I
mail oh my god
this week it's actually going to be on
time or at least almost exactly on time
we shall see the first thing we're going
to do is we're going to talk about who
won the giveaway and I have to actually
you know look because I always forget
I'm terrible names I'm sorry I'm sorry I
forgot your name Kevin see
congratulations Kevin see Kevin see you
still needed check your email and get
back to me I don't know what he wants
yet but as soon as I tells me I will get
it to him immediately unless it's one of
my Merck shirts in which case they have
to send it to me and then I send it out
to him so it's not going to be as
immediate as I would like sorry about
that
if you guys wanna sign up for the
giveaway I really give away every single
week for anyone who wants to join the
only stipulation is that people who
support me on more places like twitch or
patreon they get more entries thank you
guys you guys are everything to me
speaking of patreon after I get done
with this I'm going to do something sexy
for the in between fanservice Friday
this week moving on let's take your
questions as always every single week I
take in between 1 to 3 questions from
you guys from the week before is S&M
comment section so if you want to ask me
anything anything at all I will probably
be ok with answering it this week's
questions that I chose from you lovely
motherfuckers are the first one Brandon
Beamish asks Tara as the foremost expert
on the matters of titties I seek an
answer to the most prudent question
nipple piercings are they hot or not in
your opinion I definitely think nipple
piercings on men and women are hot the
only time they're not hot is if they do
happen to get infected or they happen to
be really heavy piercings that pull down
the nipple or make them look bigger or
weird or anything like that that's gross
and that's something that I would be
concerned about if I wanted to get my
nipples pierced stuff thought about it
before definitely thought about it
before kind of wanted to do it but then
I realized I liked my nipple the way
they are and I don't want to risk it I
don't want to risk another nose
infection debacle like my nose ring
because I was fucking awful I've scar
tissue there forever and it makes my
nostrils lopsided
I'm actually gonna have to correct his
plastic surgery butts no doubt never
going to be perfect
aside from that if you want to get some
kind of piercing don't be afraid to do
so I have so many good experiences with
piercings never had a problem with three
holes on each year the tongue ring the
clitoral hood piercing and I did have a
problem with the bellybutton piercing
but that was my fault
and I didn't have to get the hole for my
lip piercing surgically clothes but my
advice is as much as you want it right
now you might not want it later make
sure that you won't mind having a hole
or a scar there and avoid the face
unless you know that something you
really want mauvais on I kind of got off
tangent I'm sorry Logan Garcia asks love
you Logan
question one is it too early to get in a
relationship again I actually think I
might have found the one but I'm afraid
it is just a rebound what should I do
and what would you do in this situation
thanks for reading and answering your
the best no you are oh my god okay Logan
you just met this person I don't think
you should think that there's a one and
I feel like that inkling in itself is
going to set you up for failure it is
completely fine to get in a relationship
when you just got out of a relationship
for the rebound right away if that makes
you feel better and if you're completely
honest with your partner that that's
what it is or what it could be but to
lie to yourself or to lie to a person
that oh my god we're going to be
together forever I so totally found the
one just because they're better than the
person that I had before and I'm lonely
that's disingenuous to yourself and to
your partner if you can't get into a
relationship knowing that it's just
going to be a little bit of fun for a
little while or you feel like you're not
emotionally stable enough to get into a
relationship yet don't do it you'll save
yourself and the person a lot of
heartache but if your hair like me and
you're more logical and rational and
you're like you know I'm lonely I can't
stop thinking about my ex it would be
really cool to have a distraction right
now and you can handle that and be
honest with the person I'd say go for it
no harm no foul as long as you're honest
hope that helped and the last question
we have because yes we do have three
questions again this week August in
Witten says Tara you're so amazing I
love your energy and your unapologetic
nature question if you ever considered
dyeing your hair of copper red I love
you blonde regardless and you could pull
off any hair color but I would love
copper on you again love you in your
content
Brittany thanks for any I like copper
red so much and I
that from me really adoring misty from
Pokemon when I was younger when I dyed
my hair red and it turned out like a
dark red a natural-looking red or a more
natural-looking right I guess because
you can't have natural copper hair it's
just like so rare I wanted it to be
copper I wanted to be able to cosplay as
misty and as a few other girls from
other animes but I ended up with this
dark red hair that was really hard to
get out of my hair and go back to blonde
and it ended up ruining my hair more
than I wanted it to because I definitely
didn't want to go that dark so I regret
that but here are some pictures thinking
of me with the red hair I know a lot of
you guys like it want it to come back
but if I were to ever do that again it
would be a copper orangie red just like
misty from Pokemon and it would be a
light light copper red to come out of my
hair easily and I could be blonde again
blonde is and will forever be my
favorite hair color especially platinum
blonde I actually don't like natural
blonde I think it's kind of ugly
I don't like highlights and like any of
that shit just button blond white blonde
it's just so me and there's nothing else
that could be more me than that I was
born a platinum blonde and as soon as I
started changing into a dirty blonde I
was like notebook that should get that
color out of my hair anyway that
concludes the question taking portion of
this we have a bunch of boxes and some
packages and I'm just really excited
about extra think there's going to be
some leggings in this shipment and I I'm
a lot of that leggings okay so this is
the first thing Jay and I were actually
feeling it trying to see if we could
decide what it is but I have no idea so
I don't know I says something about tea
on the bag but I don't know if it has
anything to do with tea oh is this one
of those see string okay this is one of
those see strings
I'll probably use this for one of my
fanservice Friday videos this is a
bikini bottom I used to have a lot of
these I think I still do I just don't
know where they are all this is for guys
what the hell there's a penis here this
is a Seastrand for dude okay so someone
either meant to send this to me as a
joke or they didn't realize that it was
for men because clearly I don't have a
fucking penis I mean I wish I did but I
don't
so yeah I'm going to see what J looks
like with it was a C string on thank you
whoever sent this to me maybe I can like
put it on myself and like stuff it with
stuff and then any of my patients who
have like a fetish for like chicks with
dicks or something maybe they can you
know get off on me
tending to have one but yeah so this
goes and stays in your ass and this
light kind of cradles your ball or chode
or you know taint area and it stays
there without having any straps very
cool invention I bought a few when I was
a full-time model have a few pictures in
them stairs one very good SID
thank you moving on we've got this we've
got this girder andum oh and as an
update for my my general malaise and how
it's gotten worse with dizziness and
stuff I went to the doctor I got a bunch
of blood work done and I'm going to do a
full oh there's a note cool
I'm going to do a full livestream or I
talked about that an answer questions
for you guys soon so I'm going to keep
this brief
basically there's nothing wrong with me
that they can see so far so they're
going to send me to a neurologist and
then a cardiologist we shall see
hopefully we find something right now
I'm just living off of advil and
anti-nausea medication they wanted to
give me something for sleeping but I
don't like psychoactive drugs so I said
no hi Tara I could not decide which of
the colors I like most so I got the
three that I like most enjoy from Calvin
oh thank you Calvin
oh oh shit these are the the onesies oh
my god I love you so much
yes we have to put them on we have to
put them on all these buttons are like
super button II all right all right one
moment one moment
don't look at my vagine don't don't look
at my vagine I'm not throwing on the wax
I never do because I never do don't look
at mazi all right all right machine is
covered I did it wrong wrong boom boom
this comes off and manually whoa I just
can't get enough of onesies I actually
wish this was read so that it matched
what I was wearing today because
obviously I went with the whole read
look oh my god yes yes one of these are
life dude like they fit so well and I'm
wearing like these thigh high socks
today so it all just goes very well
Thank You Calvin for all of the onesies
and apparently I'm getting more than one
of those I cannot wait until they arrive
ah I love wanting so much
favorite favorite ever favorite ever you
can see my evening necklace if you guys
didn't watch last week's F&M
hi Selina on Instagram she has an Etsy
store she makes amazing fucking pixel
art and I cannot get enough it's so
fucking good and for those of you asking
what I'm going to be uploading next the
next thing I'm going to be uploading is
my Smasher past video which is not going
to feature any subscribers but if you
guys are okay with the way that I rate
people in the first one I will do a
subscriber base one
next next I'm assuming this is another
one maybe I don't know what oh my god
hasn't gotta be from Donald oh no I just
okay so this looks like insured that
would never fit me so I don't know hi
Tara enjoy your awesome t-shirt keep up
the awesome work from Joe the guy that
gave me the binky I think and Joe I
don't know what's going on with this
shirt oh my god I just got it Oh got to
see what your shirt is this is just
absolutely retarded hold on it's a
fucking Batman shirt okay so let's ruin
this beautiful Vistage here of onesie
supremacy onesie supremacy it is a thing
now I've decided I'm going to try to
make myself as flat as possible
oh yeah
what is this Joe my nipples are too far
apart I've got a refund gap
Oh mr. Desalle areas you got me an extra
large do I hate you so much but also
love you so much this is definitely made
my day definitely
why are my nipples so far apart like
okay right there there we go we got the
nipples so where they should be kind of
kind of that's weird dude I need to get
my eyelashes redone I had an appointment
for 12 on Thursdays and then they told
me can you comment seven and I was like
no I can't come at 7 a.m. can you tell
me what other day I can come it around
12:00 and they were like can you come at
6:00 p.m. I'm like no and then the next
day they email me and they're like you
still have an appointment for 12:00 I'm
like what it was very confusing so now I
wait until next Thursday and it looks
like I'm not wearing any eyelashes
always in the viewfinder hopefully it
looks better not in the viewfinder but
yeah I'm gonna imagine I hide my hairy
chest there we go that's better looks
better now I'm hiding my hairy chest
Joe you're hilarious okay these are
clearly boot
so there's a pocket on the boot are
these like my new combat boots or
something it's got some new combat boots
this is what they look like very cool
hopefully they're not genuine leather so
genuine leather
I don't wear leather I don't buy leather
because I don't want to support leather
companies or companies that use any kind
of animal products but it's not one
centered to me I'm not going to throw it
away and not use it because that's like
equally as sad not equally obviously but
it's sad that you know someone killed an
animal for this product and now I have
it and I'm not going to use it I'll
definitely use them the please don't
send them to me because I don't like
them I also just don't like leather in
general I feel like it smells bad and
rubs a genuine leather let us see I
don't know why there's a pocket on the
outside but it's pretty cool oh oh
where's Vlad when you need them to take
a picture
nevermind glads here all right I'm gonna
I'm going to fucking take some Vlad Vlad
shows up here's the boots of those boots
look like on me there okay there's a
pocket here I don't know what pops open
yeah I might start wearing I don't know
I sometimes wish I had boots better who
sent it to me but I appreciate it let's
see oh okay I found it I found it I
can't show you guys this is from Reuben
CID Thank You Robin thede you might
actually make me wear something that I
don't usually wear it's outfit that I'm
wearing right now - the hairy man
nipples is actually kind of alright
alright we have two more packages that
are not boxes we will move on to boxes
what the fuck why I did not think it
would be this small this is so cute so
if you guys ever watched once again any
of the Studio Ghibli movies you have to
Kiki's Delivery Service is one of my
favorite my favorite is Princess
Mononoke and again please post in the
comments what your favorite is and if
you haven't watched any watch them then
come report back I read most of the
comments on most of my videos from your
favorite couple Mooney and sherry oh
thank you guys you know this is squeeze
I love you so much thank you for support
on Twitch I hope you guys watch studio
ghibli videos together movies not videos
why do I say videos if they're like a
youtuber Miyazaki the most famous
Japanese youtuber No
that's not how it is oh so cute so
fucking cute needles it's not like
overheating this is like really jammed
pack I'm sorry guys are my man nipples
getting in your way
hi Derek and I decided what do the
colors are liked most so I got the three
I liked most enjoy from Kevin OH once
again and I took Kevin I mean Kelvin
I've got Calvin C on the brain because
Calvin see is ghosting me and not
telling me what does what he wants after
winning the giveaway like what the hell
Calvin you are wonderful we've got light
pink hot pink and dark blue this is like
a royal blue I like all of them thank
you these are also never have enough
onesies especially sexy onesies I like
the more flowy non tight onesies though
because long-term calls play want these
like I have a ninja turtle one where I'm
Raphael and I have the Batman lon the
diesels are so much sexier all right all
right we got it we got to put them on we
got to put them on looks so weird in the
viewfinder I don't know like the
maintenance came and they switched all
of our light bulbs out to like
energy-efficient ones and now I have
lights up here so I feel like that might
actually be supporting my ability to
look hot which is not cool looking not
hot is not cool which is ironic let's go
ahead and get a new it again oh I can't
even like you this quickly
don't look at my vagina it's misshapen
and hairy it's not true it's not true at
all yeah
do not hold me to that uh-huh my hair is
not ready for non hats so we're going to
put hats back on Thank You Calvin you
are a bad okay and realize we still had
this why didn't have we box when I still
had an on box is from I can't remember
what products where I got this exact
same piece of paper but I don't know yo
she's a goddaughter Yoshi there
I think Aaron's Keith sent me this so
thank you Keith I'm pretty sure someone
told me they didn't write it down again
fuck it is not cheese then take the
praise from Keith and tell me who it is
and I will praise you just as equally if
not ten times more creepily in the next
video I'm sorry I forgotten subsuming
but I know someone told me was it derpy
it wasn't Derby
it was Kevin I was definitely Kevin why
am I saying Kevin again I'm like
obsessed with Kevin key you heard it
here first if you win my giveaway you
get me being obsessed with you for the
rest of your life which you probably
don't want but initially it will be kind
of cool because in all the sucky sucky
and shit but I'm a psychotic bitch
anyway yes Yoshi's egg where - tickets
other than up my ass we have another
addition to the fucking magnificence
that is my lovely Nintendo chair ha I
love these curls I feel like I'm
culturally appropriating some black
people or something by having these
curls but I just love them so much
oh yo it's all guys winter on this idea
that Chi thing is dude I'm just like so
into one of these man why are these
we've got a big-ass book it looks like
this from Sean Bichon B is my number one
you better than Kevin Kevin doesn't even
respond to my emails why am I giving
Kevin the time of day a row
the Encyclopedia of serial killers haha
a study of the chewing criminal
phenomenon from the Angels of Death to
the Zodiac killer and there's pictures
wicked John Brown might need totally
means but this is really fucking cool
and appendix of solo pillars which is
what I would be because I don't have no
bitches as a misanthrope I would be a
solo killer I don't know how to be a
spree killer though like of my upstairs
neighbors again joke have to say that
just in case you know something happens
to them if there's anything I want to
put on my coffee table if I ever do have
a coffee table it is something like this
ellaby Shawn rah you are the fucking
best and once again you manage to find
something extremely personal that I
would extremely like your gift-giving
ability is like someone should pay you
to give gift
I went to my box blocks of this thing
second - laughs figure out what's in it
and before we get into this guys I just
want to let you know that I love you so
fucking much that they're so wonderful
and I've been so supportive of me I just
can't get enough I just can't get I just
can't get enough I heard you were a big
fan of mine so I wanted to get you
something nice and just know that all my
hard work and effort in taking over the
world I did it all for you well the
adults oh my god the rise and fall of
the Third Reich this is not from a off
because the Adolf wouldn't have the fall
but dude thank you this is actually
really awesome I'm fucking here with in
this book how small is the print okay
the prints lot of smalls I thought it
would be but what the fuck like who
wrote this is so cute which actually
have mine comes by the way I don't know
where it is that you to Blair or maybe
on my bookshelves over there but I never
actually read it because let's face it
when I have downtime I'm usually playing
games not reading books but if I ever do
read a book especially on an airplane so
this would be quite hilarious either
this or mine comes for sure Thank You
Adolf aka Donald obviously and that is
not a political statement against our
fucking President or the Fuhrer I love
you guys a sense of humor thank you for
the book I actually do enjoy it it's
much better right now at least on a
power saw even though it's almost the
weight of a fucking power saw but let's
move on to our last box our very last
box okay inside the box is a smaller box
but we have a note from derpy which I'm
very excited to read I never thought
much about letter openers but since
getting one for myself in a looot anime
box I now love them and think they are
super useful because every time you use
it you will remember that samurai is
best faction fuck you derpy Vikings all
the way this is actually really cool oh
my god it is a stainless steel made in
China letter opener in the shape of a
katana how fucking awesome is that why
won't you go in I wish I had a letter to
open us with or I wish had a letter to
open with this
whoa come what I put this and shit what
okay what I don't get it
I can't figure out how the standard
works later I'm probably going to have
day two it should be honest but the
katana is fucking cool honestly I wish
it was a battle axe some kind of Viking
paraphernalia but I appreciate it there
for you you and Obi and all the others
who say the fucking samurais the best
faction can stick it up their asses not
true oh I don't know okay so like that
girl cuz you know it's going to be out
actually kind of shirt looks wolf kill
some more we got to kill some with it
alright so pretend that this is not yet
opened and I'm just like ah wow that's
actually pretty sharp you see that that
like was really easy to do is also given
the heebie-jeebies because it like made
that chalk on nails cardboard keyboard
vagina chalkboard thing happened which
was love you don't know how hard it is
for me to get my nails I've been trying
to get over that sound and making me
cringe and I can as I'm focusing all my
mental acuity on it I hope you guys like
the video enjoyed and you know subscribe
and like it actually with the little
thumbs up if you did I appreciate it
thank you so much for watching and I
hope you guys have a wonderful fucking
weekend I will be on either tomorrow or
the next day to do like a livestream
it's not been then maybe in a few days
after that I want to kind of space out
my uploads from the live streams on
YouTube and once you live through me
live stream on YouTube
I've almost every day on twitch twitch
on TV last year about Cox's boy come
watch me play video games right now I'm
playing either for honor or blent or
Skyrim depends on what I'm feeling I'm
also playing Yoshi's new island on my
3ds and soon I will be starting a let's
play of snake eater which is middle of
your soul of three but I'm doing it on
the three yes so it's going to be
interesting possibly horrible but that's
my favorite Metal Gear Solid so you are
wonderful you are everything to me and
because of this I shall show you some
more of me in a onesie before I go what
hi oh that's a joke you know I'm not a
fan of the Nazi Party in a fetishizing
sense yes but as a political statement
no and yeah whatever just let's stop
digging myself a grave here a political
grave do-do-do-do-do-do oh girl I kind
of wish these were actually a song that
would be pretty hot wouldn't it bye guys
clean up clean up is a pain India
someone completeness a poll me clean up
it is a little look
