I knew there was a reason the Wall
Street Journal is an anagram for su W so
who cares why not do your own thing and
let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to the video I wasn't planning
on making I don't usually like okay
there's a fucking hair hey guys and
welcome to a new video today we're going
to cover something that I did not think
I'd be making a video on despite a lot
of you guys asking me to do a video in
support of too deep I I just don't
usually like to piggyback off of big
youtubers names and my titles or current
events and things like that let's face
it no matter how much you have to add to
the conversation or no matter how much
you actually care about PewDiePie part
of the reason that you're doing this is
the possibility of getting new subs to
come and join your channel myself
included there's nothing inherently
wrong with that in my opinion I just
prefer to keep my channel based on my
own merit anyway last night I remembered
an anecdotal story from my modeling days
that was so relevant I couldn't not make
this video this video is going to be
part of my opinions on the pewdiepie
issue part my anecdotal story and part
my ideologies about the separation of
entertainment media art jokes and
reality the latter I won't touch on too
much because I actually have notes
written up already for a whole video on
my opinions on censorship which will be
coming soon so stay tuned so moving on
for those of you who don't know what has
happened with PD Pi in the last couple
weeks I'm going to touch on it briefly
but I'm also going to be posting in the
description a bunch of youtubers who
covered the fact-based portions of this
topic so much better than I did and I'll
also have PE sides response as well so
the street journal wall calling it that
because all they are is a bunch of
fucking SJW published a hit piece on
treaty by calling him an anti-semitic
nazis yes like a literal Nazi I call
this a hit piece because it was so
blatantly taking his jokes out of
context just to hurt him and the
interview they so desperately need
because they are a dying portion of our
media YouTube is the future and print
articles and newspapers are dying this
is basically just a fact but I can't be
arts to get the receipts together so
once again description there will be a
lot of people covering all of this so
the backlash for this was PG 5 MC n
which is Disney your MC n is your multi
channel network like the network you
partner with of the youtuber well they
decided to drop him and YouTube decided
to cancel his second season as YouTube
read series just because of this fucking
article and there are actually many and
very credible in my opinion
you see theories about the fact that
YouTube might have actually been
involved with this because they're
basically just sick of backing him so
heavily when they're trying to move away
from the non PC content and PewDiePie
doesn't give a shit to be PC again if
you want more info on the conspiracy
theories and shit videos in the
description now I'll have some big
mainstream companies like YouTube and
Disney dropping and because of the
scandal as much as the scandal is
bullshit well it makes sense
personally I've abandon the notion of
being supported by a big mainstream
company long long ago because my content
non family-friendly anti PC and anti
bullshit big companies as fucking
faggoty as the world works today need to
worry about advertisers and what
advertisers think honestly it does suck
for PewDiePie and anyone else who wants
to be real with their content but that's
just the reality of our industry shit I
lost those fully clothed from here up
modeling job with a big pizza company in
New York because I had a tattoo on my
foot they and I quote didn't want to
work with the type of person who would
get a tattoo and then four years ago
when I was partnering with which they
had to go through all of my overlays all
of my splash screens my background the
way I dressed the way I act and changed
so many things so that they could
partner me to be more advertiser
friendly for them so moving on do I
think pew does not see our anti-semite
of course I fucking don't and no one
else who watches YouTube does either not
even the people who hate him because
well there's simply no evidence that he
is I mean for fuck's sake where the
clips that they contorted to fit their
narrative was actually him pointing out
that the media takes everything out of
context that's how fucking retarded it
was so I think it's pretty obvious
especially if you're not new here to the
channel what my opinion is on this it's
absolute and utter bullshit but let's go
ahead and move on to my very very very
similar story it's story time so a lot
of you guys might not know that I used
to work as a full time glamour model I
did this from the age of 18 to the age
of like 23 or something like that a
glamour model is a model who works for
men's magazines lingerie catalogs
basically just sells products or brings
people in based on their physical beauty
and not like facial beauty but like
sexiness like curviness glamour balls
are usually shorter and curvier fake
boobs nice but more Fitness oriented
than the regular high fashion model or
runway model so I was 19 I went down to
California I had like 10 jobs lined up
for the strip and one of the jobs that I
took what some trade work with
that photographer called Alvarado
photography trademark is basically we're
on par and we want to expand our
portfolio so let's go ahead and work
together for fun no money involved and I
was still working on my portfolio at the
time so it kind of just made sense to
work with him we did some beach stuff we
did some milkshake stuff and no the
milkshake was not real and a bunch of
other themed issues like housewives but
this guy also had a bunch of really cool
paraphernalia and outfits and stuff from
the Nazi era and I thought that stuff
was just so intriguing that I really
wanted to shoot that as my last set just
for fun to see what I would look like as
a Nazi a sexy Nazi we shot it and I
absolutely loved the images not only
wasn't the most nude but it also had a
theme and it was just so good like my
Aryan ass made such a good fuckin evil
Nazi but I decided to post it on my
portfolio thinking of course at the
general public and people who wanted to
work with me would never have the anti
common sense to think that I was a Nazi
supporter just because I posed in these
photos holy fuck I was wrong there was
people that wouldn't work with me
anymore people were asking me how I
could ever be so insensitive and I
explained to them that in my opinion its
art and it's completely different from
how I feel my political views and
reality in general and then it's no
different than an actor playing Hitler
in a movie and people were like oh
that's different because in the movie it
was portrayed as a bad guy I honestly
fail to see the difference and I think
it would be perfectly fine for someone
to produce a movie from the Nazis point
of view and that is Nazis are sure like
man in the high castle make them very
likable at times and very just average
people in a bad situation and I honestly
didn't see the difference it's not like
the actor who's playing Hitler ever
speaks out and says yes I think hitler'd
a bad guy not sysm is not okay fascism
is not okay no one has to do that that's
like the default position to me this is
just common sense but clearly a common
sense is not common anymore I mean what
I really go out to say like now I'm not
a Nazi and then post that photo
it's a photo in my opinion was absolute
refusal proof that I was a Nazi how
stupid can people be like honestly like
okay maybe if you opened my personal
harddrive and found out that it was just
full of Nazi porn from my spank bank and
I was never honest about that still
fantasy separated from reality you would
actually have to go as far as to find
video footage of me hurting Jews or
saying that I support an autism which
hasn't been a thing for over
century at least and I didn't take this
picture off my portfolio until I found
something better that I wanted to
replace it with because fuck them I like
the picture I thought it showed my range
and my no bullshit attitude of models
and it filtered through all the idiot
FTW that I didn't want to work with
anyway
I'm actually surprised that no one's
done up these photos on their own and
tried to expose me because of this I
guess I'm just not relevant enough
anyway my personal beliefs and opinions
are as follows people are too fucking
sensitive these days and not have the
sense to separate realities political
beliefs ideologies from arts
entertainment joke and other forms of
media that are just part of free
expression and free speech when you
watch porn or when you watch regular
movies for that matter do you have to
agree with the message of every single
person in the movie in order to enjoy it
really why'd it have to identify with
every character right now are you really
not okay with killing someone in a video
game unless it's 100% justified does
that mean you're going to go out and
kill someone who deserves it in real
life No it honestly seems like a lot of
that shit is this virtue signaling from
people who want to inflate their
self-worth oh my god
I'm so much better than you because I
don't think this is okay how insensitive
of you I am the most sensitive person to
all of the world issues no one alive
today or at least no intention enough to
care is affected by the Nazi Party stop
acting like your ancestors pain or your
ancestors triumph affects you or has
anything to do with you at all I
honestly believe in normalizing these
things is not a problem it's actually
something that can bring us toward a
conclusion of all of the suck in the
prejudice racism and hate that we still
have in today's world based on holding
on to things from years years years ago
that didn't affect you so I watch this
documentary once for this ancestor of
the Nazi travelled over to the old
Jewish internment camp site to talk to a
bunch of Jews who were ancestors of the
people who were affected in the Nazi
regime and these fucking entitled world
Jewish kids were treating this guy like
shit and this guy was like vehemently
apologising for what his ancestors had
done to their ancestors it was just like
the most cringe II thing I've literally
ever watched like if anyone needed to be
gassed it was those entitled little
fucks I honestly prefer to gas people
based on their individual merits not
just as a whole race or religion joke
can play back to say that but anyway
feel free to watch the videos listed in
the description I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
if you did give it a like and subscribe
you can check out the two other videos
at the end screen here on the right and
please post in the comments whether you
agree or disagree with me with PewDiePie
with my images with his joke whatever
you have to say feel free to say in the
comment section the discussion is always
open on my channel
Oh Michael of the sgw PC retards I keep
the comment section open on all of my
videos and if you ever have anything to
say feel free to say it I am totally
fucking fine with dissent because I'm
secure in my own opinion beliefs and
myself so much that I'm not worried
about someone disagreeing with me let's
have a discussion I love you guys thank
you so much for watching I'll see you in
the next video white nails to remind
myself of when I'm white privilege I'm
so guilty through my ancestor did on the
Mayflower to those poor Indians I'm a
Native American
bye guys
