sex makes everything feel better it's
like a endorphin rush but then later the
feeling sick comes back so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want hey guys what's up this
is the video that I promised you
yesterday in the Friday night mail that
happened to be on Saturday I'm really
sorry about that I'm gonna explain to
you why I'm often sick I've done a video
like this before yeah but I feel like I
don't know if I've gotten more eloquent
in the way that I explain things or I'm
more in touch with my body but I now
feel like I can explain it better so
yesterday I woke up and I was super
excited this has nothing to do with me
feeling down for that week a few weeks
ago where I made that video about
forcing contact I was feeling great I
woke up I was really excited I was gonna
record three videos fanservice Friday
Friday night Mail and Tuesday's video
which is going to be the the Smasher
pass that you guys recommended to me to
do and I took questions and people are
not questions but just people on
Instagram and stuff so I woke up and I
was getting ready and I was putting on
my makeup I was putting my foundation on
and I look over to turn on my curling
iron because I wanted to curl my hair a
little bit that day and all of a sudden
it hit me like a fucking in the face I
was just like dizzy and it wasn't like
the world was spinning it was like my
head was spinning which is the
difference between vertigo and other
issues like inner ear issues I think
vertigo is an inner ear issue but
there's a bunch of like I'm not a
medical professional so I'm gonna do my
best with what I've self diagnosed and
so I immediately was super dizzy I could
barely walk I stood up immediately to go
out and drink the second half of Soylent
that I hadn't had yet because I hadn't
eaten that much today and I was like
heard that day and I was like okay well
I'm gonna go get some more stuff in me
to make me nono sexual innuendo intended
to make myself feel better maybe I just
needed to eat something so I did that
and then I went immediately to lay down
and after the dizziness kind of
dissipated I was so fucking nauseated I
felt like I was gonna throw up at any
moment and I think I have a slight
phobia of throwing up I feel like it's
just such a big deal and I could go in
there and like hack my fucking stomach
out for hours and like not actually
throw up so I like really don't like
doing it it's like something I'm kind of
against and I've had that
yes since I was really little when I was
really really little I had constipation
problems I would tell my mom my stomach
hurts every single day and try not to go
to school I would try to skip school
like a few times a week because I didn't
feel good and I honestly did not feel
good and my mom got to the point where
she was like there's no way you're
having some exclusive Soph and you're
not actually throwing up and then it
took a while for me to convince them not
that they were they just thought I was a
kid who didn't want to go to school but
I actually liked school and so they
finally took me to the doctor and found
out I was severely constipated and they
had me on like prune juice and laxatives
and stuff like that and then from then
on that issue wasn't really a thing but
for as long as I can remember and this
feeling persists throughout all of the
diets all of the the weight loss and
gain that I've had all of the different
lifestyle changes everything that I've
done has not made a difference in this
and I feel like my days are often on a
timetable I wake up and I feel great and
slowly that greatness feeling dissipates
into me feeling like shit I just feel
like shit by the end of the day and the
only thing that makes me feel better is
sex because sex makes everything feel
better it's like a endorphin rush but
then later the feeling sick comes back
and eating starchy foods and this is all
so fucked me with my diet and losing
weight to this second time that I gained
a bunch of weight because I other than
the fact that the Mirena birth control
fucked me up that's what made me gain 20
pounds but then it's been hard to lose
it because at the end of the day all I
want to do is have like a gigantic
sandwich from like Jimmy John's or make
my own sandwich with like a ton of
calories or have like two peanut butter
and jellies because the only thing that
actually makes me feel better is a ton
of carbs and it's weird because when I'm
eating healthier I over all feel
healthier but then the only thing that
makes that one feeling of malaise go
away is to eat something starchy it's
something extremely starchy with a lot
of calories so that it's been affecting
my ability to make videos and I always
thought I was not oh I'm being a pussy
I'm being a huge little pussy bitch and
there's nothing actually wrong with me
I've been to the doctor for twice for
this and I both the times I told them
that it was a stomach ache and it's not
a stomach ache but it's nausea
I have nausea that seems to stem from
the base of my neck
and my head in the back of my head
having pressure and it's not like a
headache but it's like I can feel a
little bit of pressure there that's not
too traumatic but it makes me feel
extremely nauseated it makes me feel
extremely lethargic and tired and
exhausted and it progresses over the day
as I said so I wake up in the morning I
feel fucking amazing I can take on the
world I work out my workout is great I
come back I'm starting to feel a little
mad and the more time I spend in front
of cameras or filming or running around
moving around the worse I feel and the
more I feel like I'm gonna throw up and
I can't focus on things and there have
been a few uh neurological changes for
me too that I don't know if I'm just
perceiving because I'm afraid that it's
a neurological issue things like me
forgetting words or me having a hard
time recalling certain things or I feel
like I'm just worse and more verbose and
tangential rather than being really
succinct I've watched him on my 2015
videos and I feel like I was a better
speaker and more together back then
which is really concerning because I've
done this so much and I've practiced my
speech so much that I feel like I should
be improving if anything else so I plan
on going back in and trying one more
time to finally have the doctors tell me
what's wrong with me I'm not gonna
explain it as a stomachache because it's
not a stomachache it's not me being
constipated or me having to take a shit
or me having gas it's nothing like that
I get bloated sometimes but that has
nothing to do with the nausea that I
feel I feel like it's definitely either
a chiropractic issue or it's a
neurological issue or it just has
something to do with the way that I said
I don't know I've had this before my
breast augmentation I'm not pregnant I
just had my period and I am because I'm
so afraid of becoming pregnant and like
not realizing I'm pregnant until it's
like a few months in or something
I always keep - pregnancy tests in the
house that aren't um that aren't expired
so that whenever I'm missing my period
for any amount of days or whenever I
feel a little weird or my nipples are
too sensitive I take a pregnancy test
just to make sure so it's not that it's
not anything to do with me having a
Soylent diet if anything having a lower
calorie diet makes me feel better other
than that why usually like I'll just
have Soylent all day well I'll have a
coffee
in the morning a Soylent another Soylent
and then my last meal will be a sandwich
and I'll try not to have two sandwiches
or something and that helps me with the
calorie deficiency that I have to have
to lose weight and it also helps me with
feeling like shit at the end of the day
because I get to have my carb load I get
all of my carbs all of my nutrients I'm
not vitamin D deficient I'm not any in
vitamin deficient
I'm not anemic I've tested that I there
are also a few other things so I have a
pre hypotension hypertension is when you
your blood pressure's too high I have a
really really low blood pressure when I
was younger when I was a teenager I
would always read as dead like you you
couldn't take my blood pressure you had
to take it like three or four times to
even get it to read now I'm a consistent
103 over 60 or less and 90 over whatever
like anything lower than 90 is
hypertension type O tension so that
might be something I have bad
circulation every time you touch my feet
or my hands they're ice-cold and I feel
like all of these things just might be
me not getting enough oxygen to the
brain
for a prolonged period and it's
affecting me negatively and making it so
that my memory is not 100% my speech and
my articulations not 100% of what it
could be obviously graded on a curve I
would be doing pretty well but it's just
not up to par for me and I don't know it
prevents me from wanting to do things
later in the day like I I get really
stressed out when I don't start working
on my videos earlier or if I don't start
streaming earlier because that means
that by the end of my streaming I'm
gonna feel like shit I'm gonna want to
leave because I feel like shit rather
than streaming for seven hours I feel
like if I didn't have this issue I would
do my videos and shits and then I would
stream like seven hours a day like as
much as a full time streamer streams and
I would do the YouTube and then I would
play games on the couch with Jay for
like five hours but what I do is I
stream for like three hours I tell you
guys oh I'm getting tired I'm starting
to feel sick
I get off and then I I'm like okay I'm
just gonna chill in the couch and have
fun with Jay we're gonna play witch or
something and then I end up just feeling
so sick and like any little movement
makes me feel dizzy another change over
the years I never used to get carsick I
never used to get motion sickness
from first-person games even though I
never liked first-person games that
wasn't the reason that I didn't play
them back then I played Goldeneye and
stuff never had a problem I played doom
and fucking Duke Nukem and stuff I never
had a problem but nowadays things like
Far Cry primal and things like Call of
Duty they're making me dizzy and it just
has to be related it just has to be
related that this newfound dizziness and
weirdness and I've never experienced
anything like I experienced yesterday I
was very scared I was like almost on the
verge of tears because it's I'm not
looking for sympathy I'm not looking for
diagnoses from you guys I I barely even
I'm cynical enough of actual medical
professionals diagnoses because I feel
like they're just preaching bullshit
when I was younger okay we're gonna go
on a tangent for a second when I was
younger I thought my parents knew
everything and everyone who was deemed a
professional at something were a hundred
percent right and knew everything and
then I slowly realized that 90 percent
of the world is a bunch of fucking
idiots that got degrees but still took
nothing from it and they're just getting
by getting a paycheck I went with Jay
because he was having sternum pains I
went to the doctor with him and they
told him well what what could you
possibly be doing to make the sternum
pains happen and he's like well it hurts
more when I work out and he was like
well maybe just don't work out what
you're not gonna fucking say that he has
caustic and riotous or whatever you're
not gonna give him any actual reason
you're just gonna tell him to stop doing
something that's fucking inherently
healthy like oh my god I can't even
imagine like doctors are so fucking
stupid sometimes it's really hard to
find a good one so yeah whatever ideas
you have for me I want to hear if you
guys have similar issues and if you were
diagnosed with something so that maybe I
can suggest that to my health
professional but it's not gonna be
ultimately helpful if you try to tell me
that oh it's my diet or oh it's my blah
blah blah because trust me I know my
body I've tried everything I know what
works and what doesn't I know I feel
better when I'm centre I know that
eating a healthy diet and juicing
vegetables and drinking soya and all
this stuff makes me feel better this is
a separate actual medical issue I'm
pretty sure
I'm hoping that I can find some resolve
because I've been dealing with this for
a long time and I've always just told
myself stop being a fucking pussy it's
just you feeling a little sick girls
often feel a little sick and I always
tell myself that but honestly
yesterday's bout of just extreme vertigo
or whatever that was kind of freaked me
out I'm not gonna lie like I think the
progression of brain tumors and stuff
like that as you start getting vertigo
and then later on you start actually
having seizures and being completely out
of it and stuff and I like I said in a
few fm's ago I'm extremely afraid of
losing my mental capacity my
intelligence my personality Who I am on
the inside so if there's anything like
that going on I really want to catch it
early but I just wanted to make this
video to reference to you guys any time
someone has is like oh she's sick off
and she needs to go get checked out
rather that it's not like an actual
sickness it's not like me getting a flu
it's not like me being extremely
unhealthy and going outside and just
breathing in people's fucking bacteria
and never washing my hands and just
being a piece of shit and it's not me
being lazy and lying
I literally have some weird thing where
the longer my day goes the more I spend
time in front of lights and cameras and
the more I work rather than just laying
down and eating Carvey foods I start
feeling more and more like shit and it's
not a bad thing it's like a brain back
head migraine neck thing that doesn't
get better with me going to get massages
and stuff like Jay running his fingers
on my back it releases endorphins just
like sex and that makes me feel a lot
better but afterwards it just comes back
and that's what he did yesterday when I
was laying in bed like worried about
what to do and I sat there and I was
thinking like I need to do these videos
last week fucking fnm was late and I
just really want to get it done for you
guys and I really fucking hate having
late videos I do want to get you guys
things out like the fayette the friday
night mail on time and I feel really bad
when I'm behind in things but I end up
only having a few hours a day that I can
work where I don't feel like shit and
then the rest of it has to be me sitting
at a computer otherwise I'm just like
gagging and feeling awful and dizzy and
fucking lethargic and it's just general
malaise that's what I would call it just
general malaise that's what I've been
calling it on on on Instagram
I love you guys so much thank you to all
of you who support and understand that
I'm going through something occasionally
and then I can't always do
eight-hour streams and I can't always
finish videos on time and I planned
things it's it's hard to plan Friday
night mail earlier because I have to go
get my packages as close to Friday as
possible otherwise I'm missing packages
and people want me to get them right at
the end because they send them right to
get here on Friday and it's hard for me
to plan ahead with that one so that's
why one of the reasons why I I can I
can't always get it out on time I take
my fucking upload schedule very
seriously I take you guys very seriously
I take your support very seriously and I
just want to thank you guys thank you so
much for your understanding and your
help and appreciation and I hope none of
your going through this because it kind
of sucks
but at the same time could be fucking
worse I love you guys hope you liked the
video if you did subscribe and you know
click the like button and all that
garbage let me know if you have anything
similar and you know I don't know if you
have any tips for going to doctors
because I feel like doctors just fucking
push me to the wayside they're like oh
we did a physical you're fine oh you
look absolutely fine oh you're in peak
physical health and it's like yeah but I
have this one thing that's bothering me
and it's inhibiting me from from working
from enjoying my life especially as the
day goes on I always want to take naps
so that I can wake up refreshed because
taking naps completely erases any of the
pain and and like lethargy and all that
stuff that I have I don't know I love
you guys thank you so much bye
