hey guys fuck Valentine's Day which was
quite so it's quite he was very you know
usually some fucking religious Saint
days so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
hey guys welcome to my fuck Valentine's
Day video this video is not going to be
anything like my fuck Thanksgiving video
which is actually me just saying that
the holiday is bullshit I don't give a
shit at all to celebrate it and I think
it's a really stupid really antiquated
holiday based on a lot of persecution of
Native Americans bullshit from my
history textbooks and the slaughter of a
bunch of talking turkeys which I do care
about because I do like animals and
that's why I'm a vegetarian
I do believe that a lot of the cultural
and traditional and even societal
holidays are just really pointless
because I do believe that this is going
to be a feel-good video for all of you
guys who don't have anyone to celebrate
with on Valentine's Day or for those of
you who do have someone to celebrate
with but don't really care to celebrate
but since we started off the video like
that why don't we go over why I don't
give a shit about traditions and culture
we're just going to touch on it a little
bit just to make sure you guys all
understand this is going to be a
comprehensive fuck Valentine's Day video
where shit that's not even relevant is
going to be in it a lot of people try to
hold on to their culture from the
country that they're from or from their
ethnicity or their families the family
one I understand a little bit if you
grow up doing something you feel closer
to your family because of those
traditions but the fact that so many
people are holding on to cultural
traditions instead of actually embracing
their individuality kind of saddens me I
feel like it's more important to make
your own traditions find out what you
like as a person rather than just being
like oh yeah one Puerto Rican so of
course I like this that and the other
you're more than just your skin color or
where your family came from many many
years ago and your relationships should
be stronger than just giving gifts and
seeing your family a few times a year
based on our social structure Christmas
Thanksgiving if someone's birthday
otherwise I don't see your fucking ass
because I don't care about you and when
I do celebrate certain holidays I still
appreciate everything I have the rest of
the year and whenever I want to give Jay
a gift I give them a gift and the way
I celebrate things is my own personal
way it's not the way that most people
would Valentine's Day isn't about
dressing up in a fancy dress for me and
going out to a restaurant that one time
of year being treated like a princess
and that was my thing I would do that
more than just once a year and if I want
to chop it from a significant other I
would hope that you would give it to me
more than just once a year but today
we're going to be talking about my
terrible relationship sales the things
that I've done a relationship that has
been absolutely awful if you guys feel
bad about your relationship statuses or
how you have fared in the relationships
pool because you know there's more fish
in the sea but you know it's a
relationship pool I don't fucking know
is it a pond it seems more like a vast
vicious ocean filled with fucking sharks
doesn't it
I sold my patreon patrons and a lot of
them said that they either don't
celebrate or only celebrate when they're
with someone a very few amount of people
even the ones that are in relationships
today yes celebrate it and feel that
it's important so most of my audience
doesn't really give a shit about this
holiday and before we go any further if
you're feeling lonely today and you want
someone to hang out with I am most
likely streaming on Twitch right now if
I haven't started now I'll start later
and if you want to know if I've gone
live yet the best place to do so is
either Twitter or Instagram I post when
I go live on those social media
platforms but if you want to come and
just hang out and watch me play video
games maybe I'll be playing with Jay I
don't know twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock
so you have something to do tonight
because I'm not celebrating anything
really I mean I have some like Amazon
boxes over there because I bought today
a bunch of stuff and he bought me a few
things so this also isn't going to be
your run-of-the-mill I hate the holiday
simply because I have no one but
hypocritically if I had someone it would
be my favorite holiday ever
type of video I'm not lonely I always
have someone I just want you guys to
know that I will be your Valentine and
that I love all of you guys so much I'm
even going to get I'm going to get a
little naked for you know maybe I'll
show you my bra at the end of this video
to kind of just summarize it and make
you all feel better but hopefully this
videos my main point of this video is
just to make you feel good today if
you're feeling like society is telling
you you need to have a significant other
or that this day should suck for you
with you don't it's just any other
fucking day and I know it can be sad
seeing all these other people if you are
lonely right now having sex or posting
or just having a great time I'm going to
make you feel a little bit better with
my fails my relationship sales alright
so here's the terrible story that you
guys might have heard before about my
first boyfriend ever I always wanted a
ring from a boyfriend when I was younger
I'd never really cared about jewelry I
never really thought it like shiny
things where I like shiny things but I
am attracted to shiny things but I don't
want them and I don't want to wear them
you know I just like looking you know in
the case and it's all really shiny it's
like haha so I wanted a ring from a
boyfriend and specifically my first
boyfriend the guy who took my virginity
or I took his I guess more like and on
Valentine's Day he got me the cutest
$100 ring and we're in sixth grade at
the time and he got me a ring hundred
dollars from Fred Meyer jewelers it was
a little silver ring with a fucking red
heart and two little white diamonds on
either side I adored this ring but I was
such a fucking bitch when I was younger
oh my god I was an entitled little piece
of shit to just listen to the things
that I did I fucking guilt-tripped him
all the time I controlled the fuck out
of him at any point if I felt like I was
slighted at all I blew up on him and was
extremely mean to him I was not very
good at controlling my emotions and I
was just a huge bitch there's going to
be some salvation for poor Casey which
was his name it's going to be good it's
going to be self-depreciating
to the fullest as much as I possibly can
because I wanted to be entertaining for
you guys so this is not false either
there was a one time where I was so mad
at him and he was never mean ly he was
so sweet he drew me think he was
extremely artistic he was into the same
music of me he was incredibly devoted to
me anytime I wanted to have sex or mess
around or do anything he was there for
me through everything he was always on
my side he was like the best yes-man
little fucking bitch cut boyfriend you
could ever possibly want
and one time I kicked him in the balls
as hard as I fucking could and made him
tell me that he loves me and promise
that he loves me I threw his ring at him
multiple fucking times the ring that he
bought me and it was like fuck you were
over and he would always always take me
back ok so there was one point where I
started cheating on him with another guy
and sort of dating another guy and that
guy didn't work out so I went back to KZ
and I asked for him back and
for the ring back and he said no which
was quite so it's quite he was very you
know usually when you have someone where
you're off and on all the time you
wouldn't expect a seventh grader or an
eighth grader or whatever it was to be
able to have the self-awareness and the
self-esteem to say dude I'm done with
you you treat me like fucking shit and
that's why I fucking deserved at that
point and we were in our relationship
for about a year and then that happened
and then I totally regretted it and I
missed him every day it was like the
worst thing ever a year down the line I
started dating this guy named Jared who
was the worst possible boyfriend ever in
history I was a really good girlfriend
now I was finally not a stupid bitch I
got my emotions more in check I was
growing up and being able to be a human
you know when you're younger your brains
not fully developed you're our fucking
human I was even less so I was like a
sociopathic fucking Machiavellian little
bitch I was the worst so this Darren guy
he probably cheated on me multiple times
even though I never proved it he was
hanging out with younger girls I know I
know and out of juvie lying to me
constantly getting mad at me for doing
things that he himself does all the
fucking time
controlling me and I remember calling KC
as a friend and talking to KC walking
down a deserted Street and the phone was
cutting out right the phone was cutting
out listen to this listen to this
the phone was cutting out so I couldn't
actually make out what he said but I was
pretty sure that he said he loved me and
so I said I love you too and he said
what and as I love you and he said
that's random I didn't say I loved you
embarrassing right I was pretty
embarrassing and then I proceeded to
tell him that I missed him and told him
all about the things that Jared had done
to me and how Jared treated me and he
said look I care about you I'm sorry
this is happening to you but now you
know how I felt oh the worst oh I've had
so many okay so I had a boyfriend who
broke up with me and didn't even want to
continue a fuck-buddy relationship with
me and I also told this story before
I think the link will be in the
description if not you can find it it's
my first fuck buddy or something
he left me because he just wasn't over
his last girlfriend it couldn't even
keep sleeping with me because
he was not over his last girlfriend
there was just one time at a school damn
I met a guy named Michael Michael went
to a school for troubled kids or
something he was like a bad boy oh my
god
so cool we were at a dance it was dark
at the dance we dance we kissed and we
decided we were going to be boyfriend
and girlfriend the next day he came to
the school to see me and this was in
like elementary end of elementary school
so it wasn't like a real boyfriend but
he was like two years older than me so
he's like so cool and like went to a
different school and everything he came
to see me and then he stopped talking to
me after that I asked why he stopped
talking to me and he told me he called
me I shit you the fuck not it was dark
at that dance and I thought you looked a
different yeah so if you feel bad about
your dating endeavors and you're feeling
lonely tonight just remember that I have
not always been the suave and amazing
Tara Babcock that can get any man or
woman to take their panties off oh and
let's talk about some ideas that you can
you know do on Valentine's Day ideas for
Valentine's Day watch my stream that's
the first one you don't want to do that
I would recommend making yourself a nice
back buying yourself some bath salts
laying in the bath and getting all nice
and you know hmm so good doing something
like beer I don't know what you guys
drink I think beers gross but it's not
it actually tastes like pee and I've
tasted pees now after you're super
relaxed go grab your laptop or your
phone or whatever lay in bed have a good
jerk-off session yes you can also check
out my you know Adam in a huge discount
50% off any one item and free shipping
in the US with a code tear at Adam Eve
comp not to toot my own sponsor this
video is not sponsored but you know they
keep sponsoring videos for me and
favorite favorite everything so yeah sex
toys
buy yourself a sex toy even if you're a
dude to celebrate Valentine's Day and I
know it's a little late that I'm giving
you guys these ideas I just think
talking about it in such a like I don't
give a fuck who cares if you're dating
someone at this point and who cares if
you even celebrate things traditionally
it just fucking do whatever you want to
do play some video games online and hit
on people as if they're all gamer girls
that's looks like a good idea right like
that can't turn
poorly Tanith I don't think I can dress
up in your nicest clothes and make
yourself look really nice and then go
out and hit on girls it looks really
lonely or guys or guys you're bound to
get some rebound sex there I bet don't
do anything illegal or dangerous I
thought this video would be more
entertaining and have more substance and
I would talk more about specific stuff
but honestly I guess they're pretty
entertaining overall Halloween rather
than filming 14 minutes I can probably
cut this down to like a 10 minute video
we have like a solid that's what the
fuck ever video right here I wanted to
do something for Valentine's Day I know
a lot of people do things based on
certain release dates of things or they
go see movies right as they come out or
they play every single game right as
they come out even if it's not something
that's interesting to them I'm not
really jumped on the hype train but I
tried to jump on the Valentine's train
today did it work
you know if you smiled at all during
this video let me know if you enjoyed it
let me know your worst fucking dating
slash relationships experiences and what
you like to do on Valentine's Day and if
it differs between person to person or
if it's actually just like you do what
society tells you to do on every holiday
and let me know if anyone agrees with me
on holidays and culture and how your
actual individuality is more important
than your race your gender your Creed or
any other stupid singular label you can
put on yourself to make yourself feel
special be you not a label there are so
many people doing that already and
there's only one you I love you guys so
much big hug to all of you and thank you
for being my Valentines because I
wouldn't have one other than Jay but
he's like a lame Valentine I'm saying
like flame with his dick and all that
I'm going to try to make him clone his
Willy I haven't got him to clone Lily
yet we're going to do it that's going to
be my Valentines Day present to myself
love you guys and I'll see you in the
next video don't freeze alike and
subscribe or dislike do whatever the
fuck you want and there's two videos
over here that are going to be relevant
to you maybe I don't know how the
algorithm works I love you so much and I
want you guys to smile like fuck it fuck
whatever when I'll be doing to smile
like a fucking crazy Joker narcissist
freak alright guys I promised I promised
we would get dude for you I'll be your
valid dud oh that's it brah don't you
love this bra I'm gonna stream some
games bye guys
look so cute
