sticks and stones motherfucker so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want what's up
motherfuckers today we're going to do
some anti sjw anti-feminist content
we're gonna be taking a quiz again I
know I don't do a lot of this content
and mainly it's just because I feel like
there are so many other channels that
actually dedicate their entire channels
and all their time to doing it immensely
better than I do but I do like to
occasionally take some of these Lite
quizzes because even though they're like
lights on stupidest fuck quizzes they
actually turn into me gushing about
things that I actually care about and
you guys get to understand where I am
and my position on certain different
topics that are important to me I love
talking philosophy and ideology but I
don't so much love the whole research
statistics trying to understand the
meanings behind the statistics and who
funded them and all the other bullshit
that goes into making anti STW
anti-feminist content or political
content of any kind in general so I went
to the gym today and I was going through
my subscription feed because often when
I'm doing cardio I like to watch a lot
of YouTube videos it's like the only
time I get to other than while I'm doing
makeup and I saw that hunter abalone
posted a new video with a new fucking
retarded quiz and without even watching
it because I think it's really fun to go
back after I've made my response and
watch other people's responses I went in
the description saw that he posted the
link open it on my computer and here we
are so I hope you guys enjoy this I will
be posting something more substantial in
the way of why I'm not a feminist and
also I have this really fun idea for a
satirical video entitled why we really
need feminism that I will get to at some
point I promise it's just if I do
something substantial on this topic I
want to make sure that it's quality so I
have to put a little bit more time into
it if that makes sense let's go I've
talked enough as it is alright so if you
guys want to follow along with me and
take the quiz with me or if you guys
want to take the quiz before or after
you watch the video the link will be in
the description please post in the
comments your reactions to whatever I
say as well as your score I don't know
there's going to be an actual score but
I haven't taken this yet it already
looks fucking amazing welcome to my test
its juices stop triggering me period get
started am i a social justice warrior or
a Nazi because there's only two
hopefully I fall somewhere in the middle
because I am neither of those things and
more of like who gives a fuck about your
feelings Frank or stop coddling me Mike
I don't know why I chose traditional
email names for that I don't know why I
added names at all it's not like it's
social justice Warren
anyway let's just was that let's do it
let's do it all right first page do you
think anyone can get a great job and
have a good life if they just work hard
enough yes this is the land of
opportunity so they're saying in America
then no your success is based primarily
on your race and gender no success is
partly a result to be demographic but it
takes a lot of hard work to I feel like
I'm in-between this one this one but
let's just say this one because I really
don't feel like there's anyone who's
actually not given the same
opportunities as anyone else especially
law wise do you think a race is superior
to another where's the no I'm not that I
don't even see colored person because
that's just counterproductive in my
opinion but I would say no is it
important to you that others don't think
you're racist up there it is I don't
care if people think I'm racist I could
not care less can black people be racist
against white people okay so I feel like
we're seeing where the head is of the
person who made this quiz but I don't
know hopefully I'm represented in this
blue of ridiculous questions
every time let's see no racism equals
prejudice plus power disagree yes anyone
can be racist so I'm just going to go
with that there's nothing that's going
to top that that's my exact feeling is
it okay for a woman to say she hates men
it's okay for anyone to say anything
isn't that what isn't that what all
feminists say let's see the other
fucking things because I don't want to
choose a joke if I you know there's
something that actually makes sense to
me no that's rude and unnecessary
lovingness
well I mean it might be rude and
unnecessary but of course it's okay for
you to say it if you feel that way yes
that won't result in any violence or
oppression only male tears the fuck I'm
glad that you know we're taking this
serious quiz here with you know like
something rude about feminists i'm sure
i'm on the nazi level on the nazi end of
things right now for sure do you think a
woman who sleeps around and wear sexy
clothing has no self-respect yes her
father probably wasn't present in her
life yes because she is a slave to the
patriarchy no she may just enjoy sex
connect not necessarily but this is the
reason we have welfare queens and
abortion women abortions women what the
fuck is an abortions women whatever do
you think a man should have the option
to opt out of parenthood before the
child is born male abortion yes I
believe
but I had no idea that it had such a
ridiculously coined phrase who has it
easier men or women okay so I think
women but let's see if there's something
that's just you know more correct
depends a black man doesn't have it it
is okay women you can't even say like
neither it's all it's fucking at parity
you can't just ridiculous are Jews
oppressed not very much but they still
have hardships that other white people
don't have no they're white or no they
control them what the fuck so you can
either like say that they're oppressed a
little bit you can be a fucking asshole
and say oh they're white so there's like
me and white now or you can say that no
they control the media and be extremely
racist like this is the Nazi answer
obviously I don't like any of these
answers can I this is literally awful
like what can I skip it I can skip it J
ruined my video fuckin sis white male do
you think it's important to be polite to
your opponent in an Internet argument I
love how they call the person you're
arguing with on the Internet your
opponent is it was like a fucking Magic
the Gathering tournament or something
fuck no if they offend me or pissed me
off my rudeness is justified you can be
mean or you can be rude to your heart's
content you can do whatever you want but
you know if you're overly rude or you
just like ridiculous insults rather than
actual arguments you're less intelligent
I would say I don't think I have to be
polite but I also want to be rude I
guess that's me yes it's important to be
applied even when disagreeing you know
that's just like an opinion but I guess
these are all opinions trying to
decipher whether or not I'm like a true
Nazi Fraulein what bothers you more rape
or false rape accusations personally
this is stupid why can't I say both I
mean I feel like these people are justly
need to be put in jail for the rest
depending on the type of rape but if
it's like husband raping a wife or guy
has sex with a girl that's a little bit
too drunk but there's no actual forcibly
penetrating the bitch those aren't as
big of a deal as like we abducted
someone off the street who was jogging
and then we beat her to half an inch of
her life that kind of thing is a little
bit more serious than false rape
accusations but also this is fail rape
accusations and not spelled the right
way so fail to you once again don't feel
wholly represented in this question are
women ruining video games I okay
interesting no there need to be more
strong Wow okay yes
videogames are fine the way they are and
women are ruining them by demanding okay
yes but not all women I'm happen am I
supposed to be like a male pig in this
quest okay stop fucking with my favorite
hobby women or I don't care one of these
two but I'm not as fucking angry as this
guy do you believe it's wrong that
promiscuous women are seen as sluts but
from Askew's men are seen as studs I
don't think that's correct
always yes it's a double standard oh
yeah no women have an easier time
getting sex so it's not an
accomplishment for them
no sluts need to be put in their place
obviously not that one unless you know
my place is somewhere hat you know like
on my knees in front of a big dick you
know I'm saying do you believe it's
wrong I guess I mean in our society the
virginity of a woman or you know the
lack of being run through by a woman is
just like people prefer that because men
have a certain vision or preference of
what they want in their women I don't
see like that I don't feel like it's
such a big deal like if someone thinks
you're a slut and you want to be a slide
to just be happy being a slut like I
don't understand would you enjoy living
in a socialist society it's going to say
no right there
you wouldn't secretly love men who were
rude to them yes that's why I treat
women that way okay so I'm a male again
an asshole male in particular they love
it immature women do but most don't yes
which is why nice guys like me never get
the girl oh my god just fucking kill me
now this is way worse and therefore way
better than I had hoped this would be
I'm so glad that I didn't watch the
video and just like went with it oh my
god no that's called abuse and women
don't okay I'm going to say I guess if
it's or women do but most don't I feel
like a lot do and they're not
necessarily immature but I feel like
that facet of Attraction might be
slightly immature depends do you think
the media is biased toward the liberal
side yes I do I feel like it's fucking
inundated with liberal nonsense
completely I agree with that but I feel
like that could be just you know the
shit that I see I don't watch mainstream
media for that reason most often
especially news do you think society is
too PC oh my god it's two pieces it came
in common
I'm going to take the red pill you know
transmisogyny is yes
how about genderqueer like not really
like I don't really care about all of
the distinctions it's all just fucking
stupid labels like who cares do you
think the one in four women gets raped
statistic is true no I think it's less
than 1/4 do you think we need to focus
more on the body image of young girls
yes an important issue no because those
girls are often white and cisgendered
and this is counterproductive for trans
girls of color oh my god no I think we
focus on it enough as it is no women are
already too full of themselves ok so
this is like the social justice freak
this is like the the standard like I
don't have you know the Tara version of
the way the world is and I don't I think
people should be coddled and I'm
retarded and this is like the you know
sis white male response how important
her video gives you quite do you think
Disney as frozen was racist
what day how could Disney's frozen
possibly be racist close racist about it
because everyone was like really
we watched frozen recently no I I never
once thought about race they could
evolve in black all the white I don't
give a fucking shit like what don't have
my responses you're ruining my video
supply mail is there any place on the
Internet in which you have identified
yourself as anorexic bulimic or
recovering from an IDI what any place on
the Internet is there any place on the
internet you describe yourself as a
cutter or fuck okay how many mental
illnesses do you have well my some of my
viewers would say more than four I would
assume I have none
are you gender fluid genderqueer
demisexual romantic or queer platonic no
and what the fuck you believe hate
breeds more hate yes oh my god yes this
is why like so many people especially
like with in there like BLM community
and like all of the issues with the you
know cops shooting black people in all
it sounds like so many people even
toward me when I could joke about
fucking Vivi are like oh I hate all
white people doing this and that and
then they act like that's not racism
like if I was truly racist against black
people and you truly wanted equality do
you really think you're going to change
my mind in any way or change the world
mind in any way in your eyes all white
people hate black people if you're just
being a huge fucking asshole stop giving
people
and to hate you obviously even if all
the black people I've ever met we're
assholes I wouldn't be racist because I
have sense and I know that everyone is
an individual hating people who hate you
is not that's not the way you make a
change in the world it's absolutely
ridiculous do you think there's anything
wrong with saying fuck off or fuck you
in a political debate mustard brand come
on I'm making a video in a political
debate know if I'm arguing with an
opposer oppressor oppressor of course or
someone who is being racist or sexist no
not if I'm arguing with an idiot and yes
that language is unnecessary
I don't I don't believe in any of these
what that's why I'm not really into
politics because I feel like politics
revolves around a lot of lying and
pretending to be someone you're not and
pretending to be more professional than
you are or caring about issues more than
you do I feel like all politicians no
matter what side they're on our Liars
through and through so for me if I was
going to be a politician I would be fine
with using whatever language I feel like
using and I would be very upfront and
honest with how I feel so what let's say
that the way politics are done I guess
it's unnecessary it's definitely
unnecessary do you think the world would
be better off if white people had never
existed no white people did bad things
but if they hadn't done it someone else
okay this is actually a good response I
agree like it was black slavers that
sold us the black slave I don't feel
like it was a race issue it's just like
this country or this class or social
structure it just happened to be that
way so yeah I definitely agree with that
is it sexist for a man to want a woman
to shave her legs
no he's allowed that preferences as long
as he doesn't force it on women who
don't want to shave I agree and by
forcing actual forcing not like a bitch
shave your legs have I ever been called
a neckbeard
well I'm females oh no but you know I've
never done any neck beardy thing so rape
culture does not exist no it's just
typical feminists with victim
mentalities I'm glad that in some of
these questions I am represented well do
you believe you can figure out the
intelligence of a person by looking at
their skull size I have no clue and I
don't care to do that like what the fuck
do you think girls who play Skyrim are
just making it up to look cool
oh no I think they are generally
genuinely interested in it okay so this
is what I have open next to this tab
this is if you guys don't know because
there is a what Skyrim that this is a
mod that I have not yet installed to my
Skyrim that has loading screens with
extra sarcasm let's take a look at this
for a second because you know I'm on a
computer so we can look at anything
there are those who believe that when
night descends upon Skyrim a werewolves
party like crazy back to the quiz do you
think America would be better off if it
were a hundred percent white ah are you
kidding me America was better off
without my people Jesus but there are
people who believe these things is so
funny is it okay to require a sexual
partner who is a lot better-looking than
you and make no effort to improve your
own appearance yes for everyone J often
makes this argument we're like really
ugly guys will often be attracted to
beautiful women and I feel like there a
point like I actually know a few
youtuber girls who are very attractive
and prefer like chubby or fat men and
there might be some kind of
psychological reasons behind that but
all that matters is that they do and
it's a preference and you're not trying
to date yourself so I don't see why
preferring someone that's not exactly
like you that's like saying everyone who
isn't homosexual is wrong because you
know they want a separate gender from
themselves like what does so fucking
stupid are you a genius of course are
you very mentally gifted but the school
systems weren't able to cater to your
giftedness properly and best you've got
bad grades no I got really good grades
are you a witch or pegging to any guy um
no what is the definition of a woman
some of those XX chromosomes someone
with a vagina someone who identifies as
female regardless of her sex at birth
sure yes I is it too fucking social
construct sex is not gender is is it
rape if a woman feels emotionally
pressured to have sex with a man but is
never physically forced okay emotionally
pressured you can't just say we don't a
lot with this in the init OB thing for
me at least it felt like a lot of people
were feeling emotionally pressured but
never effectively spoke up there's no
possible way you can get into a guy's
head and just like I don't want this you
actually have to use words and actions
to tell him that you know you can't just
be like oh you know he was saying like
you're so hot we should fucking and you
know we can peer pressure you can't say
that you weren't raped No so in that
circumstance
no if you're saying that there's someone
that's actually like belittling someone
and it's still not rape but it is mental
abuse maybe or you know psychological
abuse you care about the feelings of
white street men yes
you know what the fuck being nice is
overrated true especially if it's not
genuine women's main value should be
determined by their youth and beauty Act
II really know I I'm I have like only
four years three years until I'm 30 so
it's just exhausting that oh my god the
more sexual partners a woman has the
more she's damaged false and this is
coming from someone who would be totally
fine and fucking 100 guys if she wanted
to but has only fucked like ten so have
you ever played World of Warcraft what
yes actually I have thank you there's
your real life feel like a
disappointment in contrast with the
world view experience and video games
books and movies no it's just like
difference which is exciting does it
bother you when people with almost no
knowledge of video games claim to be
gamers no I mean it's nice that the
hobby that I've enjoyed since I was very
very young is becoming so mainstream
that we're going to have more funding
and games and stuff and dumb bitches
will say that they like games when they
don't and oftentimes the people who
claim to be gamers but have new
knowledge just like play Call of Duty or
play League of Legends or play overwatch
and they play nothing else and I think
it's cute when a girl wants to be a
gamer and might not be as hardcore as I
am or even a guy do it like I've had a
lot of guys who were less gamer than me
because they were like models and never
really had the time you know it seems
like attractive people are just told
that that's not the thing that they do
at a young age at least in my generation
and if you comply with that then you end
up going to parties instead and dating
and having a socialite for me I just
chose to follow the thing that made me
happy which was gaming and I had friends
who also gamed with me as fast as our
work I don't know nobody ever made me
feel weird so I was a girl growing up
Gaming is there a racist of a TV show
only has white characters fuck no and
also the opposite is not racist all
black characters would you post
someone's IP address ever no what the
fuck
I had ddossing problems for a long time
and it's not just because I can relate
emphasize no it's because it's just like
fucked up why are you an adult who is
really really into Disney films I mean
if there was one
really I would say yes but the to really
is you know it kind of throws me off a
little bit white men are currently the
most oppressed group in America okay so
in my little tiny bubble where all I
watch is like sargon of akkad videos and
anti FTW video videos and like other
things like that on YouTube yeah it does
kind of feel like that but I have no
idea can I say I don't know I have no
idea I feel like no one's oppressed
everyone is equal right and beyond that
is just like thought policing and
telling people what to do is it okay if
a white person criticizes sexist things
that go on in the Middle East or Africa
yeah sexism sexism is Hitler
misrepresented in the history books I'm
sure everything is hit misrepresented in
the history books
also they probably don't talk about any
of his good sides because they just want
to paint him as the murderer of the
universe I'm sure this is going to add
100 million thousand points to me being
a Nazi but whatever I would just rather
have reporting especially for historical
events that I could not possibly have
been there to experience with an
unbiased eyes not America sees it this
way i or even the world sees it this way
i is it okay for a white person to say
the n-word around other white people
it's okay for some anyone to say
anything is it something that other
people will enjoy hearing probably not
it's just a fucking word though
sticks and stones motherfucker is it
racist for a white person to own impact
what no does it have set you that white
people would no longer be the majority
in America no it upsets me no if you
wish 7 Jerry I would say that is like my
favorite dick was a BBC you know I'm
saying I really you know sets me that
you know have enough fuckin choices is
it wrong for a thin person to refuse to
date fat people know what the fuck I
can't do you think the dictionary
encyclopedias and long-standing facts
are mostly untrue and created to a press
people know the word cracker is just as
harmful as the n-word true both are
equally not harmful is Miley Cyrus a
racist no but she's a slut the fuck no
she's not a racist or a slut I have no
idea I cannot have an opinion on someone
else's life that I've just heard of in
the media it's fucking ridiculous well
the world is better if we traveled back
in time to the 1950s no I like
technology do you identify as I don't
identify as many things I don't like
labels I don't feel like they do me
justice as an individual I'm not like
vehemently against them like I'm acting
right here but I don't really care about
politics in this is all politics shit do
you think depression is a legitimate
reason for having an abortion what I
think any reason you don't want a kid
and you can't provide for it adequately
and you're not going to love it
adequately is a good reason to have an
abortion I don't believe in like
carrying it to term and then adopting it
away and it might become like this
orphan that's unloved we have so many
people in the world that I don't believe
a fetus has its own right I just don't
believe in pro-life unless the person
chooses the pro-life option it's their
body it's their decision it's just a
fetus sweat that in and of itself sounds
retarded do you think most TV shows and
movies are racist no are you an adult
who likes my little pony no are you very
different from most people yes are you
profoundly intelligent in a way to I do
tests and grades just don't capture no
you can definitely capture it I'm a
female
oh you're allowed to be a female and
take this test
oh how fucking interesting I didn't know
based on many many of the questions not
having any fucking fucking answers for
me and my single what you have to give
my zip code and my human entered the
numbers you hear I want to know how
fucking retarded I am or whatever
alright well fuck it all so fuck you
planter Ave alone for making me think
that I could finish this quest without
being added to a dating site anyway I
hope this was entertaining for you guys
as you guys can figure out how to make
it actually give you the results I might
actually go through on my own quickly
and redo all of this if it's easy to do
without signing up and if you can
actually do the fucking CAPTCHA on you
guys's computers because I can't do it
hope you guys enjoyed this video like
the video subscribe to the channel post
in the comments if you want me to do
more videos like this because as always
I like to hear what you guys want from
me and then if I enjoy making that kind
of content I am very happy to dish out
that kind of content for you it's like a
1 it's a two-way street
also I like to keep the conversation
open so please post your ideas in the
comments anything you have agree
disagree I don't give a shit it doesn't
offend me
at all in the slightest if you don't
agree with every single thing I say I
don't like yes men or women or zere's so
yeah also on the right I don't know
that's this way or this way because
everything's flipped
down you know fucking now cameras
working shit there's gonna be two other
videos suggested for you I also have a
gaming YouTube channel together right
now let's go there right now hold on
hold on I have a gaming YouTube channel
at youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games
ignore this this is the old
grandfathered link that I had when it
wasn't only a gaming channel it was my
everything channel and I also have a
twitch livestream at oh look there's me
playing fucking Skyrim that's actually
really weird because I don't remember
loading this video isn't it supposed to
be Shin Megami Tensei for anyway yeah
thanks for watching and I'll see you in
the next video
Wow alright guys I had to go back and
finish the quiz because I saw that
hunter finished the quiz easily and
enough to do anything or something after
I watch this video so I am a red pillar
I'm 9% extremists 17% liberal 20%
feminist 0% anti-racist 20% races 17%
ignorant 29% sexist 21% rude 26% dirty
35% conservative and 18% special
snowflake you like to read return of
Kings and talk about getting poon most
likely you don't plan on getting married
who one thing they did get right about
me but if you ever do it'll be to a 15
year old Thai girl sounds like fun as
long as it's legal and wherever I decide
to reside very interesting so yeah she
wanted to add that in I didn't want to
fucking do you guys dirty like that let
me know what you guys get
