and yes if I do get these tattoos I will
100% be blocking them and time laughing
them and all that good shit so yeah look
forward to that if you if you do I look
forward to the pay new who so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want what's up guys I have
not done a natural light blog let me
make this go out farther so it's farther
from me there we go I have not done a
national light love for so long and I'm
sorry there other there are other sounds
because doors open in the middle of the
fucking day I want to share with you
guys this new band is going to be my
fucking favorite but you guys have to
listen to the song it's like richelieu
my doing is racially focus Vlad Vlad you
cocksucker focus okay Richelieu are is a
cello the fucking album is feather gun
and the name is feather gun in the
garden of Sun it's like a really good
song the whole album kind of sounds like
tool Plus prog rock or something yes
check it out I'm here today I'm doing my
first actual sit down vlog with the Vlad
sticks the stick that holds flies like a
selfie stick but it's also like the leg
of a tripod it's not high quality come
on it allows me to get my full body in
there while also having the the image
stabilization so it's not like shaking
and making everyone want to throw up or
whatever and please excuse my dirty
background I just going to do TV and
stuff which I did a vlog with this and
it will be out this is I have the time
to edit through all this but it's so
they were going to talk about the
tattoos I really want to get and for a
long time I've been wanting to get
another tattoo I have one tattoo on my
foot it's a bunch of Mario characters
that I really love from Super Mario like
all the super marvelous universe but it
reminds me most is Super Mario 3 because
that's the game that really solidified
that I am a die-hard gamer for my entire
life that it's the one thing is that I
will always love to do it was the first
game it was just like yes this is my
favorite hobby this is what I love and
that's why as soon as I turned 18 I got
that 10
but I decided not to get any other
tattoos even though I wanted to get some
I don't want to sleeve or anything I
don't find the aesthetic of a sleeve to
be pleasing and as my eyes get red it's
because there's wind blowing in my face
it might look hot with the hair but it
fucks with the fucking sensitive blue
eyes
I haven't been to telling you guys about
the touches I want to get because I
don't know why I gave a shit because not
only can I document that I was the first
one to have these ideas for tattoos
because the video is going to be up and
have a time stamp or a date stamp on it
but like who cares if someone wants to
take the tattoo ideas that I hadn't give
them on themselves
that's just flattering and you know it's
just hearsay anyway it was my maybe they
had the exact same idea and we're like
kindred souls or something I should not
care about that kind of thing but every
single tattoo that I would want to get I
would never regret for me tattoos are
just a form of self-expression just like
anything else and to me it's improving
my aesthetic it's making me feel more
like me on the outside more like the
person that I am on the inside and so
like I've never regretted this tattoo
even though I think it could have been
better looking let me stretch show to
you oh it's dating because I needed to
go back and get a touch-up when I first
got it because it's not a part of the
foot that bends a lot and yeah they told
my old man I'm going to touch up but I
never went back and I did I don't know
why I guess I have time or something but
that's the first thing I want to do is
it's the first thing I might want to
find a good tattoo artist if you guys
know any good tattoo artists in Bellevue
or the Seattle area please let me know
because that's the one thing I'm
dreading and the reason I haven't done
it I actually there's a tattoo parlor in
downtown Vegas oh thank god this bus has
gone and it's on the strip like right
across the street from the hotel that I
was staying in I was so tempted to just
go there on a whim and get a tattoo but
I didn't because I want to make sure
it's thought-out and I have a bunch of
references for the artist who draws the
original art there are four tattoos that
I want to get right now
five passengers I want to get right now
okay so I have the collage of Mario
stuff on my right foot on my left foot I
want to get a collage with my favorite
things from Final Fantasy because that's
another franchise that I really adore
above that the left foot one above the
Final Fantasy one on my saw on my leg I
want to get I think on my cast probably
I want to get I want to get like this
okay so I want to get Vivi from Final
Fantasy 9 but split down the middle
one half is veigar from League of
Legends and what happened Phoebe I feel
like the Vivi the Vivi veigar combo like
obviously veigar was was clearly clearly
clearly inspired by BV very similar
black mage style person except for
veigar encompasses everything that is
evil and Vivi despite being a black mage
is very very innocent and sweet and a
good person and I feel like those two
together looks like I'm about to cry
it's so funny I swear I'm not getting
emotional my eyes just look that way but
yeah Vivi and Veigar together like by
garth by far my favorite lead character
mostly because i like the way he plays
and i played him lee was overpowered he
was underpowered and if managers i love
the character so much i love the things
that he said he's like is that a short
joke I'm tiny but I'm evil and I feel
like that's me but then on the other
side you have bebe Final Fantasy 9 one
of the best Final Fantasies ever I
fucking love that game and I just feel
like having it split down the middle
being veigar and Vivi would just be so
me and I want to be really cute and
really stylized and really amazing so I
would get on the Final Fantasy tattoo I
would get the one on the foot not not
the Veigar Vivi one I would want to get
a joke about a cat you are a tonberry
obviously a mogul and just like all of
the cute really iconic maybe even a
Malraux really iconic planet fantasy
characters and scenes that I just I I
fucking love so much I wouldn't get any
of the actual potential humanoid
characters just because I don't do that
like I don't have Mario or Luigi on my
on my Mario tattoo I really liked
the supporting scenes and enemies and
characters and things that make the
whole franchise iconic more so than than
the actual human characters even though
I do like a lot of pyramid characters
from Final Fantasy and of course I like
Mario and Luigi and Bowser I should have
gotten to Bowser I want to get a Bowser
tattoo or Bowser's fucking peach but
that's something that I'm not actually
sure I want to get I wanted to get it
when I was 18 and then I was like no but
okay so I don't know if I actually told
you guys Aris actually finished that
monologue I'm so all over the place all
the time but the reason I didn't get any
more tattoos is because I was a
professional model and it kind of unless
you're going to be like a suicide girl
or an alternative model which I didn't
want to be it's very hard to get jobs
there was this one job that I lost it
was a New York Pizza company and even
though the tattoo was on my foot and was
going to be covered up they declined me
once they found out I had a tattoo
because they said they didn't want to be
associated with anyone who would get a
tattoo which is fucking ridiculous to me
fuck you I wish I remembered the name of
the pizza company so that I could suck
and just flaunt their name all over and
be like you know they don't support you
if you are a supporter of body art these
people are assholes
and I was just like I'm not even sad
that I'm losing this job because these
fucking guys are assholes let me tilt
this down tilt it down one more there we
go it seems better yeah there we go to
better whatever the fuck the next one I
want to get is I want to get one okay so
I want to get one on my wrists right and
I wanted to just be like you know I'm
from The Legend of Zelda the hearts the
three hearts but like light hearts but
they took those life hearts and used
them in the binding of issac the binding
of issac is heavily based on a lot of
things from Smash TV and Legend of Zelda
but the binding of issac is one of my
favorite games of all time I fucking
love the ideologies behind it in the
humor behind it and how much
replayability there is I almost have
like all of the achievements on that
game except for some of the things with
the lost of and on rebirth I just fuckin
loved that game so much it's one of the
games that really made me fall in love
with the indie game and I wanted to get
okay so Magdalene is the girl with the
blonde hair that you can play the
character with the blond hair and
I love the religious undertones - so
fucking good and I want to choose
specific upgrades that feel a lot like
me so I'll probably get like technology
which is the thing on the eye and I'm
going to have 50 long legs which is a
spider and just a bunch of things that
it may like feeling it would be a terror
run like this is Tara and I'm going to
make Magdalene hair straight blonde
instead of curly blonde and make it look
a little bit more like me but still be
in the style of binding of issac so that
plus all of the upgrades plus the hearts
on the top one red heart one blue heart
which is a soul heart and one black
heart everyone's a black parts are cold
but they're basically like different
kinds of health right temporary kinds of
health and I think that would be really
awesome on on my left wrist and then on
my right wrist I want to get okay so
there's this Magic the Gathering card
called judges familiar it's my favorite
Magic the Gathering part of all time
it's not a very high powered card but in
the deck that I played it in in mono
blue devotion during the Pharaohs and
Ravnica block it was it's really like an
amazing one drop it's a one white or one
blue you cast or you play to Cassatt
sorry I'm going all over the place it's
hard for me to certainly do blogs when
there's like a bunch of scenery and I
can look at the trees and stuff and
things are moving around is people down
there and I'm hearing things it's like a
sensory overload I get very a DD but um
so this card you play it it's a one drop
it's a 1/1 it's a flyer and you can pay
one to counter an instant spell or
whatever and it's like a little owl and
the flavor text says he misses numbs
nothing but has no sense of humor or
something like that and I just love
judges familiar so much it's like a
little a little owl very cute and I want
to make like a stylized version of it
that looks exactly like it but it's more
Kibby and more cute and I want to
incorporate the mana cost somewhere in
the somewhere in the art so there's like
the mana cost them in the top-left or
whatever and maybe the mana cost of the
sacrum
could you have to sacrifice him to
counter the spell and it's like a little
familiar that doesn't miss anything and
will do anything for you and I really
like that and I think it's fair
cute and I love that deck that was was
acting on me in the magic and I would
say there was any competitive outlet for
me it would be Magic the Gathering it's
something that doesn't require you to be
dexterous like most video games like
Starcraft I love an odorous are craft
that game is amazing it's the best you
scored my opinion but it's not something
that I could ever be totally competitive
in because I just I'm older I'm
left-handed using a right-handed mouse
and just like all these are all excuses
and I could totally buckle down and be
really amazing at it but I feel like
magic is a game that requires thought
and intellect and you can take your time
not too much time though because you get
in fucking trouble for that but I just
really enjoy playing magic and when I
played it lightly competitively it was
something that I really enjoyed so magic
hasn't been part of my life even if I
stopped playing and I haven't played it
for a while I plan on I hope I'm going
to get back into it at some point but if
I don't it's still like part of me it
feels like the biggest and most
important one I want to get and the one
I'm probably going to get first because
it's so it's so it's things I so much
for me is the one I want to get on my
right cat and it'll be above the Mario
tattoo I don't know if I want to get it
on my ankle or on my cat but I want to
get Mario and Sonic shaking hands like
the wish you were here album cover the
Pink Floyd album cover where one of them
is on fire they're both wearing business
suits and they're shaking hands and the
other guy's not combusted and one of
them is on fire and there's like a
there's buildings in the background and
stuff like that and the reason I want to
get that is because that's like my
entire childhood in one Sonic and Mario
will be like a fire flower Mario where
he's like on fire we're going to like
add flame to be the guy who's on fire on
the right of that a Pink Floyd picture
pink wood album cover Pink Floyd is my
favorite band of all time is something
that my parents showed me when I was
younger and it made up a huge chunk of
the things that I listened to in my
childhood and I still to this day find
it so cathartic to listen to the music
it's fucking amazing
I just adore it and one of my favorite
albums growing out
and even now with wish you were here I
also like fucking oh so my I don't want
to make this I I need to make a new I
need to make a new music video music
video a video about the music that I
love a lot I made one about metal and
some of the metal that I like and stuff
but employed the Division Bell fucking
it everything echoes like there's so
much the wall part wanted to have so
many favorite albums from them I can't
even decide which animals and I fucking
love dogs and take so great ah anyway
but um the fact that I can incorporate
gaming and music and my favorite games
of my favorite music in the fact that
Sonic and and Mario are shaking hands
it's kind of like so many people when I
was younger either chose the side of
Sega or Nintendo and I loved them both
equally like I had a Genesis and a
gamegear and I also had a fucking Game
Boy and Game Boy Advance and a fucking
SNES and an NES and I loved all of it
and I didn't discriminate just you know
I fucking loved them both I loved Sonic
3 and 2 and 1 and pinball and fucking
all it's my childhood in a nutshell and
leave me who I am today and I feel like
having all these epic tattoos on me
would just make me more me and but I I'm
at the same time I feel like I'm going
to leave it up to Jay a little bit oh
and the binding of issac one on my wrist
I want to make one of the familiars that
are with me I don't know if it'll be
Incubus that I choose or city long like
this or something but I want it to be I
want it to be like a representation of
Jay because I feel like no matter what
happens in my life he was the biggest
person in my life even if something
crazy were to happen I would never I
would never be a person that would want
to get one of my tattoos removed
I don't regret things I see them as just
parts of my life as like learning
experiences and I definitely feel like
he this last 11 years has been a big big
enough part of my life but he deserves a
poor
one of my skin to be inked up but I
don't I don't really want to get too
many tattoos I feel like my ideal female
form is only tattooed on like the wrist
and leg areas like I'm fine with my legs
being tattooed especially like knees
down I kind of wanted to have like
piccolo fucking someone and you know
what Piccolo's fucking asexual remember
but you know what I mean
there's so many ideas I had I wanted
like really x-rated tattoos I was
younger now I kind of just want and I
wouldn't even have regretted them either
now I just want tattoos that signify Who
I am more so I think I was even hornier
when I was younger because I just wanted
like shao khan fucking you know whoever
molina would be a little creepy because
it's like his daughter
but yeah i hope you guys enjoyed this
video and getting into my head a little
bit let me know if you guys enjoy being
able to see more of me or in a different
angle with the blood thicker river it's
pretty comfortable i don't have to go
like this and hold the camera and then
like try to get my face and my tutu not
just my neck and my chin in there we
have my eyes are thoroughly annoyed that
i've been sitting with this wind hitting
my face so I'm going to go thank you so
much for watching guys let me know if
there are any dream tattoos that you
would want to get let me know what you
think about tattoos and if you would
ever get any if you prefer girls with or
without them or men with or without them
depending on what your sexual
preferences I am completely fine with
you disagreeing with me or saying that I
shouldn't do it but that's not going to
change what I decide to do in the end
and as I was saying I might let J decide
whether or not he finds it attractive
because I'm in the fence
I don't really care to do this but I
have the hankering to do it and I know I
wouldn't regret it so why the fuck not
do it right but um there are some
decisions in my life that I feel are
better made with someone who can and
also has a stake in the way that I look
or the way that I am because I just
don't really care like I definitely
think that you should be the ultimate
person who decides what you do with your
body but if you don't care and you know
you would love to oblige someone to make
yourself a little bit sexy
with a piercing or tattoo or something
like why not I don't care whatever the
book as long as you know in your heart
of hearts you're not going to regret it
which I do sorry I had to like restart
this video yeah I love you guys so much
thank you for watching
there are other videos you can watch I
also have a gaming channel youtube.com
slash Terry Babcock games and a live
stream twist on TV slash Terry Babcock
so you got in the next do and I'll see
you guys on instrument at paragraph oh
yeah cool all right I love you
