so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want so guys
welcome to a new story time video I
didn't plan on doing this video before
finishing the editing of the anti sjw
anti-feminist a little quiz thing that I
did but it takes a lot of editing and I
saw that Zoe's comment which I'm
probably gonna pose to the screen right
now got a lot of votes so I'm like okay
I'm gonna tell this fucking story I
don't know you guys have to tell me if
you want me to do more story time videos
I don't have a ton of stories what is
that noise
fucking similar to some dog in the
hallway or something I don't have a ton
of stories and I don't feel like I'm an
exceptional storyteller and as a
non-story time channel and not like an
anti storytime channel just I'm not a
storytime channel it doesn't seem like
it gets a lot of views and it's not
something that's highly recommended or
highly sought from me but there is a
demographic of you guys who really enjoy
them so I will try to do them on request
and when I think of things that are
actually good enough to make a story
time video about I do have the sex
stories videos the playlist of which is
always on my channel page so if you guys
want to watch those those are good
watches but anyway so there are two
videos you might want to watch before
watching this one if not that's
completely fine so I'm gonna summarize
some of the things that I said in there
that are relevant to this story this
story is about me and going downtown and
getting attacked on a bus hope you guys
enjoy it so the first video I recommend
you watch before this is my terrible
foster sister story this story is about
how my best friend modele and yes I did
cover up a lot of her name in the video
but I forgot to cover it up one or two
times I didn't really care too much to
cover it up so we're gonna be saying her
name in this video whatever she was my
best friend
we found out she was living in a very
abusive environment so she came to live
with me my mom became a foster parent
for her and we ended up having a
terrible friendship after that because
she became a totally different person
her boyfriend TJ hated me who's also in
the story and she hated my boyfriend
Jared who's also in the story so at one
point after all of us not really getting
along that much Medel and I would still
try to make an effort to be friends one
of these times we decided to go downtown
on a metro bus a metro bus is just like
a regular public transportation bus
where you pay like 75 cents to get on
and ride for whatever amount of time I
know there are a lot of different brand
names or whatever you would call that
two buses so if you don't know what a
Metro bus is public transportation we
or underaged I think I was about 14 to
15 to 16 not quite sure I don't think I
was 16 I was like 14 or 15 she was about
the same age buddy you're older her
boyfriend was a year older Jarrod was a
year older so I was the youngest one we
were all in high school I think Jarrod
had dropped out of high school at this
point whatever we didn't have cars
Jarrod stole cars so that's one thing
you need to know about me as well if you
want to watch my draw my life video and
a few other sex stories I think he's in
like one sex story Jarrod was a
long-term boyfriend I had who stole cars
and was in and out of juvie and was
relatively a pretty bad guy but
sometimes he was like this amazing
boyfriend and that's why I stuck it out
because I did enjoy the times that we
had together when he was being a badass
do we have all that do we have the the
premise laid out we decided to go on a
double date to downtown to just hang out
downtown Seattle I have many many
smaller stories that I could tell you
guys about times that Metro buses have
been like a huge scary experience for me
or being downtown in general has been a
huge scary experience for me I've had
multiple instances of beggars or like
homeless people getting mad that I don't
give them money and then they kind of
follow you around and we're not talking
about the complacent homeless people who
like really have problems and are
sitting in a corner and they're like a
veteran and they're just like chill and
they have a beard on their face I'm
talking about the ones that have a skill
where they're like beatboxing or playing
a guitar or something and they get super
offended that you don't give them money
when you walk by or just the general
crack addicts looking dudes that you see
in any big city downtown getting pissed
off that you don't contribute to their
habit then almost any time I walk past a
metro stop downtown or any like worse
area downtown than the main area for
shopping and even the main area for
shopping in downtown Seattle is a little
creepy at night you get people yelling
white now and stupid slut even though
I'm not even dressed like this I'm just
wearing like a jacket and jeans I don't
know if you guys have experienced this
but I've had a lot of issues with that
there was actually some black dude that
once tried to attack Jay and I because
Jay was walking too loudly so needless
to say I don't like ghetto areas I don't
like downtown areas I don't generally go
out of my house anyway but back then I
did like to go downtown with my friends
occasionally I was a rebellious teenager
anyway let's just get to the story
because it is kind of crazy I just
wanted to give you guys a bit of
understanding as to why we were going
downtown and what I did when I was a
teenager occasionally so Jarrod was not
in juvie at the time TJ was not
cuckolded at the time and medela was
deciding that she still wanted to be my
friend so we got on a metro bus and we
were going through this area called
white center which is something on the
way of downtown but it is a very very
ghetto area in Seattle if you've been
anywhere near there you know what I'm
talking about they don't take kindly to
privileged lookin kids we all had like
nice clothes and didn't look like we
were fitting in in that area if that
makes any sense so there's a stop at
white centre that picks up these two I
don't know if it was two or three I
think it was two big-ass samoan dudes
right like these guys were gigantic
they're like way over six foot really
big I don't know if it was because they
were kind of buff on fat or just only
fat I don't know but they didn't look
like the kind of people who weren't
looking for trouble
that's like the majority of people on
buses in urban areas it's more like
people commuting downtown for their jobs
and those people are fine whatever they
just don't want to drive because you
know driving downtown is fucking hellish
but then the rest of them are like teens
poor people and people looking for
trouble now these guys looked quite a
bit older than us I would say they're
probably in their early 20s Jared and I
were sitting in the seats behind modèle
and TJ and as soon as these Simone guys
got on they made a beeline from
medellín TJ I have no idea why and just
started like picking a fight with him
we weren't talking loudly we weren't
doing anything I was just like a leaning
on Jared's shoulder we were chilling
minding our own business I don't like to
start shit I don't like drama I don't
like to put my life in danger I'm kind
of a small girl and these guys are just
like what you want something you want to
fight and TJ's like no I don't want to
fight it and they're like why are you
looking at us like that then why are you
looking at us and I'm like can you guys
just stop and that's what I said because
I figured that these people were just
looking for trouble they were just
trying to be cool for whatever fucking
reason I don't know maybe trying to like
impress modele or me I don't fucking
know what the fuck they were doing or
thinking the guy's friend tells me to
shut up and Jared's like nudging me to
like shut up okay so I don't love the
idea of my boyfriend being complacent in
this situation but the only thing I hate
worse than being a pussy is being overly
confident in a very stupid way these
guys had the stature and the intent and
the aged over Jared and it was very
smart of him not to want to get involved
and I agreed so I showed up TJ was
pretty
you could tell he was shaking he was
freaking out a little bit and this guy
was like a pretend macho man he was into
football
he was short and stocky but it looked
like he worked out a little bit
had a huge fucking ego and if you watch
my foster sister story I think he
actually put his hands on Miguel a few
times but I think he did care about her
just you know guys like that who put
their hands on women and their fucked up
in the head she had bruises on her
Mountain up and from him who knows
whatever let's just not go into that so
these guys start getting more
belligerent and angry and they're like
grabbing TJ by the shirt right and they
just go off and decide to fucking punch
TJ but they barely nicked
TJ's face and it went past TJ's face and
hit modele square in the jaw like really
hard like these guys just straight-up
punched modele in the face and I'm
sitting there like oh my god what the
fuck are we gonna do like how the fuck
do we get out of this situation we're in
a really bad neighborhood right now
we're stuck on a bus that's moving
everyone around us is not doing shit
they're just minding their own business
cuz they don't want to get involved in
this which makes perfect sense to me I
don't know what we did to bring this
down upon ourselves it's just so awful
Mattel is now crying hysterically
obviously and I'm like leave her alone
and they just keep ignoring me they're
ignoring me they're ignoring Jared I
don't know if it was because Jared was
too skinny to bother with and TJ looked
like he was more of a target or more
their size even though he was like half
their height I don't fucking know but in
all of the commotion at some point the
bus driver actually got up and was like
you guys need to leave he stopped the
bus early he told them to get off they
started arguing with him and I was like
why is this bus driver so full of balls
isn't he just gonna get stabbed or
something and I was worrying about them
having a knife but it looked like they
were only using their fists TJ didn't
really retaliate when modele got hit in
the face he kind of just shut up which I
don't know I can't judge him for that
these guys were bigger than him and then
as if it were an act of Shenron himself
we had gotten all of the dragonballs
together and we were like please get
these fucking assholes off the bus they
decided to go whatever fuck this and
leave the bus and they didn't pay for
their two second ride that they got and
the bus driver just sat down and kept
driving and we had a good time downtown
and it wasn't too awkward that we all
hated each other but that was a very
very interesting experience because
usually at least when someone ends up
deciding to fuck with us like if it's me
or J or something it's because I'm
dressed sexy
and that person wants to show up my
boyfriend or my boyfriend looks like a
macho guy so they want to pick a fight
with him
or it's like downtown outside of
nightclubs and you know people are drunk
so they want a fight or something
there's usually like a reason but it was
like in the middle of winter we all had
big jackets on we were minding our own
business we weren't even like having a
good time as like a group of friends
being loud and annoying and they just
like saw us as like the main threat on
the bus it wasn't a gang thing I don't
know what the fuck possessed these
people to go out of their way to hit my
friends in the face but I don't know is
a fucking insane experience that I will
never forget one that I thought of
recently I thought it would be a good
idea to share with you guys because it
was really fucking weird and I promise
you guys before you say oh you had you
have to have wanted it you had to have
done something there's nothing that we
could have said or done that makes it
okay to inflict physical violence on us
unless we inflicted physical violence on
them first I hate it when people say
that because of someone's opinions
because of a racial slur because of
someone being too loud because of
someone being annoying that it's okay to
react too violently it's absolutely not
okay people are allowed to have their
opinions and have their freedom of
speech and it is never okay to inflict
violence upon someone just because you
disagree with them even if it's really
strong even if you feel like you're a
hundred percent objectively in the
Wrights don't pick the physical fights
with people it doesn't make you look
cool especially when you're twice as big
and a lot older than the people you pick
fights with I actually feel like it's
quite weird that we didn't call the cops
or anything at that point anyway I have
a few story times that I have ideas for
there's one where I actually went on a
car stealing adventure with Jared the
one time I actually did usually it was
like me and a car and I'm like is this
your mom's card he's like no and I'm
like fuck him in a stolen car but this
one I actually decided to go with of my
own accord
as a miner I'll mind you and I'm
assuming the statute of limitations is
you know passed on that one so if you
guys want to hear that story let me know
if you guys want to hear more sex
stories or more regular story times I'm
sorry that these are a little bit
shorter I feel like short and sweet
story times are nice but I feel like I
could totally get better at telling a
story to where I give more details and
in-depth descriptions so that you guys
actually feel like you were there I
don't know I'm not a story time channel
let me know if you guys enjoyed this
please do like the video and subscribe
to the channel if you did there are two
links or two video pictures over there
on the right if you guys want to click
it on the end screen also I have a
gaming
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games and
a twitch stream twitch.tv slash Tyra
Babcock I love you guys so much and I
will see you on Instagram at Tara
Babcock and on Twitter at Tara Babcock
you guys are fucking amazing let me know
if you've had anything similar to this
happen to you do people just randomly
pick fights with you for no fucking
reason because I feel like my entire
life has been like I don't know if this
area is safe and I'm gonna mind my own
business but it's not gonna work kind of
situation one of the reasons I don't
like Seattle as a whole I feel like
there's a lot of like wannabe gangsters
here that just want to pick fights with
random people I just wish people would
leave people alone and people would
specifically leave me alone love you
guys I'll see you in the next video
yeah by the way how awesome is my new
vlog II stick it's not a selfie stick
it's a vlog you stick it actually has
the Bluetooth so that you can take a
picture if you're using your phone but
I'm using Vlad and Vlad doesn't have
bluetooth connectivity which is kind of
annoying but I'm really excited to use
this let's actually put in some footage
so I can show you kind of what it's like
hey guys I can actually send this like
10 times longer so if I want to show you
more of me if I want to show you the
surroundings it's really cool I can't
wait to vlog with this thing I can't
wait to take it out and do something and
actually do like an out and about vlog
for you guys and I can't wait to start
doing more of live vlogs with it because
it's gonna give me a lot more mobility
like I can go like this and then it's
much farther from me you know like woah
oh my god I love you guys
per look exactly like me how about that
can I turn this concert like oh I want
to see her asshole what I'm doing the
hair you know is this the one I had
before or no you turn your head you
fucking cunt should I just go with like
this I mean what the fuck is most like
mine this is what I used to have all of
them are cute you know what I'm saying
I'm sorry
