cool so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
I don't know this fuck I'm vlogging
about tonight I think this is going to
be the I've been so horny lately video
so yeah let's talk about how horny I
have been lately
it's weird okay so I just recently read
a comment from a friend of mine from
high school her name's treats the hi
Tricia if you're watching this oh my god
I just almost knocked over piccolo
anyway she mentioned that I have been
working out a lot lately which I have
been doing a lot of like sometimes I'll
do like 500 calories worth of cardio and
stuff and she mentioned that it might be
the fact that I am increasing my system
by increasing the amount that I'm
working out and stuff and I've also
started doing a bit of weight training
as well so I usually don't do that until
I'm like my ideal my around my ideal
weight and then I incorporate some
weight training too because I can't
really see what's going on with my
muscles
you know before I'm at a weight where
you can actually see past the fat to see
the muscles and I don't want to end up
being thicker than I want to be because
in my opinion based on my aesthetic
women with a lot of muscles are like not
that attractive so but I've been having
a hard time getting past a certain
plateau in my weight loss so I've
incorporated a little bit of weight
training early because you guys should
know by now as a human being that muscle
burns more calories than fat because you
know you have to work harder to maintain
it low let a little let's talk about
fucking boring shit let's talk about my
pussy and how wet it's been oh my god so
the last couple weeks I swear to God
when I it's like this happens to me once
a year too so I'm not a hundred percent
sure if it's the working out thing and
yeah hi people who watch my fucking Vlad
vlogs for deep fucking philosophical
content this is not going to be one of
those this is more of like a sitting
over there with my Nintendo plushies
vlog where I do something sexy and
people listen to me talk about sex and
they really enjoy it because a lot of
people are really acting like that's
taboo and I don't do that
so yeah it's one of those it's not a
blog vlog where I talk about you know
fucking good shit smart shit
so um once a year or something I get
extra horny I don't know what it is it's
not my period because that happens once
a month a lot of people say that women
get horny are on their period I feel
like I'm just consistently all the
fucking time horny so that's probably
not the case for me I don't know it is
kind of frustrating because Jay won't
have sex with me on my period and so I
just end up like sucking dick or like
masturbating or something which is great
I love both those things but if I don't
get fucking dick in me for like a whole
week it's kind of annoying I'm not going
to lie so um this past two weeks and
it's actually got tapered off a little
bit I've been just wanting to have sex
with people I don't usually want to have
sex with or it's not like I'm just like
going for anyone it's like guys that I
think okay yeah he's kind of cute but
he's not really my type and you know how
I randomly get crushes on guys who
aren't really my type and stuff it's
something that happens occasionally I
don't know usually it's like a tall nerd
or something and I feel like I'm just
going to add tall nerd who seems
intelligent to my type because that's
one of my types I guess because I end up
being attracted to Dwight from the
office kind of guys randomly but
obviously usually more attractive than
that because Deutz you know purposefully
trying to be ugly
there's I like Rainn Wilson he's from
Seattle and from Seattle he's cool dude
but anyway um so I I did this one thing
and I haven't told you about it because
he made fun of me for a DMing this
bodybuilder guy so he's going to make
way more fun of me when you all fucking
watches my video and sees this but okay
so if you guys don't know this about me
I've been having some issues with my up
stores and EPS stores
upstairs neighbors and I've been talking
to the people who work in my apartment
office about it and I've been trying to
find some resolution and at some point
I'll make a story time video it's an
insane insane issue with my upstairs
neighbors that I've actually thought
about murdering them obviously fantasies
I have to say for legal reasons are
different than actual reality I am a
law-abiding citizen I have no priors
and so it's but it's been very very
difficult right and there's this kind of
work in the office he's like really tall
weighs like 64 or something and his name
is Liu Kang
I'm soft I feel like I shouldn't be
saying his name maybe I like bleep it or
something let's change his name right
now to Liu Kang I'm looking at fucking
my Mortal Kombat ps3 game so Liu Kang
has been the one who's been I don't know
why he's the one is always responding to
my email saying that my upstairs
neighbors need to fucking jump off a
cliff and die but there was also this
one time that I went and there was
Soylent after I got had gotten my boobs
done there was a thing of Soylent and I
don't know if you guys know but imagine
like a case of water something like that
heavy or a little bit heavier and I
can't carry that stuff after breast
augmentation you're not allowed to carry
anything over five pounds for I think
about a month so I went to the office
Jai was in a league game and I really
wanted to try or no yeah it was a cup of
coffee I needed more coffee
for my breakfast and or something and I
want to have a coffee of so I went to
the office and I was like hey Lu can can
you come down and I carry the thing for
me and like we had like a conversation
and it was it was kind of funny he was
like um so why can't you carry this
yourself is it something to do with your
background like oh I got my boobs done
it was kind of awkward after that but I
don't know he was cute I never like
wanted to do anything with him I just
thought he wasn't gross you know and
this last few weeks I've been feeling
like I'm just like super horny and I
want to flirt with people I want to talk
to people and I wanted to take me into
one of the rooms that they're showing
that are like fully furnished to like
make people move in here and it's like
beg me over and fuck me or something but
I I don't know if I was going to act on
any of that I would just like you know I
kind of like indulging I've been
asserting with more guys that I usually
for it was to like usually I get sick of
texting and then I like don't text
people back even though I like the
person I just end up not texting people
often like some of my best friends I
don't text back like almost ever and
then sometimes when I do have a little
extra time I'll text them but I don't
know texting is just boring so um one of
the times that I asked like so when are
the guys upstairs moving like you have
any updates for me because it's been a
it's been the worst situation I also
said hey are you the only person who
reads these or do does the rest of the
leasing office get a copy and he was
like oh no it's only me I was like hey
you know I think you're kind of cute we
should flirt and dude like I swear to
god I need to stop conversating without
her have you watched my my celebrities
who projected me video but the youtuber
I talked about in that video how he's
been like ghosting me and shirking me
and like looking at all my pictures on
Instagram and all of my stories on
Instagram like all the way through but
then like won't respond to my text like
that guy that guy like this is so much
better okay so I give him my number and
I say if you're interested text me if
you're a student flirting with me and
stuff text me if not that's completely
fine if you have a girlfriend or
something
and what this is how you are supposed to
respond to someone this is we said hello
Tara this is Luke hang up in the office
I figured I'd respond to a text and keep
work separate from personal affairs
thank you for the compliment you
definitely made my day and I'm in no way
offended by your offer
pretty sure it's impossible to offend me
anyhow that's awesome I like people like
that and then he says however I'm in a
relationship at the moment long distance
which is challenging but we're going to
try to make work yeah that's how you're
supposed to handle this shit not like
being awkward about it being offended
fucking okay so that's a youtuber from
the youtubers who rejected me video he
looks like you know short hair that's
kind of hot I like the short hair look
but I've never never fucking cut my hair
short so um like I cut my hair short in
fifth grade right this is gonna be all
over the place because I just feel like
vlogging today and I didn't have
anything planned I hadn't been thinking
about the philosophical topic that I
warned to blad vlog for the entire day
thinking about what I'm going to say and
the arguments I'm going to make it
wasn't like that it was just like you
know I should fucking a five vlog before
I go stream I have a little bit of extra
time I have to stay up until like 12:00
or 1:00 or 2:00 today anyway so whatever
but um where the fuck was I in my
conversation what was I saying to you
guys what was going on what is my life
right now what what okay we're just
going to move on from here oh yes so the
youtuber I
messaged him the way I usually message
people the way I messaged Liu Kang from
the office and um Liu came from the
office tones like because I talked about
Dwight from the office the show I'm
talking about from my leasing office if
that doesn't make it so
so the youtubers was like super into it
he's like yes we should be friends at
first and like all flirty with me and
then all of a sudden any time I said
anything flirty he would ignore me but
then if I said anything to him that
wasn't flirting he would respond to me
and I was totally not responding for
like why can't you just straight-up tell
me one I'm not interested or two I have
a fucking girlfriend or three you know
just like be fucking honest I hate like
people who beat around the bush and for
someone who's as blunt as I am this
wasn't supposed to be about this anyway
like j-just look sexier than ever and
he's getting so fucking slow like oh my
god and I'm like you have to fuck me
every single door and if you mess up
there I'll kill you like that's how I've
been and then I'm also wanting to you
know flirt more respond to texts and
stuff and I don't know I feel like it's
a combination of me working out a lot
more and being healthier I feel like it
sucks that the healthier I get and the
more fit I get the more I'm just going
to want to like be fucking everyone I'm
attracted to you know but I've been
pretty good so far I mean I've only had
sex with 1011 people like that that's
pretty good I'm pretty picky and I feel
like if everyone who I wanted to have
sex with one no sex with me or wherever
I would definitely have doubled that but
no more than that no more than double
that and I feel like it's so funny and
it's so easy for people to say oh she's
a slut or or she would have sex with so
many people when they're a guy who
doesn't have many options but as a
female in society the dating scene is so
fucking easy for me especially as a
mainstream attractive type of girl where
leg this is what a lot of people like
and especially how open with sex I am it
should be like I should haven't had sex
with like thousands of guys by now and I
definitely could have had sex with
thousands of guys so like just like the
fact that I don't do that the fact that
I decide you know to be pretty exclusive
of who I have sex with and you know I
want to actually kind of enjoy that for
company unless he's really hot like
let's say this Luke Han guy like let's
say I didn't want to have sex with him
which I hadn't yet decided
or that youtuber guy like if he ended up
being like really cringey awful piece of
shit you know I always have Jay at home
who's like going to be infinitely better
the only reason I even enjoy the
non-monogamous lifestyle is for girls
like having threesomes tough with Jay or
like messin RL girls and because it's
really fun the chase the the flirting
the meeting someone new that seeing what
someone is like in bed for the first
time all that stuff is what interests me
and like I just don't give a shit at all
if they aren't into me and I'm into them
I'm like oh yeah okay I'll go home and
have you know better not like okay I
make it sound like I'm salty I'm not
salty I'm like okay you know whatever
I'm already gonna have sex tonight so
that's fine but I just feel like
exploring different like the fact that I
know how good Jay is because I've had
other dicks and I've been allowed to
experience of their dicks well I knew
what his dick was like is it makes our
sex even hotter you know what I'm saying
it's like hard to explain but I'm
definitely a very lucky girl who gets to
be one of the versions of mainstream
attractive who can get most guys it's
funny how it's funny how like much of a
failure in the quote unquote dating
scene I am like I feel like it should
give people hope you know like as a
woman a woman being turned down by a guy
like so frequently like I am or whatever
and then just like brushing it off as
like oh yeah who cares I feel like that
like a lot of people have said that
that's interesting to them and then it
makes them feel better about like
everyone has shitty quote unquote dating
situations I feel like the thing that
bucks me over the most is that I'm so
blunt and I feel like if I was a guy or
if I were a guy and some like really hot
chick messaged me and she's like oh my
god it can suck me I would either think
she's like a fake profile or I would
think she has like a hundred-thousand
STD so I think it's really rare and I
was talking to this youtuber that I do
flirt with not the like piece-of-shit
one that won't so he's not a piece of
shit I still like his videos I still
think he's probably
be a cool guy I just feel like he's
shirking his duty to be honest with
someone that is just like the basic
human gratuity that I am expecting you
know like for me to think that he's an
ultimately really cool guy he has to
like tell me what the fuck is up even if
it's hard to tell you like I would be
like I'm sorry I'm not interested there
was a recently one of my viewers who has
become a really close friend of mine
asked if I would ever fuck him when
people often ask would you ever fuck me
especially when they're doing the selfie
reviews on patreon or wherever and I'll
just be like no you're not my type and
I'll always add in just in case they get
super offended like that doesn't mean
that you're objectively ugly that
doesn't mean that you're not attractive
it's just like I have a very specific
set of tastes and you you know don't
fulfill it and I'm just like honest
about how much like hang out maybe I'll
maybe you're like what the fuck just or
like ignore the message because I'm too
much of a fucking pussy to say like what
I want to say what I mean to say that's
really annoying but anyway yeah the
moral of the story is I've been really
horny lately and yeah on more and more
sex and I like flirting more like
sometimes I'll feel like other than J
I'm just like an asexual but doesn't
like anyone else and it's not it's not
like a forced to monogamy but it's like
I end up being monogamous for like a
year or something because I'm just like
not interested and like pursuivants like
the last two inch where it's like that
but then I get in this mode where I'm
like super horny and I'm like oh my god
like flirt less do you think reason and
then I'm like J fuck me 10 times a day
please and yeah that was where I was at
last week I'm getting better now though
I hope you liked this rambling random as
fuck this this reminds me of when I
first started my channel the tight that
like I was way less I was way less
well-spoken I was gonna sound really
retarded there but then I stopped myself
and that would have been incredibly
hilarious and ironic but I feel like I
wasn't myself as much I feel like I put
on a fake voice and I was eight you know
like but I still just sat there and
rambled about whatever the fuck was on
my mind and now I feel like I'm even
I'm even more in the position to just be
myself and it feels great to just be
able to talk to you guys like randomly a
Vlad vlog is going to be about fucking
nothing and I hope you guys enjoy that I
hope you guys enjoyed this video like
and subscribe if you did let me know
your thoughts on anything that I said
here today a links that way or for other
videos or whatever at Tara Babcock on
Instagram and Twitter Tara Babcock or
twitch.tv slash teardrop talk is my
gaming live stream music on flash
they're about cock games is my gaming
youtube and I fucking love you guys so
much thank you so much who watch more
wow wow
woah my mouth looks like a fucking sea
urchin anus well I love you guys I'm
going to go play some shin megami tensei
for on stream what
