is there anyone else in the world that
hates it when this strand of hair
separates from this strand of hair and I
look like this
or they look like this it's so annoying
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want anyway
welcome to this week's Friday time male
it is Friday and I have already been
working my ass off literally all days if
I look like shit if I look kind of
greasy it's because I am let's go and
just move on to into the segment where
we talk about the winner of this week's
giveaway this week do a winner oh no no
no no no no scrolling on my email I
think it's crispy but I'm not 100% sure
all so crispy sounds like crispy also
anything with a paean it sounds kind of
naughty don't know why reminds me of
penis yes this was winter is crispy
congratulations crispy he wanted a red
shirt and so I went ahead and bought him
a red shirt why who if I tell him that
he can't wear my amazing merch scream
gear.com flushed hair back off hashtag
Tara Babcock merch on Instagram and all
the social medias woo anyway we've got a
question today from Ben fan Ben stand up
would you rather never master it again
or never fuck a white guy again
honestly I thought about it and I was
like obviously never fuck a white guy
again because masturbating is really fun
and I don't really care but then I
thought about how jay is a white guy and
I completely switched it up and I'm like
obviously never master it again if we
can turn jay and do a black guy I'll
probably revert back to never master it
again one all right why that's the only
question of any substance at all that I
could find this week so please guys if
you want to ask me any questions post it
in the comments you might see it in next
week's Friday night mail which is pretty
cool because you know you know I want to
have that connection open will you ask
me anything and I answer it no matter
how ridiculous this is fan Friday which
means that I give back to you guys by
opening mail talking to you answering
questions and giving things away so once
again this week the giveaway link will
be in the description if you want a
chance to win an autograph eight-by-ten
a merch item of your choice or a steam
game of your choice go ahead and say I'm
just do it to do it's really easy follow
the link and did you
or at least one entry will be at least
at least I am feeling good I am tired
from all of the working but I am so upon
oh my god I know this is these are
leggings that make you look like you are
one of the people from the Scout
regiment or something in attack on Titan
oh my god
oh my God look at these leggings I'm so
excited with the mom immediately one
moment
oh my god where is my jacket one second
now I didn't totally cosplay wow this is
so awesome
I think I'm gonna wear this jacket for
the rest of the video because why not I
am so happy to have a set of leggings it
makes it so much easier for me to
cosplay like I can literally buy just
like a button-up white shirt in my
cosplay for someone who's in the Scout
regiment we'll be done oh my god this is
so cool thank you so much I don't know
if it was derpy you sent these to me or
if it with someone else whoever it was
you're fucking amazing these are fucking
great I have a leggings kick right now
like I am so in love with leggings so
this is like the best gift ever fucking
awesome I hope you guys have a wonderful
Friday - oh my god oh my god oh my god
neh fucking way so remember those weird
lips I got hard guys
a few weeks back that are supposed to
exercise your face and reduce wrinkles
or something I found a bondage version
that keeps your mouth open and it's kind
of like a ball gag it's effectively a
ball gag in red we have to put this on -
ha ha
ohhara oh yeah ha ha ha ha oh my god oh
god oh yeah oh yeah oh oh
obviously obviously I wasn't talking
about sucking dick I was talking about
using my odm gear to kill Titan because
you know I am the leader of the Scout
regiment Arwen's faithful mistress oh
yes oh yes I am
this is awesome I think this is
hilarious I actually think the holes too
small to fit a dick into so I think it's
just meant to be like a ball gag but I
love that there's actually
like Chinese space stretcher that's
supposed to have nothing to do with sex
so it's exactly like that just - the
black strap thank you for the gifts
whoever sent it to me oh we have a
package from Debbie I totally didn't
notice oh my god
Demi is so sexy so cute so pretty I'm
going to post her links in the
description because I fucking love her
so much he's the apple of my eye what
did she send me baby girl
okay she sent me some parchment it
literally is like some parchment
parchment dude and it says Tara first
off I want to let you know that's
sitting here writing a letter feels
really fucking weird but I wanted to
write you a letter for some time now
it just feels much more personal I agree
love letters love love letters love thee
love I've been wanting to tell you how
much you have impacted my life starting
off sometime in October 2015 I was 21
had no friends and was making horrible
life choices one night I was just
browsing YouTube when I came across a
sexy gorgeous blonde holding anal beads
in the thumbnail and the rest is history
so thank you for being you and then the
rest off camera oh baby girl I love you
so much expect a message on discord
tomorrow because today I'm just fucking
tired too fucking tired but you are so
fucking sweet I love you so much and
nothing nothing will ever change that
let's see what the fuck this thing is
also you have been an amazing friend to
me and I love you so much
bubble wrap the ships and some bitches
can't do their fucking job oh it's true
and she sent me to D Oh Demi you know me
so well you know exactly what I want
oh my god my favorite Oh NYX liquid
suede and NYX liquid suede in what color
is this one I don't know a car there but
they're really cute pinks let's try this
one on because I feel like I just
fucking wiped a bunch of it off putting
on that ball gagarina she knows my
favorite liquid lips brand that's how
you know she's a fucking keeper dude
when she knows your favorite liquid lit
brand hopefully I'm doing this right I'm
looking in the on the the laptop which
is kind of far away from me I bet if we
put this color on the outer corners and
then blended it a little bit it would
give that like ombre effect that I
always like doing
if I slept it up I'm sorry if I fucked
the whole video for you I'm sorry this
is like the best bubble wrap ever - by
the way it's like pink oh yeah how is
this sticking the enemy sent me her
boogers I don't know if you guys can see
this there's like some weird boogers all
over it Demi I will cherish these
boogers forever this is actually some
fucking eyeshadow and I know if I take
some of this on my finger I'm going to
get it on my new leggings thank you I
wanted to do some mochi eyes or at least
to learn how to better do smokey eyes
for a long time so this is really cute
and it comes in a little bag which Jamie
clearly gave me because these things do
not come in a little bag thank you so
much for the esp√≠a
it's Espeon right I don't know these
evolutions of ABS - well it's the fairy
ones it's not
Espeon it's a fairy fairy Eon I'm sorry
good I'm the first and second generation
Pokemon lover but this is really fucking
cute and I love you anytime I look at
her ten me I'm gonna think of your
titties and your butt alright let's move
on we can't give you too much attention
otherwise we're being defective my
parrot enjoy your gift from Nikolai raw
bird hi Oh are these the fucking Harley
Quinn legging could these gets be even
better I don't think so Harley Quinn
leggings oh my god these are so fucking
cool dude I have to put these on now and
then I can take this off and we won't be
so won't be so dorky well I'm not
talking dorky it's looking bad hold on
I'll be right back oh my god
these are fucking awesome oh I don't
know I love them so much oh it's like
being all the way Harley Quinn while
just wearing leggings oh it's so fucking
awesome dude
I don't know if I should assume that
Nikolai was the one who got me the
attack on Titan leggings but thank you
so much oh this looks so great you are
enabling my addiction to fucking
leggings and I really appreciate it
thank you so much Nick what I you are
fucking wonderful I'm gonna rip this ah
oh I'm such a fuckin badass oh yeah
well gift for you hi ter this is
possibly my all-time favorite Metal Gear
game
burst into singing Snake Eater
I give my life not for honor but for you
that was awful anyway enjoy her kid from
Adam see sneaky snaky er for the fucking
Nintendo 3ds you know what that means
that means I get to play it for you guys
on stream I can do a let's play and Adam
I 100% agree this is by far my favorite
Metal Gear game ever and I started with
one so this is fucking awesome and I
mean Metal Gear Solid 1 I played Metal
Gear many years later but Metal Gear
Solid 1 is the one I played the most and
first and I still think this one is
amazing the music is amazing the story
is amazing the ending is like so ha ha I
don't know what a Metal Gear Solid game
is going to be like on the 3ds I'm a
hundred percent willing to fucking try
for you guys if you want to watch
twitch.tv slash hair Babcock and thank
you so much derpy aka Adam see you are
fucking amazing dude oh and it's quite
funny that I opened em use gifts and
your gift
almost consecutively because you know
you guys have a thing now that it's
public knowledge I love spreading it
everywhere damn me and Adam sittin in a
tree Fu CK ing first comes love then
comes the BJ then comes jizan in the
butt oh it's a soft toy Plus game way
way to spoil my surprise customs you
fucking asshole oh no way around Pokemon
son no fucking way did you get me a roll
it it's turbo it's my chocobo I'm well
aware this is not a chocobo by the way
that's just what I need my Rowlett and
pokeball scones you are amazing and also
sitting on the grass I'm never playing
senran kagura game but there are so many
titties in that game at all oh oh you
are so awesome who said this to me who
sent it
there's a no steer Terra I I've watched
your stuff for a couple years now and I
think it's great to see someone remain
so fun and positive I think he's got Eve
oh my god it's like I'm reading a
question The Witcher got a great outlook
on life and you always managed to make
me smile I just wanted to say cheers for
all the fun vision stuff I originally
only intended to send you this game as I
rethought it digitally in a sale but
thought you might like it it's for ps4
which is region-free so it should work
no prob hope you enjoy it it's very
silly and fun and full of big boobs
I thought whilst I was at it though I'd
make this worthwhile and saw the Rowlett
plush when I was getting myself a little
I assumed to give an owl's or your
favorite animal you'd probably choose it
as a starter and Pokemon Sun which I
noticed he did so that we'd like one of
your own - this was written so amazingly
omaeda my favourite type letter of all
time I was hoping I might be able to
pick your mine - as I've been interested
in starting up a gaming channel or
something with my best mate because we
always seem to make each other laugh
when playing games so I thought it would
be nice to share that with others - I'm
not sure how to go about doing such a
thing
what I need to capture footage flash
record audio etc and what sort of
pre-production editing Suites
I'd need - if he might be able to give
some insight into that I greatly
appreciate it regardless though keeping
you and never change you're so much fun
and such an inspiration
best wishes Samantha oh yes I was also
wondering if you might be able to give
you some tips on eyebrow shaping I don't
post op TG and wealth I've been so for
years I just can't work out how to shape
my eyebrows properly and it's really
annoying
cheers again and rock on alright so for
the first question what you're going to
need is open broadcast software or
xsplit open broadcast software is free
and it's like the best one so I
recommend that I recommend not getting
studio and just getting a regular one
because studio can be confusing and even
though it has a lot more features the
features are basically just for people
who want to broadcast on multiple
streams or multiple screens which you're
not going to want to do I don't need it
so a starter is probably not going to
need it with that all you need is a
webcam and a mic USB or line in audio
whichever you prefer you can add that
and your gameplay screen and any
overlays you might make in anything into
AUB's and it's kind of like it shows you
the whole stream in a preview and then
you can broadcast live or you can do it
locally all you need to broadcast live
is a twitch.tv account and then on the
back end of the twitch.tv account you'll
get a stream key which you input into
the AAB and everything is through
obsoleted use all the open broadcast
software once again if you have any
other questions feel free to email me my
email is in the description
Frye brow shaping that's a little bit
different I have almost no eyebrows to
speak of but I do have like a natural
brow bone that I kind of follow my
advice if you're not very artistic or
you're not very dexterous and you can't
line your eyebrows properly I would
recommend watching nikkietutorials
eyebrow tutorial she does her eyebrows
really crazy with like three different
products and it seriously taught me how
to do eyebrows and if that doesn't work
you should go to someone to get your
eyebrows waxed and then maybe micro
bladed micro bleeding is like a process
where they like make little cuts and
then they put ink in there and it's like
semi-permanent and professional will do
it for you so they'll know what looks
good on your face hopefully that helps
and if you do go micro bleeding I make
it sound like a sports let me know how
it is because I've wanted to try it for
a long time it would be really nice to
the eyelash extensions and eyebrows
completely done so when I'm not wearing
make it looks like I'm totally wearing
makeup thank you so much baby girl
Samantha you are a fucking goddess like
a Rowlett this is also Japanese import
so thank you so fucking much for this
and for one of the games have been
wanting to try for a very long time yeah
you fucking Rock the next thing we have
is a box from Joseph Michaels I talked
about him a few times before but Joseph
Michaels is also a content creator here
on YouTube so if you want to check him
out his link will be in the description
he's a pretty badass guy we're pretty
good friends and I think this is like a
news present from him in the famine ah'd
sure Keira and J Christmas is it
Christmas with every good wish for the
lightest appear through a wonderful
Christmas and Happy New Year love Joseph
mom and dad Thank You Joseph mom and dad
oh my god there are so many presents in
here - Tara love mom and dad
oh my god it's - shirt battle of the
Death Star Vader and Kenobi this is so
cute they're all Chilean shit
this is like the Funko pop art it says
rogue one Star Wars and they're all
Funko popped out this is fucking awesome
thank you mom and dad
this one is from Joseph - Tara oh my god
no way it's okay it's a fucking luggage
tag Death Star how fucking cool is this
oh my god Spaceballs a Vader keychain
and another Vader comic book the shoot
toward war Darth Vader fans need to
check this book out
am in fact a Darth Vader fan fucking
awesome gift
Joseph seriously what the fuck this is
today for mom and dad oh my god we've
got some shirts for Jay too
how very thoughtful let's see what cool
shit he gets so there's this batman
shirt that has like sleeves attached to
it then there's a captain america
version these are really cozy by the way
they're like really soft i love having
an extended family of content creators
moms dads around the world
this one is today from Joseph Batman The
Killing Joke what the hell I want this
and a Robin comic Robin - The Joker's
wild oh my god Thank You Joseph
you're fuckin a badass his channel is
called the adventurous Joe if you want
to check it out he does review the
things he talks about nerdy stuff all
the time and he's a good friend of mine
his links will be in the description do
check him out and he doesn't leave Jay
out which is pretty cool also thank you
mom and dad
mwah the Michael's family is amazing
love you guys because what we have some
fucking Amazon Prime boxes hi Tara I
heard you're a big fan of Jesus so I got
you this book love Donald follow me on
Twitter at Pio T us oh there we go
become a better you seven keys to
improving your life every day Joel
Osteen oh god he's a pastor of America's
largest church and he's photoshop's to
shit out of his orange assface first
time you didn't send me something that's
going to clutter up my entire house
thank you I appreciate that
but you need to up to troll
this is actually the coolest thing
Donald a K at POTUS on Twitter has ever
gotten me do not be as a critical allow
equal time for other alternative
theories like Flying Spaghetti Monster
ISM which is by far the tastier choice
this is really cool all right we have a
box from Sean black who never let me go
in SN n without making me feel bad that
he spends way too much time and energy
on making me happy not that I'm not
fuckin appreciative because oh my God
look at this look at it oh it's fucking
Mario tumblers and not like the kind of
tumbler that has too many feminists but
the kind of tumbler that I can put water
or Soylent or juice into oh my god this
is so cool Super Mario Brothers crew
sock it's Connor Connor is one of my
favorite assassins I know a lot of
people don't love him that much Ezio is
my all-time favorite I also like Evie I
don't know I have a lot of favorites
Connor I think was in my second Connor I
have like a really gigantic Connor -
it's funny oh and I also have an Edward
I have an Edward as well this is fucking
awesome and last but not least something
I'm going to have to wait to use before
I move because there's no fucking way
I'm ruining it on an apartment
SuperMario decals who's got Mario those
Super Mario logos got a coin and a
mushroom and this is my fat head I love
it Oh Sean you are fucking just the
bestest ever like what the fuck I love
you so much I love all of you guys so
much I wish there was something in this
right now because I am very fucking
dehydrated I really appreciate it please
post in the comments any questions you
have for me for next week also in the
description I called and linked to the
giveaway free stuff
why would you hurt yourself by not
taking advantage of free stuff that I am
giving to you free of charge because
free free stuff do it and yeah check out
the people who I link in the description
because those people are fucking awesome
they contribute to me they help me
they're so sweet and I love them very
much thank you very Thank You Samantha
thank you Joe Thank You Shawn Thank You
Adam thank you anyone who sent me
anything at POTUS on Twitter and
everyone else I love you guys so much
there will be two videos this way on the
end screen you can check out if you are
not done do
the terrorist shit and you know dick
binky look it up it's a thing I love you
guys Mel see you next week
this shit is perfect oh now I have to
clean up I love you mwah Demi
