so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want what's
up guys and welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail this is not a live
episode in case any of you are watching
here right now confused this is a
pre-recorded episode hopefully that's
obvious I have a lot of people on Twitch
coming in going like is this a vodcast
when I'm streaming live so who knows the
level of IQ of the person who's gonna
stumble upon this video maybe there is
someone out there that can do cuts live
I don't know I would like to meet them
though because I really do like cut up
content eves is like falling off the
thing back there you can see your tail
look there's a little tail you've come
down here alright guys this is our only
package for the week it says gift inside
on the top though so I think it's a
hopeful hopefully not from Donald
package or if it is from Donald I hope
it's one of his epic gifts not one of
those mediocre leafblower esque gifts
but before we do that I want to announce
last week's giveaway winner if you want
to sign up for this week's giveaway link
as always in the description down below
you see the thing shaking back there he
was gonna fall on her face come here
baby
she won't come that's what he said so
this week's giveaway winner is Anthony C
congratulations Anthony C he chose to
get the Amazon gift card as always you
can get the Amazon gift card or the $25
subscription to my twitch channel that
one is my preferred if you know what I'm
saying
Anthony I hope you buy something
wonderful on Amazon okay let's get into
these questions we have three questions
for the week the first one is from
dickhead
he says why don't girls like you get
AIDS I can tell you precisely why I
don't get AIDS and in turn why girls
like me don't get AIDS and that is
because first of all we're not in the
demographic to contract HIV I don't have
a ton of anal sex especially with other
people who have had anal sex also I
never practice unprotected sex with
anyone but J and J does not either if
you're gonna have sex with more than one
person or even if you're only having sex
with one person you should get checked
often and you should have safe sex every
time without exception that my friend is
a very serious answer to your troll
question Elijah Gopal says YouTube
casting
ouch ylim ow that's yeah that's kind of
what this is I'm gonna have bitches come
over an audition to be on my channel and
then I'm gonna tell them all the sexual
favors that they have to endure of mine
and then he says a question would you
ever do a collab with Zooey burger so
I'm not the type of person that's out
looking for collabs as you can tell my
channel is devoid of any other content
creator and I don't really do even
off-site collabs I personally would
never do anything for views or fame
or even my own benefit which is kind of
a downfall of mine if it's not
comfortable to me if it doesn't make me
happy I'm not really willing to endure a
couple hours with someone I don't enjoy
and from what I can tell of Zooey
burgers personality I wouldn't like her
as a person and I most certainly don't
like her style of content I know a lot
of people try to conflate me with her or
say that I'm like her she's like me and
whether you watch my channel and her
channel for the same reason titties and
ass or something we have completely
different styles and completely
different reasons I would presume for
making content I just don't think we
would be a good fit and even if she is
completely different in real life than
from her content I still wouldn't make
content with her hope that answers your
question there are very few youtubers I
would actually make content with but
there are a few there were a few and our
last question is from Robert John he
says question what are some tips to
eating pussy like a pro so I think I've
made a whole sex ed video on this and
I'll post that down in the description
if I remember to do so I've literally
been folding clothes and cleaning the
house all day since like 10:00 p.m. and
it's like 11 a.m. now so I'm pretty
tired and I have to edit this video and
get it up same day it's gonna be rough
hey so anyway I'll give you a little bit
of a rundown of that video and a few
quick tips the first thing you need to
know about licking pussy is to not stick
your tongue in and out of the hole as if
that's what you're supposed to be doing
when licking pussy licking pussy is a
hundred percent about the clit and if
you move your tongue anywhere else that
is not the clit it better be just like
for an accent amount of time you know
you're like you're focusing on the clip
but sometimes you go around you go to
the hole a little bit tickle it most
women can actually not orgasm from
vaginal penetration alone of a whole
dick a whole dick much less just your
tongue and diddling around the opening
it's definitely the easiest for women to
come when you're fucking with their clit
clit with vaginal penetration is the
best so try
using your fingers while also using your
tongue when you find that little nub of
a clitoris if it's a little bit rigid
and hard and full of blood then she's
aroused cool tip it's kind of like a
penis not to turn anyone off here try
your best not to focus too hard on the
tip of the mound of the clitoris because
that place is extremely sensitive try
like right on the sides or right on the
top right on the bottom every woman is
different try new things eventually
you'll kind of get the hint as to what
makes her cum really fast and if you
don't just ask her hopefully your woman
is not afraid to masturbate and knows
what she likes all right guys thank you
for the questions if you have any for
next week please post them in the
comments I'm not sure if I'm gonna be
doing a live FM next week or a
pre-recorded one probably a pre-recorded
one because my schedule is like
completely backwards and I am NOT gonna
fix that shit by next week most likely I
do enjoy interacting live with you guys
though it's a lot of fun alright let's
let's see what's inside this mega box of
mega awesome oh yeah what's inside this
box girl what's inside my box it says
hey Tara you finally added a pair of
shoes I hope you like them from Cody Oh
Cody I knew it was you who bought me the
shoes because I put the shoes on my wish
list and then like three days later they
were bought alright alright guys the
moment of truth I'm gonna show you these
shoes these are shoes that I can get
behind because they are not high heels
woo oh yes oh yes mother fucka
glow-in-the-dark attack on Titan wings
of freedom Scout regiment shoes yes with
laces
they're like hand-painted too but they
actually are glow-in-the-dark which is
pretty cool please let them fit in my
feets they fit my feets alright I'm
gonna give you guys a good look at these
here they are in all of their glory it
look really fucking cool they actually
fit too Thank You Cody
you're a fucking badass dude these are
amazing I'm really glad that they fit as
soon as I saw that they were from like
China or something I'm like fuck I know
them Chinese women's have much smaller
feet than I do but these are fucking
cool hopefully the paint holds up
because if the paint doesn't hold up I'm
gonna be like super sad these are really
fucking cool it's like all galactic and
shit too I can't wait to wear these
outside in the dark it's gonna be fun ok
so since we had some time
I thought I would just sit and chat with
you guys and not really cut it up and
just kind of add it into the video so
last night I was coming back from the
gym last night meaning I woke up at like
10:00 p.m. like I told you guys then I
went to the gym and I was coming back at
like 2:00 a.m. and we have a gated
community here and I realized that it
was a totally new gate code system thing
so we type in our normal gate code and
it doesn't open and I'm like over there
trying to like pry open the fucking gate
with my hands like I'm literally almost
breaking the little control system thing
out of the ground trying to open it
hoping that there's like no cameras or
anything and the most retarded part of
it was that like the walk in gate had
been broken open the day before so they
came and they replaced the box with this
new futuristic box that doesn't have the
same fucking codes I'm not a homeowner
so I can't call like the homeowners
association associate association what
the fuck is wrong with me and so I'm
sitting there like oh my god we're gonna
have to park somewhere in the middle of
the night at like 2:00 a.m. and walk
home seems really creepy and we have to
like carry all of our important stuff
and leave Jays car outside of just like
fucking awful but we found our way in
going through a different gate that
hadn't been updated but that was like
really annoying I actually ended up
calling the the non-emergency number for
the police department and they're like
yeah we can't help you with that and I'm
like what am I supposed to do to sleep
outside tonight or like fucking take a
long-ass dangerous ass motherfucking
walk home like this is not fun and then
another thing I wanted to tell you guys
about is how happy I am with the
reception of my last video so last night
I posted the video about just my
thoughts on the me2 movement and stuff
like that and how it's doing more harm
than good and oh my god like almost 100
percent good comments and like the only
like rude or condescending comments were
just like oh you're a whore which is
like the standard stuff it's probably
best to assume that those aren't even
like related to the topic they probably
didn't even listen to anything I said
and they don't disagree they're just
like oh you're a fucking whore so yeah
that was really cool it's really
interesting when you think something
might be controversial and you might
think oh my god everyone's gonna say
your victim-blaming or that you're a
bitch or like trying to discount you
with
homes and then he turns out that
everyone is on board with you I'm
starting to feel as though I scared off
a lot of the people who think different
from me in such a way that they would be
angry with me politically you know with
the whole controversial people I'd fuck
video I kind of like when I cull the
herd of the types of people that watch
my channel by posting like controversial
stuff or stuff that stuff that's honest
about me that a lot of people won't like
like I'm popular opinions I kind of like
that I don't about it because on one
hand I like that there's more
like-minded people now in the channel
and it's less of the like bullshit
vitriol for people that are just like oh
you're a fucking whore now what you do
with your body is this casting back on
one hand that's cool you guys are much
more like patreon now where everyone
who's here supports me on the middle
hand the the the middle leg the like
penis leg it's kind of annoying because
I'm losing people who will dissent my
opinions and I like being dissented
against I really do I like having
conversations with people where I give
my perspective and they give theirs and
I try to change theirs or we just like
talk about stuff and we agree to
disagree at the end but at least we're
more enlightened on each other's
opinions you know like that's very
helpful to me in most circumstances
unless someone's just trying to be an
ass and they're never gonna concede even
if they know that I'm right I like
people who are willing to have open
enough minds to concede if they find
that I'm right but I am completely fine
with someone who you like continuing to
hold their opinion and agreeing to
disagree as long as they're not doing it
to hold on to their pride if that makes
any sense and then the last reason why I
kind of don't like it is because that
just means that there's less fodder for
Tara Reid's comments so yeah I don't
know I thought I would just tell you
guys that I really appreciate the
support on the last video though and you
guys are fucking awesome so to end this
wonderful but very short F&M I just want
to say I fucking love you guys I do not
deserve you guys Thank You Cody for
sending me the attack on Titan shoes you
guys are so fucking amazing seriously I
love you guys so much
let's boobs thank you and I'll see you
in the next video sorry if I move the
mic a little bit when I when I boobs did
you guys are wonderful amazing awesome
everything have a fucking wonderful
weekend Wow
tomorrow we will actually have a fucking
Caturday video of Eve doing like the
cutest shit fucking ever so I hope you
guys enjoy that as well thank you so
much bye
