hey guys today I have something fun sexy
and informative for you guys that's
basically the Tara Babcock video
trifecta isn't it
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want do you
guys remember this post on Instagram
where I asked you if you wanted to see
my bra collection well today we're
actually going to be recording that
video I'm super hyper and I'm super
ready to put on sexy bras and show you
guys things and also teach you how to
buy bras if you are a woman or a guy who
has a woman in her life or a girl that
has a woman in her life that has big
boobs and finds them hard to find bras
100% of the bras in this video except
for the one that I got from my surgery
that I wear sometimes as a sports bra or
to sleep in are from Victoria's Secret
so if you thought that you couldn't have
gigantic boobs and also where Victoria
Secret bras I'm here to tell you how
you're wrong and not know like
confrontational you're fucking wrong
kind of way but in like a there's a
pretty easy tip / trick to fit into bras
that you normally would not be able to
fit into and it's not like stuffing
yourself in them okay so before we get
into trying on any of the other bras
that I have here and showing you them I
want to talk about the bra sizing system
my actual cup size is an F and my actual
band size is 34 so my true bra size is
34 f do they carry 34 f in victoria's
secret no they do not and of course you
can shop for bras online or you can get
bras custom-made but this is expensive
time consuming and really hard to find
the perfect fit in regards to shopping
online bras are like shoes you have to
try them on you can't buy them online at
least in my opinion so how does the 34 F
fit into Victoria's Secret bra what I do
is go up one band size so 236 which
allows me to go down one cup size and
you guys didn't know 34 F is roughly the
equivalent cup size wise as 36 double D
when the band increases the cup size
increases as well so a 34d is bigger
than a 32 D cup wise and that's how I
exploit the system and wear bras better
D or double D year so I don't have to go
custom make my bras I just have to wear
the straps all the way tight and I have
to look for bras that have three claps
from the back or four but at least two
so that I can wear it on the tighter
clasp that way it kind of offsets the
fact that this might be a 36 but I'm a
34 another thing that I often do is all
wear a 36d and
of a double team because I prefer less
coverage so I can wear lower cut
cleavage shirts also I just feel like
double D and F size cups are just more
matronly shaped I can't explain it it
just covers so much most of the bras you
find or full coverage which does tend to
make sense because you want more support
but for me when I want support I'm
working out so I'm wearing a sports bra
anyway so it's not that big of a deal I
have this epically adorable mini bustier
bra in purple as well so all of the bras
here I bought within the last three
months so a lot of them might still be
available on the website so I'm going to
tell you what they're called this is a
Victoria Secret body by Victoria lined
Demi mini bustier let me show you the
purple version here we are
the purple version is actually one cup
size smaller so this is the D and this
is the double D so I can interchange
them when I want more cleavage or a
tighter fit one problem I do have with a
smaller bras or like bras in general is
that they're never perfectly fitted to
my boobs so often I'll have them riding
up a little bit on the bottom
I really haven't found a good fix for
this it's just something I deal with but
the mini bustier actually keeps things
in there better you like it I like this
one a lot this is also one of my
favourite bras and this is a dream
angels lined Demi and let me know that
it's probably good to stay away from
push-up bras especially if you have fake
big boobs because you simply just don't
need it and it adds weight and makes you
feel heavier I no longer own any push-up
bras and my life has gotten so much
better and bras have gotten so much more
comfortable nice ha this is one of my
favorites for sure and I also have this
one in pink this is really going to
match my choker in my lips today the
necklace not J change color ah I was
changing more actually this easy Kyle I
love the way my boobs look in this one
girls if you can find a dandy bra that
sixty well they they just do wonders
Demi usually refers to having a smaller
cup less coverage so that you can show
off more of the Tatas in whatever outfit
you're wearing the next probably have is
this green one this is a t-shirt bra
meaning that you can wear like a
racerback
or any kind of style shirt and it's not
going to show because look at the cool
back so unless you're wearing like
strapless it's not going to show I also
like bras the clasp in the front
although sometimes the clasp can break
and then that kind of sucks but
this bra is called this is another lined
Demi most of the bras that I have are
lightly lined Demi bras yeah I obviously
like to sprawl a lot but I don't wear it
that much because I feel like it's a
little pinchy here on the side even
though it pushes the cleavage together a
little bit I feel like it's just a
little less comfortable than the other
one but it is damn sexy and great for
racerback top I'm not a hundred percent
opposed to people seeing bra straps when
you wear a tank top but sometimes I just
like to hide it and make it look like
maybe I'm not wearing a bra or at least
a much showing off my bra and I often
wear a bra that's like the totally wrong
color from my outfit that's when
racerback brows are better this is
another one of my favorite bras I really
like the fringe here very pretty lots of
sequins oh my god this is a cute bra and
this is also I'm assuming a demi lightly
lined bra dream angels lined Demi in 36
D let's put it on
I like this bra a lot with like
see-through shirts or shirts they're
really low-cut where you can see a
little bit of the fringe coming out I
think that adds to the sexiness of it
and I I don't know I just really like
that it's hot just like this bra oh yeah
and don't forget to post in the comments
which bra is your favorite and girls
would love to hear any of my tips help
you out when buying a bra that is one of
three of the reasons that I made this
video in all honesty this video was not
just requested by guys I told you guys
girls like boobs - I know I do should we
save the sexiest bras for last I think
we should so our next bra is this weird
blue bra the straps here over the
cleavage and straps here actually I
accidentally bought this bra I grabbed
from a section that was supposed to be
more standard t-shirt bras because they
were doing like a two-for-one sale and
when I got home I realized that had this
Jen let's put it on if you haven't
watched my videos off and you've
probably seen this bra before and I
mentioned it's kind of weird that it has
these lines here I have a hard time
finding what to wear it with I'm
honestly inclined to believe that this
is a bra that's meant for just wearing a
bra and being sexy or it's meant for a
t-shirt that doesn't show any cleavage
really what do you wear this with I
weren't with a cardigan once that had
like a V cut you could see these lines
coming out and it was just like what is
that still a very comfortable bra and I
would definitely say it's good for under
a t-shirt or something the lines are
kind of hot just hard to wardrobe around
this is our next row and it is one
the most comfortable bras I've ever worn
it has enough tag does the information
printed right here I like that a lot and
it also doesn't have a band that shows
any bra lines on the back girls know
what I'm talking about this one is a
body by Victoria lined Demi as always
lines Demi or lightly lined Demi once
again no push ups just slightly line
should we put it on yes okay I honestly
like this one because it's soft and
really really comfortable and everything
is just like Oh feels so nice but it's
also still sexy and on the inside of the
cup it's dark so I can wear it right
after I spray tan a lot of my dark
colored bras are like white on the
inside and I eventually end up staining
them with spray tan all the flights of
females were so oppressed let's move on
to some Victoria's Secret pink t-shirt
bras and yes if you have big boobs you
can most certainly shop at Victoria's
Secret pink - as long as you're not like
an M I'm an ask so I can still do it and
most of these are Dee's they do actually
carry double D's as well let's start
with the festive one here it is I like
shopping at Pink's because they always
have really cute prints like girly
prints festive prints and the cute
little Victoria's Secret pink dog always
gets me every time
and if the quality of the audio the
beginning of this video was kind of bad
I just realized that my mic was pointed
that way and not toward me
so hopefully it's fixed now and
hopefully I don't have to redo this
entire thing I love you guys for
watching even though shall we go to the
sultry black same bra a different color
I really like black on blondes
especially pan blonds in my opinion it
doesn't make you look gothic which isn't
a bad thing if that's your style
they just provides a really nice
contrast between the really light blonde
hair the colorful makeup and skin and
then the pitch blackness of my soul
we've got one more in this style and
this is leopard print or cheetah
whichever BAM this one's actually a
double D so it fits a little bit less
snugly but it's really really
comfortable again I like wearing this
with a white see-through tank top
because I like the fact that the leopard
print shows through I find that to be
kind of a hot look what do you guys
think let me who doesn't love them this
is the last bra that I have I bought
this bra in the exact same size two
years ago when I had my old boobs but it
was the push-up
version like the version that had a lot
of padding in here well this is also a
quote-unquote push-up bra but it has no
padding it is called
the Victoria's Secret uplift semi Demi
Demi Demi sounds better and it
supposedly has a shape that pushes up
your boobs without adding extra weight
of padding it is a little bit more lined
than others that I have I usually prefer
no lining at all but it still has really
good bra and I like the gunmetal color
let me show you
tah-dah what's not to love super hot
dude for t-shirts just like all the
others and now before I move on to the
sports bras and the sexiest drawers we
have here this is what I wear after
breast augmentations got my hair on it
there are multiple classics from the
back made of cotton multiple classes in
the front got these are really big ugly
clunky straps but that's because it has
to be really comfortable so occasionally
I'll wear this to bed let me show you
what it looks like boom boom boom
oh I was supposed to be any other bra by
now not loud enough there we go so if
you have big boobs you don't like
sleeping without a bra at night or you
feel like you need more support when you
want to go braless and just chill and a
large t-shirt or something you can buy
one of these surgery bras they actually
come in small medium and large and I
think this one's a medium but there are
a lot of other styles and you know you
might as well just wear something comfy
sometimes it might not be as sexy but
still kind of sexy right I did say this
was my entire bra collection that I can
still fit into anyway
alright the sports bras you've seen in
my Instagram post I have a galactic one
and one of those gunmetal grey ones
unfortunately they didn't have any of
the cute pink ones in my size they only
one it's like see any flight that you
incur because you have big boobs or just
offset by the fact that big boobs are so
fucking awesome nothing against little
boobs I like my natural little boob in
fact when it comes to natural boobs
little is better in my opinion little
perky squishy love it you guys also have
boob privilege because you get to you
know wear whatever the fuck you want so
anyway this is Victoria's fourth and the
specific type is I'm not sure but these
are the ones that are like a double
bride clasps in the front then you zip
over it
I'll show you what I mean alright so
this is the first step to putting the
bra
by the way these are not wired all of
the other bras except for the two sexy
ones I'm going to show you at the end
have underwires and I know a lot of
people don't like underwire where's my
other one there it is but this is
actually non underwire done right in my
opinion it's double ply these are the
only sports bras I've ever had that
actually made me feel like when I'm
running like jogging my boobs aren't
bouncing like crazy and they're not
unbearably tight so you just zip it up
like so and you're done I feel like
every set of boobs no matter how big or
how small deserves a sports bra like
this I tried a couple the other Victoria
sport bras and they weren't that great
this is the one I wholeheartedly endorse
sexy sporty galactic interesting and
supportive let's put on the other color
pop so for these sports bras I found
that 36 actually fits me better than 34
even though my normal size is 34 I feel
like these run a little tight just so
you know the inner bra is black and the
outer zip up is this cool gunmetal grey
and this one is GG rather than D so you
can see there's a negligible difference
one is just going to be slightly tighter
than the other so unless you're having
some real fitting issues it's pretty
interchangeable I love these peripherals
so much all right for the grand finale
of all the bras we've got these two sexy
little no underwire this is what I use
when I want to wear those tank tops I
wear that go really far out and show a
lot of side boob I wear these for a
little bit of extra support because
let's face it my fake boob decide to
fuck out of gravity and I don't want to
sag early also the C's are just really
sexy
they'll be hidden in racerback tank and
the clasp in the front put it on I say
yes
BAM so hot it's almost like a bikini I
really like these two I think they're
super sexy great for racerback tanks
great for tanks that are going solo you
can see a lot of cleavage in a lot of
side boob and I definitely recommend if
you're a woman with big boobs still have
a little bit of support when you're
looking like you're not wearing a bra if
I ever go completely without a bra it's
usually less than 16 hours but sometimes
I go completely without a bra for a long
time thankfully I'm okay with corrective
plastic surgery so I've been 15 years I
start to Sag I can always get a fix
there are studies that say that
working your boobs is not good because
it makes the muscle atrophy but the
muscle isn't really what's keeping your
breast tissue up and if anything for
someone with fake boobs that go under
the muscle it's pushing them down do
whatever is most comfortable for you if
you go days without having any issues
with no bra if you're one of those girls
that gets sore after having your boobs
braless for a while doesn't usually
happen to me but put a nice supportive
bra on while you sleep or something all
right to finish with the perfectly color
matching a sexy as fuck
bikini / lingerie bra let's put this on
so Matthew matchi alright guys if you
enjoyed this video for whatever reason
whether it's just a little bit of
fanservice it was informative or you
enjoyed looking at my nice bra
collection and we're inspired to go out
and splurge a little bit for your own
like the video subscribe to the channel
check out the two videos recommended on
the right here in the end screen of
course I have a gaming channel
youtube.com / Tara Babcock games and a
gaming livestream it switches off TV /
Tara Babcock but the one that you really
want to follow if you're into these
kinds of videos is my Instagram at Tara
Babcock I'm also on Twitter at Tara
Babcock as well I really hope this has
been a fun video for you guys and I
would love to do more fun sexy videos
like I used to
they're more fanservice esque without
pushing the boundaries and actually
having a point I love you guys see you
in the next video muah
and remember there's nothing wrong with
enjoying a pair of boobs whether they're
your own mine or someone else's
