so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new episode of tech side
with Tara today we have a sponsored
video from admin it's my fucking
favorite the only sponsorship I am
taking still because I just love the
product so much and it's like my
favorite sex toy company not like it is
today's theme is my pick for Valentine's
Day gifts we have less than a month
until Valentine's Day which means you
have just enough time supporting your
orders at a demonium get 50% off almost
any one item by using the code Tara and
to get something for yourself or your
special someone if you're single it's
all the more reason to go ahead and buy
something from Adam and Eve because
you're probably a lot of masturbating I
promise you that's not a bad thing I
love masturbating so why not just
masturbate better with some of these
toys the first item we have here is this
sexy lingerie gown that will not stay us
because they only had large left and
even though it's not my size I decided
to go with it I don't really feel like
it's a big deal whether you get small or
large this is basically like a
one-size-fits-all kind of deal I mean I
can literally fit J in here with me and
even though it is very very loose on me
and it's not going to push up your boobs
in any way so if you're looking for a
push up this isn't it and wearing
pasties under here there's not going to
be a nip slip today don't worry I
definitely recommend it if you want
something that's kind of elegant and
high-class while also being just sexy as
fuck yeah you're basically nude anyway
the thing I love the most about this
dress and it's shown in this cart here
and I'll also show it on me is the back
the back is actually insanely gorgeous
it looks like some kind of beautiful
ball gown I want to have more lingerie
items for this video so stay tuned and
the reason I'm pushing lingerie so
heavily is because well come on it's a
great gift for your girlfriend or for
you for your man on Valentine's Day did
that make sense you know he dress up for
your man or you buy something for her
that she'll like so those Dyslexic
laundry the guys can buy they know what
about lingerie it doesn't matter your
gender or sexual orientation you can
find something sexy to wear for your
significant other or others for
Valentine's Day I mean they have like
man mono keaney's with like a hole for
the cock or like little spaces where the
cop comes out did I mention that you can
go to adamandeve.com use the code tear
and get to do percent off one item
free shipping within the US and yes they
do ship to other countries so yeah if
you're looking for one of those
aforementioned
lingerie pieces or something like this
and we've got you covered all right no
more advertising let's show you some
fucking sex toys all right the first
thing I got here is a cop cage it's
called a couple power cage I like things
like this because it adds a little spice
to the sex to the dick specifically you
put this on your dick and I'm actually
going to have to open it to see a J can
fit into it because if this was supposed
to be the tip he's not going to fit when
you put it onto your erect penis and it
adds a little vibe here that can
stimulate your clitoris and make you cum
much faster if you're a girl a lot of
women have a hard time coming just from
penetration alone so it's boys like this
can definitely give you a little extra
buzz I'm sorry I like fun looks good
okay I'll show you exactly what I mean
ow I opened it up and the vibe came out
and hit me in the leg this is a gummy
apparatus you stick the vibe in there so
accountants with the really fuckin tiny
batteries a lot of bullet vibes do that
to keep it small this actually has
multiple vibe speeds
okay so something I didn't realize at
first is that it has these little
Pickler's here I don't know if you can
see them but it's like little bumps and
ridges and that will help further
stimulate your clitoris and then here we
actually have an extra little sling to
put behind your balls if you put
something behind your balls you can make
your erection even harder cock cages
also make your erection even harder
because you're keeping the blood in
there you know harder erection more
powerful penetration everybody happy so
it looks like you can stick the head of
the penis on the outside of this you can
stretch it this way so it will probably
fit every penis size that's what's good
about gummy cages they stretch
and unless you're smaller than this
it'll probably work out for you let's go
ahead and check out this next thing and
put this thing on this thing all right
so we've got a pretty average looking
Adam and Eve vibrator but honestly I
love these kinds of vibrators I collect
them and I want tried to find the
ultimate vibrator I actually have a lot
of favorites and they're all shaped like
this with the clitoral bide here it's
like double stimulation and then if it
has the extra anal beads attached to it
it's like triple simulation double
penetration so this one in particular is
called the warming rabbit G on the back
it says this smooth and stylish silicone
vibe hides a sexy secret it heats up so
now you know why this regular sealing
dildo is a little bit special I've never
had a warming dildo
before I'm excited to see what that's
like I'd imagine it feels a little bit
more like actually having a penis inside
of you and it's not as abrasively cold
as most dildos are compared to you know
real human penises why did I stress
human do a simulation warming vibrator
heat to max temperature of 107 point 6
Fahrenheit that's interestingly specific
five function shafts with thick and
curved g-spot tips then if you're
worried about the curve on your dick
just know that you're shaped more like a
dildo for her pleasure oh and as always
with anything that's Adam me brand it
comes with a five-year warranty which is
really cool they take care of their
customers I like that let's pull her out
oh she's Pinker than I thought whoo I am
so happy with this dildo so far it's got
that soft silicone that I love it's hot
pink the clitoral vibe is like rigid a
little bit and in the vaginal g-spot
vibe also have a few ridges in it ha ha
ha ha let's turn it on and try it is it
is it is it charged all right it looks
as though it's not charged yet which is
fine we can always try it later here's
the charging cable now let's put on the
cupcake so I can demonstrate what that
would look like and you can use use cock
pages on your dildos so if you want like
a double whammy you're just like I
really need to get fucked by a dildo
tonight because I don't have a date for
Valentine's there and you can go hard
with a cock cage dildo duo haha I make
it sound evil but it's like totally not
this thing is as harmless as they come
as they come I'm like 12
sorry I had to take some footage for my
Instagram story so ladies if you're mad
that you don't have a date for
Valentine's Day and you want to feel
pleasure better than any man can give
you without trying really hard this is
your answer or alternatively men if you
want your girl to get into sex and learn
her body better buy her this she'll
probably be hornier women typically have
a lower refractory period especially
vaginally
so more sex for you keep having to pull
this up man also maybe she'll let you
watch it is important to note that
something like this cannot be used for
anal stimulation unless you just want to
use the tip here so if you're looking
for something for your anus I would
recommend you look elsewhere the next
item we have is the vaginal pumps I
wanted to try this I think it's really
interesting so these can be used for
aesthetic purposes to give you that like
fat juicy pussy that a lot of the porn
stars have but it also has an added
intensifier bonus so whenever you bring
a bunch of blood through the area kind
of like becoming arrests or aroused that
makes the area much much more sensitive
so using this on your vagina can make it
much easier to come I personally never
tried one of these myself so I'm
actually really excited about it
increase your sensations it says size
matters and on the back it says why use
a vaginal pump through a strong vacuum
you can increase the amount of
sensitivity in your vaginal area
increase the size of your labia the
vaginal cylinder is papered toward the
top to match the natural shape of your
anatomy for maximum comfort and the
cylinder contains a state-of-the-art air
valve that allows for quick and easy
disconnection from the pump while
maintaining pressure within the cylinder
cylinder holds pressure even after the
pump and two have been removed if anyone
else is excited to get this open as I am
oh yes we got up with people girl so you
put this in there and now it's latched
in there and you pump like this I
suppose you can also use it on your
nipple it's kind of shaped like a boob
as well we'll compare the quality but I
look long maybe that sounds like it
would be disastrous
I really should be careful when adding
comedy into an instructional teaching
video it's definitely sucking my boob in
there yeah it actually sucks pretty
quickly it has a really really good
suctioning effect
but you would have to have some kind of
rubber here but no it just Lexia
actually very excited to try this out
I'm like Laura Croft
except for my tomb our vaginal canal
anuses and penises and balls and the
rest of your body all the erogenous
zones yes let's move on
sex furniture we need some sex furniture
in this goddamn video perfect gift for
Valentine's Day especially if you've
been in a relationship for a while you
want to spice things up or you just like
to spice things up immediately
why does fuck not this is fetish fantasy
series adjustable door swing for sex so
I know this might make you feel fat
ladies but it is really hard for your
man to actually use all of his strengths
to hoist you up and keep you up there
while also keeping an erection so ladies
how about you get this for your man and
given some good sex with some new sex
positions without making him do all the
work this goes over your doorframe kind
of like those things that people use for
pull up with hopefully less near
fatalities here's a position you might
want to consider with this or something
like that
even something like this and look how he
just loves her anus you want to be this
happy check this out I would be a good
saleswoman wouldn't I my pitches so it
comes with the adjustable door string
two acrylic tubes and a free love map so
it actually comes with a mask well take
a little free weed that's cool why not
and it holds up to 300 pounds I'm sure
you could have some kind of threesome
with two girls in the swing and you do
some acrobatic shit yes this is what I'm
going to say about this product if you
want to do acrobatic shit without being
an acrobat and try some new easy
positions and sex this might be the
thing for you let's get it open it tells
you plastic bags can be dangerous for
babies and children I don't know why you
would have the remnants of your sex toys
anywhere near your children but I guess
there's no moral objectivity is there
moving on no more terror propaganda
we're just going to be unboxing sex toys
keeping it light we've got the love mask
here for those of you wondering what a
love mask is basically just a sleep mask
I don't want to put it all the way on
because I don't want to ruin my
eyelashes eyelashes over not seeing
what's going on in sex they can be fun
during light bondage and stuff like that
but I'm a very visual person I like to
see what's going on
all right this fucking thing is not
going to stay up which is good for sex
bad for making a video
all right so we
these two tubes which you put on the
other side of the door and you close the
door and it's like that it's really easy
to use they're adjustable so if you want
to go lower to the ground or higher up
depending on the height of your man /
woman who's the one on the floor you can
do that too - looks like this is just
interesting to me because you get to try
out new things and if it's a complete
failure or you don't like it at least
you try something new and that brings
more spice and experience to anyone's
sex life doesn't matter how long or
short you guys have been together as I
always say experimentation is key talk
to your partner try new things keep your
mind open this is keeping your mind open
I think I'm second most excited about
this one most excited about the pussy
pump alright guys here you go we have
got a binding passion paddle
I wanted a high quality paddle so we're
going to check this out first I'm gonna
read the back I was going down home for
a little bit but as buck says who
doesn't love a good spanking school boys
school boys don't love a good spanking
unless it's from a hot teacher alright
so it turned me on to this one in
particular is this vegan black leather
paddle delivers just the right amount of
bite on your lover's backside to make
them think twice about misbehavior
unwind the scarlet rope from the handles
for some extra fun using it to bind your
lovers wrists angles or both so it's
basically like a two-in-one light
bondage light paddling or you know the
Rope can just stay on and look cute
katanas always have rope around the
handles feels kind of like that yeah oh
that can definitely hurt and now I'm
going to be red right here for a while
it matches my outfit so I can leave all
set over bend over with a song as this
outfit came with get spanked show my
pasties get completely naked get on the
sex swing that I just got some foreplay
with my new dildo put the cock cage on
use the pump on my pussy and go to bang
town wow this is like really good it has
two sides it has a side with holes
I think the side with holes will
actually hurt more that's why it's like
the main side it's really bendable I
like that a lot and it seems like it's
really high-quality vegan leather I like
the way this inside on so I'm probably
never going to untie it because I have
plenty of bondage options already and
now for something completely awesome
something that I'm going to really enjoy
the Tiki is vibrating panties from Adam
and Eve so the pansy has a bullet in it
that can vibrate while you're wearing
the panty under something sexy where
maybe you're going out to a club with
your man are you going out to dinner I'm
going to see how loud this is because if
it's too loud it might not be viable for
going out into public but you can always
act like it's your phone or something oh
my god a vibrating panting we just have
to see this bullets actually black too
so very discreet even if someone is to
see you in panties and isn't supposed to
know that you have a bullet there I
don't know what situation that would be
whatever gets you off guys this is a
judge free zone contrary to popular
belief not every woman owns a pair of
black panties I actually like color so I
don't have that many okay like how the
bullet is also like mat oh shit and
apparently slippery ah okay so there's a
little pocket you know where like
panties usually have the protection for
like if you're having any discharge from
being aroused or whatnot well that is
actually a pocket on these panties where
you can stick survive in the vibration
abound alright so we gotta try this
pantheon alright so this is actually
really interesting I'm wearing the panty
right now I turned it on it does have
three speeds on the bullets can't even
talk anymore and this is I would say
this is a pretty it's kind of loud I
feel like you guys can hear it oh yeah
yeah I approve people would hear this
probably unless you go to like a really
busy nightclub but this is the whoever
invented this should get a gold medal
for sure alright we have well one more
thing let me take these off real quick
we have one more thing a vibrating panty
you've already been so good to me men
buy your girl a pair of these ever wear
it all day and by the time she gets home
she'll be begging you for the cock or
the pussy alright the last thing I have
is this piece of very confusing lingerie
this is what it looks like when it's on
you actually have to like put it on like
a panty hold on let me wait until it's
Focuses anyway you have to put it on
like a panty and then tie it around
yourself so I'm going to put this on
right now and briefly show you what I
look like in it because I'm not trying
to get a content strike but I really
love this this is like the antithesis of
the one I'm wearing right now they're
both sexy and they're both lingerie
obviously like something you used right
before sex but this one is less modest
and less elegant by a lot it's more just
like come fuck me now and unwrap me like
a package and it's really cool because
you actually do get to unwrap her like a
package because as you'll be able to see
in a second you tie a bow here you untie
it you you're completely naked so yeah
if you want to unwrap her like a present
this Valentine's Day
check out Adam need for that particular
item it is called the gift box
collection by Natasha de Paris had a
sect Pokemon on my mind apparently this
has been a very fanservice Friday II sex
edge but I wanted to show you guys the
best in all that is toys that you can
get for Valentine's Day
in a red and pink because we know that
just fit the theme of the holiday I
thoroughly enjoy this outfit I think
it's my favorite outfit and I highly
recommend you guys at least check out
the website adamandeve.com you can get
50% off with a code as I said before
Tara PA RA the code works on almost any
one item there are a few exclusions and
if you're in the u.s. you get free
shipping that is my gift to you guys
single or interrelationships for this
valentine's day I don't have Allie
celebrate Valentine's Day but anything
that allows me to celebrate my sexuality
and have a lot of extra sex with lots of
new toys oh yeah I'm a fan thank you
guys so much for watching like the video
subscribe to the channel check out the
two videos over there on the right to
end screen also all the information for
how you can get 50% off promo codes
links all that stuff will be down in the
description as always I hope you guys
have a wonderful fucking Valentine's Day
I know we're a few weeks out but you can
never be too quick with getting prepared
especially if you want to buy something
online love you guys and I'll see you in
the next video next sex ed we're going
to talk about how to come really fast
we're going to give you some tips for
men and women if you're looking to have
the ultimate quickie whether you're
masturbating or having sex see you guys
then muah oh and keep fucking hanging
off of your door or dressed as a present
now let's see what happens when we pull
this bow
