great and I bail oh we have a new some
nail I just recently did it I was like
dude we need to update the thumbnail I
always get a hankering I guess to
randomly upgrade everything I just want
everything to be in tip-top shape I want
it to be ever-changing and ever getting
better but you guys don't give a shit
about fucking thumbnail let's talk about
other things so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want
hey guys altitude you have sort of
farted right now oh yes this is the day
of the week that I give back to you guys
as much as I possibly can through
giveaways answering your questions
opening unboxing your mail and just
letting you know
once again oh absolutely and entirely I
appreciate you guys you guys are fucking
amazing
I would not be anywhere without you fans
and viewers are the reasons and
youtubers exist and I'm wholeheartedly
aware of that and apprehensive of
everyone who watches my videos and
supports me in any way and that's you
guys
even the haters alright this week's
giveaway winner was ladies
congratulations ladies lady wanted a
copy of what was that yes yes GTA 5 on
Steam I sent it over to him he already
redeemed it and I hope he's having a
good time playing if you guys want to
sign up for this week's giveaway the
link will be in the description all you
have to do is click and follow a bunch
of things on social networks and then
dev bet you can't win your choice of an
autograph eight-by-ten from me a piece
of merch from my online store which will
also be linked in the description or a
few game of your choice every week I do
one of these giveaways so if you don't
win this week or you didn't win last
week just try and patrons twitch
subscribers all that stuff you guys get
more points and the more actions you
complete the more entries you get before
we go ahead and answer some questions I
want to remind you guys that I do have
an Instagram and I'm actually starting
to use the fucking story feature on here
so we're gonna we're going to do a story
poster right now on fucking Friday night
mail hey guys recording Friday night
mail now you guys will be watching this
in the Friday night mare video oh my god
so cool I can't reach open you guys's
gift lol lol yeah so you probably
thought I'm Instagram jewelry following
but at Tara Babcock also at Tara Babcock
on Twitter
but the most important one other than
this one is my other YouTube channel
which is used to talk on flash Tara
Babcock games and of course my twitch
channels which says TVs last hair
Babcock tonight actually I'm going to be
doing a drunk stream I'm 99% sure with
my friend red so if you want to check
out the drunk stream of the month do so
link is in the description or you can
just type it into the browser there oh
yeah alright let's go ahead and answer
some your questions the questions I pick
to this week are pretty good this week
we have an absolutely burning question
from Raven winter who is a fuckin badass
love you baby girl she says question
someone asked me if you can breathe out
of your nose while giving a blowjob and
I was like I don't know I've never tried
so my question is can you I hope I don't
get made fun of for this long I know you
won't call me stupid
also I hope you check your Instagram
messages I sent you some spicy pictures
because you make me feel pretty as
always I love you you're a badass it's
funny because it was a long time ago
when I read this and decided that it
needed to be one of the questions of the
week and I called her a badass before I
remember that she called me about us so
I guess the feeling of badassery is kind
of mutual I am sorry that I haven't done
that Raven actually I have to go through
like a hundred thousand bigfix to see
anything in my DN box so I'm going to
try find yours but if I can't I'll just
follow you and it'll probably pop up in
my actual inbox oh the plight of
Instagram DM anyway breathing while
giving a head ok so I can breathe
through my nose while I'm giving head as
long as I'm not deep flirting too much
is actually interesting when you deep
throat all the way back into your throat
like way past where your gag reflex
starts activating that wonderful thing
that I can suppress because I love
sucking dicks so much it actually gets
kind of hard to breathe I think because
your nasal canal and your mouth and
throat are kind of connected that's why
sometimes when you start laughing when
you're drinking milk or something and it
comes out of your nose because the whole
area is connected so yeah I find it very
hard to breathe if I'm deserting but
when I'm not deep throating I can just
go to town forever and it's easy to
breathe Jenny likes to do this thing
where you hold my head down on his cock
and then I'm like and I can't breathe
for a long time then I pull up finally
to get a little bit of air and I'm like
oh those guys just giving head which
wouldn't be the worst way to go
honestly Thank You Raven for the
wonderful question we have
one more question let me just find it
I've to unlock my phone every five
seconds when my phone's about to die why
am I in the App Store with the fuck
Lady Bunny 777 asks would you ever date
a trans male the female that's what MTF
means
abso-fucking-lutely in fact I prefer
when a male to female transgender is
passing for female but then they keep
their genitalia intact like that is so
hot oh my god but I would also have sex
with people like GG gorgeous
who totally doesn't have a penis anymore
from what I understand she's just like
really perfect awesome questions however
I would not go for a female to male I
just feel like I need a real penis that
there's going to be a penis in the
equation and I'm usually not attracted
to the way female to male transgender
look but I mean it's somehow down the
line I do find one that is attractive
enough of course the fact is they're
transgender would never stop me and of
course I want to clarify by date we're
talking about have sex with because I
don't date not in the regular capacity
at least alright guys it's time to open
your packages a few seconds number one I
love doing actually makes me look so
cool I don't cut it out usually I can
cut closer but I love it when it's just
like oh that a package lands in my hands
and I'm like oh I'm so fucking dexterous
oh just spit a little bit when I said
dexterous I feel like you're not truly
saying the word dexterous correctly
unless you're spitting a little bit oh
yeah what is this ello hi Tara I also
got you a couple pairs of leggings but I
can't put notes on them another glorious
tea gimmick enjoy your gift from Adam
aka derpy woo yes oh my god it's the
gigantic like it's looking pea tongue oh
okay you stick it on the edge of your
cup and then the tongue has the fucking
tea in it and oh why this is my favorite
one I honestly like I have some really
cute ones I like a doc and a bunch of
other this is like come on like what
what this is so cooling you autumn also
a couple visual leggings that oh my god
that sounds amazing I'm like a leggings
freak right now so what is this oh yeah
thank you Adam by the way I cannot
express enough out
shoulder almost dislocated I cannot
stress enough how often you are oh
alright alright oh my god is this from
uh Guam
oh my goodness all that Star Wars
goodness oh yes okay we got to try it on
but I think I'm going to put it on over
this because I feel like that's kind of
a style right and I'm just lazy I've
been putting on different outfits all
day so I'm a little bit tired of
changing which is kind of like a dumb
thing for me to be right before I record
an S mm because I know there's
possibility of Earth over the titties I
know there's a possibility of me getting
things to try on it was actually like a
cool look I am sure that this is from
mug womp who is extremely wonderful to
me and this is actually like a cute look
you guys like it it looks cool I
actually don't mind the loss of the
cleavage in the fact that I can't
breathe very well because the shirt is
too tight on my tits the next question
for next week's SNM should be can you
breathe when you're not wearing a
cleavage shirt the answer would be not
easily Thank You mug womp I love you so
much this is really fucking cool I want
like split it down
fucking Darth Vader's head stop at kylo
Ren and have my tits out and then this
would be like one of my favorite troops
of all time ever and every time you're
like insecure about the size of you
bought me it always ends up being like
the perfect size so well this is fucking
cool wow thank you old mug womp you are
one of the lights of my life but I got
to be able to bring it to finish this
video oh oh we can go like this there we
go I like the collar so let's just look
we can leave it like there we go can we
get like Darth Vader in there Darth
Vader oh it's like a picture that didn't
finish loading and then there's tits
underneath it I don't know whatever
we've got one more of these and then a
couple packages from top deck hobbies oh
shit there's magic stuff oh my god it is
what is this hi Tara hope these cards
are useful to you from Adam Oh Adam
you're so sweet what did you find me
would you buy me a bunch of foil that's
fucking cool like some Ravnica foil aero
foil
I love me some foils Lambs I like to put
art on land noise there's some newer
stuff in here too so I could do like a
popper cube when I first started playing
magic I used to dress this card this is
very cute Thank You Adam I appreciate it
you're just making me miss magic more I
feel like you bought this after you saw
that I was like oh my god I miss magic
so much in one of my Instagram posts and
now I'm like I'm in withdrawals you guys
oh I still want to get back into it but
like Jay doesn't really want to but
magic is my only like true competitive
outlet you know what I'm saying because
I don't play Starcraft anymore I don't
play League anymore and I've out of all
of those games my favourite for me
personally for how I work not having the
like dexterity and the quickness of
someone who plays Starcraft
competitively professionally I could
definitely if I spent enough time
playing magic competitively I even have
like one trophy and I was like really I
didn't try that hard
so come on come on I could totally do it
thank you for reigniting that fire in me
Adam I really appreciate it I'm a foils
Attucks I will trade for bad value to
get a foil like seriously oh hi Terry I
enjoy your gift and hope it pleasures
you and hope you enjoy your bondage lips
too when they arrive from Jack okay so
this is a double-ended dildo ray but
it's a double-ended dildo that's for one
person because the smaller end is
supposed to go into anus while at the
same time at the same time this is
supposed to go into the vagina thank you
jack I don't have one of these is for
like solo play I'd like that to get
gigantic pink one but yeah can we like
stick it on my boob there we go we've
got two dildo oh my boob I'll definitely
make sure to try this out
I do like dildos that come with anal
stimulation as well oh no dildo don't
fall got to dildo on the neck oh yes
from Bella media what ah it's for breast
feed no way should tell me whatever
movies so this is sweet it's autographed
- holy shit dude dude I just started
following her like I knew about her but
I never knew like how awesome of a chick
she was hi Tara big
fan of your channel on YouTube and
wanted to send you something fun for you
and the mr. to enjoy this goes very well
with this big your ratio this is so
amazing you are a fucking queen dude
like oh my god I found you online a few
years ago your plastic Barbie photo was
posted and I was so excited to not only
find you have a youtube blog channel but
that you're into sex positivity yes now
I can pretend to lick your titties
pretend we should we should do real-life
the licking of the titties yes yes we
should thank you for doing what you do
and telling the world sex should be
hush-hush
keep on rockin smiley face xx brycie
twitter.com slash Brice's instagram comm
slash Brice's and greicy TV which is for
YouTube I'm going to post those links in
the description I feel like she needs no
introduction like fucking everyone knows
who she is she is fucking awesome and
yeah yeah I love you girl like my girl
crush right now my box cutter is erect
for you so it's like one of the best
gifts I've ever done so personal so
awesome such a badass note it just has
everything and also porn what is this
something Dragon Ball Z related
something Dragon Ball Z related oh my
god what the fuck
what oh I can mean imagine
ah dude this is the best one the best
fucking what are these called what they
called beanie the best beanies ever I
look like piccolo or like Dende or
something who sent me this I need to
know tell me baby girl cause I need to
know my Tara thought you might like this
enjoy your gifts from Jared H okay so he
just asked me on instagram if i unboxed
my and oh my god no one's going to get
it you know what the most amazing nerd
gear is the nerd gear that's so subtle
that only people who like really like a
franchise or a universe actually notices
that it is that like i went out with
I am my shredder glasses the glasses
that have like this is a shredder from
TMNT outline on it and a lot of people
like I like your robot glasses and
that's what we were like oh my god your
shredder glasses and it's such a cool
feeling to find other people that's one
of the reasons why I really like doing
gaming on YouTube and doing like you
know streaming all that stuff because
it's a lot of like-minded people cause
it's so hard to find like actual gamers
news days you know I'm saying and my
fuckin light isn't even he wasn't even
fucking kidding me like what the fuck
I'm just so high this is what it's like
a simple SNM with like not a tonne of
packages there's like all really
meaningful really awesome really
personal packaging so I'm hikes maybe
maybe it's just a bright before and I
don't know but I'm pretty good night hi
Tara I remember you saying you miss
magic and I saw this on your wish list
so I got it for you I also got you some
other foil cards but I don't know magic
so I don't know if they're going to be
any good to you hi Tara what use are
infusers without a decent mug to put
them in enjoy your gift from Adam blue
ok so I now have a full four set of
these I wanted these because they come
with a dream oka and I think of C drying
our so I don't know which one this is
but yeah and now I have four and now I
don't even play Magic anymore so this is
like solidifying the fact I just need to
get back into it I need to do what I
want to do and I'm just sad that most of
those cards have rotated out playing are
you still playing another format and
also also this is so cool oh my god
build a level mug so it's a mug that
comes with a bunch of stickers they're
waterproof and reusable and you put them
on to create a Mario level I want it
just so bad I don't know I feel like I
should stream making this or something I
don't know should I let's open it and
just see what's inside of it so awesome
okay so it's like an empty Mario levels
it has a shit ton of stickers oh my god
so fucking cool I am so excited let's
see where the stickers they have all
right so we got some blocks we got some
pipes and some goombahs some coupons
we've got Koopa shells we've got a fire
flower we had some like what do they
call the mountains and some trees and
we've got a bunch of Mario's and a bunch
of Luigi's we've got a toad but he's got
a Princess Peach even like this this is
so cool and they're reusable too so like
I can take it off and wash it or let
someone else make a level this is so
fucking cool
you so much Derby Derby you have been
like the highlight of this like really
you sent me so many things and you're
fuckin just pandering to my need to get
back into magic you're sending me P
stuff I fuckin love t I don't know you
just been thank you so fucking much I
don't know you were talking about coming
to quit twitchcon and I even though I
feel disdain for everyone that works at
twitch and twitter the company i love
the platform and i would love to meet
the people who do watch me so that
includes you I don't know maybe I'll
make a plan to come down and see you
well in there you and Demi that would be
fucking amazing I love you both so much
and I really appreciate everything you
guys do for me
Wow Thank You brycie Thank You Jerrod
Thank You fucking everyone who sent me
anything I really fucking appreciate it
you guys have just been so awesome to me
over this past couple years it's just
beyond amazing you guys are all fucking
awesome T Mario piccolo this is like
above and beyond this gift is above and
beyond what I have on my wish list you
found something that I didn't have on
there that I would absolutely adore you
knew I would adore it and you kind to me
and that's just you guys have been so
amazing to me these last couple years
and just everything you do please just
never stop being you guys because I am
wholeheartedly appreciative of you
guys's existence on this planet thank
you so fucking much and I'll see you in
the next video don't forget to Like
subscribe check out my social media
check out Bryce's shit because rice is
how does fuck if you haven't been
following her you have retarded become
fully Unruh tarded by following her yeah
and the two videos over here on the
right that I suggested just for you I
would appreciate if you check out more
of my videos thank you so much and I
will see you next week with a little
startup mail now we're going to sign up
for the giveaway and ask as many
questions as you want I love reading
your comments I read almost all of them
bye guys ow
like really stuck on there there's lines
on my neck now
Oh may the force be with you Mugwump
