in my opinion that's absolutely retarded
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
and welcome to a new philosophical video
and a new flash vlog obviously flad a
few guys don't know ass if you guys
don't know is my vlogging camera it's a
canon g7x and yeah I don't know why I
told you that this is not my tech
Channel I do have a gaming slash tech
channel if you want to check it out you
do dot slash three about cut games so
today I'm gonna ask you the very very
loaded question should we support the
liars and racists through buying their
products now this is something that ok
the the title and the catch line do
sound like I have an agenda but I
actually feel opposite to most people
and opposite to what that title betrays
and that is I think if you like the
product you should let me give you an
anecdote real quick and we're not gonna
talk about Jeffrey star until later in
this video but um so there was a woman
and I I don't remember the complete
specific so this is kind of not a real
thing but kind of is like a you know
hypothetical kind of not kind of did
happen so something very similar to this
happened and I don't know why I'm
calling it an anecdote as if I'm
involved but let me tell you a story is
just something I heard so there was this
woman who is big into fitness and she
created some kind of fitness regimen
that was wildly successful to many of
her subscribers I guess she said you
subscribe to some kind of like fitness
daily teaching you how to be fit thing
right and she made many people lose
hundreds of pounds and it was very
awesome changing people's lives she's
such a great person oh my god
but it came out that her story her like
this is how I lost weight and now I'm
teaching it to you guys was completely
bogus and she actually lost weight
a completely different way and it was
just a marketing ploy to say that that
was the way that she lost the weight so
are we on the same page now ok she lied
about how she lost weight but she still
did have a bunch of people lose weight
using this thing that she was marketing
and selling to people and she got a huge
backlash and if you guys actually know
the specifics of this story or have like
an article or something you heard about
it please post it because I would love
to reread it but um everyone hated her
after that people who had gotten these
results people who had paid her money
they were outraged they were angry they
hated her they no longer idolized her
looked up to her or respected her in any
way and I think in my opinion that's
absolutely retarded you I don't
understand this whole like idolizing and
acting as those celebrities are perfect
or that things aren't marketing ploys
people don't market their products no
they're a hundred percent honest with
everything nothing is worded favorably
of course not that that's a ridiculously
naive position and if you thought of
anything or if you thought of this woman
as anything other than a means to
getting fit that you wanted to try out I
feel like you're kind of an idiot you
know because it's like and that's just
my opinion of course that's just my
perception based on my philosophies but
I think it's a little bit ridiculous to
expect something of someone you don't
even know who doesn't owe you anything
more than what she what she offered and
even though the story might have been
false the fact that you lost so much
weight and so many people change their
lives for the better because of her
system how can that be tarnished by the
fact that the person behind the product
is slightly less perfect because you
know she decided to market her product
in a way that pissed people off right
how do you guys feel good I really would
love to hear from people who disagree
with me as well would you feel like you
were swindled like you were fucked over
by this woman even if you lost a hundred
pounds and changed your life on her diet
just because she falsified the way that
she lost her weight I I feel like that's
a little bit ridiculous II you must have
thought of her as a friend or something
to act like she owes you a real
explanation and I get that let's say the
the system didn't work and she was also
a liar and a cheater then because you
know she's just taking the money of
people who feel like they connected with
her on some level I think it's a little
bit ridiculous to feel like you connect
with someone
over a video or over the internet or
over a product on a level where you feel
like now that person owes you something
I love the fact that you guys feel like
you can connect with me and I feel like
I can connect with you through comments
and video replies and knowing a lot of
you guys on discord and patreon and
stuff like that I I know a lot of you
guys I regard you guys as friends but
you know - - just like quietly in the
corner have a one-way relationship with
someone I think is a little bit
ridiculous now let's move on to the
topic of Jeffrey star if Jeffrey star
made matte liquid lip cream whatever the
fuck that I found to be the best lip
cream I've ever tried I would not
discontinue buying that product because
Jeffrey star is apparently at least a
little bit racist like let's say he did
all of the things that people assumed he
did let's say that it doesn't matter
that it was in the past let's say he did
it yesterday let's say he murdered a
bunch of baby kittens and things like
that and that was you know his thing and
he's just like the worst person ever
let's just say that for the sake of
arguments I don't want to argue whether
or not Jeffrey star is bad because I
don't give a shit at all he's just
another fucking person I don't care I
don't care about celebrities I don't
care about their personal lives
sometimes it's interesting to read about
when I'm getting my hair done and all
there is is fucking magazines because my
phone died or something but like it's
it's of no consequence to my life the
only thing that I care about is the fact
that it's vegan so it fits my lifestyle
and the liquid lip creams look good on
me I've never purchased a different
Jeffrey star product simply because I
just didn't ever sway that way when I
was experimenting I'm sure he has some
hit and miss products and some really
great products and I would definitely
try the mountain buy them I understand
as a celebrity as like a makeup guru or
someone on YouTube who as a makeup
channel I understand not advocating his
products publicly or advocating him as a
person obviously if you disagree with
something that he's doing to the extent
that most people disagree with racists I
feel like that's perfectly fine but to
not use the products or to not like
acknowledge that the products are good
I just don't believe in one thing
tarnishing a whole person's reputation
or one thing it depends on how bad it is
obviously it can tarnish his reputation
but it doesn't take away from the
factual good that that person did like
okay let's talk about something a little
bit more controversial and that's gonna
make everyone just viscerally shit their
pants because oh my fucking god they
just can't control their emotions or
think logically let's talk about Hitler
okay Hitler did some fucking terrible
things no one's gonna disagree with that
unless they're super racist against Jews
I've never even like met a Jew I don't
think so I have nothing against anyone
any one race you guys know I think that
anyone who is actually racist by
definition has got to be retarded
because there's no way you can say it's
like saying there there's for sure no
life on other planets or something like
that like in other galaxies like you
don't know every single Jew how can you
hate all of Jews like that just doesn't
make any sense not they're all
individuals every single person does
their own things and does not speak for
any of the groups that they happen to be
a part of like Judaism or Hebrew people
stuff that just doesn't make any sense I
I was gonna say like people of Hebrew
descent and I don't know if Hebrew is
the the fucking religion or or the race
or the Creed I have no fucking clue and
I'm okay with being ignorant about
certain things and I am okay with
admitting that and not acting like I
know everything I feel like a lot of
people don't know that who hate Jews or
who hate you know certain types of
people they don't know anything about
the culture even or it's ridiculous the
racists obviously I don't like them and
I don't like what Hitler did at all but
he did some amazing things for the
German economy and the automotive
industry and a lot of people won't even
admit that because of the horrible
things that he did and the fact that you
know everyone around them is just
telling them that oh my god Holocaust oh
my god he's so awful oh my god he hated
Jews oh my god he killed Jews oh my god
he facilitated you know a plan to try to
take over the world like he's fucking
pinky in the brain or some shit right
but honestly there is some good that he
did he was vegetarian I
leave he was I think LGBT I'm not quite
sure
people either speculated that he was or
he actually was and I feel like people
won't even admit that and I think that's
a little bit ridiculous obviously don't
by Hitler brand lipgloss because you
don't want to fund the Nazi Party or
whatever you know if it's actually I
feel like the argument that we don't
want to buy Jeffery stars line because
we don't want to fund his lifestyle like
that's fine to an extent but like if
you're actually like ruining your makeup
regimen not using products that you
actually believe are really good I think
that's a little bit ridiculous like
you're not you're one person buying
products as long as you're not
advocating it you're not like making a
widespread yeah it's it's it's a little
silly like it's a little impractical to
me I I understand you're idealistic
reasoning for doing it I understand your
holier-than-thou like oh I'm such a good
person I would never you know try to
help anyone in any way who's that kind
of person but I feel like you're just
like you're making yourself bigger than
you are
and acting like you're making a
difference when really you're just kind
of hurting your own makeup regimen and
that's all you're doing and acting like
you're better than people I really don't
like I watched some beauty gurus and I
watched John cookie and and the only
thing I liked strongly disagree with
John cookie and about is not being
friends with someone because the media
doesn't like them or not buying
someone's products because you don't
agree with the person behind them so
you're saying that like when you buy a
Ford truck or when you buy a Chevrolet
or when you buy any kind of product
you're actually knowing that the person
behind that product is someone that you
agree with all of the ideologies of and
the lifestyle of like for instance I
occasionally eat vegetarian Jimmy John's
sandwiches I don't agree with Jimmy John
going out and I'm like very avidly
against Jimmy John and his fuckin going
out and killing prized animals and shit
like that's that fuckin oh my god but
I'm sure that there are tons of people
Fender guitars is mr. fender is he you
know a racist did he ever sexually
molest your sister like what the fuck I
don't understand why you act like
celebrities or a company is a it's all
capitalists just buy the things that you
like to buy disregard the people behind
them the celebrities behind them it
doesn't fucking matter don't buy on the
other end of the spectrum I'm gonna I'm
gonna let orwen go for a second on the
other end of the spectrum don't fuckin
buy shitty fucking products from Kylie
Jenner just because you like the way
that she looks and you idolize her and
you want to be just like her like her
products probably suck I don't know if
they do let's say for the sake of the
argument that they do why would you buy
their products just because of the brand
name just because you want to be like
that girl like that's it's a marketing
ploy
that's like marketing 101 to put a face
behind a shitty product that they have
nothing to do with just so that you buy
it because you want to be more like her
like make your own decisions buy the
products that are the best only back
people that you know in real life and
who you agree with and think for
yourself and that's basically all of my
fucking it's all of my fucking messages
in these videos are always like think
for your fucking self Jesus Christ stop
with the media bullshit stop with
idolizing people you don't know in real
life stop with acting like people who
don't know you back and you have like a
one-way relationship with owe you
anything
fucking buy the things that you want to
buy don't buy the things that are
probably shitty read reviews based on
the actual product not based on how
racist the person who made the product
or has the name on the product who
profits from the product is like why are
you so concerned with how other people
profit why are you so concerned with
people who don't matter to use lives you
know and that's my idea I really want to
hear from people who disagree with me as
well like do you disagree with me to an
extent let me know exactly what you
think try to think logically and
rationally those are the kinds of
comments the logical and rational
comments coming from people who disagree
with me and there are many of them I
just did I don't just go like oh you are
too emotional because you disagree with
me I love expanding my argument I love
thinking about other sides and with this
one it's hard for me to see other side
so I actually want to hear from you guys
thank you so much for watching I hope
you guys enjoyed this like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you did I
would appreciate that and you can check
over this way I think it is for the
other two videos that I suggest as well
as my gaming channel youtube.com slash
Terry Babcock games where I have the
most epic sexual innuendo commentary and
I play fucking some awesome games very
diverse so if you guys would check that
out I appreciate it love you
I will see you in the next video I hope
you enjoyed this vlog vlog discussion oh
yeah ah to tears
