what's up guys I am wearing my Master of
Puppets sexiest luck shirt with no bra
and because of that I think it's a good
day to record my fucking favourites of
December how are those two related
they're not so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want like my phone case though he got it
for me you guys don't watch the Friday
night mail videos you guys kind of shit
cuz they're pretty cool and I answer
some questions and do some giveaways and
stuff like that okay the first thing I
write all this shit down and then it'll
also be in the description so if I said
something and you can't translate that
into actual words the words will
actually be printed for you in a
description my first category is sex
position sex position as always must
meet cradling two sets of balls because
you know I do that kind of shit I
actually has never had a threesome with
two guys anyway I don't have to look I
know what sex position it is this month
this month we've got okay so I have an
ottoman right an ottoman is like one of
those things you put your legs on you
can move it around the house or whatever
it's not actually attached it's like
having the leg part of the recliner but
as like another stationary object if you
guys don't know what that is I'm not
talking about the Ottoman Empire two
separate things completely so this is
basically just like a rectangle that
sits on the floor that's very
comfortable Jay and I use this for sex
quite often and something I really like
to do and this can be done on the bed
too is I like to lay flat down on the
bed just like a lay down like I fell
asleep on my face and I'm just like down
on the bed right and then the guy comes
and let me just try to do this for you
we're going to try to do this for you
because I always like to try to play out
the porn that I say porn try to play out
the sex positions as much as I possibly
can okay so we've got Luigi Luigi is me
laying facedown on the bed here the man
that goes like this and straddles the
girl and fucks like this into her butt
cheek and into her pussy or ass I
apologize Luigi for defiling you oh so
oh so much yeah so the guy's legs are on
the outside of the girls hips and the
guy's dick goes down into her kind of
clenched vagina anus region through the
got cheek so it's like an extra-long
pussy unless you have no ass in which
case I'm sorry I don't have that problem
and then you fuck her much more tight
pussy or asshole because of the
and you can like put your hands on the
app and squeeze and pull or use the love
handles or hips to pull yourself in it's
really good it feels really really good
I'm fucking oh I'm going to make a video
after this but I don't know when it's
going to go up entitled the rapist
attractive and in parentheses I'm so
horny lately because oh my god I've been
so horny lately I don't know what's
going on with me but there are guys that
I usually am not into that I am like
thinking of my agenda and like all that
shit so anyway those months porn star is
Desmond J if you guys haven't seen her
yet she looks kind of Asian has a really
good body and has a British accent very
very good shit she does a lot of
interracial porn she does a lot of
vocalizing and her porn which is very
good and I like her a lot she's pretty
cool took me a long time to convince Jay
that she was Asian and not just
completely white but she is so clearly
Asian to me if you guys haven't checked
her out you definitely should for the
courser segment I always want to give
you guys like an actual porn that the
person has been in so you guys can check
out like a specific porn that I've like
checked out myself
you know I'm saying I think that can
kind of add to the sexiness of it you
know but it's really hard for me to even
remember the names of the porn stars I
watched but much less try to remember
the name of the porn which was uploaded
illegally for free that I watched on
whichever website okay so we've got
games this time my game the first one at
least is Manuel Samuel okay so Manuel
Samuels prequel excited on my channel
and then I made a plant and watched him
play it in its entirety on the stream I
played it for like an hour and a half
and I got like 60% of the game done so
it's a really short game but it's in the
style of co-op if you don't know what
coop is it's that little like browser
game where you play this like black
runner dude and you have to control each
one of his limbs with a different key on
the keyboard so it's like that but it's
modern and it has a story with it and
it's really cool it's about this guy
who's like rich and spoiled and he ends
up dying and then death decides to give
him an offer that he can't refuse which
is if you live manually for an entire
day meaning you have to blink breathe
walk with both legs shower yourself pee
and open for other really cool
annual things using a controller or
keyboard then he gets his life back yes
to fight Satan there's a lot of really
cool stuff so I recommend that game also
if you want to talk to losing my
virginity of that game to see me playing
the game I'll put the link in the
description along with the name of the
game the next game I have is Pokemon Sun
for the 3ds if you guys don't know if
you don't watch my gaming channel on
Twitch or on YouTube here you back on
plus tear backlog game crystal TV /
Terra Babcock I would appreciate a
follow there and you know my gaming
channel and all the gaming stuff that I
do is my baby that's my passion even
more so than the vlog channel which is
doing better I still have the gaming
channel more if you're not following me
on there you don't know maybe that I got
my 3ds or I got a new 3 yes actually
modded so that I can stream it has a
capture card inside of it it's a really
fucking cool odd didn't unboxing on that
as well but one of the games that I'm
playing on stream for you guys is
Pokemon Sun my dad bought Pokemon Sun
and Moon and he gave me Sun because when
I was younger he bought blue and red and
gave me red because red with my favorite
color when I was younger yada yada
anyway the games pretty good I feel like
a lot of the dialogue is for children
more so than it used to be back in the
day I feel that way about all Nintendo
games basically though I feel like
they've gone from being like really hard
platformers and RPG games that are from
gamers to little cartoonish games for
kids that have bad graphics but then
Salvi i feel for pokemon and the fact
that I love the 3ds and it has so many
good like Shin Megami Tensei titles and
things like that made me want to play it
and I'm actually enjoying it even though
the whole Lola thing is kind of dumb
even though the lowland Pokemon types
like the meows that's from a Lola that's
kind of purple and a dub trios with the
flowing blonde hair I find all of it to
be stupid but I'm still finding room to
insert my own sexual innuendos into this
children's game so I recommend it if you
haven't played it yet and the last game
and most prominent game and the best
game of all time to me at least best
game in 2015 final fantasy 15 okay so
final fantasy 15 was amazing I loved
every one of the characters in the game
fucking awesome I loved the movie Kings
Glade which you guys should watch in the
anime series is a five-part anime series
Brotherhood which you guys should also
watch I completed the game got a
platinum trophy and everything I even
got Aaron a ax to glitch and stay into
my party for a long time I went really
deep into that game because I love Final
Fantasy J Lo's
final fantasy as well so it was just it
was so good but I don't think it should
have been open world I feel like a lot
of the side missions were very A to B I
feel like a lot of the development of
the characters like Cindy and others
were just kind of dropped and then I
read something on Reddit I think it was
from a developer who is no longer
working for them anymore but worked on
the game saying that yes it was a very
very unfinished game and even though it
was an unfinished game and you're kind
of like why do these stories just branch
off and never complete or why is this
area not even traversable in this game
it's so weird and why is chapter 13 so
awkward you still get more than most $60
James give you and they're going to be
releasing free DLC as well as paid DLC
for the rest of the stuff that they
couldn't finish in the time frame it
looks as though they had some kind of
contract and they had to complete it by
the end of the year so they rushed a few
things but still this was a really
really good Final Fantasy really
gorgeous the fighting style was amazing
noctus Prompto Ignace Gladio especially
Agnes and Claudio oh if I could jerk it
I would jerk it to Ignis and Gladio hmm
anyway what were we talking about the
game is really good the characters
really awesome cindy has some nice tits
play the fucking game and as it's so
annoyingly reminds you in the beginning
every single time you start the game
it's the final penalty for fans and
first-timers alike moving on movies and
TV shows from December honestly I
haven't watched very much when I was
sick and recovering I actually watched
the full Godfather trilogy again and I
actually started it and never actually
finished it I never saw any of three I
watched parts of 1 & 2 and I actually
watched it this time it was really good
really entertaining and I enjoyed it so
for those of you once again I always
have to say this for those of you there
like you haven't done this or that yet I
don't think the only relevant things are
the new things I'm not like a pleb like
that you know so if something's old and
good I'm going to mention it here so
yeah a lot of people hated on the third
Godfather but I liked the third
godfather the best I don't remember the
guys name but the guy who like ends up
taking over the family spoilers sorry oh
my god sorry it was really likable and I
really didn't want him to die and then
the sister was really likable and there
was a lot of like backstage it was a
good movie I liked all three movies but
I feel like the third one was bad
and I know that most of the internet
would disagree with me including Jay who
was part of the Internet yes I do still
need to see the Assassin's Creed movie
in rogue one I just don't get out to see
movies and it's kind of funny because I
have a movie theater literally within
walking distance it's just like it seems
so much easier to just stay in the house
you know like I also have a fucking
place to go work out in my complex and
the treadmill in my house but sometimes
I'm too fucking lazy to walk over there
and spend 20 minutes on a treadmill okay
it's the same fucking feeling about
going to the movie theater you guys you
post in the comments what you like
better if you watched both Assassin's
Creed or rogue ones based on Jeremy
Jones's review of us having screwed I'm
probably not going to like it that much
but I will probably find it entertaining
because it's Assassin's Creed and that's
one of my favorite gaming franchises and
a rogue one even though they're taken
over by Disney I feel like they're still
doing good things for the franchise so I
don't know let me know what you think of
those two movies let me know comment to
do it fucking comments Oh next we've got
music now these are some of the songs
that I've been putting on repeat for the
last month I cannot remember for the
life of me if I talked about the sound
of silence I disturbed last month but if
I didn't I'm still listening to it this
month at random intervals I'll play it
fucking over and over and over again one
of the best fucking covers ever and I
can't even sad them someone liking the
original better and usually I'm the
complete opposite of that so I'm still
loving that fucking shit broken wings
broken wings let me go my Spotify see
which fucking band I'm recently going
back to the songs that my parents showed
me as a kid and reminds me of my
childhood so it is by mr. mr. the gavel
is in two broken wings when mr. mister
it's a very calming very nice very
classic rock song next we have own a
dish and that means without you I think
in German it says I Rammstein I know all
the lyrics my heart's most of which I've
translated and understand it but it's
like one of my favorite Rammstein songs
it's also one of the less metal II
Rammstein songs like it's very odd like
you guys gotta also watch through the
video for it because the guys from
Rammstein climbing a mountain and then
one of them falls and he's like oh we're
not going without you and it's kind of
like my song for Jay and I Jay and I
don't really have a song but I mean
that's how I feel about him like without
him everything would talk and that's
basically the premise of the song but if
you want to check that out you shoot
then we've got Meridian by August Burns
Red oh my god I like August Burns Red
sometimes some of their vocals are a
little bit annoying but to me that song
with all the like is symphonic
beginnings and then it like goes into a
little bit of vocalization like it's a
really really really good song really
epic
really great for working out which I've
been doing a fuck ton of recently so
yeah and then we've got Trivium watch
the world burn there's a bunch of
Trivium songs that I'm like turned on to
this month
I liked uh in waves and then I showed J
the band and it was like oh yeah I heard
this band I never listened to it and
then he started listening to it hella
did I just say hella well and he turned
me on to watch the world burn on a bunch
of other songs that I didn't know about
my guys enjoy these songs if you have
any favorites of your own as always
please post in the comments I'm not done
yet I know it sounds like I'm done but
I'm not done yet we're going to talk
about look I or girl I would like to
fuck this month
I don't know I'm doing some shit you
know I'm just fucking I'm feeling weird
today dude I don't know things are good
things are good Tara's hyper guy and
girl I want to talk obviously Ignace
Gladio and Ravus and Luna and Cindy from
final fantasy 15 and then also we can
add in Erina as well because she's hot
as fuck she got them pities you know
what I'm saying she can even keep that
helmet thing on oh yes and then older
noctus regular noctus and Prompto can
watch I actually I actually wrote that
down I'm gonna I'm gonna try to show you
that yeah I wrote it down
I just been wanting to fuck like
everyone lately not everyone like this
is not an invitation to just slide up
into my DMS and act as though you are
entitled to the pussy you know I'm
saying I'm going to dick I promise you I
am a fucking sis white woman anyway um
yeah I've just been really horny lately
I don't know the fuck's going on with me
like there's this guy that works in my
la well we'll talk about this in the
fuckin other video that I'm going to do
today but yeah those are my other other
than J because J yeah he is looking
sexier than ever I don't know what's
wrong with me it's just like I'm in heat
recently my favorite girly thing of the
moms and second to last category is
Juvederm Ultra a lot of people asked me
what I put into my lips a lot of girls
are like oh my gold I thinking about
getting sued oz with what fish should I
use they're all British stuck-up ninnies
obviously anyone who wants their lips
done
anyway yeah yeah I used uterine ultra I
feel like it lasts a lot longer like
it's been eight months usually I have to
fill them every six and I'm feeling like
oh I wish I had filled them two months
ago because they started getting a
little like thinner at that point but
yeah you don't have to get as much as me
if you don't like this aesthetic I do
personally a lot I'm like fucking just
jizz all over my own lips and shit if
you want anything filled and you don't
want to use there's like a filler that's
good for like your cheekbones and stuff
I've never used it or anything but the
fillers that actually last two years but
you can't put it in your lips because it
would be way too hard and not natural
feeling or whatever if you want
longer-lasting filler but not the facial
filler you should go with Juvederm Ultra
it's like a better version of Juvederm a
syringe of Juvederm is like 450 or
something and then Juvederm Ultra is
like 550 so it's a little bit more
expensive I feel like it's worth it
because if you add up and calculate all
that shit if you're waiting nine months
to do your lips rather than four to six
months it adds up and it's worth it and
my favorite thing of the mom oh my
favorite thing in the month is Jay well
he's not really a thing so I'm going to
show you a real thing and we're going to
talk about why I feel that way
this is something that Jay got me for I
think it was Christmas yet he got it for
Christmas for me yeah he seems to have a
really hard time shopping for me because
he doesn't understand that he can
totally buy off my wish list and that's
a hundred percent things that I really
do want it's not just like our to stick
some shit on here to people can spoil me
like that stuff that I really want but I
can't rationalize spending the money on
all of these things at once for myself
it's like you know I'm collecting
plushies I'm collecting figures I'm
collecting sets of sexy leggings with
like Mario and Sonic on them so he has a
hard time thinking of things that I need
or want but aren't on my wish list to
make it more personal but uh he taught
me this which is you can put actual
internal hard drives into it and they
act as external hard drives and you can
switch them out I have a huge issue I
have like 4 to terabyte hard drives in
my computer all of which are full and
they still so quickly because I keep all
of my back streams I keep all of my
unedited YouTube videos just in case and
all of my edited YouTube videos all of
my thumbnails like I try to keep
everything I know I'm like a pack rat on
my computer and I'm always needing new
Drive
and this is really cool because never
again will I ever have to keep opening
my computer like I don't know how many
times in the last few years I've had to
open my computer and then we stuck in
another hard drive because I needed
another hard drive and I just thought
this was really thoughtful and really
amazing and he also got me with it he
got me an 8 terabyte hard drive which
was gonna last for like fucking ever and
it just goes into this little hole like
it's a cartridge in a retro you know
game console or something like that and
then you know fuckin bada-bing bada-boom
I'll have to have external hard drive J
was really thoughtful for doing this and
I really appreciate that so that's my
favorite thing of the month and I don't
know he's just looking great guys nice
having him in my corner as my life
partner and crime life partner and crime
player two badass was he wet and you
know fuckin listed as muscle guy with a
beard all right in front of you guys who
don't know he's not my boyfriend don't
freak out and get all territorial here
because we all know you have a chance
with me the fact that I can act so
ridiculously and still feel comfortable
posting a video that's how you know I'm
real for you oh you want to watch to
know more about my sex life now I
conduct myself and how Jay and I aren't
in a relationship you can check out my
non-monogamous sex life it's another
video that I did but please felt in the
comments when you guys think I know you
guys really enjoy this series and I know
it always takes until the middle of the
next month for me to do it I guess I'm
just offsetting with the other youtubers
who like to do it at the beginning of
the end I'm like Sam writing the mail
it's Tara's time fucking favorites mmm I
love you guys so much thank you so much
for watching please check out the other
two videos here on the right in the end
screen my Instagram
is the most important social media other
than twitch and YouTube at kara Babcock
on Instagram and Twitter also slashed
hair Babcock you know twitch and then
Tara grab cut game who's my other gaming
channel I really appreciate you guys
watching and I hope I entertained you
and maybe turned you on to some new
stuff you know and I love reading the
comments here and having you guys turned
me on to things that I might like so if
you have any suggestions I would love to
hear them
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in another month hopefully
not longer than a month
for the January fucking favorites Rock
bye bye how it still hurt
