hey guys today I want to talk about
racism so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want uh
it's so funny because the first video
back I was gonna do a video about how
this was my favorite year of all time
and how people who say the 2006 toon is
the worst year ever are kind of stupid
just because you know other people had a
bad 2016 they're just kind of projecting
that onto themselves and I was going to
be a very chill video very easy to get
back into it but today I was at the
eyelash chick and when I'm at the
eyelash chick that means that I get to
listen to a lot of psychological
lecturing I love listening to things
about psychology sociology things like
that and today's today's lecture was on
operant and classical conditioning so I
want to apply that with some anecdotal
evidence about how racists or people who
are perceived as racists are I don't
know like I feel like a lot of people
just demonize that and think that
there's like nothing behind that there's
no societal push or there's no thing
that happened in their lives that made
them that way I do not believe that
anyone can rationally or logically be a
racist in its actual definition a lot of
people think that racist jokes make you
a racist
or you know even crossing the street
when you see someone who in the past has
scared you numerous times like I don't
even think that makes you a racist I
feel like that's also part of the
classical conditioning
um so classical conditioning is
basically like a learning process it's a
psychological term that's been tested
for instance there was this test where a
kid would be given like a really cute
lab rat and he'd like the lab rat he
really enjoyed that lab rat right but
then every time he was given the lab rat
the lab rat was also paired with a
really really fucking loud scary noise
and this kid was young enough so that
scary noises would be fucking scary and
make you cry so over time this kid
learned that this rat comes with this
noise and therefore no longer wanted to
viscerally be around that rat even
though naturally he loved that rat he
was partial to that rat
and I feel like this comes into play a
lot with racism this is a lot of the
reason why people feel other people are
racist or people are racist and I feel
like we should try to understand why
people do stupid shit like become
racists I don't believe in a logical
region reason behind being a racist for
one reason and that's it's a
generalization you can't hate a whole
group of people based on their skin
color no matter what they're a fact
there will factually always be people
who are fucking badasses in any color
religion creed so even when I say that
as an atheist I don't really you know
associate myself very much with people
who are devout Christians or devout
Muslims that doesn't mean that I think
that every person is bad just because
they subscribe to a religion that I do
not or a religion that I deem as toxic
and that's what a lot of people don't
understand about the Muslim religion - I
am against the Muslim religion a lot of
people are as well but I'm not against
Muslims I'm not against people who
subscribe to that because a lot of
people have varying degrees of
devoutness a devout 'ti i don't know if
either those are words but I'm fucking
owning that shit and they can have you
know similar morals to mine and just you
know I don't see why that would make
anyone a bad person basically and
obviously in my opinion at least the
logic and reason tells me that any kind
of actual racism meaning you actually
think a whole group of people based on
their race is bad can never be
intellectually correct
it can never be morally correct and
therefore I'm against racism but a lot
of people in this sgw society think that
you know making jokes makes you racist
or anything like that so I have a little
anecdote for you guys when I was in
elementary school I would say six out of
my ten best friends were black a few of
them were a Theo Pia and others were
just you know the standard
african-american very whitewashed in
that they don't speak any African
languages or anything I had a very I
went to a very diverse school I had a
very diverse education in an area that
had a lot of cultural and
ethnic diversity and I had no problem
with that
I enjoyed it they were my best friends
it was amazing elementary school was
fucking awesome and then I got into
middle school and high school and all of
a sudden every single african-american
girl in the entire world wanted to beat
me up for absolutely no reason and they
were rude to me and they picked on me
and I was I was pretty heavily bullied
by them and at this point like I wasn't
even in school like my um boyfriend at
the time lived in this area that was
predominantly black and when I was
walking up the road in that area any
time a black girl that I didn't even
know from school that knew nothing about
me they would like heckle me and yell at
me and say white girl and they were
really rude and vicious to me and to the
point where I was like okay you know
black girl comes with hate for me and it
wasn't even like a race thing it was
like a race and gender thing put
together and it was just me being really
frustrated at the fact that existed and
imagine someone going through that and
living in a place where that is their
existence and not having that previous
experience or the intellectual stability
to know that this is just one perception
one area and there's got to be something
going on here because people are not
they're individuals they're not all
going to be assholes to me right even
though it appears in that segment of my
life that every single black girl is
going to hate me it was just like
inherently black girls are evil is is
you know what it appeared to be based on
the data that I had from my middle and
high school experience and that didn't
make me a racist because I have the
sense and the previous experience and
the good upbringing to know that that is
not the case but imagine if they were
also paired with a parent or a
grandparent telling them that this whole
race is bad or whatever I am a huge
advocate of not blaming anyone else for
your own actions and taking
responsibility for your shit and
thinking outside of the box but a lot of
people fucking down a lot of people
don't have the intelligent quotient
points to even do that they don't have
the IQ they're not smart enough they're
you know they just like can't think for
themselves and it's the majority of
people who can't think for themselves so
and
like look outside of their own
perceptions in their own perspective
they can't see things from other sides
and when that happens to them or even
worse when all they look at is the media
like for instance think about how um
talking about how Islam and how Muslims
are portrayed in the media right now so
many it would seem just from the media
as though there's a terrorist attack
every single day in every city always
and all Muslims are evil right if you
watch a lot of the news and you take
everything that they say with no grains
of salt with complete truth then you're
gonna think that this is a huge issue
you know I can't even go outside every
Muslim person I see is gonna be an evil
terrorist that's gonna you know kill
everyone or whatever and a lot of people
actually see things that way a lot of
people don't see nuance they don't
understand that the news will portray
everything in a neutral or less light
because that's what gets more views
that's what's more interesting to people
people like to live vicariously through
tragedy and be sad about things that
don't directly affect them and I think
it's a little bit ridiculous that people
can't use logic and reason to see that
you know obviously there are things
scarier than a terrorist attack not on a
larger scale like I definitely think
that people in power or people who you
know can work on stuff like this should
definitely find out how to rectify this
but as an average person a lot of people
these days are more afraid of
statistically impossible things like
being caught up in a Muslim terrorist
attack or something so much so that
they're gonna let that and hibbett their
ability to see people as individuals and
I think that's absolutely ridiculous
like you are most likely seeing a
hundreds of thousands I don't know where
the fuck you go if you're going to a
concert if you're going to a concert
you're probably seeing thousands of
Muslims if you're going like for
instance my viewers a lot of my viewers
are probably Muslims I don't know that
about them because they're not you know
dressing a certain way and yelling about
the fact that they're you know doing
things for Allah and stuff like that and
most people are just reasonable chill
people and they have their own
experiences that make them believe in
whatever the fuck they believe in but
they're still you know not
to fuck you up you know what I'm saying
like not everyone of any group could
ever be bad so racism anything against a
group of people is in my opinion
ridiculous and it's perfectly fine for
you to say like we don't have the same
interests so I'm not generally I'm not
generally friends with those types of
people just you know based on the fact
that we don't have the same interests or
something you can say that some people
are like that you can say that most
people are like that you can even say
that people that you've met are all like
that but you can't say that everyone is
like that and the fact that we are
classically conditioned to respond to
stimuli that keep happening you know
like and there's also this thing called
um I think it's called stimulus
generalization where that boy would now
be afraid of all white rats not just
that particular white rat because he was
conditioned to be afraid of it because
of the sound or whatever and unless you
have something in your life change where
you actually do meet that black girl
that isn't going to try to beat your ass
it can be really hard to overcome that
defense mechanism that your body has it
says you know when you see that black
girl walking up to 16th Street you
should probably cross the street or turn
back around or like take care of
yourself because if not there might be
danger and that's not racism that's
perfectly fine to understand the
situation that you're in to go off of
you know your defense mechanisms your
instincts your fear but to not be able
to use a reason or to accuse that person
of for sure being just like everyone
else or just like everyone you've
experienced is absolutely idiotic in my
opinion I might cross the street in that
point in my life and worry about it but
I would never accuse her of anything I
would never in my mind have a sullied
view of this person I would just do it
for my own you know safety and it's kind
of funny because my dad used to get
really mad about me bringing this up
that like all black girls hate me or
whatever
and back then I I wasn't like having I
wasn't like presenting a case logically
so I might have said
something like that like Jesus Christ
all black girls fucking hanging me like
what the fuck you know and my dad would
get some max he never really understood
what I was saying but he also didn't
come from the perspective that I came
from so he couldn't understand growing
up with like for black people in his
entire high school all of them being all
of them being like really badass and
like dating a black girl himself he
couldn't understand from my perspective
that I was being bullied by them right
but then my mom offered insight that I
didn't even think of she said I had the
same problem in high school it's because
that's the point where like social shit
matters a lot and all of the black guys
were really into me so all of the black
girls were really angry at me and I was
like huh that might be something it
might just be like a cultural difference
or like these stupid social like
challenges kick in where it's like oh we
need to be who we need to be in in a
battle to see who can get the hot black
guy from the school or whatever and it
was true that like all the black guys
were interested in me or some of them at
least and that's how these black girls
perceived me so based on their
perception of me I was a threat and
therefore they were kind of mean to me
and didn't like me and it was just high
school bullshit and you get guess what
like after high school I went back to
having a bunch of friends who are black
chicks a bunch of viewers who are black
chicks a bunch of people that I find
attractive that are black chicks and on
the topic of Attraction
jesus-fucking-christ you can have
attraction to any kind of person that
you want or not be attracted to any kind
of person that you want that is not
fucking racism there is a difference
between not being able to respect an
entire race and just not being
interested in certain physical features
that a race or a Creed might have like I
understand that there are races that ii
mean based on their physical features
are more or less attractive like for
instance any race that might be a little
bit shorter i'm not gonna be attracted
to their males any race then might be a
little like fatter or chubbier i'm not
gonna be attracted to their females and
that's perfectly fucking fine that's it
just because I'm not attracted to
someone doesn't mean that I don't treat
them as a human being doesn't mean I
wouldn't be friends with them doesn't
mean I think any less of them at all is
just a physical preference based on my
biology and my
foundings and experiences and what I
like it's it's like a biological fucking
response like damn I want to fuck that
bitch that's how I fucking feel and if I
don't feel that way nobody should be
nobody should be forced to have sex too
soon when they don't want to have sex
with like we have choice in our lives we
have the right to choose who we sleep
with and sure there are some people who
have prejudices about who they sleep
with based on racism but that is not
inherently racist like a lot of people
might say like oh that's fucking
disgusting
you know something about blood racists
and then it's not about preference it's
like a an issue that they have with the
entire race and to say I think it is it
could be um racist depending on the
person to say that I will never be
attracted to a black person cuz let's
say I'm less attracted to Asian people
which I am NOT I fucking love Asian guys
and girls especially tall Asian guys oh
my god
let's say that I'm less attracted to
Asian people for the sake of this
argument um I can see like an Asian
person who has like a really Speltz body
and really big boobs which a lot of
Asian girls don't have or unless they're
like Hitomi whatever the fuck the yeah
like I can see a lot of Asian girls
because I don't really like
natural-looking boobs and a lot of Asian
girls either are flat-chested or have
gigantic like real boobs and that's not
really my thing so I'll say that like
I'm not attracted to most Asian girls
but to be sure that you're not attracted
to any Asian girl in the world even ones
that look very different from their
lineage that sounds racist but you can't
know for sure unless you actually ask
the intentions of people so I just
wanted to outline with this monologue
and hopefully I did a good job doing so
I'm almost done with this
hold on there might fix my fucking here
I just wanted to outline my ideas on why
we should kind of try to understand
where racism come comes from and
actually tried to not misrepresent what
it is like to not be a fucking piece of
shit sensitive ass esterday
where you can't make jokes and you can't
like say certain things just because
someone might think that you're racist
is fucking ridiculous and to hate
someone who just like grew up stupider
than you I I don't know I think it's a
little bit silly I think instead of
demonizing certain things that are just
based on preference and perception we
should try to put ourselves in the shoes
of others and we should try to
understand how sight like our psychology
works like a lot of things are just
defense mechanisms a lot of things are
like someone's racist against black guys
because they feel insignificant or they
feel insufficient in their height in
their dick size and their athleticism
like things like that are aren't meant
to be hated they're kind of just sad or
you know these people are just less
intellectual than others and they don't
really know how to deal with their
visceral emotions and they lack
self-esteem or they lack a decent solid
upbringing all of these things and you
have to take into account these things
you can't just think that every person
who has any ounce of my camera stopped
any ounce of racist tendencies is like
some kind of next Hitler with like the
worst intentions in mind there's a lot
of psychology that goes behind something
like racism there's a lot of nuance that
goes behind every racial joke or every
thing that someone says that sounds like
it might be racist and I just wish that
a lot of people would stop going like
wow and big instantly viscerally
offended and actually think about things
use logic you use reason and please post
in the comments what you think if you
disagree with me if you have any points
if you want to expand on any of the
conditioning and talk a little bit about
psychology if you want me to do more of
these please just let me know
thank you for watching so much like the
video subscribe to the channel and if
you would like please check out the
other two videos but I have suggested
for you rights on this side I think I
don't know also let me know what you
think of the thumbnail style I'm trying
a new thumbnail based on what my patreon
patron suggested and I don't know I hope
you guys like it I love you guys so much
thank you for watching I really
appreciate it and another successful
Vlad vlog of Awesomeness
bye guys
