what's up guys it's Friday again you
know that means it's Friday night mail
time let's just get right into it sin
Friday one of my favorite days of the
fucking week followed up by anal
Saturday exceeded only by seduce your
dad Sunday so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want let's get this show on the road the
winner of this week's giveaway and as
you guys know at any point in this video
you can go down in the description like
that little bling link right there and
sign up as many times as you can to win
free shit like some of my merch of your
choice of course a steam game of your
choice or an autograph eight-by-ten
watching my videos is just a gift that
keeps on giving to you the winner is Zoe
I am very happy to say Zoe z whoa
congratulations baby girl
Zoe's one of those viewers that has
transcended viewer and has become one of
my personal friends and marks just one
of the many reasons why I fucking love
creating content for you guys don't we
want something special for my merch
store but it's a present so I'm not
going to say exactly what it is
just in case the recipient happens to
also watch my videos thank you so much
Zoe for supporting me I love you so much
Zoe is also one of the people who sent
me a really thought-provoking fucking
question this week as always I have to
keep saying it don't forget to post your
comments of any source in the
description and by description
I mean comments because I picked you
every week to answer wholeheartedly
honestly and to the best of my ability I
love interacting with you guys answering
questions giving things away especially
because it's tax-deductible
Zoe asked I saw you mentioned in a
previous video you like to watch
documentaries on serial killers which
serial killer are you most fascinated or
intrigued by and why and also does your
mom really other victims with the Green
River Killer I heard you mention it in
another vid my mom used to work as a
manager of 7-eleven on PAC Highway if
you guys don't know PAC Highway is where
the Green River Killer took all of his
hooker victims and killed them I'm not
all her pleasure if my mom said that she
saw that it was particularly the victim
but she said there were a lot of people
that would come in and talk to her and
very nice to her that would end up not
coming back ever again and going missing
I'm sure after this video my mom will
text me and remind me exactly what it
was that she said but yeah I was
something along the lines of that also
when I met Jay he was also living in the
house across the street from where the
Green River Killer
I've been bothering Rob Dyke for so many
months to do something on the Green
River Killer
and by bothering I mean tweeting and
being ignored but I think it would be
cool because you know I live in Seattle
and shit I think one of my parents even
went to like Green River Community
College where I think he also went it's
very interesting to hear about serial
killers for me because it's interesting
to get into their minds see how they
work on a psychological level to study
them and things like that and serial
killers are one of the reasons that I
got into psychology in the first place
but I would say my favorite one is
probably Ed Gein I don't know I'm very
intrigued by a lot of them the ones I
find the most interesting are the ones
with high IQs are the ones that had
really really terrible home lives like
what makes someone with a terrible home
life grow up ambitious and driven to get
out of the situation that they were
given at birth and one divide then make
someone regress into killing someone
taking their skin and wearing it as a
mask motives like that fascinate me
psychopathy fascinates me
pretty much all personality disorders
fascinate me and I'm actually thinking
about doing a video where I go through
the list of all the characteristics of
certain personality disorders and
comparing them to myself objectively and
truthfully I think that'll be a really
interesting video since a lot of haters
like to because I'm so open with my
sexuality and don't give a shit with
other people saying tie me into some
kind of weird personality disorder that
I don't have
I am totally open to being someone who
has a personality disorder but if I did
I wouldn't want to fix it because I am
so fucking happy I would hate to revert
back to one of those people who actually
is offended by things that people say
about them on the internet and is not
consistently happy day to day you know
like an average person once I would
probably lose a lot of what makes me
entertaining the next question is from
Johnny Marr to Chief Darney marsucci
Johnny Marr chuchi I'm sorry if I'm
saying that wrong where do you see
yourself in 10 years any dreams or goals
you were aiming to achieve honestly if
you had asked me when I was younger I
would have not known what I was going to
do with my life specifically or what I
wanted to do specifically but I know
that I wanted to be someone in control
of my own schedule someone in control of
my own career so I was relatively
successful enough to do so without
having another job to fund said career
and I am there so honestly there's
nowhere to go but further up right just
more of the same as honestly what I want
I'm so content right now they're really
the only goals I can see are like
arbitrary ones like I want to get to a
million subs on one of my channels or I
want my gaming channel to grow and be
more self-sufficient or I want to just
find the draw
I have to make really high-quality
really editing intensive really amazing
videos all the time I just want to be
happier and happier with my content in
my production quality and I feel like
the next step to that is moving into a
house with more space so I can make sets
so I can do really fucking amazing
things for my youtubes in my Instagram
and my stream I am just so excited about
that I am so excited about whatever Life
brings from here on out and I am so glad
you guys are going to be a part of it
now without further webber jabbering
again post your wonderful questions in
the comment section and I'll get to them
next week hopefully if they're good
let's go ahead and unlock some stuff we
have a little envelope from Leaton Daisy
I love lien Daisy she is an adorable
babe with the boobas if you guys follow
me on twitter at tara Babcock's she
tweeted me her version of the the sexy
bra thing that I did on Instagram at
Tara Babcock once again and she is so
damn hot you guys should follow her she
got me a Christmas card oh my god it's a
little it's a little snowman with it's
like bumpy here like I'm getting glitter
everywhere holy shit
thank you baby girl Oh send me another
Polaroid she also gives out Polaroids on
her patreon for patreon supporters just
to let you know her links will be in the
description whoo this is sexy I love you
guys can see it if you can't available
to make it happen make it up and come on
hi Tara thank you for being such an
awesome person in my life you inspire me
to keep doing what I love and keep
pushing myself to make content also I
want to say thank you for helping me
stop being such an sjw at times
listening to your rants and stances on
feminism really opened my eyes on how
close-minded my views were so thank you
for making me less of a little bitch law
with love Daisy and more tea my new
puppy also sorry for the glitter I
actually don't mind the glitter I'm a
glittery kind of girl you nonsense very
fucking cute thank you so much I love
things like this because it reminds me
that you guys are thinking of me that
I'm making a difference in your lives
which makes me feel so fucking great if
it's even possible to feel better than I
do and it's just really wonderful that
my videos can have a positive impact on
you guys and also myself like we're in
this together like a family I don't have
much of an extended family that I give a
shit about but you guys are that moving
on
Thank You mrs. Layton Daisy what once
again her links will be in the
description the next thing we've got is
this right here this is from Merle &
Robin I don't know if this is just like
the sticker that they use from their
households I'm not sure which one of
them sent it to me or if it's both but I
love me some lettuce so let's open it up
and order the food so Marge says and
it's all typed up and gave me the
business card
dear Tara I really enjoy your vlogs you
are intelligent and easy to view easy to
view that's one way to say it I find
myself agreeing with your viewpoints so
much that I talk to the computer screen
what do you call someone who does not
believe in religion any kind of religion
there are a waste of time money and
resources there is no Supreme Being or
anything else when we die that is just
the end for us we might live in
someone's memory be recorded in a book
have our name used in some way excetera
I witness more and more people have
their lives sucked up because of their
religious beliefs
anyway I keep doing your own thing I
like it include me in your cheering
section sincerely Merle J's - Kay I
don't mind if I tell people his last
name but he's an engineer astronomer I
want to thank him for sending me this
and letting me know his views that are
very similar to mine yes honestly I can
sympathize with people who are devoutly
religious for whatever reason a lot of
people need that in order to be moral
beings and a lot of people find solace
in the fact that there's a community of
people within their religion some people
were brought up with it so harshly that
they can't escape it or they're afraid
to escape it and a lot of people are
just afraid of death in general and want
something that makes them feel better
about moving on so like whatever
even if I do agree that it's fucking up
your life to do so you are free to fuck
up your life in any way that you want
and I don't give a shit day and I were
talking about the after death thing
recently and they were talking about how
they wanted to make Princess Leia a
Disney Princess to honor her but she's
dead
she doesn't care so really don't no
reason they're honoring her and these
are Jai's views that I'm parroting
because I believe them and that's what
he brought up not me but I do agree
this little oath to her is not for her
it's for the surviving members of her
family the fans that cared about her the
fans who thought that she was the most
beautiful thing or the most intelligent
thing and the most interesting thing in
Star Wars or what have you it's not for
Carrie Fisher it's for the fans in the
family and the people who remember her
but she ultimately doesn't care because
she's not here anymore thank you so much
Amaro I
appreciate this what next we've got this
which is very apparently a fun case so
though we got me this
Pikachu phone case right but then
someone also got me a similar but
different Pikachu phone page so we're
about to see which Pikachu phone page
whizzes it would be so funny if it was
an Eevee phone case oh my god oh this is
the one from Zoe all yeah she originally
wanted to get me a pink one but then she
got the original yellow one because they
didn't have it in stock we're gonna
we're going to switch this out real
quick we're gonna oh my god you guys
remember this from my birthday this
should've still around oh my god some of
it actually got embedded into my phone
that's hilarious
this is very fitting because I'm playing
Pikachu Pikachu because I'm playing
Pokemon son on my stream recently oh my
god this is so cool and it fits so
tightly and it's so not bulky all the
ones that I bought myself are pretty
bulky so it's kind of nice to have a non
bulky one for a while thank you so much
know we I really appreciate it this is
really awesome and it bumps out I love
it when they bump out they're not just
like pictures screen printed on or
something Zoe what you are a badass girl
alright next thing we've got today I
haven't even used my box cutter one side
with one box oh I know as I say that I
can't get into this fucking thing oh
we've got another tea infuser this one I
saw someone bought it off in my wishlist
this is so hilarious ok I have to show
you cuz I geek out about these key
things and I still haven't edited that p
video I don't know I don't like the way
I look at it I don't like the way it's
set up I still might post it because
it's really cute me geeking out about
t-shirts but you stick this on the side
of your cup and then you put the tea in
here and it makes it look like it's
faucet water running into your fucking
tea cups it is so cute so adorable who
bought this for me it doesn't say well
whoever bought this for me you're
fucking awesome
I cannot have enough of these I think
they're fucking adorable I love drinking
tea and this is just very thoughtful
here it is this is the tea cup I've been
using it's like a fucking question mark
block from Mario you just put it on the
side here and it infuses your tea and it
looks like water is being poured into
your top so very very very cute Wow
thank you alright it's time for
something that I don't deserve wrong
Sean B I can tell his hand right
now he already sends me something in his
yellow envelope and it's just amazing
Shawn you are a god oh my god this hat
Oh
oh my okay it needs to be a little
bigger I can't believe how big of a head
I have these male hats need to be
refitted for the gigantic brain that is
tear off oh this is so cute I like kind
of folding these because it looks a
little bit better on me oh my god this
is awesome and fuck what else is in here
Oh a triple feature Ninja Turtle the
original movie Ninja Turtles - and a
ninja turtle three yeah this is like the
older animated stuff this is the
original movies fucking cool thank you
so much and oh my god oh my god gotta
catch em all Pokemon deluxe essential
handbook so need-to-know staff in fact
on over 700 Pokemon oh my god this is
up-to-date and shit this is fucking
awesome it's like a pokedex but book
which region you can find them in so is
this actually for Pokemon Sun and Moon
so this is like you can get this Pokemon
from Kalos Mountain in sin oh ah we've
seen growlithe region Kanto oh my god so
it is you are so amazing this is going
to be so helpful thank you so much yeah
okay on the back it says Kanto Johto
Hoenn you know Nova and Kalos your
favorite Pokemon from every region are
here inside this book we've got
fairy-type pokémon legendary Pokemon
med evolves Pokemon mythical Pokemon and
every Pokemon in between thank you so
much Shawn this is an amazing fucking
gift and has something stuck to my foot
oh you are awesome I fucking love you an
extra sloppy kiss just for you I love
hats I saw I put on my wishlist recently
oh my god if you guys are cross playing
Cindy from fucking Final Fantasy 15 you
can buy her fucking hat her oh I want it
so bad I can like curl my hair and make
myself look kind of like Cindy I just
wish I had the knowledge in cars I have
the passion for cars
I just don't know very much about them
little known facts about me moving on I
keep saying it and I feel like it's
falling on deaf ears so
you don't have to do this obviously you
know that I will love you just as much
without oh this is my waist cincher I
wanted to try a non boned waist cincher
for a while just to see what it's like
you know I don't like to hate on
something without trying it and everyone
is fucking adoring these things so I
look for one that actually has different
straps and I found this one and it also
is in pink so should we try it on let's
see if it fits me
pretty fucking interesting I would say
this one is better than the ones that
are just one size and when you close it
that's all you get this one you can
actually adjust the tightness of the
secondary strap the pink strap I do want
to put a disclaimer if you guys want to
try any kind of waist cinching or waist
training it is best to go with something
that has bone meaning that it has those
metal steel authentic corset bones in
them so that it keeps your shape and
supports your back also never go too
tight you can cut off circulation you
can pull something it can be dangerous
to you but it's done right and slowly it
can definitely help improve your shape
personally I think this one is pretty
cool I might start wearing it sometime
anyway whoever bought this for me thank
you so much this is very cool something
I've wanted to try out before I actually
have an opinion on the newest fad which
is waist trainers that are not corset
again I don't know who sent this to me
but thank you I fucking like it oh my
god oh yes who sent us to me oh no it's
Juergen take care a sexy lady today is
New Year's Eve and because of some
up-to-date reasons this is the right
monthly gift for the moment I've gone
with it and a great start to your new
year 2017 kids
yurgin you're done a pink bondage set
are you fucking kidding me
a pink bondage set pink bondage rope a
pink ball gag where's my collar where's
my collar oh I called it there's my
collar oh I'm excited let's take the hat
off of this because it's not going to be
a sexy somewhere and a hat you know
upstairs neighbors are pieces of shit
bleach blindfold goes on last
handcuff I wonder if I have pink pasties
that would go with this outfit for
fanservice Friday that would be cool
I'll have to check ah oh oh oh Paul oh
yeah this is so awesome
oh ho oh ho ho uh-huh uh-huh I love it
thank you you're good it will definitely
work well for fanservice Friday it's
still too fucking small for me dude
there we go
I honestly kind of like this look we
have one box left full today's video
let's get her open I sincerely
appreciate everything you guys do for me
any amount or style of support is
greatly appreciated you guys are just so
fucking wonderful Oh what could this be
it is in a bag that says hi Tara I don't
know what size you are so I just guess
try it on and see if it fits
love Donald Donald is mine this is gotta
be a troll gift for sure definitely a
troll gift funky Hawaiian shirt surf
purple 6xl so did you know how did he go
now that I've finished my waist a little
bit I think I might be able to fit into
this let us see Donald Donald so I know
your real name
why am i blanking on your real name here
we go here we go
it surprisingly fits quite well I could
actually put the waste center on top of
it and make it look like some kind of
robe or something now I know what it
feels like to go through gastric bypass
surgery Thank You Donald for the laughs
I always enjoy them even though I
haven't been to leaf blowers and things
in my house I don't know what to do with
least until I move but I have to move
them first I understand that you're
trolling is a symbol of your love for me
we're connected like that I can stash
plushies oh thank you so much guys thank
you everyone
Jurgen Zoe anyone who sent me anything
you guys are fucking amazing I really
appreciate it Sean of course
Merle Donald and anyone who didn't get
mentioned because they didn't put a note
in the slip or let me know thank you so
fucking much I appreciate everything the
last the gift the respect the support
and the good times in the comments
section don't forget to follow me on
instagram at Tara Babcock the same as
Twitter at Tara Babcock I am starting to
do things on Twitter kind of I have for
some reason I just like Instagram so
much better also I have a twitch stream
twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock my other
you Hubert my other youtuber channel my
other YouTube channel my gaming channel
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock game
files will have some merch everything is
down in the description if you want to
actually click things rather than type
things in I really appreciate it I'll
see you on Instagram and on twitch
tonight oh you'll fly will thank you oh
for a for a roller through her oh wow
the shirt class smells weird almost used
