so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want
hey guys they have something a little
bit different for you I'm gonna be
reviewing the cookhouse Soylent and the
nectar Soylent these two flavors of
Soylent just recently came out and I'm
gonna tell you what Soylent is first in
case you don't know this is the original
flavored Soylent it has 20% daily
nutrition it is plant based aka it's
also a vegan low glycemic index and
natural and artificial flavors so
basically this is like a meal
replacement thing and for a normal-sized
person five of these a day will be the
perfectly balanced amount of nutrition
for your body barring a few grams of
fiber I think the bottom of the ones
actually have a little bit less fiber
than the powder but the powder is way
too hard to deal with for me I've tried
it it's too clumpy it's too hard to use
so might as well just have this in a
fiber supplement right so the company
that owns this product does not market
it as a full liquid diet per se but you
can definitely do so my roommate Jay has
been doing this for a few months he has
the coffee in the morning which is by
far my favorites one of these every
three hours and then a protein shake
when he doesn't have one of these and he
actually feels really great he's never
hungry he feels energetic and overall he
just feels really good if you guys want
any more information on Soylent in
general there are tons of documentaries
and information out there let me just be
an idealistic little bitch for a second
this kind of food can not only make the
world vegan it can end world hunger it
is very easy to produce it is very green
and I love the idea of utopian future
where people do things like this
we don't have an obesity epidemic and we
are not ruining the world and hurting
animals with factory farming okay I'm
sorry for that and idealistic little
bitch anyway personally I drink one of
these in the morning and I'll have like
one of these a day but something about
this taste bothers me it basically
tastes like a slightly sweeter milk but
the issue that I have the most with it
is how after I drink it I feel like I
have a film in my throat that just feels
kind of gross it's not an aftertaste
it's more like the texture of it going
down or something I don't know this is a
fucking godsend it tastes like a
chocolate coffee and it gives me a ton
of fucking energy clean energy at that
I don't feel jittery and awful I adore
this shit and it makes it so much easier
for someone like me who loves a big ass
breakfast because I'm always fucking
constantly hunger
craving something to not take in too
many calories in the beginning of the
day and to get my caffeine boost before
we go any further and talk about the new
flavors and how I feel about them I want
to give you guys a little bit of history
with me and Soylent the reason that I
found out about them was because they
wanted to sponsor me they contacted me
they sent me some product it was the
powder stuff I said I wanted to try the
bottled stuff they sent me some bottled
stuff and I absolutely loved it
so I'm sponsored right nope they
actually never got back to me when I got
back to them then I sent their PR email
all of the information how I was talking
to someone within the company and they
sent me back the most stock email that
said we get a high volume of sponsorship
requests if you do not get a response we
apologize
and of course months later is still no
response but I guess the fact that I'm
not sponsored in the fact that they kind
of cold-shouldered me makes my positive
review all the more believable right
let's move on to the new flavors alright
we've got next year this basically
tastes like imagine you have a bowl of
tricks or fruity pebbles or something
and you eat all of the cereal and then
you have the milk left in the bowl and
it's like a fruity milk and you just
love to drink the rest of that shit I
know I did as a kid
that's how it tastes it's like a fruity
milk like cereal really good there is a
slight twinge of an aftertaste but it
doesn't go down all slimy and gross like
the original does and a sidebar on the
original J does not feel the same way I
do about the slime enos he actually
really likes these and actually craves
them now that he's been having them for
so long you can make a difference in
your life and in your diet so yeah I
thought this might actually suck but
it's actually pretty good
I honestly might switch to like a almost
fully liquid diet because they have new
flavors which is why I'm so excited
about this which is why we're doing a
video today because I want more people
to know about this shit also if you're a
place a lot of your grocery shopping
with this it's actually cheaper these
are about $3 per bottle and you can buy
them on a subscription basis or you can
buy them one 12-pack at a time
funny story also I just got these today
I ordered them on Amazon Prime rather
than on their site so I could get faster
cuz I was so excited and I was so
ambitious that I ended up breaking three
of my nails which started bleeding
opening their box so I would say that's
the only downfall
it's dangerous to enter the box no
basically they like glue the Box closed
so when you try to pull it open it's
hard to do with all of the convenience
that is Soylent
I think their packaging would be a
little bit more convenience as well all
right let's move on to this one this is
probably my favorite I really like
chocolate milk and chocolate milk type
things so I was super excited when I
heard about this one I thought that one
would kind of be chemically but it's not
this tastes exactly like if you've ever
had like low-fat chocolate milk or diet
chocolate milk it tastes slightly Diet
slightly Splenda II but I absolutely
love the taste in the texture it's
really really good you guys need to try
these I feel like you owe it to your
body and your health and your wallet to
try something like this I know I'm
pushing for it hard but I just believe
in this shit so much
Soylent call me seriously I'm not
looking for sponsorship I just really
like this shit and you guys are always
asking me what vegan options are out
there and even though I've done a vegan
options video solid food I also like
this shit a lot I feel like I've been
one real meal a day and the rest of it
Soylent is a pretty good idea if you
want to start out substitute like one or
two meals a day with this stuff
then go harder and harder some people
have Soylent all week and then at the
end of the week they have a cheat meal
there are many ways you can incorporate
Soylent into your diet basically so yeah
I just want to let you guys know that
this is something that I like a lot
personally without being under contract
for sponsorship and I also wanted to do
this little review on how they taste so
if you guys are interested and curious
you now know Tara approves thank you for
watching guys I really appreciate it if
you enjoyed this video please like
subscribe and check out the two videos
on the side here recommended just for
you I really appreciate the viewership
and I really appreciate you at least
thinking about trying this out whether
you want to go vegan lose weight try
something new they taste better than
99.9% of the protein shakes I've ever
had
let's talk about specs real quick before
I go they have a lot of soy in them they
have some kind of thing that comes from
beets and then the rest is vitamins they
are 400 calories each if you're a small
girl like I am you don't have to have
five a day you can have four a day or
you can have half of one each meal and
if you're a bigger guy you can have five
a day and then also protein shakes or
some kind of food if you want any more
information the link will be in the
description where you can buy these I
don't give a fuck if you do or not cuz
as I've said this is not sponsored this
is just something I personally believe
in and am recently hyped about looking
guys see you in the next video
