hey Tara I like your outfit all the
better to pone you with my dear
oh my god I've missed this series why am
i holding my hair like this let's go
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want what's
up guys the one of two new episode of
Tara read your stupid fucking comments
and some good comments but so very
rarely we have finally compiled enough
retardation to make another one of these
episodes and I am very excited more than
excited a little aroused let's do it
what you porn porn is a verb now I do
porn watch that is do you porn you porn
did you ever clown Jays Willy
you mean like clown on it like a day
your dick so big and hard not I have
done that - the guffawing at the end I
tried to clown it but there's literally
nothing bad I can say about it other
than its ability to make me utterly
addicted to it
this message sponsored by Jays penis
Association someone should clearly make
that Association I would be the chairman
and now this episode special instance of
hypocrisy that girl is an fucking retard
ah
Libby Luke Oh Libby Luke normally I try
not to say these kinds of things what
changed
but this girl's so obviously craves male
attention as a heterosexual female I
would say I do crave male attention I
also create female attention Libby
hit me up I will make an anti-feminist
out of you yet after I lick that pussy
so good maybe I'll make her more of a
feminist because then she'll be a
lesbian because I'm so good but that's
not the last we see of Libby Wow I don't
think I've ever seen a girl so obviously
and shamelessly desperate for male
attention you usually don't say these
kinds of things did you not realize that
you posted that twice on the same video
you're not a feminazi Libby you're a
femine
a white woman with no identity or
culture is of course going to tell other
people they shouldn't have one either
ylim ow wow dude you know me so fucking
well no identity oh I have an identity
it's just not one of Viktor
hood Zabuza nicely states you're
actually the perfect woman Gary Johnson
says for a lame week bitch like you
lame week bitches do like the hottest
chicks is DJ of Sparta he says I would
have to figure out a way to make it stay
up I wouldn't think that would be
difficult for you no no especially not
with all the things that I do for male
attention these feminists with their
double standards like I do something
based on my sexuality and I'm doing it
for men and then they get pissed off
when people assume that any girl does
anything for male attention
of course I'm attractive happy and
successful and not constantly playing
the victim
so of course I'm shaped by the
patriarchy women can be anything in the
world except for a woman like me that's
a movement I want to support feminism
degrading women much more than men ever
have had a dream about Tara where we
were on the track to doing work for the
farmer and he got stuck in Reverse and I
had to drive it uphill weird lol anyway
awesome video normally when people say
they have a dream about you it's a
little bit less PG than that let me
analyze this dream for you clearly you
feel like you're going backwards in your
life this anti progression is shown by
having to drive a tractor backwards up a
hill almost ran out of air there the
significance of Tara in the dream
signifies that you are unhappy with your
sexuality
I recommend forward downhill progression
and trying a dick in the ass
Tara lead psychologist oh yes there's
hair all over me stop ah and here right
next to each other displays the insane
disparity between feelings for my
contents on one hand we have God this
shit is fucking cancer on the other hand
we have your videos or dope obviously
I'm doing something right and now for
something that made me really smile Dan
oh man Oh says every time I see you've
uploaded a new vlog my night instantly
gets better 74 up boats and then I put a
heart and I got 14 up votes easiest up
votes ever oh yeah you guys clearly know
that I'm nice to my viewers only to get
male attention right that heart was the
easiest 14 male likes I've ever gotten
so aroused I can't wait for this
Internet men
come to my house and fuck me anally had
to make that into a joke even thank you
Dan oh man oh wow the more and more I
watch your videos the more I start to
question a lot of sexual questions in
life Wow
YouTube recommendation actually worked
Google you did good today law seriously
great Channel and I hope they do really
well in the future oh thank you that's
wonderful to hear as opposed to the
whole like fuck you Google
recommendations how did I get here
I see on a daily basis now you're lying
four hits on your videos all classy
women I know hate penis anything okay
with that logic path all classy women
hate penis anything
I love penis everything I must not be
classy the only time women want dick is
when they truly want to fuck the certain
dude stop doing whatever it takes to get
hits on your videos because pathetic
dweebs out there cannot find a date
dude come on comma comma comma comma
chameleon I didn't see that coming until
it popped into my head what does your
father think of you out here talking
like a slut hooker this all like what is
your father thing as if it's healthy at
all for a parent to live vicariously
through a child or control a child's
future I am my own fucking person and
that fact alone makes my parents very
fucking proud of me someone should make
a montage of how many times I've had to
talk about how proud my parents are of
me and how obvious that is you can go
ahead and disown your kid for being gay
or whatever the fuck lifestyle choice
they have and become a strange to
everyone in your family who isn't
exactly like you I'll go ahead and have
healthy relationships I believe it's
true what they say you've got to take
the good with the bad here comes some
deep psychoanalysis when I started
watching this girl's videos I couldn't
believe how incredibly open-minded
forward-thinking and just generally
awesome she was however the more I
watched the more you can see the dark
side the shallowness the naivete and
self-esteem issues you're an amazing
girl in a lot of ways Tara but I fear
you're in for a rude awakening wow that
was hard to get through without cracking
up I love these kinds of comments
especially ones from people who seem to
like me and then something I said
clearly unconsciously shifted in them
and then they start seeing everything in
completely different way I cannot wait
for that rude awakening I hope it's a
dick to the face I will enjoy that hey
gray you don't know shit that's why you
can all
answer me in one sentence because you
have no intelligence and you're in the
fucking gray now if that devil worshiper
Tara goes and gets pregnant and tells J
that the baby is not his he is not going
to be happy that's why it's still man's
world only a man can have more than one
woman it sounds like you are a devil KB
worshiper and a cock needs to constantly
be in your mouth rocket scientist a
bunch of emojis I don't have I don't
have a response to that I'm sorry
hi Tara don't worry I don't judge you if
you tell the true I'm just simply asking
you some question and saying my opinion
smile did J licked your vagina
you are vagina not the right one if you
say he is gonna like that cuz I saw some
other but if he really loves you he
should kiss / lick your vagina pussy -
and if he didn't is he gonna do it -
whatever you want
pretty sure if he didn't he's not gonna
do it whenever I want because he didn't
but okay if he really loves you so much
smiley just wondering if he didn't done
it test him cuz for example I was doing
or the 69 position with you if was his
position answer cuz I'm curious and
wants you to be sincere very honest with
a response brace yourselves
here's my honest response I don't have a
single fucking clue what the fuck you
are saying alright now that we got that
out of the way that is my sincere
response showing your body for damn is
disgusting but you have got really big
boobs and I'm watching you because of
them so it's like watching Playboy
magazine not a decent person got it
checklist for being a decent person do
not show body wow that was really easy
I'm so glad I'm a good person now let's
go kill some Jews you look like you
would have a pretty butthole and then I
saw you loved my comment about you
having a pretty butthole I was serious
though is there any chance I can see it
hashtag not trolling hashtag I like
buttholes that literally that fucking
made my day thank you Judas ope Tara
equals four letters four times two
equals eight Tara has two tits trollface
8 minus 2 is 6 she has 3 Mario's in the
background 6 minus 3 equals 3 how many
the triangle have that's right three
what's the symbol for Illuminati that's
right a triangle tara equals Illuminati
confirmed if you and this person who
would that it's B and if you had to
repopulate with if you were the last
person in the world
hashtag tadhana Babcock oh wow who died
and came back from the dead obviously
Tara did because she's so certain that
there's nothing after death ah oh man
an argument from ignorance is not an
argument also how the fuck do you know
that I didn't die and come back from the
dead oh wow who's following Tara around
their entire life apparently you are
because you know that I've never died
and come back to life so that I know
that there's no afterlife oh man
and we've gotten to a selfie of me which
means that we are out of shitty comments
for this video and I already have like
half the comments I need for the next
version of this video so if you guys
like this please give it a big thumbs up
and subscribe let me know in the
comments and please post something
stupider than I've gotten here but do
know that I have a very discriminatory
eye and I can tell when someone is just
saying shit to try to be on Tara Reid's
comments
show me your genuine retardation not
some manufactured retardation I hate it
when guys are just retarded for views
love you guys and I will see you in the
next episode we're gonna like video
subscribe the challenge I got a little
bit a little I also have a second
YouTube youtube.com slash Tara Babcock
games and follow me on instagram at Tara
Babcock cuz titties I love you guys oh
it's so fun to make these videos I hope
you guys enjoyed bye
