so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to my 2016 recap video I did not
think I would have one of these I was
actually kind of sad that I didn't make
one because a lot of people in the
comments were like can you please make a
recap video 2016 and I saw a lot of
other youtubers did it that is never a
reason for me to do anything
other youtubers did it but if you guys
really want me to do it and I have
nothing against it and I really loved
this year for all reasons my career my
youtube channel my stream just me
becoming me as a butterfly and my
synthesis and all that stuff I wanted to
make that video and then low and behold
my god
Nicholas else taught the reason that
Shakira says even exists sent me
something on discord and it is this
video this is my 2016 recap we have a
bunch of stats in the beginning and then
we go through my top nine or ten I'm not
sure most popular videos of the year I
really appreciate all of you guys I
think in the statistics Nick stated that
we have like 90 thousand more of you
this year in one year I got 90,000
subscribers and I really appreciate each
and every one of you thank you so much
you guys continue to make my subscriber
count rise and every single view and
like and subscription I I appreciate to
my very core I cannot wait to see what
2017 has in store and I promise to keep
bringing you as quality content as I
possibly can improving in all ways and
being completely open and honest with
everything about me because I love you
so much I hope you guys enjoy this there
is a lot of fan service so put on your
nostalgia goggles and let's get this
show on the road only six month old
nostalgia goggles not like retro Mario
and nostalgia goggles or contra or
something thank you so much I hope you
enjoy oh and before I forget Thank You
Nicholas else dodge has links will be in
the description he makes gifts from all
of my fan service Friday videos with my
approval and he's also contributed to a
majority of the show terraces videos and
again one more time thank you to all of
you wonderful people
200k subscribers ji yes thank you so
much for getting me to 200k subscribers
you are fucking amazing and as promised
I'm doing the Jo I I'm super excited
because today we're starting a new
series once a month I'm gonna be talking
about my fucking favorites porn star sex
position music game TV or movie person I
want to fuck a random thing and a girly
thing dear LMT congratulations on your
new console Super Mario maker bundle I
so I can no longer do fanservice videos
because this is my second strike on my
vlog channel you're seeing this on my
gaming channel because the second strike
means that I can't upload videos for two
weeks so that means that my gaming
channel is gonna have two videos a day
my vlog video and my gaming video until
the two weeks are up and I can go back
to uploading on my blog channel I am
finally officially saying go ahead and
buy my merch I have new merch it's all
up it's all perfected and oh my god I'm
so excited
hey guys welcome to my birthday
counterclockwise I need to do it again
of course you're gonna be annoying in
the hallway shut the fuck up okay first
here
yeah like like nikki benz or whoever
else you're watching like Oh give it to
me
fuck yeah mmm shower me with that shit
I'm more like that so I couldn't really
be shamed by that and I think it's kind
of interesting because I did sleep with
a guy before who thought that a girl
giving a guy head or a girl getting come
down by the guy was degrading well I
know it sounds like I'm advocating rape
or drug use which I am not at all I'm
just advocating sticking up for yourself
and having self-respect and making your
choices and then sticking with your
choices so I had a similar experience
with Toby but the way I feel about that
experience is completely opposite
because I knew what I was doing I knew
what I was getting myself into and I
made choices and I stick with the
choices that I made whether they're good
or bad
the reason I like city fucking is
because I get to get a penis in between
my tits which are very nice and the
penis is really close to my face and I
can like lick it while the guy is
enjoying my tits and that's something
visually that I really enjoy you imagine
it feeling just like like taking a shit
right because like a lot of this is
gonna be very graphic so I'm saying
right now as a disclaimer if you want to
leave please leave it's gonna be graphic
I'm gonna be completely honest I don't
have a filter
I don't worry about offending people so
a lot of people might click on this
thinking its clickbait it's fucking not
I'm gonna tell you exactly how it feels
the video subscribe to the channel and
please leave your comments and then I
thought I could finish the outro before
it stopped falling damn it I love you
guys and I hope you have a wonderful
forever thank you so much ah not
supposed to do that
ow
