if he attacks you or assault you or
touches you without your consent and I
don't mean like express written consent
where you gotta mail it and get a notary
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a video I didn't think I
would ever make this is gonna be on a
topical topic we're gonna be talking
about the me2 movement but instead of
talking about specific celebrities or
specific instances of claims of hashtag
me too I want to talk about if the
movement as a whole has done more bad
than good in my opinion and I also want
to talk a little bit about philosophical
consistency autonomy and personal
responsibility because I think these are
huge issues here so I pulled my patrons
to see if they actually wanted this
video some of them shared my sentiment
where they're like I hate it when
content creators jump on the bandwagon
while others the majority of them
actually didn't want me to make a video
so let's fucking do it
so before we get into this I'm only
gonna say this once these are the only
words you need to hear you can choose
whether or not you believe them you can
choose whether or not to read into other
things that I say that you believe will
prove that this statement that I'm about
to make is incorrect or untrue I do not
condone an actual rape and sexual
assault I think it's horrible I think
people who commit these crimes should be
punished to the fullest extent of the
law and I think that any good that
actually does come from the me2 movement
is great women feeling more comfortable
speaking out especially women feeling
more comfortable to go to the police all
of this good stuff my contention however
is that the good does not outweigh the
bad whether you choose to see this video
is a little bit of tough love or an
objective view onto something that's
usually very emotional or you choose to
take offense and call me a victim blame
er or a bitch or just some ad hominem
that will try to discredit my arguments
that my friend is entirely up to you
from here on out I'm not gonna censor
myself I'm gonna tell you exactly what I
think and how I feel and I think feel is
a little bit too loose of a word because
I'm actually gonna give you reasoning
for why I think the things that I do I'm
gonna do my best to leave my personal
anecdotes completely out of this I know
I do that a lot where I relate things to
myself I'm not necessarily giving my
anecdotes as evidence I hate it when
people do that but I feel like it gives
people a nice background on Who I am and
why I would be talking about certain
things for instance I've seen a lot of
opinions from the far left on the me2
movement a very feminist idea
and then I've watched a lot of really
conservative people talk about it and
just slut-shame basically I promise to
do my best at least this is the only
time I'm gonna bring up my own personal
circumstances I am a right leaning
libertarian so I do have a lot of
right-wing opinions but at the same time
I am what a lot of people would call a
quote unquote
slut or at least I'm very open sexually
and I'm open to being a slut even though
I'm not currently engaging in any
Sluttery
I don't have any problem with people
settling down or getting married with
the love of their lives and losing their
virginity after they get married and I
also don't have a problem with people
engaging in a lot of sex hookup culture
and all that kind of stuff I myself am
somewhere in the middle and as a
libertarian I think it's kind of obvious
and self-evident that I just don't care
what people do if I do have a personal
problem with what people do it's more of
like a philosophical inconsistency
problem where you can't have it both
ways for instance in the me2 movement a
lot of people are feminists and push
this feminist agenda a narrative where
women are strong independent don't need
men can fully handle themselves as CEOs
business women and on the other hand we
have the me2 movements where without
this me to movement without a few brave
women who are catalysts all of these
women would never be strong enough to
come out with their stories where we
need to be careful what we say to these
women where we need to be careful
questioning their narratives asking for
evidence expecting them to actually go
to the police and go through regular
legal avenues for fear of hurting them
irreparably to where they won't come out
in the next time they're raped and then
that's sending a tidal wave of doubt and
fear into every other woman's heart to
the point where all of these women who
are being raped molested it sexually
assaulted they're not gonna come out to
the cops this whole narrative the women
are strong is completely antithetical to
that the idea that women need to be
coddled and protected not just by the
people in their personal relationships
that love them and care for them but by
all of society as a whole and not just
from the threat of the physical but also
from emotional strife women are strong
women are emotionally fragile and can't
handle their shit's that clashes a
little bit I take issue with this
biggest problem I have with the me2
movement is that it's a movement in the
first place it's gone so mainstream as
movements intend to that it's become
just more of a popularity contest where
if you don't have a meeting moment
you're not out in the spotlight of
Twitter you're not being retweeted
you're not having attention paid to you
I think rape and sexual assaults is
actually a serious allegation a serious
crime and it shouldn't be dealt with or
prosecuted on the stage of social media
I think it's far more important to
instill in young women they should
gather evidence go straight to the
police and report crimes rather than
just waiting on it being quiet about it
and then anonymously talking about it on
social media the longer you wait the
less evidence you have and the less
likely that your attacker will actually
be brought to justice and it's not just
about your rhetorical justice where you
feel better for yourself that you feel
there's some kind of retribution for the
thing that you had to endure because of
that person it's to make sure that that
person is not living and operating
within society continuing to do these
things in my opinion it's your personal
responsibility to report these crimes
it's really important and the hugest
problem with these social media reported
crimes is that instead of going through
due process these men whether in the
limelight or just menial workers are at
the mercy of a very emotional
non-structured jury of people who are
just angry at anyone who's accused of
anything no evidence needed no proof at
all doesn't matter they lose their jobs
they lose their livelihoods
it basically ruins their lives in the
same way that a real conviction does but
there was no fair due process and we
don't even need to talk about the people
who have lost their jobs or who have
been wrongly accused and the woman
literally just says she regrets the day
after what she did with the guy in bed
or the guy just like touched her butt
during a picture are these really sexual
assaults are these really rapes I'm sure
that there's a huge plurality of women
in the me2 movement who are recounting
their actual sexual assaults who did go
through the correct channels to report
these crimes and they just want to share
their stories to empower other people to
do the same or the women who didn't
report it and they know that it's a
mistake so they would rather share their
stories to empower others to do the
right thing I'm sure there are
well-intentioned to me to people out
there I just take such issue with the
fact that it's become such a witch-hunt
where it's created this environment
where women are skeptical of every
single man's intentions where people are
acting as though every single man is
some belligerent jerk who's gonna beat
you and rape you if he has any
opportunity to do so I need to work
inflating and therefore belittling the
real rape and the real sexual assaults
with things like regretted consensual
sex and small Pat's on the butt or
off-color jokes off gender jokes
whatever I think a lot of young women
don't take personal responsibility for
their actions they want to hide their
shame
doing something like casual sex with a
celebrity that didn't bring them Fame
and therefore was regretted later on
women are not victims in this and I've
seen a lot of people say this but then
say something like it's harder for women
to be assertive it's harder for women to
say something that might offend someone
and therefore it's harder for them to
say outright no stop and therefore men
should be more sensitive to this kind of
thing but if we're gonna allow women to
opt out of the personal responsibility
of making a bad decision based on oh
it's harder biologically for us to be
assertive then men should opt out of the
guilt as well because it's harder for
them to pick up on dumb social emotional
cues they like the verbal
straightforward like hey stop fucking
doing that I don't like that I don't
know if you've ever noticed but men are
very very bad at picking up on hints
it's like a stereotypical male trope to
be bad at that kind of thing
so women bad at assertiveness men bad at
picking up on nonverbal cues and hints
oh I guess no one's to blame then no
society thinks that the men are to blame
look girls if you don't want a One
Nights and if you don't want to just
hook up with guys and then be dumped the
next day not only should you probably
avoid fucking on the first date unless
you guys really connected or something
of course it can happen you should also
probably bring something to the table to
make their relationship equal if these
young hopeful women are going out on
dates or going to the hotel rooms of
guys who are much more powerful and much
older than them they should know what's
expected of them and they are not the
victims
if you engaged in transactional sex in
order to further your career that is
completely consensual and you are not a
victim the guy has the power and the
wealth and the clout in the community
that you want to be big in and you have
the looks and the body parts to place
him in bed you are engaging in
completely transactional sex
consensually and if you for some reason
make the huge durp to go up to a guy's
hotel room because you think you're
really just gonna become the next star
overnight after being a nobody and
things very predictably turned south and
he like whips out his penis or something
say no and leave if you say no and you
try to leave and he prevents you in any
way if he attacks you or assaults you or
touches you without your consent and I
don't mean like express written consent
where you gonna mail it and get a notary
then that is sexual assault and/or rape
then the onus is on him to be prosecuted
for his crimes
then he is the quote-unquote morally
terrible person that everyone in the
Media should make him out to be and
there should be proof of this because it
actually happened a guy letting his
hormones get the best of him and being a
little grabby but stopping once you say
no or a guy being a little douchey
because he's used to girls just
submitting to him that a sexual assault
does not make yes men want sex this is
not news but if you choose to not bring
anything else to the table relationship
wise if you choose to fuck them right
away clearly indicating that that's all
you're interested in as well
you are the consensual player too and
you are not a victim and I think it's
quite cringy that there are plenty of
women who have benefited hugely from
this kind of transactional sex that are
now speaking up about how scummy these
guys are even though they're just
equally as scummy
because all they wanted to do was sleep
with a guy who was not nearly physically
attractive enough for them to sleep with
in order to gain something I've always
hated it when people go like oh this guy
is such a scum for dating younger women
the younger women are dating him for
something to his money his wealth his
clout in society I personally don't
think there's anything wrong with
transactional sex as long as someone
doesn't cry rape or sexual assault
afterwards or tries to hold some kind of
moral high ground because they're the
female I think that women need to come
to the realization that if what they
want is a man to respect them have
something to respect if what they want
is to not show that they're only good
for sex
don't just only fuck them don't sit
there complacent or even worse actually
comply when a guy says suck my dick or
you know starts kissing you or something
when you're clearly putting off signals
that that's what you want and that's
what you're there for
again I personally have nothing wrong
with casual sex I just think if you're
gonna engage in first date sex or casual
sex or transactional sex and you have
some kind of boundaries and you want
something else other than just the sex
you need to be clear about that you need
to set clear boundaries and a lot of
people are gonna say oh my god you're
victim-blaming or oh my god it's so hard
to do that why aren't we condemning the
criminals rather than yelling at the
victims the problem with that argument
is this criminals know what they're
doing is criminal activity you're not
gonna just tell someone hey that's bad
and they're gonna go like oh fucking
Epiphany I had no idea that was bad you
can't change criminals just by educating
them but what you can do as a woman as
the smaller sex
the more vulnerable of the sexes and as
the more emotional of the sexes you can
use self-reflection to become self-aware
and realize that one Avenue is not going
to lead you to your happiness if casual
sex is what you want to do the casual
sex if a relationship and respect is
what you want frame the social
interactions in the relationship around
that and not the casual sex moreover if
you want to not be raped and sexually
assaulted since we know we can't tell
the rapist not to rape that just doesn't
work take your personal safety in the
hands of the person who's gonna care the
most about your personal safety you get
your concealed carry permit if you're
scared of weapons which you probably are
if you're that kind of girl then
self-defense classes use your wonderful
feminine intuition to know when
surroundings are sketchy to not engage
in certain things that might make you a
high-risk case things like walking
around with a short skirt at 2:00 a.m.
super drunk or going back to a guy's
hotel room and getting super drunk with
him when you don't intend on having sex
with him again this is not victim
blaming from my part this is just common
sense
obviously if you're being a dumb ho and
you get raped that still sucks and the
guy should still go to jail he is not
held harmless but still I don't see why
it's so taboo to tell women to have
personal responsibility to take care of
themselves to watch out for themselves
but it's completely okay to remind
people to like lock their doors not
leave shit laying around or in their
unlocked cars that they don't want
stolen things like that women cannot
have it both ways they cannot say that
they're strong and they're independent
they should be able to do everything
that a man can do but they don't have
the autonomy or personal responsibility
for any of their actions that just
doesn't compute women if you don't want
the responsibility of your choices if
you want to be coddled and treated like
a child then maybe you shouldn't have
the right to go out and make these
relationships
maybe you should be treated like you
have some kind of mental retardation
like you want to be where everything
that happens to you is everyone else's
faults I get it exercising your autonomy
and freedom it's a scary thing because
everything that you do will have
consequences and those consequences will
at least in parts be your fault and you
should be held accountable I know it's
easier to just place the blame on
everyone else but in a lot of these
circumstances a lot of these women are
not blameless and some even so are not
victims the real victims in all this
with the real rape and sexual assault
victims the ones who not by some weird
definition but by the real definition
were raped held down screaming and
crying begging them to stop brutally
raped and assaulted and then the men
being accused of such with no proof
losing their jobs losing their
livelihoods just because the girl
decided not to speak up that she didn't
want to suck his dick we don't live in a
rape culture
everyone thinks rape is bad in fact you
can see from the me2 movement that
people just jump on the asses of anyone
even remotely accused of sexual
misconduct not even assault or rape what
we do lack is women being prepared for
the real world women being able to back
up this whole women or strong thing with
their skills and emotional intelligence
people are rational enough to actually
ask for evidence before they completely
socially convict someone of a crime and
even when someone is really scummy like
for instance Harvey Weinstein doing that
thing where they like erase his name off
of all of the movies he's directed or
some shit like erasing the memory of him
even that shit is like creepy Orwellian
shit what does some guy being a scumbag
in real life or being convicted of a
crime have to do with whether or not he
actually worked on a movie do you know
how many people who worked on any given
movie or any given job have some kind of
sexual deviancy or have committed some
kind of crime it just shouldn't
translate over he should maybe go to
jail he should maybe get sued but that
should be completely separate I don't
think women should ever be afraid to
speak up about sexual assault or rape
especially to a police officer I think
they should be a bit more hesitant to
talk about it on social media before
talking to a police officer or a lawyer
or something but I do think we should
stop doing this believe all women
without any evidence bullshit it just
makes it way too attractive for women to
place all of their sexual regrets all
the blame of a bad encounter on the man
and it makes it way too easy for women
to exploit the kindness of strangers on
the internet in order to get back at
their ex boyfriends or some guy who
treated them kind of met I am genuinely
scared for a lot of my male friends I
feel like I would have severe trust
issues and this is just serving to make
the gap wider and wider in society
between men and women women girls
whatever if you want to be treated like
you're an equal to men like you're an
intellectual entrepreneurial equal stop
acting like a fucking damsel in distress
stop acting like you didn't know what he
wanted - up to the hotel room for stop
acting like you couldn't have just said
no and stop acting like you didn't know
that men want to fuck you can
acts like an infant and then have all of
the rights of an adult if you want to be
protected like your mentally and
physically handicapped you're gonna lose
a lot of your personal liberties that's
just how it works you can't have it both
ways and unfortunately a lot of society
is too pussy to tell you that you can't
have it both ways so you've kind of been
living that way and therefore not
getting stronger not bettering yourself
and self actualizing because you can
make all of these mistakes and then just
blame them on the patriarchy some kind
of man or how the world so inadequately
views women as I always say treat people
as individuals if you want to make a
claim have some fucking proof and take
steps to protect yourself and take
responsibility for your motherfucking
actions and stop failing your
transactional sex to get something that
you want a power that women with looks
have trust me I know as some kind of
assault or moral grandstanding high
ground oh my god he used me for my sex
even though I used him for his XYZ you
honestly the only thing that will be
achieved from false claims from being
too sensitive to jokes or from
conflating something like regret with
actual sexual assault is that you're
gonna make yourself and other females
unemployable because you're gonna look
like liabilities and in turn shattering
the feminist directive of getting more
women and higher power jobs getting more
women hired for careers and shattering
the stereotype of women being neurotic
basket cases who can't fend for
themselves and are much much less
logical than their male counterparts
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
video and got something out of it I
thought it was like a unique perspective
or at least came from a unique
perspective this is the remote for my
camera didn't mean to show it in the
video like the video and subscribe to
the channel if you enjoyed please post
in the comments if you agree or disagree
with me I actually like to have an open
debate as always and anyone who is
dissenting with just ad homonyms and
rudeness and oh my god you're a slut so
you wouldn't know like I'm either gonna
troll you and make you feel bad about
yourself or I'm just gonna completely
ignore you that's a good thing for you
I'm anti censorship so your comment will
stay there until the end of time until
you have children and get old and gray
and look back on how you were rude to a
woman for having differing opinions from
yourself love you guys and see you in
the next video
