why hello wonderful wombat vaginas that
was awful so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want welcome to this week's episode of
Friday night mail girls I'm very sorry
that I have not had a Friday night mail
for you for two weeks meaning I only
skipped one week so I'm not as sorry as
I previously was until just now what am
I even saying let's just get into this
fucking shit we have some things we want
to talk about today I have to get to the
email where I fucking wrote myself a
little vagina note saying who won and
everything so the winner of this
giveaway our last week two weeks ago s
giveaway is Demetrios l Demetrios L
wanted I forget what he wanted what the
fuck did he want he wanted a steam game
of some kind and I've already sent it to
him I actually didn't write it down
usually I don't have to write it down so
I didn't but I actually skipped a week
and now I just don't remember senile I
guess because so old ah we're also gonna
be congratulating it's a wonderful Jake
Roush sounds like a German last name I
can dig it who said the song at 12:29
you were talking about was severed by
Mudvayne I'll take those 10,000 points
now awesome badass alert and that was
the correct fucking song and I liked you
a lot and I actually wrote back win and
likes his comment of course alright guys
if you want to sign up for this week's
giveaway as always I do one a week you
can do so the link will be in the
description all you have to do is follow
some social medias do some silly things
follow my gaming channel if you're a
subscriber on Twitch or a supporter on
patreon or a subscriber to my gaming
channel you get extra rewards for that
so let's do it okay so we have some
actual fucking questions
Robert Mitchell asks what your family is
think about the loss of Vegas move I
don't think my dad thinks anything of it
I think my mom thinks it's a little bit
sad that she won't be able to see me as
much I don't see her that often anyway
but she's never expressed any kind of
discontent about it she's actually
helping me move down there she has a CDL
which means that she can drive bigger
semis and things because she's a school
bus driver so
she's planning on helping me move down
there as well as my dad who has a truck
and can probably pull my car and then
they get to see where I live and
hopefully that will get them one day on
a plane because neither of them have
ever been on a commercial flight in
their entire lives which is insane I
hadn't until I turned 18 and started
modeling but that's a whole other story
within itself and the next question cuz
as always I take to remember guys post
your questions down in the comments I
will be looking at most comments on this
video and picking the best questions so
please ask some good questions they can
even be troll questions sometimes they
pick troll questions unless they're so
good that I'm saving them for a terry
reads comments or something the pizza
fication asks do you ever think you'll
go bigger with your boobs and I'm
getting an Apple software update No
thank you Apple
ah probably not I feel like at this
point I'm defying gravity enough and I
think it's a great size for my shape
according to my aesthetic the only
reason I went bigger is because it's
much easier for you to retighten the
skin and it was based purely on
aesthetic not on necessity you can also
like lift and tighten the pocket you can
do a bunch of other things to make it
tight if you want to make it tight so if
I start to Sag in the future let's say
15 20 years down the line I'll probably
just get a breast lift and not go any
bigger hope that answers your question
I'm pretty happy with the size that I
have right now and by pretty happy I
mean very happy alright let's open some
packages I love you guys so much thank
you I've had these in my living room
just looking waiting and watching and
now I finally get to open things this is
from kit kit is the company that gives
me Commission if people buy things off
of my specs list so anything off of the
list of the things that I actually use
to create my content if you guys want to
check that out the link is in the
description they sent me a little card
that says Tara thanks so much for being
a part of the kit community we love the
kids you've made thus far and we're
excited to see what you create in the
new year wishing you all the best in the
coming year happy holidays team kit and
it's like six people from Team kit I
think that's really cute really personal
it's actually handwritten it's not like
some printed thing where they just like
wrote my name and then signed it which
is nice it's a really cool company
they're really interesting if you guys
want to make your own kits that you can
share to other people this is not
sponsored in any way
I just thought I would let you know
about the site get calm pretty cool you
can put your specs in there just share
with everyone so yeah being a kit
partners pretty awesome moving on we've
got something from tall girl I actually
found this okay so I think this is old
an old gift because I found this in the
back of Jays car and I was like holy
mother of fuck it has been a while since
I've seen this package so I am so sorry
to whoever sent it to me it is a skirt
so fucking cute this skirt I'm gonna
close this before I kill myself and yeah
we're gonna try it on it's got fucking
the last boss of Mario World this is my
second favorite retro Mario game alright
let's just drop the retro it's my second
favorite Mario game none of the modern
Mario games can even compare to the old
ones
second only to Mario 3 let's put it on
whoa I just fucking threw it across the
room my bad wow that is quite tight but
I really do like it I think all I have
to do is lose a few pounds and then this
will be like an acceptable tightness on
my body I might end up wearing this to
an event or something cuz I really
really like it thank you so much to
whoever sent this to me I hope you're
still watching my videos after not
having your package open for a really
really long time I'm so sorry
shoutout to j @j co 5 on instagram for
finding it for me in the back of his car
cuz yeah I'm sorry I'm moving on girl we
got this I don't know what this is this
is from D Henderson and it's personally
addressed to me so it's probably anthrax
I do love me some anthrax what is this
is this a bikini we've got a note in
here as well this is going to be a
two-part package I will send the second
part after I have finished building it
with your plans on moving to Vegas would
it be better to wait to send the second
half after you have moved keep up the
awesome content you make sincerely
Daniel Henderson thank you so much
Daniel let's see what this is it looks
like it is some kind of
sexy wind - oh my god it's like a
slingshot
I fucking love slingshots how does this
work I'll have to figure out how this
works obviously I'm not gonna put it on
like right now okay so I put my legs
through here and then I pull this up and
it covers my titties like this yeah it
covers my titties like this oh this is
tight it's giving me like a belly roll
here mm-hmm
anyway it covers my tits like this and
then I put this over my shoulders I
think we will have to figure it out or
maybe I just tie it maybe I just like
tie it around me every time I buy
slingshots I always look at the model
picture while I try to figure out the
bikini for the first time I actually
love slingshot bikinis and this is
awesome Thank You Daniel and in regards
to your question I am not moving until
June if you send it to my Pele box in
Seattle Renton area my mom will be
picking them up and I will have the mail
forwarded so if that doesn't work my mom
will get it and send it to me but I'm
pretty sure you'll get it to me in time
because we have quite a few months we
have like six months so it should be
good also thank you so much for making
me something I'm very excited
you're awesome all right we have a
manila envelope from fate shop fast fast
it's fast a shop obviously I'm not
fucking troglodytes what is this oh shit
these are the things that I put on my
wish list for high heels I'm very very
annoyed that I am never comfortable in
any high heels no matter what I see
bitches walking around in high heels all
the time they look so content I tried to
walk from our hotel room in Vegas to the
car to go to the wedding in high heels
and I couldn't do it it's ridiculous and
I've like had to model in my heels and
I've just never liked it but these are
inserts to go into your shoes that
hopefully will make me feel better about
walking in high heels because what
happens is the nerves in the balls of my
feet - like the front of my foot - like
fleshy part or whatever just it inflames
and it twinges and I feel like I'm
fucking up the nerves in my foot anyway
sorry for the fucking cry crybaby shit
hi Tara enjoy your gift I want to get
you more shoes - from Cody Oh Cody I
must
Cody is the person who sent me the boots
the rain boots with the owls on them oh
my god I love those they're so comfy and
in this Seattle weather when it's all
rainy and shit it really comes with
handy so Thank You Cody I appreciate it
I appreciate this they're very cool they
come in black nude and this like pretty
floral color which is really awesome
maybe I will finally be able to walk in
heels successfully with this purchase
let's hook it up fuck it up girl
lovely LMT made these cushions give you
some comfort oh shit okay so I also put
these on my wish list and they're very
interesting they go around my toe and
then they're all jelly and stuff so
maybe these will help as well I'm
actually making an effort to high-heel
myself up Veon ah amazing LMT have fun
harvesting yeah awesome these are like
belated Christmas gifts I think this is
the Harvest Moon Sky Tree Village pack
that comes with a cute little blue jay
it's a little Harvest Moon blue jay and
it's really really really really cute
I love plushies obviously I've never
played a Harvest Moon game if you guys
can believe this despite loving the fuck
out of stardew valley so I'm really
excited to play this and now I can
actually play it on stream for you guys
because I have the capture card in
fucking 3d yes
oh my Christmas was so amazing despite
being sick
despite like we're covering for two
weeks and missing you guys I am so happy
I this is awesome
good job rubber tongue maybe I won't
punish you as much for fucking putting
the wrong ending screens on a few of the
gaming videos you compiled for me like
god how useless can you be can't believe
Roberto sometimes dear LM T hope these
will help you in the dark the glow in
the dark
that's so cute what like what do i press
there's like good oh here we go what it
doesn't work what happened do I have to
like turn her on batteries
okay the batteries are outside of the
the module let's move this real quick I
love the fact that I've noticed so that
there's I love the fact that I've
noticed that's so retarded sometimes I
say the most retarded shit and I just
like go with it something like whatever
god damn it it needs a fucking it needs
a fucking screw well I'm not gonna do
that on video
I'm too fucking lazy anyway what was I
gonna say I don't remember what I was
saying but yeah oh I ran Dilys a the
most ridiculous like sentences just like
a jumble of words that kind of make
sense but don't really and then I I
don't like edit it out or redo it so I'm
just like you know fuck it I am a badass
even-even ah fuck I just hit my leg
really hard that hurt even when I say
the darndest things I do say the
darndest thing so okay we've got three
more boxes you guys are all wonderful
except for rubber tongue hoods in a
multi multi bore lightly rub the tongue
why you're such a naughty naughty boy
all right we got it oh I love it when
there's notes not notes make me so sad
all right hi Tara thanks for being such
an inspiration to me
cheesy sorry but true I have no idea how
practical this cup is but I'm sure you
will figure it out ring ring pika
love Nina dishwasher safe microwave-safe
power up mug I mean yeah thank you so
much Nina actually a fucking box Nina
has a channel and some fucking social
networks I will post in the description
she's fucking wonderful she's a badass
she sent me
New Zealand candy before I made a video
on it oh yeah it's the question mark
black mug look at this mug it's even
dishwasher safe I love it so much I have
a work pipe mug but it doesn't really
look like a warp pipe as much and I've
been drinking a lot of tea lately so
this is absolutely fucking awesome thank
you so much Nina this is amazing it's
dishwasher safe - the other one isn't so
I'm really excited about that I have to
like throw it in the dishwasher sorry
I'm taking the thumbnail this is
actually what I do a little hiatus
between opening things when I think that
this is what's going to be in the
thumbnail
and then I like pose for a second to
make sure I got it without any
blurriness screenshot that shit because
I'm Way too lazy to take actual pictures
and I don't have the like little that'll
take a picture for me without bending
over and being like click and then I
can't pose we've got a package from
stamps.com this is just extra rolls to
send things out to the people who are
patrons for $15 and get autographed
images every single month so a little
self promo there on accident I
accidentally sent that to my P o box and
we've got this big-ass thing that is not
heavy at all as all of you have your own
toothless I fuckin love dragons from How
to Train Your Dragon so it's very very
awesome it's and he has he has wings as
a backpack like the wings aren't
actually on there and oh my god his tail
that is the cutest thing ever I love him
so much good job rubber tongue you are
fucking amazing I like you a little bit
today you're a little bit good now let
me let me examine without without any
fucking eye
whatever vagina examine our toothless so
fucking cute dude like Bab build-a-bear
Babcock build-a-bear Kok build-a-bear
Kok oh yeah I love it dude I want to do
like a build-a-bear haul but actually
like an out and about vlog where I go
there and I buy a bunch of the Builder
bears because they have like Sonic and
Tails and they have like these bears
that look like bears but they're like
storm troopers and Boba Fett and kylo
Ren and I'm like oh my god so awesome so
I want to spend like a really a really
kind of not too big amount of money but
probably still a couple hundred dollars
there and I want to like do the little
shhh because you can like run them under
air and pretend to wash them it's like
for little kids but I want to do it
anyway and if you guys want that plus a
haul of what I got
and some like cute little clothes that I
bought for them let me know cuz that's
the kind of thing that I would do when I
go out like that's what I do when I go
out I look at cute things I go shopping
I buy adorable stuff and that's pretty
much it so if you guys want that if you
guys think that that would be
interesting if not I probably won't do
it because you know I won't even make
the 5 dollars in ad revenue and that
just won't be worth it at all
I might as well just save the money
right but if you guys want to spoil me
by just being there to watch me make
teddy bears let me know in the comments
thank you guys so much thank you Nina
Thank You Daniel thank you everyone who
sent me anything like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed
over there will be two videos suggested
for you and a way that you can subscribe
to my gaming channel I would really
appreciate that
if you want to support me on patreon you
can link is in the description but more
importantly check out my twitch in my
gaming channel on YouTube I would really
appreciate that Instagram at Tara
Babcock and just fucking tell me what
you think ask questions for the next
question segment and sign up for the
giveaway because I love giving away free
shit and guess what that's part of my
job so it's tax-deductible whoa I love
you so much
I'll see you next week and I swear we're
not gonna miss any more FM's I miss you
guys when I don't do F&M so thank you I
will see you next time now I'm off to go
play some Pokemon silence dream yeah
yeah
