start fucking now a bitch so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys welcome to
my 2016 end of the year retrospective
video this is my take on it at least you
guys know that I'm not very fond of
arbitrary holidays or markers in one's
life that don't really mean anything in
my opinion each year is just another
opportunity for me to improve and as
long as I'm constantly improving at
least in my eyes I am extremely happy
and that is what I live for basically
just hedonistic alee living and doing
whatever the fuck I want and improving
in ways that I feel are important to
like intellectually aesthetically all
these things in my career everything and
as long as I'm doing that I am happy um
I would say if i had to arbitrarily
define a portion of my life in years
this is the best one I've ever had and
i'm making this video a little bit late
because i've been sick and I wanted to
do this last week and I don't give a
fuck if it's late I know people don't
care about 2016 anymore because 2017 is
started um and I know once I made a
video about how resolutions are really
stupid because I think that they are and
I think a lot of people just use it to
you know be idealistic about their year
and not actually just continue to
improve immediately there's no reason to
say in 2016 I will start to lose weight
in 2016 I will leave my dead end job and
improve there's no reason to do that
start fucking now bitch I need to look
into the camera and do that again start
fucking now a bitch I made a more
powerful because I'm connecting with you
guys and for those of you who say like
look into the camera and then like Satan
bad english like I saw one that was like
look camera in bitch or something like
that ridiculous fuck you dude it's much
easier for me to get the tits in the
shot and to get the fucking face in the
shot and angle it properly and not be
like this if I'm looking at myself also
a clean myself up but anyway I've seen
so many fucking videos about like 2016
is the worst year ever and memes talking
about Oh 2016 can you get any
worse and I just feel like a society
today or at least everyone posting on
social media accounts they're all just
pessimistic pieces of shits that care
more about the world around them rather
than looking at their own lives and
improving themselves and caring about
what's going on with them they're just
caring about what's going on with
everyone else now I totally understand
that it's sad that a bunch of
celebrities died this year I think that
sucks I think there's a lot of talent
out there that is now gone tragically oh
so sad also a lot of people out there
who have lost their lives to things like
terrorist attacks I think that's fucking
awful obviously if I had the power to
just immediately rectify it I would do
so that would be my number one priority
no one would suffer and everything would
be a communist place where everyone has
their fill of happiness it would be
happy happiness communism is what I
would call it but that would be
extremely idealistic and not based in
the real world at all what you have to
do in order to keep some semblance of
sanity is worried about you and yours
obviously it's sad when you hear that
somewhere was bombed but crying about it
is not healthy crying about it doesn't
make any sense these people were not
directly connected to you and if you
want to help pay like pay money donate
help them in an actual way that makes
sense that actually does make a
difference worrying about things being
sad about the past being sad about
people you don't like people die every
literal second a lot of these deaths are
tragedies a lot of these people died too
soon and as I always say there's no
fucking way that you have the
omnipresence or the mental capacity to
care about every single life loss or
every single baby that wasn't born or
every single piece of ejaculate that
sperma fight itself and never became
anything other than any something on
across the old sock you can't worry
about that what you have to worry about
is actually making tangible differences
in the world and making tangible
differences in yourself improve yourself
so that the world for the people around
you is better be a better person all
these things like improve yourself so
you're happy so that you are just
radiant when you walk around and talk to
other people so
they're happy and it's like kind of a
pay-it-forward situation where you're
happy so they're happy and it catches on
and think these are things that are
actually tangible they're actually
helpful being sad about something or
praying for people are making a post so
you feel relevant when you know you're
not in the spotlight mmm I love there's
there's like a video or a meme or
something that makes fun of people who
post during tragedies or when someone
dies or when something in the media
happens it's basically like them on
their social media saying oh yeah but
don't forget about me today like Oh
Carrie Fisher died don't forget about me
in relation to carrie fisher's death I'm
so thoughtful I feel like a lot of
people don't even respect or care about
these people who died before they died
they just want to like bring it up so
that they you know someone retweets them
and they feel special you know like it's
just like it's kind of it's kind of
shitty in my opinion like I will talk
about Carrie Fisher when I want to talk
about Carrie Fisher and it's not going
to be post her death just because you
know that's the popular thing to talk
about right now it sucks that she died
obviously do I really need to make a
post dedicated to the fact that I am
also sad about it unless it was like my
favorite person ever like there's no
need for that in my opinion just like
there's no need to say the 2016 is the
worst year ever and I I'm not trying to
hurt people or belittle people who
actually had a bad year like that sucks
I'm so sorry that you had a bad year and
I hope 2017 is better for you but if
you're saying that 2016 was a shitty
year and you had a terrible year because
of something that happened to other
people or because of something that
happened in the bigger picture that
doesn't actually directly affect you I
find you to be quite an idiot and you
know it's fine if I find you an idiot
that's my opinion that's my personal
opinion and I'm entitled to it just like
you're entitled to be whining about
things that didn't even directly affect
you um 2016 has an amazing year for me
and we're going to go into a little bit
why it was I feel like I'm reaching a
level of self-actualization that I
didn't think was possible I I did a lot
of things this year that I didn't think
was possible like
how much I've grown on YouTube thank you
guys so much like you guys are fucking
amazing the community that we've built
together is like so nice like a
community of friends to me and you guys
actually matter to me and it's been
great to talk to you guys more after I
made a discord account my patreon has
been booming I get five to ten thousand
subscribers every month sometimes more
sometimes less but I love every single
one of you and I really appreciate the
fact that you're making my life possible
everything has been the best it's ever
been this year for me and I am so
grateful for that and for those of you
who like listen to someone talking about
good things that happen in their lives
and then go like oh you're bragging or
oh you're so fucking uh what's a good
word egotistical what when people are
sad about themselves like oh it's so sad
that you're insecure stop being insecure
stop crying and whining everyone has it
worse than you but then when you switch
it around you say my life is fucking
amazing you get a bunch of people going
like wow she's so full of herself I am
myself of course I'm a little full of
myself that doesn't mean that I think
I'm better than anyone else objectively
or that I think that rationally anyone
is better than anyone objectively like
what the fuck stop just enjoy my fucking
optimism in lieu of all this goddamn
pessimism the world is fucking just
drowning in these days it seems like at
least if you look at the media and it
sucks because the media fucking benefits
from only talking about neutral to
terrible things it seems like if you if
you're a person who watches the news
you're probably depressed and you know
not rightfully so not logically so but
the news just likes to they have agendas
they like to talk about you know they
like to blow everything out of
proportion like every single cop is a
killer and every single fucking Muslim
as a terrorist and all this shit like no
wonder so many people think that 2016 is
actually personally affecting them
because that's all they're doing is like
feeding on media bullshit just stop
enjoy your own life Jesus Christ so
aside from that I have been working on
my improving myself psychologically and
intellectually which has been amazing I
used to love to read about serial
killers and
earn about psychology and learn about
sociology and learn about physiology and
learn about is everything I like to
learn about and i have not had the time
to do that since i started full-time
youtubing but this year I've been like
sneaking it in in ways that are tangible
for me like for instance um I when I get
my eyelashes done I listen to lectures
like an actual college course lectures
for psychology when I do my makeup I
found that I can actually watch youtube
videos and some of the YouTube videos
that i watch or crest crash course
philosophy and crash crash course fuck i
can ever say that shit you guys watch
all of my videos you know how bad i say
crash course crash course crashcourse
crash course crash course there we go
crash course philosophy and crash course
psychology there I did it ah yay see
more self-actualization it's awesome
this year in 2017 I started off great by
learning to say crash course fuck ah
okay so um I snuck in watching some
youtubers that I love I snuck in
learning about things that I'm
passionate about rather than just being
fully work and play you know and that's
something that I loved and something I
missed because when I was a model I had
a lot of free time in between the trips
that I would take in the shoots that I
would embark on like a shoot would take
all day and I would have not no no way
to do anything else in that day but
there were days that all I had to do was
keep social media and not much else my
website or whatever and I would read so
much into dreams into psychology and
things like that and I've been missing
that and I finally found a few ways that
I can incorporate that into my life and
that's been amazing Jay and eyes
relationship um it's it's it's better
than ever to wait what was that the
subject to the object that Jay and I
have been having an amazing relationship
the relationship of Jay and me has been
wonderful oh it's been so great like we
even fight over arbitrary shit less and
like we don't fight that much but it's
been just like better than like I've
enjoyed his company even more than ever
and that's an insane amount this year
I've had a like okay first of all I got
new boobs I made my lips perfect like
this is this is what I like and I've
been experimenting with things I've been
forcing myself to experiment because
like I love improving on my aesthetic
but I sometimes will get in ruts where I
don't try out new makeup so I don't try
out new things so I forced myself to try
out eyelash extensions that was fucking
amazing I forced myself to try out Botox
that was hit and miss i really like
forehead baja Botox I fucking hated chin
Botox or whatever so I'm not doing that
ever again and I love that I've been
trying these things that are just you
know improving me they're making me have
more experience it's just everything I
got my teeth fixed um I had like really
weak two front teeth and one of them had
a root canal and it was discolored I got
that fixed perfect eyelashes now my
favorite foundations I found a bunch of
vegan versions of makeups everything has
just been coming together this year it's
been really fucking awesome for me my
content has been it's just better like
it's more high-quality I got Vlad this
year which is this vlogging camera I
love him so much I've returned to laying
on the floor and just talking about
where the fuck I want but much more
coherently than I used to in 2013
nothing fazes me at all like I've
learned to cope with okay so
occasionally like I would read like a
plethora of bad comments on one video
like someone found let's say someone
found my Dark Souls video this is
something that actually happened someone
found my first Dark Souls video and I
guess it got really not viral but like a
lot of people started seeing it and it
was just like a barrage of like safe
Cairo girl fucking or shit you know and
like I read that shit and it doesn't
faze me at all and then like a half hour
later sometimes I don't know if you guys
have ever encountered this problem but a
half hour later I'll start feeling like
what what's the problem i feel kind of
down why do I feel down and then I'll
have to like actually analyze everything
and be like nope everything's perfect
nope everything's perfect that I'm like
is it that stupid fucking mass amount of
hate comments that I got on my Dark
Souls video and I don't like
and then it's just immediately gone and
I realized that I needed to actually
take a second if I ever felt a little
down to try to pinpoint why I felt down
and then as soon as I realized how
stupid every single thing that I was
ever sad about was I just like I've been
such so much more of a happy person I
use that to like I this is like a rare
occurrence to this is just like a small
thing that I've improved this happens
like twice or three times a month where
I feel down and I don't know why and I
used to have to take a nap and then wake
up and I would feel better and it's just
like in the back of your mind something
negative that you're not applying logic
or reason to is kind of getting you down
and I realized that I can circumvent
that by just you know thinking about it
being like what was it and then like is
that actually something that I should
allow to even ruin three seconds of my
life fucking know then stop and then it
stops it's awesome um what else I have
just been tackling things that I I
previously didn't tackle I've been
forcing myself to make higher quality
videos I've been you know taking polls
interacting with viewers just everything
has been wonderful i did the fucking red
tips in my hair which is fucking
psychotically amazing like oh my god i
love how it's fading out too and i might
do something different and I do like
purple to black I don't know just like
everything has been going well my I went
and adopted two kittens with my mom I'm
becoming like more vegan and vegetarian
i'm finding like a bunch of different
like amazing i've just been
experimenting with things and just
literally self-actualizing like I've
gotten to the point where I am
self-sufficient financially holy like
I'm doing quite well i'm saving money
i'm thinking about buying my own a home
moving to a place that suits me better
handling situations that like when I
like handling situations where I would
previously be awkward I'm playing the
games that I love now instead of like
forcing myself to improve in a ladder
which always stressed me out I'm
streaming fucking des games oh my god
like everything is so amazing so I just
knocked over my baby christmas tree oh
poor baby christmas tree no this is the
worst thing that's happened to me a long
time my baby christmas tree
fell over because I kicked it over this
is the only festivity the only festivity
and a bunch of the baby things fell off
I'm sorry baby christmas tree no i'll
have to fix him wha oh all right um I
just thought I would make a positive
video talking positively instead of
complaining instead of victimizing
myself instead of acting like my the
outcome of my life is dependent on
anyone other than me I decided to make a
2016 end of 2016 video that is positive
that is hopefully uplifting to the
people who have felt like their year was
awful just just think about it was your
ear really that awful a lot of people
tend to focus on the negative more than
the positive just try not to do that you
know like try to work on what you want
to work on don't let others tell you
what to do don't let others dictate how
you live your life and don't let things
that don't actually affect you get you
down for more than 10 seconds and in
terms of things like the tragedies and
stuff if you really want to make a
difference being sad is not the good
route helping by sending money to the
families is and you know just try to
understand that try to understand that
fucking camera 16 minutes and then it
stops just try to understand that you
know not everything is black and white
things have nuance and there's always a
positive to most negatives and if there
isn't things can change things can get
better and I hope you guys have a
wonderful 2017 I hope you guys try to
look back on 2016 positively and it
doesn't matter what day of the year it
is it doesn't matter if it's the
beginning the end of the middle just try
to improve yourselves in your vision and
no one else's I love you guys so much I
hope you guys enjoyed this is a little
sillier that I thought it would be I
thought I was going to be talking more
succinctly about what actually made 2016
amazing for me but then I realized that
the the message that i had was more
important than we just going over all of
my successes I
I'm just very happy a lot of people
would not enjoy being me a lot of people
you know try to say that I don't work
hard or try to say that I have it easy
and they can think what they want all I
know is that I've worked hard for what
I've gotten and I am very fucking happy
and I feel like a success story ah and
even though people would be bored in my
life because I don't do shit but fucking
sit on the couch and play video games I
don't go out and I'll go partying
anymore I don't like traveling none of
that stuff or people wouldn't enjoy
living where I want to live or doing the
things i want to do it doesn't make it
doesn't make a difference at all if
nobody was jealous of my life if nobody
envied me I envy myself and I I'm just
uh it's amazing it's so liberating to to
know that you are better than you were
before and to continue improving and to
have a healthy and realistic out outlook
on life i don't know i love you guys so
much i'll see you in the next video i
hope this made you smile and you know if
nothing else at least you can thank god
i'm not as fucking self center does this
bitch and feel better about yourselves
cuz you know ask where most of the hate
comments come from a poor attempt at
projecting or alleviating their own
personal misfortunes and insecurities I
love you guys I'm gonna go streams and
fucking Pokemon Sun woo bike
