I've got a pretty controversial topic
for you guys today we're gonna talk
about incest why is it so bad so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys this is
a topic I've been wanting to tackle for
a while I'm actually very excited about
it because I think it's something that a
lot of people won't delve into when I
made my popular opinions video unpopular
opinions I mean someone mentioned in the
comments that they don't think that
incest is that bad and that's something
that I've always thought and something
that I was saving for my second video
about unpopular opinions and I've been
putting this video off but today I've
been thinking a lot about what I would
want to put into this video and when I'm
brainstorming a lot about a video it's
best done if I just do it in that day
and don't put it off anymore so here we
are
what is incest ask to know whenever but
just in case if someone doesn't know
it's basically having a romantic or
sexual relationship with someone in your
bloodline a lot of people cut it off at
first cousins some people think that
dating a first cousin is also gross you
get to drill I want to ask you guys to
please try to put aside your visceral
reactions to the topic the whole like
you oh my god that's so gross that's
disgusting
and try to think about this logically
and rationally using facts as you guys
know it's a hobby of mine to tackle
theoretical and philosophical topics you
guys also know I like to think of myself
as someone who's more rational than
emotional I try to understand why I do
things and why I feel certain ways so
that I can harness my emotions and use
them for good rather than writing them
around like a roller coaster with no
control I find that to be a better way
to live my life for me personally and I
challenge you guys to try to do the same
if not just for the remainder of this
video as always everything here is just
my opinions and how I see things I would
love to hear how you guys see things if
you disagree with me that's completely
fine and obviously you can do whatever
you want but if you feel like just like
hating me down voting the video saying
some rude shit and then leaving you can
totally do that but I would prefer if we
actually had a conversation where you
brought up points and told me why I'm
wrong instead use your words and your
mind
okay so let's first talk about why most
people think that incest is fucking
disgusting first off our biology tells
us not to like people who are in our
immediate relation there's actually like
certain smells and pheromones that we
give off within our bloodline that kind
of repulses us and while that doesn't
always
there's a good reason for that one of
the main arguments as to why incest is
completely wrong is because you have a
much higher than normal rate of child
deformities retardation basically just
birth defects in general obviously if I
was to theorize why this is the case I
would say the mixing of different genes
is just healthier for instance animals
and insects that reproduce asexually are
actually just replicating their own DNA
on to their offspring so it's basically
like a copy of themselves and while
that's pretty cool
in doing so they open themselves up to a
lot of different issues if there are any
flaws in the genes they're not going to
be improved in the next generation
less likely to survive diseases things
like that honestly science is not my
field of expertise and I haven't read
much into this but I would surmise that
the closer you get to that asexual
reproduction aka reproducing with
someone who has similar genes to you the
closer you get to that issue I feel the
need to say that I've never been
attracted to anyone in my family I have
no agenda with this video other than to
just have a discussion with you guys and
tell you my opinions because they're
very different from the norm so what if
this on a whole the incestuous
relationship doesn't bear children for
instance is a homosexual relationship or
one of the parties are both don't want
to have kids or can't have kids then is
it okay most people would say it's not
right but why is that now let's think
about some reasons why it wouldn't be
okay one of the reasons is a power
dichotomy think about a mother and a
child or a father and a child when
you're raising a child and you're an
authority figure and then in adulthood
you guys end up dating there can be huge
power dynamics there that make it very
unhealthy for the child it could look as
though and it can even be so that the
parent is actually coercing the child
into this relationship
making them feel like that's the only
way they can get love or that that's
something that's completely normal as
you guys know I am NOT a fan of saying
well that's normal or well that's
natural and then acting as though that's
the right course of action for sure just
based on that logical fallacy but if you
do raise a child under the pretenses
that they should have a romantic
relationship with you
you can definitely psychologically warp
a child but honestly when it comes to
like cousins or long-lost brothers and
sisters who meet up one day and fall in
love I don't see any problem with that
if they're being completely
conscientious about all the problems
that could cause if they have children
and they're taking steps to protect
against that then honestly it's really
no different than a couple where one of
the people has some
Jeane that they will surely pass on to
their offspring that's very bad so they
just abstain from having kids like let's
say some kind of horrible disease runs
in their family and they don't want to
pass it on to their kids marrying one of
those people is not bad I honestly
believe that there are people out there
that just aren't affected by our biology
they aren't disgusted by the idea of
having sex with someone that they grew
up with which is another point I'd like
to make often when someone says no he's
like a brother to me or no she's like a
sister to me that usually means that
you've been in contact with them when
you were younger and kind of grew up
with them or you've divulged so much
about yourself that there's no mystery
left and then that person can't see you
as anything more than a brother or
sister or a family member anymore
because it's like you know them too well
if that kind of bond forms before a
romantic relationship forms it can often
be hard for you to see someone in a
sexual way and I honestly feel that's
another part of our biology telling us
that incest shouldn't happen because
birth defects can happen bread your
genes out wide and don't keep them
closely crumpled basically just a
survival mechanism but the fact that
society sees these people in seemingly
healthy relationships and just
immediately judges them that doesn't
make any sense to me just because you
don't think it's right or it's not right
in your culture or you were raised
differently doesn't mean it's inherently
wrong even if our very biology is
telling us not to do it it doesn't
necessarily make it wrong we have many
biological and instinctual properties
that we don't need anymore or use
anymore in my opinion jealousy is one of
them as we don't need to protect what's
ours and a tribe no one's out to get us
but there are many others as well should
we even have organs we don't need so is
it wrong to get rid of your tonsils or
your appendix even if it's going to kill
you because it's part of our natural
biology I believe that any relationship
that has some kind of varying hierarchy
can become toxic but I'm not within the
relationship to actually be able to make
that assertion just like you guys are
not involved at the relationships of
incestuous people that you like to hate
on the Internet
there are plenty of famous guys who have
sex with fangirls why is that not look
down upon just as much as the woman who
has sex with her son she might be
manipulating and taking advantage of him
the superstar might be manipulating and
taking advantage of his status as a
superstar with these girls is it
happening you can't tell for sure unless
you're like actually a part of the
situation so might as well not judge and
try to open your mind to new ideas from
other people who grew up differently
than you so let's just talk about the
red
stereotype or the uneducated southern
rednecks like to have incestuous
relationships with each other that was
probably just based on the fact that
things are rural down there and it's
really hard to find another person of
the opposite sex and people who might do
that tend to give less of a shit about
what other people think or be less
intelligent but I honestly don't think
any of that factors into who actually
has incestuous urges or not I feel like
there are tons of quote-unquote normal
people who have thought they had like a
super hot cousin or something or a hot
aunt I don't know I feel like the
further removed you are from that family
member the more likely you are to find
them attractive and there are stories of
brothers and sisters who have never met
in their entire lives coming together
and falling in love is that wrong they
didn't have to change each other's
diapers or see each other in their most
vulnerable moments and even if they did
who is to say that that's wrong that
might make the bond for some people even
stronger so I challenge you guys to in
the comments tell me why it's not okay
to involve yourself in an incestuous
relationship with someone you're not
having a child with that isn't
manipulating you to do so and you're
both consenting adults why just because
society tells you it's weird just
because some people have the preference
not to do it most people have the
preference not to do it what does that
matter
live your life the way that works for
you how you see fit and what ultimately
makes you the happiest as long as you're
not hurting anyone else who gives a shit
I fully accept all of the hate that is
going to be thrown at me by people who
immediately judge rather than actually
listening and analyzing and all of those
who just immediately hate me because of
the way I look once again no I've never
wanted to or have been in an assess you
astray ship I've never had anything
thrown upon me that I did not want
possibly one of the reasons why I'm not
as affected by this thought as a lot of
other people like making up in my head a
really hot cousin doesn't freak me out
too much is maybe because I don't have a
large family so I don't really know what
it's like to spend a lot of time with a
cousin I don't have any siblings I do
have a mom and dad aunt and uncle
cousins that I barely ever see and one
other thing why the hell is it worse for
a brother and sister to have sex but
it's like completely fine and an
accepted porn genre for a mother and
daughter or like sisters to go at it why
is that different why is the fact that
there's no penis involved make it hot
rather than creepy I would love to hear
your thoughts on this I think mostly
because for lack of a better way to
explain this lesbianism and bisexuality
aren't
taken as seriously there may not be any
skin to skin penetration of anything
other than fingers but it is still
incest by definition so why is that hot
and the other is not look within
yourself and tell me in the comments why
you have such a viscerally negative
reaction to this and if you don't tell
me that - I would love to see other
people other than the first commenter on
my own popular opinions video who thinks
this like I do what's the big deal
alright guys if you enjoyed this like
the video and subscribe to the channel I
want to do more videos like this where I
talk on certain topics that I'm curious
about the reactions to I want to build a
community of people who think rather
than feel and think about why they feel
and I just genuinely enjoy the
conversation I love you guys and I'll
see you in the next video
