so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new vlog vlog today I'm
gonna actually be responding to
someone's uh comments someone left a
comment saying they wanted me to talk
about and maybe give some insight from
my modeling career about the whole
controversy right now we're some
Instagram model got outed for the fact
that she would sleep with an underage
kid or something for money and it's not
just about sleeping with an underage kid
is the fact that there's a lot of other
Instagram models who have been outed
apparently by some website for being
willing to take money for sex or money
for things that are less than morally
high ground II you know what I'm saying
like I don't have anything against
people doing simple transactions like I
want to have sex with you huh well I
want money or a really nice lifestyle
and then you know they're consenting
adults and they're fine with doing that
kind of thing I think it's fine I
wouldn't personally do it but it's not
really a big deal to me but I usually
don't take requests like this because I
feel like channels who often talk on the
most popular topics and they do it
constantly I feel like they're they're
less about giving some actual insight
that people might not have thought about
or actually doing anything constructive
and more about just getting the views or
whatever so for that reason I'm not
gonna be doing anything other than
saying you should watch Philip
defranco's video on it if I remember
I'll post it in the description if I
don't remember you can check out his
channel and try to find it he titles
things really unfavorably in my opinion
so hopefully you can find it I'll do my
best to remember to put it down there
it's funny I'm actually rear according
this video I did this video yesterday
and for the first time and as long as I
can remember I it was so bad I have to
redo it it's crazy like I couldn't even
edit that I feel like I'm actually gonna
put the fully unedited version of what I
cluster fucked yesterday on patreon so
if you guys are patreon patrons that'll
be up there I don't know next week or
something but oh my god it was that and
I'm not saying Vlad vlogs have to be
perfect this is more about me just you
know word vomiting and you know whatever
my fresh idea is off the top of my head
and just being one-on-one with you guys
you know but it was so bad it was so bad
Oh was it oh yeah okay so okay so we're
gonna talk about this topic if you guys
need any more information other than the
fact that there's this website that's
outing Instagram models for taking
sponsorships for certain things
sometimes it's not as dirty sometimes
it's not illegal sometimes it's just
people feel like it's morally incorrect
to do so I'm gonna talk a little bit
about my background a lot of you guys
probably just think I am a gamer that
makes gaming videos or a vlogger that
makes YouTube videos or someone who has
a lot of followers on Instagram the
reason I have so many followers and I
came from a place of a lot of followers
and transitioned into YouTube there's
like something on my nose pick my nose
for you guys you like it the reason I
was able to do that so effortlessly was
because before that from the age of 18
to the age of about 23 I was a full time
glamour model now glamour models are not
as I guess you would say high class or
like highly paid as someone who's like a
fashion model and signed with like a
Ford modeling agency or something
crazier and is doing catwalk stuff or
works for Victoria's Secret I didn't
even work with playboy that was my
choice if you want to watch the video I
entitled why I don't do porn I also
talked about why I don't do playboy in
that video but um I was pretty
successful I was able to make a living
barring the few times that J's income
and his job actually helped us you know
get by and stuff I was successful and
the reason I quit was not because I
couldn't make it anymore or anything
like that it was my personal choice it's
not really my kind of lifestyle if he
doesn't know anything about me I am NOT
the kind of person who you know you can
judge by the cover obviously I look like
someone who likes to go party would like
to travel the world wants nothing more
than to take old dude dicks in order to
have as many Prada bags as I want or
whatever the fuck I fucking hate high
heels
I hate Prada bags I hate expensive
things I hate expensive places I hate
traveling I hate all that shit I hate
fake people I hate trying to converse
with someone that I'm actually
interested in over very very loud music
in a club or a party I just don't like
any of that stuff
I prefer to stay at home and play video
games and if you read any of my really
really old like 2011 interviews when I
was a model for like things like
American curves Maggie
or anything online that you might find
about me I talked about how I just
played a bunch of WoW and really liked
playing video games so for me I love I
love the creative and sexual outlet for
modeling and when I do get my perfect
Speltz body back which I'm getting to
I'm getting there
I do want to do more modeling and stuff
again just for fun like themed shoots
and things things that I don't get paid
for things that I control and I can be
like I want this theme this makeup this
hair and that's what interests me the
artistic aspect and the sexual outlet
aspect of it I really love that should I
love sexualizing everything it's just
who I am you know but I don't like
everything that comes with it so I would
much much prefer what I'm doing now to
being a full-time model of any caliber
with any amount of money and that kind
of philosophy also leads me to not be
the kind of person that would be a sugar
baby with a sugar daddy or someone who
would ever have sex for money I have sex
because I enjoy having sex you know like
if I if someone gives me money after we
have sex I would probably take it but
the reason that I had sex with them in
the first place although that would be a
little awkward whatever the reason I had
such to them in the first place is
because I find them attractive and for
no other reason because I feel like it
would do my body good to get that dick
inside me I would never compromise my
comfort and what I want to do or
anything like that for money and I don't
feel like people who have different
tolerances for different things are
wrong I don't feel like my morals are
the correct ones I don't feel like
anyone's morals for anything can ever be
objective everything is subjective and
based on your environment your society
and that brings me to why I don't feel
like it's such a big thing that this
South American / Mexican I'm not quite
sure I'm just telling I'm basically just
guessing based on her accent it sounded
like she was from South America or maybe
Mexico I don't know if she even knows if
in Dubai it's illegal to have sex with a
13 year old boy I don't know if it's
illegal in her country or in her region
and in some countries and societies
that's perfectly fine our body is
biologically are ready to have sex in
between the ages of 9 and 12 and not
just have sex procreate and I
we get someone pregnant or you know
ejaculate and have sperm so you know if
anything biology is telling us that it's
okay to have sex at that age but it's
basically just society not preparing
younger adults or younger kids for that
kind of thing is what makes it morally
wrong in a more objective way you know
what I'm saying like if you take someone
who's still playing with toys and who
doesn't even know what the female body
is like and then you know throws sex
upon them that can fuck them up later
it's from a psychological standpoint and
that's why we need to protect our kids
or something there are kids who aren't
as immature at that age there are people
who were forced to be more mature in an
earlier age or people who like for me I
had sex at a really young age but it was
my choice and I really wanted it and it
was something that I experienced with
someone of my age as well and we were
just you know experimenting I don't
think there's anything at all wrong with
that I feel like if you feel like you're
ready you should you should do it as
long as it's within your legal rights
and it was within my legal rights
because he was my age as well and he was
consenting and if it's okay in Dubai I
don't know if it is you guys can correct
me but if it's okay in Dubai to have sex
with a 13 year old boy or a 13 year old
boy to have sex and that's perfectly
fine then I it just goes back to like
the moral like is it okay to take you
know to take money for sex type of thing
and I don't know I don't really
understand at all why people are shocked
by this of course there are Instagram
models who don't do everything by the
book of course there are women out there
like this is like a long known thing
that they're women and men out there who
you know would take money just you know
would take money to do things that you
might view as in you know morally
bankrupt or whatever and it's so
ridiculous to me the double standard
there that they imagine okay you as a
guy most of my viewers are guys like at
least 85% right now yeah yeah we upped
we up to the female viewership another
5% thank you guys I really appreciate
that to all my girl viewers but there
are so many people out there that if
you're honest with yourself and you're
sitting there judging a model for taking
money for having sex with someone or you
know being a call girl on the side like
a lot of models and a lot of porn stars
or call girls on the side and they
choose who they have sex with and they
take money for sex and it's just extra
spending money or they'll take the money
to be a companion to go like travel
around the world and have their dream
life if your dream life is that a and
you could have it just by having sex
with someone who is the repulsive or
isn't even repulsive maybe you know you
just like sex so much and you don't
really discriminate that much you know
like you really wouldn't take money to
have your dream life or you really
wouldn't have sex to have your dream
life sorry about that
um I feel like a lot of people who would
lie about it especially like there are a
lot of men they're just like yeah why
not Cougars awesome
so having sex with a cougar getting a
lot of money and living your dream life
traveling all over the world you really
wouldn't do that I feel like it's just a
lot of really jealous people who are
jealous of that lifestyle and then when
they finally find that downfall that
that oh my god they're expose they just
like rejoice because finally they can
feel better about themselves you know it
just seems kind of like a really petty
really like yeah you're acting like you
wouldn't do it but you would totally do
it kind of thing and this is coming from
someone who wouldn't do it and is not
saying that to try to get you to think
that I'm law some kind of saint I if I
would do it I would tell you and there's
a lot of things I would do that you guys
would not there's a lot of things I do
that the general populace thinks is
morally incorrect in all ways and I
don't care I'm completely honest with it
that's just not one of the things that I
would be okay with I'm very picky about
my sexual partners I'm very picky about
what I do with my life
I wouldn't even when I was a model let
me tell you a story that's kind of
similar to this I never had sex with a
photographer I never had sex with a male
model I had such as a lot of female
models Jay and I when we traveled we
would often hook up with female models
and stuff and that was fine to me as
long as it wasn't on the job and I
wouldn't I was open to having sex with
male models it was just had to be not on
the job you know what I'm saying I would
never do anything to further my career
and that was the only purpose of doing
it if I wanted to have sexual relations
relations with someone I would
definitely do it and you know sometimes
when you're close to someone for
whatever reason like if I was a really
good friend to someone then maybe if
they were a publisher of a magazine they
would you know think of me first to
publish them but that isn't my intent
and you can't all wait you can't just
like judge someone
and assume their intent you can't
actually know what their intent is so
it's just up to you to decide whether or
not you want to support that person or
whether or not you want to be friends
with that person and whether or not you
feel like that person is honest and
believable and I know a lot of people
incomes are gonna call me a liar and
that's fine that's your choice that's
your opinion I'm putting my life out
there for everyone to see and that it's
your right to make an opinion on what
you're seeing that's publicly available
I think it's wrong for someone to have
leaked this video of this woman just
stating that she would do these things
as if it's like the contract you know
there should be an unspoken contract
there that when I'm pushing a contract
to you like let's say I'm signing okay I
used to sign a lot of photo releases as
a model so I'm signing a photo release
and I'm putting my address there and I'm
putting my phone number there would it
be okay for someone to just release that
to the internet no that's like bad
business that's so like you've done
something in my opinion that's so fucked
up and so icky that now whatever you're
exposing doesn't it doesn't really
matter anymore you've violated someone's
trust and as if it's like extremely
extremely illegal then sure whatever you
know for the greater good type of shit
but really it just seems like you're
trying to get views on your website and
that's how I feel about it so there was
this cut there's this thing called
hedonism there's like it every year it's
like hedonism one two three it's like
you know a series of parties every year
I don't know if it's annual or if it's
like a couple times a year or whatnot
but um it would be a bunch of glamour
models and a bunch of photographers and
they wanted me to come down and they'll
fly the girls down but if you are one of
the girls that gets flown down you have
to stay in a room a hotel room and it is
a nice hotel room but you have to see
with like six other girls that you don't
know I'm not okay with that I don't go
out of my comfort zone for money I don't
go out of my comfort zone for fame or to
further my career I if I was gonna do
modeling or if I was gonna do anything
that I do I'm doing it on my terms and
those were just my rules I would never
allow anyone to push me around in that
way another thing that I also required
is that they sign a release it says that
like if there's any nip slips or
anything like that they're not going to
post it online and I learned that shit
the fucking hard way you got to have
your own really
you got to stick up for yourself or have
a lawyer or something do that for you I
also bring J or another assistant
on all of my shoots and I pay for it
unless they're willing to pay for it as
if it's like a package and they brought
it up I will always pay for like his
flight his lodging and stuff and they
weren't okay with that and I was like
okay why and it turns out that this
place is basically just the older
photographers want to go there and hang
out with the pretty models the the
pictures that you get from that place
are grouped shooty and they're low
quality and it's just like and it was
just not something I wanted to go to and
I found that out by having my
requirements scoffed at and then he had
the audacity without me even being any
bit antagonistic I was just telling him
what I require and what I will do and
what I won't do he was like you'll never
get anywhere in this modeling industry
if you don't do these things and I was
like okay bye and then I proceeded to be
one of the models that a lot of people
were like the legendary Tara and it felt
really good and I made money doing what
I did and I was good at it and I was I
was places on time I prided myself I'm
really bad at being places on time if
it's something for me like an
appointment or a party or something that
I decided to go to socially and not for
a work you know a work thing I'm late as
fuck I am NOT fashionably late I am
unfashionably late but for for modeling
I was I was so professional everything
was everything was professional I won
that's what I wanted you know if I was
gonna be my own boss if I was gonna have
non-exclusive agencies and I was gonna
work for myself it was gonna be a
hundred percent professional and
everything and I prided myself on that
and there was another thing that I've
had a few I've had a few people tell me
that you have to sleep with people in
the industry to get ahead I've had a few
girls that I knew who were dating
photographers and to me I'm not a
hundred percent sure I can never judge a
book by its cover like but to me it
seemed like the textbook like I'm
sleeping with you to get a lot of
pictures or I'm sleeping with you so
you'll submit me to the publication's
before anyone else and it seemed like
that and there was some of that but
the idea that you have to do that is
it's not at all true of course you're
gonna have to look at all the people who
do do that and see that maybe they're
getting ahead but you know you should
just always be yourself and you know
what if being yourself is not really
caring who you sleep with or being
yourself is caring more about living
this lifestyle that you've always
dreamed of more than having your freedom
from a sugar daddy that's perfectly fine
do what the fuck you want and don't let
anyone tell you otherwise just like I
wouldn't but um and this other thing one
more thing I want to talk about
regarding this these are my thoughts for
this one more thing I want to talk about
is this home like putting quotes around
Instagram model it's fucking bullshit I
was a real model
I was printed I you know traveled places
and was in publications big and small
and I worked for lingerie companies and
stuff like that but I would never put
down someone who is an Instagram model
by going model Instagram models like
that's just how the modeling industry
has evolves and there's no reason for
you to put them down just because their
main venue is social media i I don't
sorry my camera stopped I don't
understand why this is a whole thing to
be like oh you're not a real model
you're just an Instagram model yeah but
she has 1 million followers and you have
like 3 so stop being so jealous it's
always that you always have to find that
one thing that someone thinks is wrong
with you or that one thing that they
think that they can push your buttons
with and they just use that against you
because they're jealous and that's just
like another thing that I've noticed you
know like if you have anything wrong in
your life or if you have anything that
someone could perceive as wrong they
will put you down with it because
they're jealous of your life because
they want to feel like their life isn't
so shitty compared to how they view your
life as so amazing you know what I'm
saying and um well it's like I said
there was another thing I was gonna say
it was gonna be super empowering and
awesome I don't know I hope you guys
enjoyed this video this is one of the
few times that I'm gonna talk about
something that's popular in the news or
whatever the fuck in the in the
Instagram YouTube news I guess not in
the real news
I don't really feel like this is
anything new I feel like it's
interesting that someone's you know got
caught doing it but I feel like a lot of
people definitely do it you see
Instagram models traveling the world all
the time and sometimes they're just
getting paid to promote a resort like a
resort is like okay we want you know
better publications like more people
coming up site more people coming into
our resort because we want it to look
all beautiful and romantic and amazing
and then so they'll pay a model to go
there and live it up while taking
Instagram pictures to their 1 million
plus followers so people go like oh I'm
going to Bora Bora I want to stay at
this resort and that makes perfect sense
and that's a completely normal and what
you would call quote-unquote legit
business transaction but then there are
times where it's some dude who's rich
and doesn't have time in his job to find
a real wife or a real girlfriend and
just wants to look kind of cool so he
hires a model to come hang with him and
if they happen to have sex they have
enough sex but he's paying her to be
there and she gets Instagram pictures
for her you know for her page that make
it look like she's living the dream like
it's just a transaction it's a business
transaction
there it's consenting adults and I don't
see the problem
if prostitution if direct prostitution
is illegal in your area don't do it if
underage sex is illegal in your area and
that's considered underage don't do it
but otherwise who the fuck cares like
the video subscribe to the channel let
me know what you think and let me know
if you want more sorry it stopped again
my card got folded I only have like a
minute so yeah like if you subscribe to
the channel let me know what you think
in the comments as always feel free to
agree or agree or disagree with me I
think it's this way that there will be
two videos there that you can watch if
you're interested also my gaming channel
if you want to check that out and my
Instagram if you want to follow that I'm
a great Instagram model at Tara Babcock
as with Twitter at Tara Babcock and all
that stuff I really appreciate you guys
and I hope I did this content justice I
don't know the topic was interesting mmm
this was so much better than my life
