hi guys welcome to a new episode of
Saturday afternoon mail sorry so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want what's up guys
and welcome to what should be Friday
night mail happy Festivus for the rest
of us but in all honesty before we get
started today I just want to let you
guys know that I love you all I
appreciate everything you do and I
sincerely hope you guys are having a
wonderful holiday season for whatever
you celebrate for whatever reason at
whatever intensity if you are one of
those crazy people that have like a
whole manger and a baby Jesus outside of
your house and flashing lights that wake
up your neighbors gothic Tara applauds
you on doing whatever the fuck you want
and whatever makes you happy as long as
it's not affecting your neighbors too
much
all right teeth is black as my soul
anyway guys I'm sorry that this is a
little bit late I've had so many fucking
issues with the internet things have
been going on I'm just trying to keep up
all I've been wanting to do is stream
3ds games because oh my god I just got
my capture card in 3ds in the mail
trying to balance eating pizza as a way
of celebrating Christmas for me
finishing Final Fantasy 15 enjoying my
life and making videos for you guys and
worrying about moving soon hopefully
okay guys let's just jump right into it
this week's winner of the giveaway is
Stefano R Stefano R wanted assetto corsa
on Steam I sent that to him I hope he's
having a good time playing the game and
just enjoying life in general and I hope
he appreciates the gift you Rock Stefano
congratulations
I've never heard of that game what is
that game if you guys want to sign up
for the giveaway link will be in the
description as always all you have to do
is follow the link and it's your choice
how many entries you want if you support
more check out more of my social medias
then you get more entries so those of
you who are twitch subscribers and
things like that extra entries for you
guys as always in the giveaway which is
my Christmas gift to you this year you
can get an autographed 8 by 10 one of my
merch items from the store of your
choice and in your size or you can get a
steam game of your choice it's up to you
moving on let's answer some questions
Wafi official asks i forgot i was subbed
here i deleted the previous comment out
of respect to myself I was being an
insecure bitch sorry about that I don't
what you wrote but I kind of like how
you're taking responsibility for maybe
hate posting or shit posting when you
are in a bad mood I don't know but I
just respect that a lot but what I think
is that half the people here miss the
point of this whole channel be yourself
but yeah thanks for being blunt it is
appreciated did you get a boob job by
the way
what made you choose to do so sorry I'm
too lazy to find videos where you
already covered this and then he also
asked what makes a bloke attractive what
advice would you have for a dude who's
working on self-improvement all right
we've got three questions from one
comment let's just go ahead and start
with the first one the first one is did
you get a boob job the first time I got
a boob job was in 2008 when I turned 18
the second time was in October of this
year where I got an upgrade to silicone
and a few other tweaks and 100cc
increase as for the second part of that
question what made me decide to do so
was the fact that I just really loved
that aesthetic I did my research weighed
the risks wasn't a healthy mindset
I just wanted big-ass fucking titties it
was what I wanted for myself and it's
also what I view as my desired aesthetic
which is one of my hobbies now - the
third question what makes a bloke
attractive now I can easily answer this
can tell you all day all about what I
find attractive in a man but your last
question what advice would you have for
a dude who's working on self-improvement
leads me to believe that you're not
necessarily looking for my personal
perspective on male aesthetic but you're
more just asking because you want to
improve yourself and you also want to be
more attractive to the female gender
always a good motivator for aesthetic
improvement honestly what I like is
big-ass burly men with dark features
very sexy maybe like a European
background I also like a bunch of other
things in a bunch of different times
even though I have a type of my
attraction can be all over the place
I've been known to fall for like chubby
nerds on occasion I really just let my
vagina guide me but if you want to
improve yourself make sure that what
you're doing is what you want to do
don't just follow Society or what
someone else tells you look in the
mirror and be happy with yourself and
before you go on improving unless you
know it's just working out because
working out is always good if you
actually go further to change something
even as crazy as a haircuts
as not crazy as a haircuts make sure
that you're not making these changes
just to try to have self-esteem you need
self-esteem that comes from within
yourself not from changing your
appearance your physical appearance is
only one very very small and superficial
part of you and it's not what you should
be change
you're feeling loved yourself at every
stage learn to come to terms with your
flaws especially the ones you can't
change and the ones you can change make
sure you're doing it with a healthy
mindset that's my advice let's move on
to the next question
sidebar while I'm trying to find the
second question without my phone dying
as always if you want to ask me anything
please post it in the comments post
whatever your heart desires in the
comments it'll either be great fodder
for Tara Reid's comments which a new
episode will be coming soon or I'll just
really enjoy reading through your ideas
I love you guys so much and I really
want feedback on my videos when I see
that there's not that many comments
sometimes and makes me kind of sad we
are a community of awesome people and I
always want to keep the conversation
open so if you have a problem with
anything I've said if you don't agree
with me if you do agree with me if I've
made you smile throughout the day let me
know I love the silent majority too but
if you could be a little bit louder of a
silent majority that would be great turn
the phone back on my phone's doing that
fucking oh go to sleep all the time
because it's almost dead thing which is
really annoying when I'm trying to
answer questions but this is the last
thing I'm gonna do my phone for this
video so let's just get through it Oh
Zach plays asks hey Tara I wanted to say
I love how you go about answering
questions you get it really feels like
you're talking to someone instead of
just answering at us if that makes sense
it does and I appreciate that that's
what I try to do with all of my videos
anyway end of rambling what's your least
favorite that excuse me that isn't in
your least favorite genre like if you
hate portal you can't say that you hate
it if you hated puzzle games anyway have
a great day I'm not 100% sure what
you're asking but you clearly are
talking about games
my least favorite game and that's not in
one of my least favorite genres so it
can't be something that's from FPS
because I don't like FPS games so I
can't say my least favorite is Call of
Duty or something so you want like my
least favorite game from my favorite
genre shit I feel like this is hard and
I'm giving you guys anxiety playing with
this box cutter like this but you know
fucking why not fucking Russian roulette
Russian roulette but sharper sharper
version haha fuck I don't know like it's
funny because I really like Skyrim and
I'm really addicted to Skyrim and I'm
enjoying playing it but I would say that
my favorite genre of video games is RPGs
and I feel like it's highly overrated I
can't think of any game in the RPG genre
that I just wanted to grade like crazy
but when everyone talks about how like
Bethesda games or North American RPGs
they're so much better than Japanese
RPGs I want to like shoot myself in the
face because there's no fucking way that
Skyrim can stack up to even the most
convoluted or silly or turn-based random
encounters fucking Final Fantasy game
but that's just my opinion
obviously like all of these questions I
answer giving my honest thoughts
hopefully that answered your question if
it didn't please elaborate on your
question and I'll try to follow up with
another answer next video
anyway comments questions ideas
embarrassing moments put that shit in
the comments moving on let's open some
packages from you guys hmm
gothic Terra is feeling very cheerful
today I hope you enjoy my look it's a
little bit different I'm doing the hair
on the side thing which I don't usually
do because I don't like my ears but I
like switching it up it's fun
let's open things first thing we have is
like it's a it's like nothing I don't
understand and it was like crumpled into
my peal box I know I hate how people
handle mail like how can something get
this fucked up it's like there was this
one time where J has like this drawing
book cuz he's decent at drawing and it
was something that he really enjoyed
doing and I asked to draw on his drawing
book and then when I went to the car I
put his drawing book on top of my car
and I drove off and all the pages went
flying and I felt so bad and they were
all over the ground in the ground was
kind of wet because Seattle and people
had run over some of the fucking
drawings and I was outside in the middle
of the road picking up the drawings and
they were less dirty than this
what the fuck moving on we've got some
freebie pasties but there are actual
pasties inside of here realistic nipple
pasties we were talking about this on
patreon I said would you guys find it
hilarious if I bought some of these
pasties that actually look like I'm
totally topless and then did a
fanservice Friday I'm excited to mess
around with these they are fucking
hilarious oh my god two pasties for the
price of one Thank You Joseph I
appreciate it there's also like a little
star here I don't know I don't know
what's going on with this star but it's
a sticker is this a pasty is this the
tiniest pasty ever what if we just stick
okay there we go that that's cute I have
a pasty on my face a baby pasty Joseph s
you are a badass
I'm so glad that wasn't like a poster or
something that they defiled in the most
disgusting way okay okay okay
we gonna open good I appreciate the the
Christmas gifts and everything you guys
are awesome by the way what is this this
is from Brett Brett bought me a this is
a police paracord little bracelet with a
police little insignia on it is this
from smalls oh my god okay I have a
viewer on Twitch I'm not even two
percent sure cuz I don't actually know
his real name
oh the cutest little thing ever my nails
are impeding impeding anyway I have a
viewer on Twitch who is a cop he's also
an ex-marine I believe and he knows I
really like cops this is from you smalls
I appreciate it I love it thank you so
much these are cool the paracord those
are really cool they're like toaster D
it's insane
I don't know and what you can do with
these is you can actually untie them and
then they have a bunch of different
survival uses don't quote me on any of
this cuz I'm not a hundred percent sure
I'll actually have to look it up and
stuff now I can always be protected
maybe I can put it on my ankle anyway
Thank You Boston red okay Bret I
appreciate it you're a fuckin badass how
did you know I have a thing for cops
yeah
alright focus back on me focus back home
hmm I was really gay next thing we
thought is a woman's best it says on the
customs declaration let's let's let's
see what it is from Korea I like things
from Korea women in particular I like
them women move me from Korea is OE I
think as OE mentioned the shoe is
getting like this oh yes we've got
another Pikachu tank well not another
Pikachu take we have a Pikachu tank oh
yes it's so cute so cute it's stretchy
it's sweet mm it's a little bit like
longer than the other one so I'll
actually be able to do this as an actual
part of an outfit not just like an under
boob shirt but I can also roll it up and
make it an under boob shirt oh you
do you wanna pick up my shoes do you
want a peek at I peek at you showering I
peek at you masturbating I peek at you
masturbating like literally I do it it's
one of my favorite pastimes you guys
wonder what I do besides gaming and
working and fucking I peek at you while
masturbating I'm masturbating who you
are as well thank you so much Zoe and if
Zoe you didn't send this to me you just
get extra love because you're amazing I
love you girl mmm
all right we have four more like this
and then we have one medium sized box
and one gigantic heaviest fuck box from
Avery so this is the next thing we're
gonna open by the way just fucking thank
you dude like seriously you do not have
to send me anything you guys
consistently spoil the fuck out of me
and oh my god I could not be happier oh
my god the studio ghibli little aw dude
I love these these are like cell phone
charms but I'm gonna put them on my 3ds
they're so cute there's a note right
thank you no no there was right oh it's
over here okay whoa hi Tara enjoy your
gift from Adam thank you dirty baby
Adams name is derpy I'm not just calling
him derpy even though an insult
simulator he kinda is wreck you anytime
baby girl okay so we've got a number of
toda rows we've got a cat bus and we've
got a football set balls are my favorite
that's what they look like so cute thank
you Adam focus repeats
come on bottom button up up up you guys
have no idea what song that is because I
did a horrendous rendition of it just
now ten thousand points if you know what
song I'm talking about okay this is a
package from Sean B big boa Sean beef I
love him so much he always sends me
things he does not need to send me
things it may not be the ideal package
cutter but I'm gonna make it work for me
today oh really
did you really get me a blu-ray version
of my favorite movie of all time
wall-e that is so sweet and so bumpy oh
I love packaging packaging yes too
Tara and J oh he addressed it to Tara
and J so anyway
I'm standing in line to buy you a
freaking Christmas card and the line is
like 17 billion people long because
everyone and their stupid brother
decided today was the best day in the
history of the world to do their
Christmas shopping and all the dumb
teenage boy at the register is thinking
about his dumb teenage girl to other
register and some dumb lady is turning
her purse inside out to come up with
exact change like she's gonna win some
kind of exact change trophy or something
and some idiot starts up with his this
item has special holiday pricing crap
and I just really hope you like this
Christmas card $20 steam giftcard this
is fucking bad-ass cuz I stole it I
really wish I had finished that rant the
card rant before I got hyped about the
steam steam giftcard cuz that's fucking
awesome anyway Merry Christmas Tara and
J wait you're supposed to sign your name
they're not put my name and J's name I
love you Sean but come on I'm not gonna
remember who this is from in like five
years when I opened my binder of things
you guys send me I'm not gonna know who
this is from well I guess I'll just have
to remember and work on my long-term
memory because it's bad thank you so
much Sean be for sending me a copy of my
favorite fucking movie of all time in
blu-ray I do not have this yet and I
really appreciate it also this Christmas
card is like the funniest thing ever and
the steam giftcard perfect gift
I like gift cards as long as they
actually pertain to something I'm gonna
use
I just recently used my birthday one for
target because that's where I shop for
my groceries the subway one and the
Nintendo eShop one because you know new
3ds love you what all right baby girl
we've got something squishy hopefully a
cutie plushie baby oh yeah what is this
it's not a plushie well oh I know what
this is
Totoro fucking stockings okay funny
story
I bought some stockings when I was in
Vegas because I wanted to wear stockings
with a dress that I wore to the wedding
I started to put them on there actually
nylons I think yeah they're nylons I
started to put them on I put a run at
the bottom where it would be covered up
by my high heels and I'm like okay it's
just one run I proceeded with these
nails just put a hundred runs in them
and inside they were too smaller it was
hard to get on I just don't know how to
put on nylon so I'm like really afraid
to put these on and I'm gonna do it very
carefully and very slowly and off-camera
not right now in the heat of the moment
but
are awesome expect nylons pictures and
then the saddest part is I left those
battered torn up nylons in Vegas
the day before I read on patreon that
someone wants a fucking nylons
fanservice I'm like that would have been
perfect I felt so bad for them too
because they got zero use it was just
like spend $20 on them and Express and
rip them to shreds
I'm sorry nylons I guess these will have
to do thank you so much I don't know who
sent this to me but I really appreciate
it I've wanted these for a while they're
very very cute it makes it look like I
have Totoro on like my knee region which
is fucking awesome and I have a Totoro
dress that can go with it at the gift
award goes to you whoever you are I
don't know because no notes because from
China we've got one more Manila
motherfucker
and then that was really really wangster
white girl - white - white of me before
we go into the where we going to the
boxes hi Tara enjoy your gift from Adam
mm-hmm oh my god it's the LED ring light
from my phone I totally forgot I put
this on my wish list but I can like take
selfies with this it's really cool I've
never tried one of these so I'm really
excited - I didn't break it did you it
was stuck together and then the little
pieces came off and now I'm dying
alright so it goes like this and it
becomes a ring light once I put
batteries in it I'm assuming yeah I need
to fucking triple A batteries blah blah
I don't know I don't take selfies
anymore with my phone
all done with Vlad because he's so good
but this might be helpful on Vlad Vlad's
a little fat though I don't know if
he'll fit in there
interesting products I'm excited to try
it thank you derpy wrap bye cool oh yes
okay so this box I was super sad that I
didn't get last time because it's from
Cadia and Cadia was like super excited
she was like baby girl you have to get
this this week and I'm like I don't know
if I'm going on Thursday oh my god and
now I finally have it I'm really excited
to see what she's so excited about
because if she's excited I'm excited and
we're both excited and I love you baby
girl you sexy she's this asian chick
she's a cam girl you guys should check
her out if you're into asian chicks and
cam girls like I am she's very cute she
likes dick pics she likes them very much
we do exist we do exist what is this box
this box like enter 20 with itself I've
never even oh it was it was just taped
Kris
why am i drooling I think it's cuz I'm
thinking about KDF there we go we've got
it open on oh my god so much stuff holy
crap mascara a 2016-2017 little journal
book calendar thing so I can keep my
appointments dude this is awesome what
is this oh my god we've got a thing
Merry Christmas dear Tara I hope you
have a wonderful holiday season it must
be exciting to be moving to Vegas soon I
myself in moving at the end of the month
to a new apartment so I share some of
the moving pans with you girl anyway I
hope you enjoyed this random assortment
of gifts I know you love gaming but I
thought it would be nice to spoil you
with some girly things as well I just
want to remind you how awesome and
amazing you are you provide so much
content so frequently and you are by far
my favorite youtuber that I found this
year and the only one I've ever sent
anything to oh that's that's fucking
amazing I'm flattered you have such a
beautiful mind and sexy body quite a
killer combination anyway I hope you
enjoyed this letter in this red envelope
it's very Asian she's Chinese so my own
family celebrates Christmas differently
than most and we usually just trade
money in these envelopes for all special
occasions hope you enjoy the keepsake
I feel like prettier family now PS I
love your winter merch love KDF plug you
can check out Katie's stream 8 link down
in the description as well as my you
know winter merch not so good is this
what you smell like some sulfate free
shampoo from sacred TR anti breaking
anti frizz I like girly stuff I do oh my
god luma nating lip gloss thermal water
spray this is really cool I actually
needed some water spray recently because
I got a fucking chemical peel and I
couldn't find any anywhere so now I have
some Oh an NYX butter lipstick oh you
know my favorite brand uh heightened
awareness Anytime beauty refresher
it's got coconut water peppermint oil
and cucumber extract and it's cruelty
free perfect eyeliner concealer oh my
god different colored mascara I've never
had any color but black so that's pretty
cool nail polish I makeup remover lotion
which I have never tried another red
lippy and what is this a sexy picture of
my girl Cadia muah
baby girl I love these I love it when
you just send me a picture with all this
stuff - oh there's another one
I put this back in the box or is this
another one
my mentally challenged find out next
time on Dragon Ball Z where this sexy
Bowman gets fucked in the ass by Vegeta
thank you baby well this is awesome I
really appreciate it fucking amazing to
see that I have so many female viewers
and stuff especially ones that I can
call friends like you alright we have
one more thing one more thing and it's
huge and I can't pick it up so we're
just gonna like bend over this way I
just vacuumed so I'm trying not to get
peanuts everywhere oh I already have one
of these dude my parents caught me this
for Christmas last year it's crazy that
you would give me another one it is the
Pikachu Totoro actually Totoro Pikachu I
actually have the Pikachu Totoro as well
look at it it'll tell you I never mind
getting duplicates of plushies I just
makes it all the better because I can
put one of these and a different setup
and then still have one in the streaming
room where I can cuddle one on the bed
and have one in the streaming room or I
can just put two right next to each
other and be like yes collection I don't
discriminate thank you so much Avery is
a fuckin badass yes yes he is we've got
a letter I know this gift isn't over
9000 but I hope it's close winky face
you asked where do I shop well for all
of my anime needs I go to a little shop
called unique imports in the Clackamas
mall in the Portland clock in my area in
your best Shao Kahn voice you can say Oh
Suzie that was bad what was the first
thing you've said to Adam other side hmm
that's a hard one Avery you're a badass
you got me another fucking piccolo
another piccolo can you believe it dude
I'm gonna be like floating in Piccolo's
hahahaha oh shit no no he's okay he's
still in the box
alright we've got one more thing in here
and this is already I actually already
have this I think no yeah I think I have
this already but it's like slightly
different Shao Kahn isn't sitting in the
arena in the one that I have it's
actually up there oh my God my Shao Kahn
shrine when I move is gonna be so robust
I have like a bobble head I have like
six figures six figures sounds like an
income and not an amount of Shao Kahn
figurines but that is how many I have
plus the gigantic one plus the other
gigantic when I'm getting this year plus
the cardboard cutout oh my god Avery you
are a fuckin badass now
there's like a ton of peanuts in here
LED light-up skull mug this is cool
let's see let's see oh my god I can
drink my my terrible-tasting wine out of
this oh I don't know if you guys can see
it but it's like lighting up let's put
something behind it so you can see yeah
there you go that's gonna be so fun it's
gonna be like my goblet that I drink out
of when I need to get drunk for drunk
streams Avery you badass all right now I
have to go fishing through oh I need to
turn this off I have to go fishing
through the box to make what the fuck
turn off all right we're gonna go we're
gonna go diving into peanuts right now I
did find my box cutter in there but
other than that that's all folks
wait why was I like an Italian it maybe
that's how folks can't do it I can't do
any voices today or ever I'm just the
worst thank you so much guys for
watching I really appreciate it
like the video subscribe to the channel
and check out the fucking you know
fucking videos that way there's like two
videos that are ones just for you and
ones like you know new uploads I'm just
fuckin check shit out I really
appreciate you guys so much please post
in the comments what you have to say
whatever it may be let me know if you
like this look today or any of the gifts
and just you guys are so amazing you
have made my Christmas special when I
didn't think Christmas was very special
not because I'm like a Grinch or
anything just because religion-based
holidays are not really my thing
but you guys are you guys are everything
to me thank you so fucking much I will
see you guys next week with a new Friday
night mail hopefully actually on Friday
night this time sometimes I gotta fuck
up you know sometimes keeps me human
sleigh bells ring are you listening in
the lane santa's pissin a beautiful side
cuz he's got a long dick walking in fact
lands you guys wanted me to sing another
fucking terrible christmas song with my
own creative license your faults
