good morning Las Vegas so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want this is our last day here
I just did this video for the for the
home hunting whatever the fuck but now
I'm going to do it for the actual vlog
so I'm just getting ready with all the
addresses for home hunting and then
we're gonna check out here we're gonna
get the fuck out here put everything in
the car but yeah we have like five hours
or less than that to go check things out
and then we have to be at the airport
drop off the car yada yada I will update
you guys look there's there's old
breakfast I got a veggie burger for
breakfast Jay always gets like eggs and
stuff and let me give you the final view
our hotel room there it is it's weird I
feel like the drapes opened larger but I
don't know if you hear is not as good as
it Night but it's still pretty good i
will update you guys when I know more
all right we're just about to leave you
guys can't really see estimates say bye
to the room j ma bye Thank You room oh
my god yes Jay look we can be seen mmm
because now there's light it's not like
a slow at all I had some Canadian it's
fucking idiot alright guys we are gonna
go we have everything ready there's the
bag hopefully we didn't leave anything
I'm sure we've left something at some
point like there are a few dresses i
cannot find but last time looking at the
view it's been fun Vegas will be back
sometime permanently all right let's go
to the real estate agent let's go your
by hotel
alright guys we just checked out flat
please focus thank you we just checked
out it's so funny because like two
nights ago we realized that the fuckin
what is it called the water that's the
fiji water is fuckin $18 of audible 18
fucking dollars a bottle and we weren't
like using them thinking like I whatever
we could get like free water at the gym
or like you know have though the water
brought up with our room service and
stuff but we just like used all three so
fucking 18 times three dollars on water
and then there are also three disowning
is in the fridge and those de Sade's
were like six dollars or eight dollars
or something it's pretty ridiculous how
like expensive it is to buy things or to
get room service with oreos very weird
but it's fine it was doable my phone
bill was eleven hundred dollars and
sixty-eight 1111 hundred sixty eight
dollars yes I figured it out and Jays
with $75 because apparently this morning
is breakfast was somehow put on him so
yeah is 120 dollars a night and then the
flights were thousand dollars this is
like a two-thousand-dollar trip at least
which is really annoying because it's
such a close it's like an
hour-and-a-half flight from Seattle so
it's kind of annoying that like I waited
so long to book the flights and then it
was like a negligible difference I think
I told you guys on patreon appear on my
patreon but it was such a negligible
difference between a there's a cocks man
it was so funny yesterday um we were
talking about how we want fiber wire
Amanda the real estate chick was like
well no one's forcing you to take cocks
and I just like almost died and Trey
didn't even realize like there's
something wrong with you if someone says
force you to take cocks and no one
fucking cares honestly yes so we are on
our way to sahara avenue okay we're just
going to this real estate agent place
because we want a real estate agents
opinion on certain things and maybe they
can find us a pre-owned or a new house
or something and a better I don't know
what the fuck they do I don't know what
their fees I don't know if we're even
going to use one we will find out once
we get there I love to you
how much longer
two minutes oh yeah we're here we're
going to check out signature real estate
this was the real estate agent company
that had the best reviews on zillow and
on Yelp and stuff so we're just going to
check them out get a feel for things and
ask him a few questions and stuff i'm
not going to record the talking because
you know i feel like that awkward enough
that i had to say hey my job is youtuber
but to be like filming and being awkward
that would be shitty so i'll update you
guys way to the airport chopped off the
car I wanted to let you guys know I
totally forgot about vlogging
good-looking crowd focus on me
what you doin lad we're off the we're
off the tram thing now so i can actually
blog a little bit we just got done
checking out a new property we have a
real estate agent now and i'm going to
go into depth i'm going to go more into
detail with this fadila blog but the
cotton place we really like and if we
can't afford that place or a lot of
places around at like its and basically
all i have to do now is just check out
with the lender to see what I can't
afford with what i can report and I'm
pessimistic about it but it seems like
my real estate agents and the people at
the complex we want to build that or
whatever are pretty optimistic about it
so we'll see how it goes and I will
update you with another building home
buying video but I want to take you guys
along for the ride we are now
approaching the place where we have to
check our bags and stuff and I'll just
update you guys when we land and seattle
i'll tell you how the flight wasn't
probably going to have ridiculous
anxiety again but i'm going to try not
to and
oh that's about it thanks for watching
the video guys one more update and i'll
be done this is probably to be a really
long video too I hate during this
it'll just me our moment no I don't know
my flight number you caught lunch sca
sca
we go yes so I said isn't it 750 right
all right we're at the airport we're
walking by the welcome to Las Vegas sign
it's like goodbye las vegas by Las Vegas
reg a by Las Vegas will be back soon I
look gorgeous look it's a benefit
they're not fucking cruelty-free fuck
that shit you I'm on a plane where you
shot meet you Ella trunks what the 101
what is this
why would you need that you're going to
get me banned on YouTube man all right
we're about to get home which I'm very
excited about I'm not happy about mine
just like very much
at least at least we have first class
though
no crazy sitting next to us
still watching that video I'll tell you
when you get home if we made it guys
what the hell is this
how is she 50 what
what she's been moved back into the at
all I should have applied i was able to
i was able to was on pink floyd myself
away from feeling too awful but it was
hard it's a command ewell effort we're
going to get my my packages there's a
puppy and then we're gonna meet my dad
outside who's probably already been
waiting because i said 1030 NS 1047 so
he's gonna take em gee I'm like shut up
oh I'm ready for 30 degree weather let's
do it are you ready let's just do it so
this is where I'm going to end the Vegas
blog thank you for watching every to
like the video subscribe Channel and
make sure you check out the other two
videos that are now being shown I don't
even have titties right now man sorry
guys hope you enjoyed this if you want
to see me as I said before if you want
to see me actually shot shopping for
houses and stuff that will be as really
separate vlog and I don't know which
one's going at first light focus
it's very very cold outside
si si my dad is an asshole why can't you
just be waiting here you told me what
he'd leave after Oh where's he at he
says be there in five minutes I said
it's cold what the fuck I wanna go home
I wanna go
I don't even notice in Carlos I conclude
that him this one truck as an aestivum
assume
so when i'm off the plane you guys don't
even know you guys didn't understand
my retardation I'm literally half
retarded yeah but I can control it the
Jedi mind tricks but it was not fun
wasn't also Pink Floyd and Jedi Mind
Tricks water we waiting for
oh I thought my dad had a cop man get
sick we're gonna know that's not how it
works James no it's not being around
people and lowering our immune system
makes us sick not just being out in the
cold alone no I have my personal space
it's the dog's fault dogs hope
where
arms getting tired is it kinda so it's
late
yeah but he's got a lot extra flummery
where
he better brought my fucking Pokemon Sun
hold on
arms I actually buttoned up haphazardly
my shirt come on it does he not see us
the one with the platinum hair and
talking to myself
no loading and unloading understood
we're going to hold it down here from
now on oh it's awful nevermind
towards the pain
that's got him him go oh god I keep that
know it is so kudos pursue totes mcgoats
it's in song his blood black isn't this
it looks dark blue is it I don't know
you gonna find what is it like what she
said nothing
I've been recording for four minutes and
39 seconds that's been a lot longer than
five minutes that I've been waiting
are we are we totes mcgoats its mana
took afford a world you know silly yeah
that's gotta mean yes 1d hundy let's go
yeah what if it's not though we so
awkward
I'm comin I'm cold
I'm going in there what ah I hate you
you took forever yeah there's a fucking
line up all the way back Oh see putting
them in the back y'all that how could we
get yellow we just got here hey fucking
hit the leg with your car door huh
you'll protect themselves where's my
Pokemon Sun ok Mon I don't get it your
solution was to move while I motor what
is this luggage in there I don't want
this hold on us Marsha how do I see
yours yeah I'm do oh yeah Pokemon Sun
I'm getting I'm getting a 3ds from Japan
that that has a capture card in it so I
can stream it stream yeah someone get
why you were driving while I was living
on the light because the fucking door
wouldn't open all right so you guys
didn't let me get off it
