these contours are fucking crazy so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want so yesterday
last night specifically was the wedding
it was really fun is really cute is
really a Magic the Gathering themed
which I really liked the seating chart
was exactly like seating charts of magic
tournaments and when you went to find
your table there was like I don't
remember what was on ours but it's like
two magic card card stuff and it was
cool as nice I supposed to picture of it
on Instagram if you want to go see it
you can do that it was a really pretty
wedding really simple not a ton of
people I got really drunk and I still
don't have a hangover I've literally
never gotten a hangover I thought the
first time I had a hangover was um
during the Toby debacle but it turns out
that it was just like my really really
poor reaction to Molly
so yeah that's neither here nor there
but today we're gonna go to one of the
builders of new construction properties
and see how long the turnover is for
getting a new house if we wanted to get
a brand new constructed house we feel
like that's the way to go because most
of the things on Zillow our new
constructions are like areas where they
can put a new house and it's already
there to have the plot and everything
and I've always hated living in spaces
that other people have lived in before
because like all the corners of all of
the like I forget what it's called but
like all the corners of the wall and you
know that little like red little not red
little white board near the floor that
is always always dirty and I really just
don't like that I don't like the idea of
living in a place of somewhere else is
lived in I was fine with it for a house
because I didn't think we could possibly
have the time or the money for the
builders costs we're gonna go see today
and since so many properties are just
new constructions on Zillow might as
well see if that's can be a reality for
us that would be really cool I wanted to
go to some open houses today but it's
already like - almost and the open
houses all ended - so we might go to one
tomorrow I also want to go to a real
estate agent tomorrow and then we fly
home later in the night like it's 750 or
something the wedding was fun we hung
out with we got placed at the table with
Brian Kuebler and his wife I didn't even
know he had a wife or anything about her
but she's look really cool
she edits his own YouTube videos if you
don't know who he is he's a streamer of
hearthstone and a magic pro and I think
he'll say this poker stuff not sure but
um he's pretty popular and that was fun
and there were a bunch other magic pros
and people that I knew there that I got
to talk to a little bit but I was pretty
antisocial I'm not like there's no
amount of alcohol in the world that can
make me dance around like a dumbass so
I'm kind of just like sitting back
watching everything hanging out with Jay
and that's what I prefer anyway so it
was fun um they went back to the Suites
they have here at the Aria after after
oh it was like 9 o'clock that the place
closed the reception area and we went
there for like two seconds and I was
like let's go home and fuck that'll be
more fun so we went into that and then I
fell asleep and woke up in the middle of
the night and had a bunch of mini
Snickers because I was like still
feeling feeling a little bit dizzy and
stuff and then this morning we went to
go work out I got I had a smoothie and
hash browns and bagel we got an extra
thing hashbrowns I wasn't planning on
having it but I had it anyway and then
we went to the gym so it's cool diary -
it's the gym I don't know I'm a little
bit out of it also it's hard for me to
talk over TV I don't know why we're
watching like really terrible Lifetime
movies you know the whole like my sister
is evil and she's actually the mom of
the child that I'm the mom of according
to the child type of thing you know
we're either watching that or the
Science Channel which is like
Mythbusters how it's made I love how
it's made of so awesome but then they
started playing some like dumb shit um
that I don't really care about some
History Channel type stuff some History
Channel stuff is cool but some of it is
kind of boring so I switched over to the
terrible lifetime movies and we're gonna
get going so I'll update you take you on
the ride and everything and hopefully I
can show you some houses would help be
so cool I wanted to take you guys into
all the open houses and stuff because I
know I'm not gonna be living in these
because I'm moving in like six months
and I'm not just gonna like they're not
gonna hold the property I've heard me
for six months or anything so yeah
that's my update sorry I didn't take too
much footage or any footage I'm not sure
if I took any I don't remember of the
the wedding I just I don't know the
etiquette there and I didn't want to
because you know they have their own
like professional photographer there and
I feel like if I'm taking a bunch of
footage of the bride and the groom and
I'm putting it up online like that's
kind of rude because then everyone's
already seen it but then there's like
professional photos that are coming in
a few months or something and that kind
I don't know I don't know if it's wrong
or not I'm gonna go fucking blend my
nose and my contour and then we're gonna
go Pikachu what the fuck all right we're
on our way oh yes leaving downtown once
again Pepsi Cola oh my god the giant
kisses they play a lot of
taxation
I'm to you
we're getting their pajamas Lexa's and
Logan he's fuckin do I guess I wasn't
too bad but still you like slow down to
get over in front of us
it looks a lot closer in real life just
everyone here is like
in between the range of a bad driver and
a really fucking bad driver along with
some fuckin asshole
so point three miles I think it's that
excess
I like these rock look at mountains but
I miss all the trees evergreen trees
they're the neighborhoods around we're
going to look for houses and stuff
gravel see a lot of grabbing here I want
to live in a gated community you know
we're gonna go inquire about some stuff
all right it took a long time for us to
find the Welcome Home Center but
hopefully they have a bathroom because I
could be really bad I don't want to use
this sand again let's go see what
happens I swear to God all of these
stations here only plays the idol music
Seattle grunge it's very weird anyway so
we just got back from we had dinner at
this place called Mimi's Cafe I think
they didn't have any burger substitutes
for vegetarians so I got like a summate
Oh bisque with like a three cheese
fucking melt thing what are they called
grilled cheese like one of my favorite
things but I don't like different
cheeses I like just like really bad like
Kraft singles or like the Kraft singles
vegan versions those are so good oh my
gosh this is they don't have that no
restaurant hasn't anyway um so I decided
that I'm gonna make the the house
hunting a totally separate video so if
you guys want to actually see what went
on during the house hunting I'll you
know make it out to give you a synopsis
here but I'm gonna be doing the whole
video where you get to see be touring
the houses and my opinions and stuff so
basically we went to this place called
Leonard Leonard has a few properties I
think like actually 20 properties it's
like in areas and they have these open
Lots
and you buy a house and then choose a
lot and that's where they build your
house and it takes about five months to
build the house for you and it seems it
seemed too good to be true you'll see
how happy and excited I was in the video
the other video the separate one but
then we looked at the reviews and the
reviews were like really bad but the
reviews are really bad for every kind of
builder home builder like that
specifically they were saying that a lot
of people who move in into this brand
new house have so many issues with like
the electrical wiring being put in wrong
things not working and then when they
put in a request because everything's
under warranty for one four or six years
I think even when something's under
warranty they won't come in and fix it
and when they do come in and fix it
they're assholes about it some people
talked about how I don't know maybe I'll
put this part in the other video I don't
know what I'm doing some people talked
about how their build
move-in date like the data that should
supposed to be built and finished it
wasn't actually finished in time I don't
know tomorrow gonna go check out some
places but I just wound up take you guys
and let you know like I was really
ecstatic I was like this house is
perfect I just hope I can get you know
enough lender money to get these houses
and that was my only issue and now it's
like am I gonna get swindled am I gonna
have everything on time is everything
gonna be quality I don't even know if I
should buy a new house now or if I
should go with an already built house
that could you can just get an
inspection and then it's fine and I
don't know what we're doing so I'll get
you guys we're gonna go back to the
hotel and do a little pokey walk there's
Jay kata did Oh today it was really cool
fathers at lambeau um Jay Jay like
caught a Pidgey right and then the
Pidgey like transformed and do a ditto
and it's like oh you've caught it oh
it's really interesting especially
because we thought you couldn't catch
dinos so we're just driving around
looking at some of the houses in the
areas that we might be living in the
house is all like pretty nice some of
them have that stucco look or whatever
but um they're clearly like high-quality
houses I don't know it's really nice
that we're like up here and supposedly
it's 10 degrees cooler up here and it's
cool though we're like next to our next
to the mountains I don't know it just it
seems seems pretty I just can't imagine
moving up so much from like the
two-bedroom apartment in Seattle that
costs like a fucking arm and a leg just
something like this beautiful in this
big you know it's like three times our
apartment or something four times our
apartment
for like even the smallest places
there's a pink Hummer limo in front of
us that's cute
how cute is that J that's real fuckin
cute that's right
we're back downtown can't wait to get
back to the hotel
we're taking the tram thing crystal from
aria and check out the shopping stuff
I'm also playing Pokemon go cute we're
over at the shops and crystals across
the street some Louie Vuitton display
it's the only interesting thing about
Louie Vuitton man there's a huge tree
over there like the biggest you ever
seen that's about it still playing
Pokemon what is that it's a full tour or
outside on the strip just thought I
would show you what it's like on foot if
you haven't been here before this is the
way the cosmopolitan it's actually
connected or something I wanted to go
across the street to that fucking
big-ass coke bottle this seems like a
lot of work I don't even know where it
is No
it's very fun to just walk around play
Pokemon
why not it's the egg slut - hahaha
would anyone like some sluts strip view
if Vlad will focus
oh yes literally everyone down here is
just like taking pictures and shit and
there are more people outside and there
are instead
