so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want good
morning guys this is my breakfast I got
a spinach and two cheese white egg white
omelette some rye bread
check out this Southwest thing some
vagina also we're on Zilla looking for
open houses and things today so yeah
that is what we're doing I'm also gonna
go to the gym I'm ready to go to the gym
and then after that we're gonna go pick
up Jays suit and stuff
I'm glad flat is finally finally fully
charged cuz he was dying last night when
I was out playing Pokemon go I'll date
you guys later I'm like super hungry
this fucking what does it called
hashbrown is really weird it looks like
a pile of meat or something I haven't
tried it yet but we shall see okay we
just spent to work out and we're tasting
okay so we got these juices these ones
are supposed to be for a lot of energy
jay is like freaking out over this one
he's like the spiciest thing I'm like
he's like freaking out like oh my god
he's freaking out so I don't know this
has ginger lemon and cayenne cyan
peppers in it and it's supposed to let
me see if that will focus - spend all
day with you glide just fucking focus
all right fuck you blood it says
wellness shot Jay Jay to the sip of it
and he's freaking out so how do you
think I'm gonna react I don't know I'm
gonna hate it there you drug it and the
rest
it's kind of weird oh it's really really
spicy if you want to make it better are
you lying to me he's lying to me so I'm
not like freaking out like he was and
I'm really sacks that thought I was
gonna be like doing the pepper challenge
and it would be cool to film now I see
breakfast okay this is a citrus to
pineapple apple lemon and mint find that
blueberry pineapple a few um yeah this
is actually really good I expected it to
be awesome it's awful I mean awful an
awesome should not be using like a
foreigner now I don't know what the fuck
we're watching on TV we left it on
Mythbusters dude I saw on TV oh my god
there's a commercial okay so I really
wish I was someone in the fucking you
know okay if you watch my things I want
to do before I die videos I've always
wanted to be on Mythbusters and it's so
weird because it's like why would I be a
guest on Mythbusters
pitties or something but like they're
actually casting for the next generation
of Mythbusters and I'm really pissed off
and are not someone in the science
community because I would like love
being on Mythbusters I think that would
be like that's the only time I would
ever want to be an actor because
obviously they're acting when I talk to
each other it's like really bad acting -
we're watching one about whether or not
you can replace the fuel with water and
whatever the fuck you know I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go get ready I gotta get ready
we're going to the mall today um what I
did today is I I got all of the the
places that we want to go to open houses
on the 11th for I got all those together
then I got a few Realtors that we're
gonna go check out and then I found a
few builders because it looks like a lot
of the houses here in new constructions
and I could be spending just as much on
a like brand-new house
as I would spend on a house that was
built in like the 90s or the 2000s or
something so - we'll do that right and
have like the choice is the way my front
of my house looks or the choice or the
way that the bathroom looks and that
just makes more sense to me I'm not
surebut the building costs or anything
like that so we're gonna we're gonna go
check that out I'll update you guys
later
all right I am ready to go for the day
wearing this outfit this is the one that
Jay voted for so I just had to wear it
when we're hanging out we have to go
where like it's like 8:30 no it's 5:30
right yeah
5:30 and the shit closes it's 9:00 and
we didn't get ready because we had to
wait for food we actually had to wait
for the little console that we can order
food on to our room to gain power
because for some reason it charge is
really really slow and I left it off the
hook that night last night so I feel bad
but yeah I'm wearing a little blue skirt
with it and yeah I'm ready to go my
eyebrows are really weird because doing
my eyebrows in this place I don't know
why it's just not great and I'm not
wearing a bra this time you can actually
kind of see my nipples well you can see
it like the pointyness of them so
hopefully we can find a suit really
quick and find me some high heels really
quick because the wedding's tomorrow
morning and I don't even know what time
I have to look it up let me show you me
and the cityscape for tonight oh yes I'm
excited let's go
we're going to the mall in Summerlin
which is where we think we're gonna be
living so it makes sense to go get
familiar with that area it's so pretty
so pretty at night it's kind of like
it's okay during the day but it's so
much prettier tonight all right I'm
gonna go we gotta go it's gonna take us
like 30 minutes to get there or
something so hopefully we have enough
time to shop because if not we're dying
forever we're dying forever we have
nothing to wear Jay actually has nothing
to wear I'll just wear I don't know
flip-flops or something but that would
suck I didn't even bring any like flats
I don't really have any flats cuz I
never have to go to occasions like this
where I need to dress a certain way it's
so red all right guys right I'm all cold
town Summerland is literally just called
downtown Summerlin like that's not
actually the place it's the mall it's
weird
anyway something I've noticed about this
place is that literally this whole of
fucking last two days any time we drove
anywhere that people are just hold on
let's go chances
people are just insanely asshole drivers
it's like you're driving in New York or
something almost it's like almost that
bad like Jay was just like trying to get
over because he had to get over to turn
into this mall area and he had like a
decent amount of room and the guy behind
him just like sped up and was gonna hit
us if we didn't go back into the lane
and then earlier we had like 40 people
just go around us like really close like
in between two cars to get in front of
us and it's not even just downtown like
this is this is like a pretty we're all
normal mall there's like a tiny rest
I gotta flip it over it's a small
Oh Vlad just focus don't put a closer
that makes it worse
all right look at this tiny fucking
grass it's a it's so tiny
all right guys it's a fucking outdoor
mall which means that this is not good
for me because I'm freezing today holy
shit
we're gonna make it work somehow
this is what it looks like there's palm
trees yay let's go try to find something
relevant it's not bad just the I feel
like the best is far too big for you
maybe let me tighten it in the back like
it's supposed to be also good tucking in
job man
all right we're trying on the medium now
I don't know I don't know how to tighten
this to make it look normal I don't even
know this is very good
well you're supposed to set it in the
back but I feel like what the fuck do I
doing that I'm like so out of my own
yeah you look you look buffer - yeah
it's good where's the back like so I
don't know I looked at all these shirts
throw is see-through so you can see your
tattoo something about it looks cheap in
the back I don't know I the eye dish I
feel like it's supposed to be underneath
an actual suit top or something I no
idea waiting for Jay to buy things
just wink to you that was retarded I
wouldn't expect this at forever 21 I
fucking despise these places well that's
cool
also they like kinda ripped it a little
bit pre rips oh yes
oh my god these builder bears don't want
to build something oh my god J look
there's the sonic somebody told me that
there's the tails here and I'm like what
oh we should make a toothless
should we make a toothless you know what
I'm doing all these plushies are also
happening we're in heaven he's wearing a
hat or something I don't know what's I
don't know what's wrong with this engine
he's retarded okay what are you confused
about with this it just looks like a
tongue without a mouth it's it's the
tongue through there and then above is
the open mouth it just looks really
which one over him I don't know I kind
of want a Charmander and a fucking storm
trooper and a toothless but the
toothless is so cute look at that look
they have stormfly and barf and belch -
look at these outfits oh this is so cute
blue the sonogram that you guys J says
we can't do it because he said we can't
do it he's lying I'm so jealous
hey guys I'm sorry about lighting I'm
out here Jays doing his hair but this is
the final look I did my eyes a little
bit differently I didn't do them as
purple and do my lips as purple because
let's face it there's like no purple in
this dress and even though it looks kind
of good and made it a little bit more
fancy - because the eye shadows darker
and I tried to blend more I don't know
it still looks fucking stupid Bob that's
what the dress looks like I'm wearing
these okay they're like grey no shame
like that
there's my shoe and there are my gray
leggings I bought like nylons like
actual black nylons and then I ripped
them like immediately I have no idea
to put on nylons anymore and they were
like nylons that definitely should have
fit me I've tried to put them move my
foot and I like ripped them I'm assuming
because I have like really pointy nails
or something and then I proceeded to rip
them like a hundred more times I'm like
okay I can't wear these
but that many runs in my goddamn nylons
but yeah I will show you in the mirror
as soon as I get into the bathroom I
really like to look I'm happy with it
it's semi comfortable hopefully it's
gonna be warm enough and bringing my
like leather jacket not the one with the
sweater arms because that's too informal
but I'm trying gonna try not to wear it
because I feel like a leather jacket is
too much
you know it would make me look too
gothic even with the pink loops but yeah
I'll give you a shot of J and a shot of
me in the mirror on this J's of the
bathroom and stuff alright guys J is
ready okay good girl dude we can't
figure out the back of this thing like
at all I just know dude every single
thing I've seen on the internet in the
middle yeah I just shoes high heels
I don't do this alright we're gonna get
going we have like an hour to get there
but still
for classic rock and his plan Pink Floyd
enough pretty good shit
all right hopefully you make it there in
time because we're like gonna be almost
late almost
all right we're here at TPC Summerlin
I'm not gonna combust into flames
because this is not a church and maybe
there's a chapel I don't know there's a
chapel everywhere in fuckin Vegas but I
don't know the etiquette about taking
video and footage and stuff when I'm in
there so this might be the last time you
see me ever for a few hours all right
let's see what's up it's where this at a
golf course this is like a golf course
Country Club type thing but yeah we're
like almost late so we're gonna go
figure out what's going on thanks for
helping me pick my dress by the way guys
it's an outdoor wedding we're on a golf
course
court I don't know where J is going very
pretty we were the first people on the
quote-unquote golf cart shuttle woman's
day doing J
Tara oh my goodness we're veggies
because we like vegan stuff
