so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to my Vegas travel vlog thing I
finally got up some time and courage to
make this video I fuckin hate traveling
it's my least favorite thing in the
world so yeah I was gonna record some
stuff when I was packing I was gonna
record some stuff like on the way here
and I just couldn't fucking do it
we're checking our bags right there I
don't nobody can see it and we're flying
first class today because hopefully
that'll take the edge off
with traveling a little bit alright I
feel like talking right now obviously
yeah you guys wanted this if you enjoyed
there's Jay
oh my god the line for general screening
are you having fun J we have to take off
our shoes it's important isn't it
we don't want to be
shuh catastrophes let me show you my
shoes so stylish we we reg a we owe you
either at the Train thing now fun I love
for I am train rides two airplanes those
are my favorite
Lord Here I am bored here
J we
yeah this is cute there's so many
airplanes
it shouldn't be yeah I just stopped to
take a picture do they not understand
that we're going to Vegas I dressed for
Vegas and I'm outside in 30-degree
weather in fucking Seattle all right you
can take your Dramamine this little
bottle of water here you're gonna record
this pussy and has problems with
who's writing blames all right what
finally said that after like a four-hour
walk the fucking airplane got some
pictures I didn't go get those of the
airplane yeah hate flying so much you
guys so annoying
I got ye or with me and my little
my little peach backpack to you guys but
hopefully more exciting things will
happen once I actually get the biggest
we made it to Vegas and I have to pee so
fucking bad the flight was awful dude
like I don't know first class is like
okay so you it rumbles more it messes
with you more J will look much more sick
also I don't know what happened to me I
used to like be used to flying but this
time like incredible fear and anxiety
until like the very end of the flight it
was so logical and I'm so disappointed
in myself and I couldn't like control it
it was like so scary I was like tapping
my foot like my ankles actually sore
from how much I was tapping my foot and
it took me like an hour to do one of
those word searches because I could not
focus on the task the music I was
listening to wasn't helping and also
something interesting about Vegas slot
machines everywhere if you haven't been
here it's very it's like a fucking
Twilight Zone of people who want to just
waste their money I don't know I've
never gambled in Vegas even though I've
been here like a billion times
oh my god I'm so glad I'm off the plane
it was weird and so I hate it when I
spend all this time trying to use logic
and reason and even as like I were to
die on a plane it wouldn't even fucking
matter it's like a really quick pretty
painless pretty easy death with a nice
view along the way but I just couldn't
stop freaking out it was so awful like I
was thinking all the way there I was
like is there any way I can take our
rental car and like fucking drive home
or something instead of actually here
let me give you a better view I don't
know if it'll actually shove J's like
dying over there he is really bad like
we even got the Dramamine drawing mean
that you guys sent me and I he took two
of them before we flew in didn't do shit
obviously i poisoned him apparently god
it looked like shit too
you know the worst thing the thing I
learned about flying is never put on
makeup before you fly there's something
about the the air being recycled that
just fucks your skin and makes you look
like shit not that that's the reason
that I look like sheds probably just
because you know no makeup and this like
fake tan that I put on before I left
welcome to home is now reg a home let's
go
best prices on tonight's hookers which
one is ours is it the regular blue one
is it the black one
you guys don't know me at all if you
think so what's wrong with you I'll let
you decide which one it is
obviously that's it
oh yeah all that force show that pink
bag what's up what's up J
wow it actually recognizes your beard as
a face we have to go to the public
transportation to Alamo we have to
follow the signs which you know
shouldn't be too hard
smart to character it would be smarter
for knew how to spell smart in cards
wouldn't it shuttle other transportation
J doesn't like anything I know
very dizzy oh my god like I need that
much brightness
what is this alright resettling over to
Alamo to get pick up our rental car
which is a two or four-door sedan
because fuck pain like a hundred bucks a
day I don't care whatever Gayle cool
card help you drive shit car here I
can't wait to get to our hotel we
already have our room reservations they
like emailed man shit what the hell is
going on he likes sunglasses but it's
goddamn police I swear
I'll update you later we get our car we
are at the rental place focus not on me
all right let's go get a car yeah
all right so you get to choose a red one
or a gray one we can just take it up the
Challenger is my favorite car starting
route to Aria in our new Mitsubishi and
Mitsubishi what double-d bitch look at
this
you can you come on Vlad don't fuck me
like this come on Vlad Vlad a double D s
double D's ha ha all right we're on
enroute to our hotel oh yes you don't
hold the seat the seat moves you you
know I am excited to take a nap we
didn't sleep last night so
I like naps driving in Vegas with the
upside-down palm trees does have some
let's go moving right there right now
right there I know
Oh Las Vegas Premium Outlets it's a mall
we can live right across the street from
a mall J and a McDonald's the dream
alright remember guys we parked at the D
right in front of the deep
oh yeah right J M we can't sleep and uh
casino first
fuck you bitch you don't know what I got
it's finally gonna enjoy the hotel it's
freezing out here it's like 40 degrees
we are on this trip got a bunch of nasty
seafood over here so we entered the
casino and it's also the hotel like
everything else in this fucking state
our city we're inside focus focus flat I
know there's a lot to take in but you
gotta relax all right so this is smells
like cigarette smoke they love to smoke
in here hotel lobby is diagonally this
way
let's go do it alright guys we just got
our room keys we're on the 30th floor
and we're going up we're going past the
bar then I'm left or right
there's like a sky bars and thing
so yeah all right guys we made it this
is what our hotel looks like it's found
in the bathroom light ah cool shit ooh
we have like a sexy tub and a sexy
shower love it I can't see shit cuz that
fucking things on where's your open oh
comfy bed wake up console oh is this how
we order room service that's cool oh my
god just give me anything in there I
don't care how much it costs I am so
thirsty oh yes I hate this pillow ow
what is this monstrosity that's weird
JD like my giant penis alright guys
we're gonna take a nap then we're gonna
go shop for a suit and shoes or go to
some open houses whichever is more
available at the time that we wake up
hey guys I'm gonna hand the curtain in
our hotel room we got a strip view so
you can see the strip and everything I'm
right next to it let me turn around so I
have their lighting oh my god that
natural lighting I had to do my makeup
in the weirdest fucking lighting so it
probably looks really weird but right
now we're gonna go to men's wearhouse
we're gonna get something to eat there's
a lot of veggie options here which is
really cool and we're gonna go explore
we're also sitting on top of a pokey
stop which like makes it even better
right and I'll give you a more look of
the view now we're gonna go out and
actually do stuff also boobs
hopefully this dress doesn't look too
Maternity on me I'll update this this is
where I'm doing my makeup all my crap is
right here and this is my makeshift
station that has like top down lighting
oh my god I look so maternal in this
outfit I don't know what the fuck what
my tits look great that's for sure
anyway usually I sit on the counter and
I get really close to the actual mirror
in the bathroom but I'm too lazy to go
up there maybe I'll change tomorrow
because this was like really bad like
I'm not blended at all it looks really
funny thank you over
my feet you can get some insane lip
shots from this area it's like perfect
tulip shot lighting check it out I don't
know if I can replicate it in video but
you check my Instagram
after Babcock note to self when I move
get a light up in the ceiling like that
one for perfect makeup shots so we're
trying to find the Burger lounge get
some veggie burgers burger lounge right
there by the the bell desk in the main
valet pickup you see that I found it oh
yeah this is cool when you turn on
privacy on the little console inside
your room it tells you on the outside
privacy with all the maids and stuff I
like this place also it's like a tap
thing it's been a while since I've
traveled so I feel like it's really
weird all these new cool technologies
like this amazing hard to do painting I
really wish this shit wasn't slot
machines
I would like play the fuck out of all
this crap plans for his zombies 3d slot
machine come on
mint chocolate shake with Bailey's
alcohol
and ten minutes on the top so but we
also got a margarita pizza that's not
here yet okay what'd you get Jay got
some orange shit
it's like orange sherbert with like
orange pop the view from the hotel room
looks so much better at night you can
see the MGM Grand over there oh I love
the lights
I turned on the lights to romance and
here man so cool I'm all here alone
being romantic with myself all right so
I'm waiting for Jay to take a shower or
something and then we're gonna go to the
men's warehouse we just got something to
eat
I fucking okay so you see that that the
drink that I showed you that I got I
fucking knocked it over and I was
getting some pizza and the glass
shattered and went everywhere and I was
awful I didn't get a picture of it and
get some footage of it unfortunately but
yeah that was pretty awful and awkward
and they gave me another one with the
like you know when you have like a mulch
Jake they give you the extra and you can
pour it into the glass they gave me that
plus more extra and it was free so I'd
way too much shake and way too much
pizza and the shake had Bailey's in it
so I was you know a little bit tipsy
I've been having a headache all day
since like before I got on the plane so
I can't blame the plane Vlad really
wants to focus on the this shit behind
me they're really cool view and stuff
this vlog is probably gonna be extremely
long especially if I actually get to go
like house hunting and shit today
because or not today's this weekend
because um yeah I'm gonna be showing you
every house I like really need to redo
my lip gloss I'm liking the trip so far
I'm just so glad I'm off the plane the
plane was awful it's so ridiculous when
I'm looking back on it now I'm thinking
like there's no way I ever felt stressed
out about being on a plane that makes no
sense like I can't even remember the
fucking fear that I had and I really
hope it doesn't happen again on the way
back because I'll feel like at a loss
why can't I control my emotions I feel
like it was a combination of me feeling
really sick this morning and me having
not flown for a while so it like kind of
felt awkward or whatever I should do two
vlogs here I should do like a full vlog
with the view behind me that was pretty
cool I don't have to think of a topic
though I don't know I'm gonna go because
I don't want this vlogs be too long I
might cut parts of this out I
appreciate you watching my biggest vlog
I know a lot of you guys want I liked
smear to everything I know you guys want
me to do more out about vlogs and I
don't go out and about so when I do the
opportunity to go out and about
I want a document as much of it as
possible obviously I love you guys
I'll update you when we're at the place
to get Jaya a soup it's gonna be fun for
me I love watching him try things on he
or a we're on our way to the liquid
liquid time liquid are there liquid
everywhere look guys the gym we're gonna
come here every morning this place is
really cozy I like it like the fire just
sit down here and do vlogs I think they
have over there like more of the weight
machines and shit they have really big
dumbbells we are walking around our
hotel currently playing Pokemon go there
are diglettz
and Magnemite and things and a ton of
pokey stops you guys see this like so
many fucking oh I can get this one right
here yeah really boom what time is this
too far away this walk this direction a
little bit
herringbone that sounds fucking
disgusting now thank you bye
yeah I can get it now this is what we do
at night in Vegas
on the first day we decided to go
tomorrow we decided to go tomorrow to
get suits and stuff like that because J
is tired and still sick from those plain
J's Falls all day is false
we're just gonna hang out watch YouTube
videos check out if there's any open
houses and things and that's pretty much
it I don't know if I'm gonna break this
down into like a daily vlog thing like
where it's like five days in Vegas or a
few different parts or whatever it is
it's probably gonna be a long time to
eat the place we went to this is just
the other one the burger no the burger
line just wanted to go through it dude
there's another burger one too but yeah
I'll update you guys touched to begin
menu
I like cock entails
hoarders
of course you want dessert Betty mostly
a woman what mostly the food for
absorbing them women like food
women like food this is how it is Jay
God Jay
Wow all right so this is really cool you
can pay to like play with an Xbox or
Playstation or whatever but they only
have like really shitty games like
online games like called and stuff
no Final Fantasy and we don't ever save
anyway she actually wanted to bring the
fucking mmm he actually wanted to bring
the ps4 and I was like yeah we shouldn't
do that that would be I didn't want to
like risk ruining our ps4 honestly but
it was very cool of him because I didn't
want to leave because I wanted to do is
play Final Fantasy good idea needs more
games man Keith
