hey guys welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says it has been so long like
far too long since I've had one of these
uploaded but I've got one of the best
ones I've ever seen
it seems like every week or every time
I'm saying that it's the best one I've
ever seen but when it is a team
comprised of 3x gaming ako be one of my
good friends and a fellow youtuber who's
a fuckin badass and Nicolas L stopped
another friend of mine who is the
beginner of shit Sarah says the person
who made the first one the founder you
could even say when they're teaming up
it's kind of just like a bing bang boom
you just had sex with three guys in all
holes and it felt really good that's how
this video made me feel and I hope you
feel that way too but more funny unless
I feel violated
anyway I will lift this up if you follow
all of their links in the description no
but seriously check them out they make
amazing content and you might find some
new favorite content creators
no more Tara babble bullshit roll the
footage the horrendously taken out of
context hilarious footage I walked into
the room tripping just be like buck and
Mary Arnold's wasn't Schwarzenegger
Gowanus was a negro
also thought it would be really cool to
dye my getting raped and murdered my son
really cool like hacksaw mask again gas
masks are hot to read message try tongue
what the fuck
hello darkness my old friend Tara
someone said you hate black guys is this
real I actually reply with a serious
response and say I don't like ghetto
guys of any color I have no problem with
BBC
Oh
tripping wire from zero Washington's
your host do I want to fuck four cents
worth I had sex with him twice really
twice not four times it looks like four
times but it's only twice and I don't
remember the second time which time was
actually the second time holy shit like
you know what I mean shut up fuck you
whatever we're moving on move it off
imagine fucking Quicksilver you big done
and done fucking finger blasting vaginas
like a fucking jack rabbit and gorged
mini lady penis that's an awful visual
is it not whatever dude we're gonna
we're gonna marry magneto and fuck quilt
Quicksilver and kill Wolverine but first
we're going to just like taste this dick
a little bit we're gonna taste is dick
that's right Oh
all right that that took longer than I
thought it would or if I would just jump
on for his dick because it's fucking
Corey Taylor
I just wanted his cock so bad like it
was no cock I wanted more than his cock
back then yeah why doesn't he fucking
stick his dick in me right now and he's
fucked me like that as long as it's
still a good-sized cock I like really
big dicks because I like pain and sex
I am the huge slut that ever slutted
when it comes to settling down and
taking a dick or vagina every single day
I want it to be a dick flag girl you
know she's dirty we're gonna grab shit
kinda gross but totally lickable we'll
be right back after this short break
is life ever hard tiresome depressing or
just annoying as a youtuber if so call
1-800 youtubers plight
are you a youtuber does the idea of fame
popularity and beaucoup ad revenue bucks
stress you out to the youtuber helpline
is for you our operators are available
24 hours 7 days a week to help you with
your first world problems
the youtuber helpline call now offer
available only for chalice with
subscriber counts of one is $1,000 it's
the most loneliest day of my vagina what
is going on over here is this a fucking
rape party I think this is a rape party
oh no I fucking hate these no nobody
told me nobody told me what forgot about
this oh my god I forgot go okay just
stop oh come on you fucking cocksucker
no no button kill me to take one more
hit uh-huh uh-huh fuck oh no no
come on it was so easy oh so easy what
is this area gotta go what the fuck nah
oh you lied to me you lied to me worlds
traversed ah fuck what the fuck was that
no no ah what the fuck
no no no you fucking bitch no no oh fuck
you ah oh just fucking kill her
brah fucking up no in fuck you fuck you
just died
just fucking rat relax I did it i
fucking fell somewhere what is she
actually dad about do it again
no no why Duke my souls Oh what the fuck
that was not my fault I don't know why I
fucking lurched forward fucking oh did I
not mean to do that at all oh my god oh
my god ba-ba-boom ba-ba-boom
runnin runnin and runnin runnin and
runnin what the fuck oh come on
I didn't mean to do fuckin what the fuck
you guys you know I'm sayin
uh-huh-huh-huh fuck
alright I can fish now whoo you received
a bamboo pole oho
I need Willie's pole Oh son of a
crossing breath
yes got a fish okay let's Google this
here son of a cock mother
alrighty then what the fuck google
doctor doctor doctor doctor
oh my god he's raising no yes
alright 12 is a fish Jay is salty
Jay why you salty I didn't say that you
said that in your head
did you see the food hey pal you just
blowing from stupid down a little Oh
Lala
come on you fucking fat contest fish
bitch you're a fucking Babcock I fuck
bag cops for a living
it's my favorite thing to do I guess tax
because it has a read I thought it was
just a brass instrument like a trumpet
that's weird
maybe that's why I can never play sax
it's a woodwind your mom's a woodwind oh
he's so good so good so good daddy oh my
god oh my god ha ha ha I've never been
on chatter right before in my life so
probably not maybe i sleepwalk
ChatterBait at around
oh my god cuz please baby oh so good I'm
imagining like the back hair just like
coming off of Bayonetta you know and
then like when she wants to put her
little suit back on it's like oh my
shirt is made of back hair I got the
fuck oh man so good shit y'all know
we're gonna Pawn Stars all up titties
what oh hold on to that I went about it
okay I'll see you
Oh more titties more pork what are you
doing to me right now what is this
there's two bad bitches are they
fighting are they friends I can't tell
okay they tight they tight with each
other they just they going in on some
mosses and shit
uh why I voted for gaming recs because
it wasn't English okay I I couldn't I
couldn't go with the Engrish um some
people in our lives who fighting for
their goals wholeheartedly comma we
should be proud of them who even
fighting for a humble goal as countless
humble goals accumulated may be a great
achievement comma same as the bird
exercises over and over again to learn
fly persevered after numerous failures
comma eventually learn to fly comma
space this time fly higher and farther
fuck you red you're a piece of shit
bitch go back to Korea go back to Korea
and this time go to North Korea he wants
you here
who's with me brah I know everyone is
because no one likes red fuck that ho in
the butt look you in the butt bro I have
to name one after Obi one that can be
black and has a big big black dick or
big beautiful dick yeah boy I love you
ok thanks for checking in you know thing
you know what I'm saying are you coming
or not I'm saying I'm probably not
making any sense
I'm not even gonna prove watch this
video and fucking join if you got to the
end of the video please type in
mutilated foreskin up - that's how I
know you guys watch this entire rambley
ass piece of shit fucking video I love
you guys I hope you enjoyed if you liked
the video
it's like and if you subscribe please do
it I actually love you guys for putting
up with my shit
right next time on shit terraces come on
go for division bakhoum go division
become lower your hawk oh no I fucking
hate these no nobody told me nobody told
me why forgot about this oh my god I
forgot go okay just stop oh come on you
fucking cocksucker oh I thought it
wouldn't kill me to take one more hit
uh-huh uh-huh
Oh No No
come on it was so easy with Suzy
