so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want what's
up guys today I'm gonna show you how I
do my makeup as well as my skin care
regimen oh my god so fucking interesting
I'm such a real beauty guru slow eye
opening so sexy oh my god that's fucking
scary please stop oh my god what the
fuck that's hot
okay so I listen to YouTube videos while
I do my makeup
it's the toner I use it's a witch hazel
I have like a relatively mild form of
rosacea I think so I put this on and it
kind of calms my skin this is probably
like the worst time for me to film this
because I have a little bit of bruising
and swelling on my lips and like
underneath my eyes and my skin's not the
best but hey why not fucking see me at
my worst I have nothing to hide this is
the hyaluronic acid something that's
interesting about this is its naturally
occurring in the skin and it happens to
be the same thing that they use for
injectables and the lips under eyes and
wherever you need to fill in fine lines
and those things or plump stuff this is
a benefit to cosmetics fucking whatever
the fuck I don't use Benefit Cosmetics
because they're not cruelty free so I'm
not gonna tell you all of the products
and stuff in this voiceover but they
will be down in the description so if
you want to see what's cruelty free and
what's not and what I actually use and
the colors that I actually use that'll
be listed down in the description just
any fucking light moisturizer is good
this is the moisturizer I use on my skin
and that's what I use at night for my
night care night skincare regimen thing
so there are a few other things I do to
keep my skin and hair looking good one
of which is since I moved to Vegas I
noticed that my hair has been breaking
off and shit and I realized that it was
because I'm using hard water on my hair
and I went from like 80% humidity to
like less than 30% so I went out and I
got a hard water filter for my shower
which looks like shit but whatever and I
got a humidifier for the bedroom that I
run all night every night using
distilled water only make sure you use
distilled water only if you do this and
if you have pets do not diffuse
essential oils that can kill them
especially cats I ran it as a diffuser
one night and it was like so scared that
I hurt Eve and the last thing I do is I
take a vegan biotin ten milligrams every
day and I take a vegan multivitamin but
what you just saw there is my normal
skin care regimen that I do twice a day
I use a Beauty Blender I use a name
brand Beauty Blender because
really important that you do so I've
tried a bunch of off-brand beauty
blenders and they like complete fucking
garbage so just don't get it wet I
actually wash it with soap you'll see
this makes the biggest difference
because it covers up my uneven colored
skin and whatever fucking rosacea type
stuff I have I only use a thin a
natural-looking layer because I don't
really need to cover much up it's just
like a faint redness that makes me look
so ghostly and weird it's kind of like
see-through skin or something I don't
know what the fuck right there I'm
covering my bruise from my recent
under-eye injection and you can see once
I put this stuff on it actually starts
looking like I'm a human which is cool
so yeah this is like the one thing that
I always do unless I'm not putting on
makeup that day gotta make sure you pull
it down the neck to blend it because if
you don't then you're gonna have some
unevenness and I'll have that like
painted face look not that this isn't
painting your face or whatever by the
way guys this takes me 20 to 30 minutes
I can do it in 15 if I'm hurrying and
I'll let you guys know which things I do
and don't always do there are some
things that I only do if I feel like I
want to be super quote-unquote glamorous
that day and stuff and I often forget a
lot of the steps just Pat it in make
sure you're not like pulling on the skin
but you're padding
by the way guys here's what my makeup
area looks like I have a fucking
directors chair with my name on it and
like sparkly pink that I made myself
fucking awesome I also have like so many
lip glosses and liquid lipsticks like
it's insane I love collecting them and
obviously my lips are one of my favorite
features so accentuating them with all
the colors and shit oh yeah
I use random cleansing wipes to cleanse
it off of my hands cuz I use my hands as
a canvas this is the eyeshadow primer I
think this is really important for me at
least I used to get like creases in my
eyeshadow and this like completely
prevents that it makes it look really
nice and flawless and it gives you kind
of like a matte foundation to apply your
eyeshadow I used to never do eyeshadow
it used to be fucking absolute garbage
at eyeshadow but I've been trying to get
better and I really like the Too Faced
chocolate palette and the Too Faced uh
what is it called fucking peach palette
those and some random thing that J got
me for Valentine's Day one year like the
only palettes that I use for eyeshadow I
don't really try too much with eyeshadow
because I'm not that good at it I like
to first Pat on the color with like a
random brush and
then blend it I don't know what the
fuck's on my face like some old glue
from eyelashes or something for this I
like using a lighter brown because I
feel like the lighter brown makes a nice
foundation and it looks really good with
the blue eyes and makes the blue eyes
pop and I use like a fluffier brush to
kind of buff out the color and I'll
focus a lot on the crease and kind of
move up from there it's it's still not
perfect but I think I'm getting pretty
decent at it to where it doesn't look
like I've just like you could a bunch of
color on my face I want to give a shout
out so the 10% of my audience that is
female and have been asking me to do
this for a while a note also on why my
lips look so weird besides the fact that
they're a little bit bruised is that I
have the driest fucking lips and it's
even worse here in Vegas where the
humidity is like zero you'll see what I
do to prep my lips for putting on lip
color and stuff like that but basically
my lips look really weird if I did not
put any kind of moisturizer on them and
I had gone to the gym
and showered and everything without
putting anything on them but yeah they
look pretty fucking dry I would say my
biggest trick for having a really smooth
canvas and having really even skin for
makeup application is definitely the
hyaluronic acid all right so now I'm
putting like a darker color it doesn't
really matter what color just like a
darker color in the same family of
Browns I guess you would say in the
outer corner of my eyelid and in the
outer corner of the underneath of my
eyelid this kind of gives it the effect
that it's shiny or getting darker gives
it that ombre effect that looks really
cool that you see all the beauty gurus
partake in this is really awkward by the
way doing the voiceover while watching
the unedited footage is kind of giving
me aids but we're gonna power through it
I don't know how beauty gurus find joy
in doing this kind of content but I do
want to say damn dude my fucking good
camera and my new lens whoo so sexy look
at that high quality you can see every
pore on my face all right now we're
buffering it out buffer buffer buffer
buffer don't be too hard on your
under-eye on your eyelid it's like the
sensitive thinnest skin that you have
you don't want to fuck it up same when
you're putting on concealer or when
you're using the Beauty Blender to kind
of blend out your under-eye
whatever the vagina and now we're gonna
put a sparkly non matte color right in
the center and just barely blend it so
that it really makes it look like it's
just hombres fuck you know I'm saying
all right this is an urban decay fucking
tester ass mascara I don't give a shit
about what kind of mascara I use this is
one of the things that you can go
drugstore and it doesn't really matter I
basically just use it on my bottom
lashes because I want my bottom lashes
to stand out but on my top lashes I mean
I used to curl them now I just don't
give any fucks I put fake eyelashes on
anyway so it doesn't really matter and I
don't even see the blonde lashes
underneath they're kind of just
overpowered by the fake lashes so I
don't really feel like mascara is a big
deal
I used to use waterproof mascara now I
don't because it's like impossible to
get off so I just use whatever black
mascara doesn't matter I'm actually
unhappy with this travel-size urban
decayed mascara because it's like
impossible to use because the stick is
so short I'm like bumping into my
cheekbone when I try to use it it's
really retarded so the uncut footage of
all this with me finagling with
everything and being slower was 32
minutes so that's like the longest it
can take me to do this kind of makeup
which is pretty cool I mean I've gotten
it down to a tea I've been applying
makeup since I was like 12 so it's not
that crazy of a feat I guess I've had a
lot of practice alright so these are the
two concealers I used the NARS one and
the Too Faced one today I'm gonna use
the NARS one because I don't need that
much of a cover-up I just got my under
eyes injected so I don't really need to
cover up any lines or anything like that
and the foundation did a good job of
covering up any bruising I have so just
a little bit of the NARS stuff will do
for me today again be careful if you're
applying concealer on your under eye
don't pull too hard it might look like
I'm pulling but I'm padding here not
pulling you want your concealer to be
one shade or two shades lighter than
your actual foundation that way it
really brightens your under-eye and
makes you look less tired I also just
use the same concealer to put all over
if I have like a pimple or something
like that today I don't really and you
when I take the Beauty Blender and make
sure you blend it all out so it's not
just like a big pasty mess underneath
your under-eye this part also serves to
kind of correct any issues I have with
my eyeshadow as well it kind of makes
the bottom of the eyeshadow line nice
and defined the way that I like it a lot
of people do their foundation after
their eyeshadow I don't really like to
do that because I feel like if I don't
put some foundation on my eyelids I have
like really bright eyelids okay so this
is another benefit product and again I'm
just using up products that I bought
before I knew it wasn't rule T free but
I really do like this one it's it's a
cool
little device that has a mini brush in
it so that I actually use I use the mini
brush that it comes with which is weird
and this is kind of like a banana powder
I like banana powder for the under-eye
because it's kind of yellow and wow I
tan which makes me Orange what the hell
is that holy shit so anyway I tan so I'm
Orange so I like to use a yellow banana
powder because it looks the best in my
opinion when brightening my under-eye
and setting my under eye concealer all
right time to sculpt I don't do very
much sauntering or highlighting I don't
do any highlighting at all and the main
reason is because I have the
quote-unquote ideal face shape the oval
face shape and I also have high
cheekbones big cheeks all of this stuff
naturally so only thing I really want to
do is define the bridge of my nose a
little bit more and just put a tiny bit
on my cheeks I don't even use blush
either usually and then I put some on my
forehead supposedly it makes your
forehead look smaller I don't know I
don't really need it I really care about
it but do it anyway I like the little
ombre effect where it looks like I have
more light on the middle of my forehead
rather than the top of my forehead I
think it looks kind of cool I always
want to make sure that the very top of
the bridge of my nose doesn't go too
thin with the contouring because then it
looks kind of weird and uneven I think
half the time when I contour my nose I
make my nose look less symmetrical than
it actually is but I work on it you know
all right then I just put a quick layer
of this fucking setting powder all over
it's a darker setting powder than the
banana shit I put it under my eyes so
yeah and then the finishing spray which
I 90% of the time forget but I didn't
today because I'm making a video oh this
is my favorite part you guys okay so
this is the lush bubblegum fucking lip
scrub this not only makes my lips really
nice and moisturized and takes off all
the dead skin from me not moisturizing
my lips prior but it also tastes exactly
like sugar it's just like bubblegum
sugar it's so good so I put this on and
rub it on my lips so while I also wait
for the glue to dry or at least get
tacky for my fake eyelashes and then I
go ahead and I do my eyebrows now this
used to take me a really long time but
since I'm ambidextrous and since I've
gotten pretty good at it I'm pretty
quick with it I brush up my eyebrows and
then I just follow the natural shape of
my brow while enhancing the top to give
it a little bit more of an arch because
I don't really have that much of an arch
but I prefer a slight amount of arch and
that kind of just fill it in and fuck
with it until it looks halfway
that's all that's all there is to it
alright now time to do the other brow
and remember guys I don't do it
perfectly brows are supposed to be
sisters not twins Oh although I do try
to get them as close to being twins as
possible so a part that I skipped here
that I occasionally do especially if I
fuck up on the brows is I'll take a
small like thin eyebrows style brush and
I'll put a little bit of the NARS
concealer on it and I'll just outline it
this defines the brow and it also fixes
any mistakes and I made I totally forgot
about this part I even brought the brush
over to where I was filming this and I
just totally forgot to do it so now I'm
brushing the product through the brows
so doesn't look too drawn on and now
this shit I actually really like this
little wand thing I need to find another
brand that does this I used to use the
Anasazi of Beverly Hills one but they
discontinued it it's so fucking good it
coats each actual individual hair with a
tint so when you look up close it
actually does look like I have eyebrows
now I lick off all of the yummy
bubblegum stuff and make sure there's no
more on my lips I don't always use liner
in fact like probably 60% of the time I
don't use any lip liner just because I
already have big lips and I don't like
to over line my lips I think it looks
really bad if you see pictures of me
when I was 18 I overlined at the shit
out of my lips like a fucking centimeter
over the top of my lip but I sometimes
like to line my lips because naturally I
don't have like lips that show up well
my Vermilion border isn't very strong
and you can't really see where my face
ends and my lips start because my lips
are kind of pale just like the rest of
my face so sometimes it gives a little
bit more color but sometimes I'll just
fucking put the liquid lipstick or the
lip gloss or whatever just directly onto
the lips and fuck it depends on how I
feel I love this shit this is the stuff
I put in my fucking favorites that when
you rub your lips together it like
shimmers and then the coolest part a lot
of people ask me like how to make your
lips look kind of ombre or make it lips
look bigger I put like a lighter color
in the center of my top and bottom lip
rub it together and then just fuck with
it a little bit I think I did a bad job
but comparatively today I didn't blend
it as much but it was like hard for me
to tell now we're gonna put on the fake
eyelashes I rip off the old glue from
yesterday and I use black glue I don't
like the white glue a lot of people say
use the white glue cos it'll dry clear
it does not dry clear it dries white and
it looks like a nasty buildup and if
you're someone like me that likes to
reuse fake eyelashes don't
use the white glue use the black glue it
dries like the color of eyeliner or
something and it looks much more natural
and when you get a buildup of it on the
lash it doesn't make the lash unusable I
use two sets of fake eyelashes by the
way I'll put the types down in the
description the brands or whatever and I
cannot apply fake lashes with tweezers
like some people do I am better with my
hands I'm more dexterous with my hands
than I am using a tool as an extension
of my hands so I like to just
haphazardly put it on and then while the
glue is still tacky I'll like mess with
it until it gets perfect
I've been putting on fake lashes since I
think I was like 15 years old or
something and I'm still not perfect at
it there are still some times where it
looks really fucking off where it looks
like I have one lazy eye and one really
open wide eye because I don't have it on
symmetrically which is kind of happening
here today in this video as you can see
it completely makes me look like I have
some kind of asymmetry to my face but I
love fake lashes I love the way it looks
I think the three things that transform
the way that I look the most are the
brows because I have no brows because
I'm white as fuck the foundation because
my skin is rosacea II and then the fake
lashes that just bring it all together
and there you have it now I just take my
hair out of the bun that I had it in
flop it around maybe put some dry
shampoo in cuz I haven't washed it for a
couple days
parted to the side or in the middle and
we're good to go that's it's God I need
to do my roots I'm a natural blonde but
not naturally that blonde today's
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
video like the video and subscribe if
you did
