so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new episode
Friday night mail I'm sorry I didn't
have an episode last week I was in Vegas
and I couldn't get it done before Vegas
and pick up the packages and have it
edited it's one of my more editing
intensive videos for the week so instead
of severely half-assing it I decided to
just delay it until this week I know you
guys like your weekly giveaways and
questions answered and all that stuff
but I hope you liked what I prepared for
you guys while I was gone anyway and the
plethora of extra videos you're getting
next week and this week because I was in
Vegas next week it's like literally a
four part Vegas vlog one day after
another with no breaks in between all
right the first thing we're gonna do as
always is we're gonna announce the
winner usually we do the questions first
I think but we're gonna announce the
winner this time this week's winner or
last week's winner I guess it
technically is of the epidemic giveaway
is Brian our thank you Brian our he had
said he'd never played a steam game
before and he wanted Just Cause 3 but he
has a Mac then he told me it works on
Mac so I promptly sent him the game with
the DLC I hope you enjoy it Brian
although I cannot empathize with trying
to game on a Mac and very happy that
you're now using steam the induction of
steam into my gaming repertoire oh my
god that changed my life oh so good all
right let's answer some questions
Whitney girl asks and she has a
wonderful question have you ever had a
foursome with you and three other guys
when you have two of them stick their
dicks in your pussy at the same time and
the other fuck you in the ass
I've seen her comment on my videos
before and I totally thought that she
was like a troll during this comment but
I'm gonna answer it anyway
because when you think about a lot of
the topics of my videos how I talk my
potty mouth both literal and figurative
I guess it's a valid question I have
never been in a gangbang which is what
that would be considered and I don't
think I would enjoy two dicks in my
pussy at once but as kind of a party
trick if I was really drunk I would be
willing to try the OL NTP I've ever had
is with a man in the vagina and a dildo
in the anus I know an unfortunate
circumstance right but it's just never
happened all right and the next question
is by Sam Dippolito he says who's your
favorite youtuber other than
yourself of course very prudent to
clarify other than myself because of
course my favorite youtuber is me I
don't really have a favorite youtuber
due to when we say youtuber do we mean
like a soul person who does vlogs and
would identify as a youtuber or someone
who would be more along the lines of a
host of a show I can tell you the
youtubers that I watch the most often at
least right now I love the guy who does
the crash course philosophy and the
crash course psychology videos he's the
kind of guy that I would see myself
marrying if I had not met Jay who's like
the best of all worlds kind of guy I
always thought if I had to choose
between like a big burly musclehead guy
and the nerdy smart guy with no traits
from either combined onto the other then
I would find a guy that's like well put
together kind of cute but had the brain
in the interesting games and I would
just deal with it and hope that he at
least has you know like a little bit of
pecks going on and can lift me while we
fuck so yeah when I envisioned getting
married if I ever did think I was gonna
get married I thought it would be to a
guy like that I wouldn't hate my life I
guess other actual youtubers i watch
i've been watching on a John cookie and
lately I thought I would hate him
because a lot of people said that he's a
drama channel or whatever but he's the
only quote/unquote drama channel that I
can even stand and when he says could
you imagine could you mention I love
that that's so amazing
makes me laugh every time and I like the
way he goes about things it's very
scientific and stuff the only problem
with his content is I don't watch a lot
of beauty videos I'm not really in the
beauty community and I don't care about
it so the fact that he is only covering
these beauty girls I've never heard of
but he's making it so interesting and
he's able to do so and still grab my
attention that says a lot about the
channel I also watch a lot of Rob Dyke
videos I feel like Rob Dyke should make
more videos more often I love the dark
stuff the funny stuff I'll watch if
there's nothing else to watch because
honestly I like the guy but I find him a
little bit cringy when he's trying to be
funny I also watch almost every amazing
atheist video unless it's heavily
political like I'll watch the Hillary
and Trump ones but if it's like we need
to fix our Electoral College or
something I just kind of skip it but I'm
really excited anytime you post a video
basically I very rarely disagree with
him and sometimes I feel like he could
have worded
better and not like the whole like PC
like he should have been nicer to the
other side I mean more like his argument
was actually bad occasionally but I
usually agree with him on most things
and the things I don't agree with him on
he kind of you know just further backs
up my own points I also like Blair white
shoe on head sometimes he used to watch
Shannon Rose I don't watch her that much
anymore same with soo banca Stephon qey
even though I think she's a really cool
chick and Hunter Evelyn's alright he's
one of the few anti s JW creators that I
watch that I disagree with like half the
time but with hunter on things like
abortion or like it's proven advocate of
Trump even though I'm not like 100 cent
against Trump disagree on a few points
there anyway let's move on we got some
motherfucking Christmas cards we got
Christmas cards I don't think I've ever
gotten Christmas cards in my life I
think it would have been cuter if they
addressed it to Jay and I more like it's
our household you know like it's family
the family all right this one's from
Jamie and JW thank you for sending this
to me by the way wow that is a really
rippable envelope happiest holidays J
Watson in the end to my 3ds generation
apparently I look like George Foreman
why is this smile all the way up next to
his nose that is hilarious I used to
drive this in a picture of a truck
anyway maybe someday you two it can look
like George Foreman this is from Isis /
J oh my god best ever thanks for ringing
good sport and letting me pepper you
with dumb questions on discord sexy
Christmas and Happy New Year cleavage I
love it thank you Isis / J I don't know
what you should call you now hey do I
know someone buy an in-game name or an
online moniker and I find out their real
name I'm like fuck I just want to keep
calling you your in-game name your your
Isis to me you're also ice to sexy Chevy
truck I love your sense of humor so cute
let's see if Eric sees can top it thanks
for sending me thanks guys I fucking
love you you were beyond amazing and if
I haven't said it yet in this video I'm
saying it now so we've got holiday cheer
Tara sending wishes of joy and peace
during the wonderful holidays happy
holidays long time fan first time
greeting card sender have a great
Christmas season Eric thank you Eric I
appreciate it
oh I feel so important but I'm on
someone's Christmas card list
I don't know Eric I appreciate it but I
feel like Isis
beaten because of his creativity I
really like creativity all right we've
got we've got this here that was my two
Christmas cards if you want to put me on
your Christmas card list
feel free to do so oh yeah it's my new
little owl this is from Zoey Zoey sent
me a couple owls she knows that I
fucking collect these I'd not have this
one especially with a little oh my god
it's so cute and so soft oh I love it
when they're like a little bit abnormal
so it's like you can love them even more
because they're so unique with the
little sideways nose kinda like me Thank
You Zoey you're fucking amazing I I did
not deserve this
you did not have to send these to me but
I'm gonna love them and add them to my
collection all the same I swear to god
Jay is like so sick of my plushy
obsession he's like we have enough
plushies how does anyone ever get enough
plushies don't don't take that to heart
don't stop getting me plushies oh this
is from red Lowe this is like a since I
work with rebel rebel is like a thing
that allows you guys to allows my subs
to what's called suggest songs on my
fucking stream I can give subscribers on
my twitch channel I swear to god there's
an eyelash just coming off it is isn't
it no that's insane usually when it's
dangling there I know it's ready to come
off anyway
rev Lowe allows me to redeem rewards for
my subs on Twitch it's just like an
added little thing oh man we've got some
pixelated reindeer for sure and it says
Happy Holidays love Rev low we've got a
little I love Rev low sweater that is
cute it's not it's not that it's not the
bits not the thought that counts it's
the sweater that counts thank you guys a
rev lo if you guys are watching this
which you probably won't because you
probably don't even know I'm also a
youtuber I really appreciate it it makes
me feel more a part of the family than
twitch ever has I appreciate it though
I'm probably gonna cut it up and make it
sexy you guys know me all right
we've got this from outdoor leisure
sports store aka someone bought me
something cool like maybe a knife I do
love my weapons okay yes they're gift
wrapped
I love gift wrapping hey babe some
bulbasaur porn love you I'll stop
sending you stuff from now
because you wanted love de nuit Thank
You de nuit you really needs to stop
sending me stuff it's his birthday today
that I'm recording it not the day that
I'm posting it but happy birthday didn't
you guy I actually sent him I I went and
I found a bunch of Minecraft stuff
because he's been wanting me to play
Minecraft with him for a while so I went
online and I secretly sent it to his
address I asked him for his address like
a month ago I'm like what's your address
and he's like why and then I just fuckin
sent him stuffers birthday we're not
even via long shots but both of their
tags oh I actually like the colors he
was saying he didn't give me a Bulbasaur
initially when he got me the Charmander
in the squirtle and the pokeball
because he didn't like the color but I
feel like this is like a really good
color and now I have another underboob
picture I can take I want to do it right
now but this isn't a shirt this is a
bodysuit
maybe I'll post it on Instagram
Instagram comm slashed hair Babcock or
at Tara Babcock if you want to see me
posting periodic underboob shirts that
are awesome thank you Dan you guys
excited about this haha underboob
alright one more do you want - squirtle
on my Jigglypuff do you or can I
squirtle on your Jigglypuff I don't have
a penis
I'll stop sending less from now on again
you're gonna stop sending less that
means you're sending more the negatives
the double negatives it's okay you're an
ESL and go English second language as I
stutter to say English how ironic oh my
god it's gonna be big leap up oh my god
oh it's an angry Jigglypuff now I can do
one of the one of the collages with like
the two boob and underboob
oh you are so wonderful I really like
these they're really soft I would expect
them to be more like bikini texture but
they're just like really soft shirts I
like this a lot I don't know maybe after
I finished this video I'll come back and
I will record some under good footage
for you guys just a little bit of
fanservice and then maybe I'll add it
into an actual fanservice I do have my
pasties on right now cuz I did the last
portion of the video for my new boobs
excited about that we shall see we shall
see what is this GT device LLC - Ted uh
that's my name you don't fuck it out of
me
don't fuck it out of me have you ever
been fucked so hard that you don't
remember your name
you want to be called 1-800 J all right
this is like a mic mod mic this is mod
mic 5 these are like things that just
came out and then this is an uber wide
mousepad which probably give 2j or
actually I can use it on my own because
the one I'm using is a channel firewall
playmat that's very very dirty now
very cool Thank You mod mic guys I'm
getting all of my Christmas presents
from companies that I've worked with
thanks guys
we shall see if I like the mic if I like
the mic more than my other mic maybe
I'll do it might give away oh my god
we've got something all the way from
Australia all the way from Jade moody J
mood you guys didn't know who is way too
fucking good to me except for he takes
his boss way too much oh my god to my
beloved Misti Babcock so sweet what is
this for a wonderful friend on your
birthday this special wish just comes to
let you know how wonderful you really
are hope your birthday is filled with
love and happiness and all that you do
you're a month late and the wishes you
make today will all come true with love
on your birthday
Jade moody Thank You J mood you got the
wine as irony right for my drunk streams
where I drink wine that I absolutely
detest I do like those bumpy though the
texture of things gets me horny
thank you Jim heard you're amazing we've
got an emoji pillow Oh public psychology
third edition is this like one of your
your school studying books that's
awesome
haha I think you told me you were gonna
send me this and I said yes yes please
as you can see there are like six
businessmen and women one woman to be
exact and then some like interracial
couple over heads look really sad about
something and these guys are just like
yeah we're living it up cuz we're
businessman um oh my god okay so there's
a B why is lipstick that like came out
it's all smooshed on the top I really
hate international mail also thank you I
I don't understand why they have to be
so rough and so ridiculous with certain
shit we've got another emoji this is
like the oh my god
something wrong I'm so happy about it my
nipples are hard and we've got some oil
minimizing toner and some mint tea tree
what is it
shower gel oh I love mint tea tree
shower go I love mint anything something
you guys know about me probably already
Maltesers and like a hundred different
flavors of Tim Tams and I got this like
sexy purple oh yes sexy purple if I
wasn't like wearing normal neutral
colors today I would totally be throwing
on this purple right now look at it
oh yes can I show it to the camera
trying not to show my face like I'm not
a face I'm actually just a hand stop
focusing on me whatever you know it's a
really really deep purple guys please
don't send me food please don't send me
food first of all if it's food that
you've made which this isn't I can't eat
it because you might have laced it with
death drug and then second of all I'm
really really trying to stick to my diet
and I feel really bad throwing away food
so like I or J end up eating this food
when we really don't want to eat it
because we're like on us almost all
liquid healthy food diets really hard
for me to stick to that and I don't even
like love sweets if I'm gonna be spoiled
with something I'd rather it be like
salty food like a little bit of calm you
know a little bit just a little bit let
me show you we've got Tim Tams up the
ass now I'm gonna have to try to eat
this in moderation I don't have any
friends to give this away to but I
really do appreciate the care package I
love care packages from different
countries if you want to send me
something country related I guess I'll
just try the Tim Tams in a video but if
you want it so that's good more content
right but if you want to send me
something country related send me like a
weird condom I don't fucking know just
not food okay unless you want to send me
jibon Itza from Serbia I would eat that
and I would I would take the risk
I love these pillows they're going on
the couch they're so cute I love emoji
pillows I think they're very cute I
wouldn't put them in my video because I
feel like that's so played out like I
would have to become an entirely
storytime channel where I talk about how
I dated a fuck-boy or like doing makeup
or something that's just how I see
things like that oh there's something
that fell out of the box actually dear
Tara firstly happy birthday I hope you
have the most wonderful day possible I'm
sorry if your president arrives early or
late all is post to UPS what do you
expect from people who
can't do their jobs properly and that's
why I love UJ mood this year has been
long and full of ups and downs but
watching your streams and videos has
always been a highlight you are
intelligent funny hot and most
importantly uncensored nip-slip I'm
sorry if I seem like a suck-up sometimes
but it's because I feel like I should be
the one giving back for all your hard
work I first saw you when I was 15 and I
was binge watching the zoom and TV list
and I have followed ever since I know I
said this earlier but I would have
talked to you sooner or been more
outspoken but I was nervous at the time
I'm so glad I've been able to share
secrets with you that I don't feel
comfortable telling my own family that's
how much you mean to me thank you so
much and then he says thank you for
everything J mood but feel free to call
me JD you've been saying that since I
met you but I just like J mood you're my
joy
PS the Tim Tams R for Tara J may have
won if he asks nicely he's fattening me
up so he can eat me oh my god the first
date I ever went on J actually said that
to him we were high who went to
McDonald's it was wonderful and it made
him crack up that I would even consider
that he would eat me anyway
I'll put in a list of things that have
to go through customs just so you can
check and see if they confiscated
anything yeah looks like everything's in
the list hooray customs didn't fuck shit
up too much thank you so much Jamie but
I really appreciate it brings me back to
the time when it was my birthday and
everything went my way good days you
have seriously been so amazing to me I
don't see you as a yes-man or someone
kissing my ass at all you've been
helpful with all of the fucking Skyrim
modding helping me get in Shane's pants
on stardew valley I see you as a friend
someone I can talk to so I really
appreciate you being there for me you
are fucking wonderful just no more food
from any of you alright this is from
Erie Tale mall how the fuck do I even
open a box like this what there's no
like pulley system or anything I just
have to kind of hope I don't break my
nail which I probably will 100% I'm
breaking my nail on this thing like
there is no if and or' but well there's
a blue
Oh Oh aah I didn't break it I thought I
broke it I did rip the shit out of this
paper though the buyers name is Tara
Babcock unfortunately so I don't know
who sent this to me we've got the cutest
rain boots which is something I
desperately need because I live in
Seattle look at these adorable rain
boots now I can go pokey walking in the
rain they're pink on the inside
they've got a bunch of owls which
everyone knows I love I love owls and
animals especially birds chicken things
like that I appreciate it let's see if
we can put it on Oh Oh they fit so
nicely look with the boot boot gora boot
girl oh I like it thank you to whoever
sent this to me they fit like actually
perfectly so good now I just need to
find J of hair cuz J like literally
wears holes in his shoes he's got such
big feet you're wonderful we've got one
more box and there's nothing in it how
good box with nothing in it alright I
have another box cutter cuz we lost the
one I just had right here just now oh my
god oh my god the present I got myself I
need to stop doing that I only did it
once and they're all coming in a
staggered in a staggered way so it looks
like I just bought myself about a shit
Johnny and moogle Oh Terry you're such a
good friend if no one is there for me I
always know that you will be Tara this
is a tiniest tag I've ever seen usually
when things are imported from Japan
which this is because everything on it
is in Japanese it's so tiny
it's a Final Fantasy 14 giant 15 inch
Mughal but I fucking love it so much I
almost closed this before I died
thank you guys so much for everything
you're fucking amazing if you like my
content please like the video subscribe
to the channel and right next to the
subscribe button in the middle of the
subscribe button and whatever the fuck
else that tells you how many subscribers
I have please click that little bell the
YouTube algorithm has been fucking
people over there's been talk that
they're actually unsubscribing people
from channels that they don't like
hearsay of course allegedly and I just
really appreciate the support the
viewership all the gifts all the kind
words Christmas cards that fucking made
my day you guys are all fucking amazing
have a wonderful fucking holiday season
whatever the fuck you celebrate or don't
like me I don't really celebrate but I
do accept and give a
few gifts just for fun no religious ties
at all and also don't forget to ask your
questions for next week's video there
are two videos over here that you can
watch just click them even on mobile and
sign up for the giveaway free shit never
a bad thing mwah bellissimo
that is you guys now maybe I'll go do a
little underboob fun fan show vagina
thing for you guys just a little bit
just so I can put it in the thumbnail I
wouldn't do that would I no way
