good morning Las Vegas so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want this is our last day here
and I'm just opening the drapes they're
Auto drapes it's pretty cool I don't
know if I've given you guys an actual
view of what it looks like during the
day it's far inferior to how it looks at
night why is it stopping there why did
you stop there open is that as far open
as it's always been
that's weird anyway okay so Jays getting
ready to go I'm trying to find the
location of the realtor that we wanted
to go to and then we're gonna go there
and then we're gonna check out a few
more places that will build us a new
house and see how they stack up to
Leonard the Leonard chick called me this
morning but she said she would which is
really cool because I figured she just
like wouldn't call or something and she
would bother me later and not do what
she said or whatever but then I called
her back and there was no answer so I
don't know how that is she said she
wanted to ask me a few questions and
give me more information on the fiber
wire Internet and stuff so that's what
we're doing today
as far as house looking and then I have
to be at the airport by well we have to
drop off the car by 7:00 but we want to
be there a little bit earlier because
our flight is at 7:50 and we don't want
to be late because that would suck I
want to be home I'm not looking forward
to the flight at all but I really really
want to be home so that's what's going
on Vegas is nice but impending flights
and things just make it kind of like if
I was living area would be fine all
right I'm gonna find the address to this
place and I'm off to either way either
all right guys we're here we're gonna
check out signature real estate this was
the real estate agent company that had
the best reviews on Zillow and on Yelp
and stuff so we're gonna check them out
and the idea
to have a mixture of big beautiful homes
but
they're so pretty wow this is really
nice where will William Lyon homes we're
gonna go check it out yes yeah they can
work towards your closing costs it would
be up to your pocket money we did not
discuss closing costs it's got a pool
yeah it really is this is a little bit
better than the when our homes I would
say oh yeah that's what I said there's a
pool this is a similar size to the pool
in the one that you showed us I think
like it's smaller but it has the jacuzzi
yeah you already sold your soul on
anything I love how open
oh it's so comfortable
yeah you have babies
this is crazy and this is probably
something you can upgrade to though
right it's not it would be very yeah I
really like how open it is
it's just gorgeous let's go upstairs and
you got a bar here oh my god oh my god
yes the extra storage room is really
nice oh yeah this is kind of like at the
Oreo art um having a smart house that's
cool yeah you can do everything you can
turn off and on
places probably turn off the pool that
was separate temperature one year - that
was the best a thermostat but those
what's probably like the built-in thing
what to do oh because it's telling a lot
of yeah yeah I love these little windows
beautiful you know that's just character
they built in the house yeah this is
your Wow yeah
double sink and that would probably be
an upgrade you know yeah besides being
granite and everything but this is so
full size bed yeah but you can see even
a queen-size bed yeah it nicely in here
are not that close together I mean look
at this one is good you know nothing
yeah looks like and then you can see
there it's not that close yes not bad
yeah this is the biggest one yeah
oh it's kind of scary I know oh the
bridge kind of balcony yeah and this is
probably an upgrade to like having this
instant versus a pony wall yeah having
open railing like that's look at the
washer and dryer
oh my guys nice with a little shower and
again this would be enough grace having
a bathroom yeah I like the granite and
the dark I love this granite yeah it was
so pretty
the master bathroom is a little bit of a
like I I'm picky about it oh my god I
love this view oh it's just it's so
pretty that wow wow yeah that wall isn't
saying I think we can afford early yeah
it's really annoying that we're probably
gonna get throttled right this is how
you need to talk to a really savvy
lender if you feel like your lender is a
young green isn't gonna give you you
know because a savvy lender will know
these things and I know more lenders if
you're not happy with ones that gave you
or even theirs let me know yeah now that
I'm sure that shopping around isn't
gonna hit my credit pretty hard I'm like
more comfortable with it no no
oh my god it really is this isn't really
big tub benches I love the benches and
the to do they have the two or just I
love the wall ones that it's so cool it
comes in sprays you from the side yeah
those are all upgrades this is
definitely a nicer lot than the Lilin
are when we went to but Lennar so they
had like 20 different Lots or something
all right this is plan to this is the
one we like the best I think so very
similar yeah what so it's a bathroom to
look that's your guest bath and then
this is the bathroom to this but whoa
that's weird because if you have your
long living here yes yeah it actually
has a shower and standard yeah this is
just the potty you can hear each other
yeah this is cute I like the little nook
areas they're not necessary though yeah
I just I just love the wide openness of
this places yeah do you think I get to
choose what color the cabinets are yeah
yeah I don't love the white yeah I feel
like this is I wouldn't miss the extra
room of the other place so far this
seems definitely nice enough
yeah a little bit it had like a separate
like nook area for the breakfast table
or the the dining table yeah it's like
more open tall ladder or something from
here oh you can't even do that or you
know go up and down I wonder if it does
well that would be interesting what this
is just going back out I love these
windows these arched windows they're so
pretty really oh it's so awesome
these are always fake right order the
action these are just put on for
decoration yeah I have them outside the
house often you could put plantation
shutters so yeah and certain things like
that I wouldn't have the Builder do a
lot more yeah yes so this is a four
bedroom oh is this the master oh I love
these gorgeous like showers glass shower
yeah and then this is a huge tub these
are so huge yeah it's another but I need
this like oh I need a big closet really
bad so you're you will have closing
costs with alone and they run around 3%
so that's an additional two you can use
it any way you want you can use it for
your upgrades so that's really hopefully
yeah it's pretty nice yeah nice so if
one lender like approves me for a
certain price is that incentive for
other lenders to do so as well that
should I ever bring that up or is it
just completely wrong let them know
you're shopping okay so you want to know
the best rate that's gonna do the best
job for you all right there's one more
yeah I like that
I'm not so sure about like the extra
bathrooms for the bedrooms is if there's
like more people living here yeah yeah
yeah this is the smallest one that's
weird but it's not bad yeah yeah oh oh
really yeah master downstairs I
understand master
yes that's not bad I feel like this is
acceptable oh I love the the jars that
are just like dropping the water over
the ledge for the oh yeah that's so
pretty
there's a bird in it that's cute
this walls a little bit cracked it's
interesting all right master bathroom I
gotta do master bathroom oh there's a
little chair this is cute for makeup I
like this with a little indent here
hello
I like this wall yeah it's so pretty
I'm afraid that it works I almost turned
it on they don't save my words yeah holy
shit it works yeah I like high ceilings
I like open spaces sure isn't that great
oh this is way prettier than the other
one yeah Borges oh this is this would be
great it's almost like a reception area
it's our setup like this is cool but
still I mean you can imagine this is
just a
that's cool alright cuz your bedrooms
downstairs yeah so you can feel like
you're living there but working up here
yeah you will have guests walk-in closet
uninvited guests they invite themselves
and you just love I mean you miss on man
you know come on and see it's just I've
always enjoyed it it's up to you or not
but yeah I've had many more cousins then
it kind of stayed with me never stayed
with me before I don't know now that I'm
seeing it I don't mind just three
bedrooms if it's laid out like this
where there's a lot of open space and
then the bedrooms are a little bit
bigger
yeah three bedroom is doable as long as
it's still around like three thousand
yeah 2,700 beautiful space here what the
first one we went to the huge one was
three bedrooms yeah what I thought it
was like a hundred
oh cool all the laundry rooms like
really I like this think it's kind of
cool
yeah maybe they're just standalone
singer I'm happy with this place because
I think we could go down the street but
they're more expensive and and big yeah
I feel like this is the this is probably
our limit even if I can't afford more I
don't wanna you know ya think here but
this one doesn't I guess that's like an
awful I'm not crazy yeah this is just
like the wine nook it's got the wine
thing and nobody was the same yeah yeah
alright that's the three plans down here
at a whatever thank you for reading the
name of this place I showed you multiple
times yeah I'm liking this place a lot
better than the first place and we don't
have much time to check out other things
so other than that I'm just gonna go get
their lender information and hope that
proving my income will do me justice hey
guys we're waiting at the airport and
I'm just gonna end the house I was a
search blog here in Vegas I'm sure I'll
do a second one or a follow-up or
something and I'll keep you guys up to
date but we just got back from let me
show you her card where did you got back
we have a realtor now she's really cool
she's really nice she's seems like she's
been in the business a while so she's
savvy about certain things but then at
the same time she's not all judgmental
and weird I feel like a lot of the older
people who are like kind of computer
illiterate
who have been doing things for a long
time and know what they're talking about
have experienced they seem to be like
laddie India and then like really not
optimistic about things but she seems
really optimistic we went and we saw a
few more places actually in Summerlin
that's even more beautiful than
yesterday's and you know you guys just
saw because you went to the tour with me
but everything seems great at all I have
to do now and I'm so not looking forward
to this is talking to a bunch of lenders
shopping around with lenders to see how
much money I can get down for the house
if I have to put a lot down I won't be
able to do it right away so I might have
to like
to move down here and like rent for a
while while I save up because I haven't
been very good at saving I want I would
rather be paying off more a month or I
have a higher interest rate but that
might not be possible for someone who's
self-employed and so we'll just see what
the lenders say there's a specific
lender for the Builder that we saw today
that you guys just watched that we would
have to go through if we want like 20
grand to spend
they devleague incentives so if you go
with that lender you get 20 grand for
like extra stuff on the house or you can
put it toward the the closing costs and
stuff but I came into this this this
week thinking like I have no idea where
you even start like I didn't even know I
was supposed to get pre-approved or like
find a lender beforehand that's
something that you're kind of supposed
to do especially if you're you're gonna
you first see that you might have some
problems like I might because I'm
self-employed and my income rose
recently I'm basically just excited to
find out what the lender says and see if
we can actually wing it I'm a shit I
don't know I feel like I've gone through
this very unprofessionally but we've
learned a lot this weekend and it's been
a great ride we now have a realtor which
is what one of the things I wanted to
accomplish well down here and I know so
much more about everything now so I feel
a lot better and a lot more comfortable
but I'm still pretty pessimistic about
what the lenders are gonna say that I
can have and you know we'll have to shop
around to see who will give us the best
deal who's the most understanding of our
situation and stuff I'm going to check
out our bank
I'm gonna check out the lenders that
these builders want me to go with and
we'll just find out what's going on so
yeah thank you for watching the video
thank you for house shopping with me
it's fun it's like a collective effort
of Awesomeness I hope you guys enjoyed
this video let me know if you did let me
know if you have any tips any ideas of
what you think about the houses and what
you think about building if you know
anything about the builders if you live
in Las Vegas anything like that I just
want to hear what you guys think and you
know ultimately it's going to be my
decision in Jai's decision but I'm
looking forward to it it's been fun
looking at houses to say the least
office Peschel ii the models that are
all like oh they have all the extras
it's been really gorgeous and really
amazing and Summerlin is just so
beautiful all of Las Vegas like the
other places like South Summerlin and
there's up in the north with like the
mountains which we saw the first day I
went house shopping that wasn't
Summerlin that was like a different area
or was like close I don't know all of
the Las Vegas area except for north Las
Vegas like just north Las Vegas is
what's called not actually in the north
seems really beautiful there's places to
hike so I'm excited to you thanks for
watching guys don't feel like video
subscribe to the channel and check out
the other two videos here on the side
really appreciate it
see you guys in the next video
