so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to my house hunting vlog I
decided tonight after going on the first
day of house hunting that I got enough
footage that I was gonna do a whole
separate video my drapes are opening in
the hotel room so this is me going and
checking out different building places
we're checking out places that can
construct new buildings in like certain
areas maybe gated communities or
something and tomorrow we're gonna go
check out Realtors and a few other
building places and maybe an open house
but probably not because open houses are
like 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 or something and
everything is basically 11:00 a.m. to
2:00 or 5 and we have to get to the
airport by 7:00 so yeah I hope you guys
enjoy this I want to take you guys along
with me because I feel like it's
important that you guys know everything
that's going on with my life you guys
are the people who helped me have this
career in this life and enable me to
fucking build or buy my own house so I
appreciate it and I hope you find this
interesting
enjoy all right we're checking out
models what it means what she means by
everything is included is that like if I
want to change the front of the house or
something or if I want to add in a
different kind of bathroom or something
it's all included in this price sheet
that she gave us cuz other yeah other
properties will like force you to pay
extra for any add-ons or whatever oh my
god having this much space the idea of
having this much space so nice oh look
at this fucking kitchen I'm gonna cry
look at this little nook here I'm glad
that like she's not with us because I
want to explore on my own look at this
fucking fridges this is like a butcher's
fridge Jay come here Jay come here Jay
oh my god
do do you think you can afford something
like this
it is I think so what it's here
interesting
so yeah look at this look how big this
fridges go like you didn't feel like
seven of me in there like dead bodies
many soils so this little pantry is so
cute Wow it's included walk-in pantry
with wood shelves yeah okay here the
bedroom really this is a pretty big
bedroom hmm
I like the patio and stuff little dip in
here oh look at this bad shower oh my
god imagine everybody got this closet
would actually fit all my shit
oh my god I'm lost I'm literally lost
lost in my own house like how long would
it take me to get used to this or this
is like a point five bath what the hell
is this what is that look a liquor
cabinet here's the what's it called all
right we're moving on down the line to
the next model home these are all the
models this one has a pretty good garage
I don't like the way that all the houses
in this state looked kind of like stucco
boy blows but I can get you soda yes
this is the Jun yeah this is the kind of
thing that I want like a two-story I
like the the wind the wind things
yeah that's good tripped oh my god I
think another heart attack it was a
bedroom right here as you walk in
walk-in closet I don't know what we're
gonna do with smaller bedrooms
dude I'm covering the fucking mic again
gizumon sorry guys um I don't know I'd
won like a big house or a big room for
the probably this is all really really
really cool
it's a fire pit is that a well we could
totally see like your stuff goes here my
stuff goes over here and then we're
playing in the same room yeah like I
said we should have our actual
entertainment center right next to our
streaming setup so that I can hook up my
the ps4 and stuff so I can stream ps4
I'm literally in love with the idea of
having a new home that looks something
like this
oh man or we could do it up here with a
view on the balcony some James Dean
pictures on the wall oh well there's
nothing one of those gigantic bats oh
man this balcony is pretty sick but I
really care for a balcony this room is
definitely definitely big enough to do a
bunch of different YouTube sets like I
could have like Tara Reid's comments
over here oh my god so how much is the
jewel too much right like 650 yeah
yeah yeah I know shower
yeah it's gigantic there are two things
oh that's so awesome I laid down this is
really cool I can put a down payment on
my dirt I just don't like how close our
neighbors would be you know you don't
think that if they're having like a loud
party like our neighbors upstairs do
that we wouldn't hear them hey you use
American Crew hair stuff I love that
there's a good yeah this is a real house
Jay it's not like cardboard you're not
coming well I got shit whoa look at
these giant dice and there's the thing a
Jenga doesn't open Oh everything's fake
here liars
very nice house all right this is the
next house the Emory it's like getting
two homes for one payment okay 4,000
square feet yeah I think this one's
locked no I'm just bad I'm just bad yeah
that's cool some like weird family
Sunday they're home it's Harry Potter's
room this is where you belong this is
where all your shit goes oh my god you
guys I love these kitchens
I love stainless steel I love actual
granite I've always wanted that they've
got like an under Oh what whoa look at
that clock oh my god cool table but look
at this clock though oh my god watch
them be glued to the table they're not
glued to the table man I could do like
naturally videos in here
oh man I love this little upstairs area
Oh home I got another giant closet yes
this is the master bath yeah but I like
upstairs I want it to be skinnier but
upstairs where's the tub for this one
there's one showerhead with two nozzles
oh there's a shower head on the ceiling
kind of small that's cool
so she's like our realtor if we buy from
this company nice so walking in the
light turns on good light yeah they're
really comfy tiny closet I think we can
say like we don't need this many closets
we want bigger rooms or something maybe
we're not pack rats what are you talking
about this guy oh they have the dual the
dual flushing system where like you
flush on one side of its poop no one
said it was not Jake can you not all
right dude I'm sold
no no furniture no no no she said we
save you money so you can put money into
new furniture
so the Emory also has like a private
suite I guess is this like just an extra
room yeah like a mini guest house oh
that's interesting it has a shed back
there yeah I'm assuming that they mark
up the price so that they can say that
everything is included you know and then
so if we don't want some features we're
actually being swindled a little bit
I like this private little sweet thing
but it's unnecessary all right
we just got done talking to them and it
seems like they really want to put
people in these homes they have a bunch
of open lots and it said they said it
takes about five months to build the
home which is like a pretty good
timeframe for us I'm glad we started
looking now and then once the home is
built and it's an instant approximate
which kind of sucks because it might be
too long or too short but once we close
on the home we have to come down here
and they it's cute they say they throw
that like a little party with like a red
carpet and say welcome home or whatever
and that sounds cute whatever but um
it's kind of annoying if I can't get the
right timeframe if I have to come here
early and I'm still paying for my other
apartment or if I have to break my lease
or whatever we got a bunch of
information and they said they said that
they don't have fiber optic internet
which is kind of annoying but then they
also kind of back pedaled on and said
that they provide they want us to go
through Cox but we don't have to go
through Cox and there are places that
can you know run the fiber wire through
here for us so we'll have to call and
find out about that but that's important
because when I'm uploading YouTube
videos and J can't play League he can't
use the internet it's just like the most
throttle latency ridden awfulness thing
possible there are other places that are
a little cheaper I'm thinking we're
probably gonna have to go a little
cheaper which is gonna suck because the
way that lenders look at my income is
gonna be my last two tax returns and
I've only been doing as well as I've
been doing for like one tax return and
I'm gonna try to my this year's tax
return and add it in there because and
that'll help me a lot and now that my
income is all provable because I have
all the 1099s and stuff from twitch and
YouTube it should be it should be doable
hopefully I'm excited and I'm hoping
that if this is like all I have to do
and everything's gonna be fine and
they're not gonna like take too long to
build them to build everything I don't
know they don't have any guarantees I
feel like like they write Jenny like
they made us feel like there's no
guarantees for when they'll build and
that seems kind of shady I don't know
how it is well usually when you get a
house built well cuz they say it's an
approximation so let's say what if they
say five months then five months rolls
around they're like nope six seven
months rolls around they're still not
done you don't saying like
think they're giving us the maximum on a
time they'll take months and then they
might take three or four maybe that's
why the one chick said that three to
five months and then she said five
months five months all right guys so we
went out to eat and I was looking up
like reviews and stuff because I was
feeling like it's a little bit sketchy
and a little bit too good to be true
that they just you know build you a
house everything's good and the fact
that they really really seemed like they
wanted us to do it and we're very
accommodating obviously that's a good
thing but it also feels like a sales
tactic so we looked up Leonard homes and
there's a bunch of websites called like
you know complain about this they're
complaining about that and they're
dedicated solely to complaining about
things and there were a ton of battery
views like Leonard got like one star but
then I was like okay let's look up the
competitors and Jay said let's find out
some competitors so we looked up like
everything else we looked up there's
this there's a bunch of other weird
names for whatever-the-fuck and there's
American West and a few others and they
all have really bad reviews on these
sites because these sites don't really
tailor to good experiences it's not like
Yelp we looked on Yelp and Yelp barely
had anything it's like so weird that
it's I don't know and it's so separate
because the the letter people are
basically just like the Realtors and
then they outsource obviously to like
construction workers and stuff who build
the houses and those people are the ones
that they it seems like a lot of people
are complaining that they skimp on
things and cut corners and cut corners
with repairs and basically the biggest
um and the biggest complaints that I've
seen so far are people saying the home
was not done on time they had to like
live in a certainly it's like live in an
apartment on an apartment or like a
whatever-the-fuck hotel to wait for it
to be finished because the projected
move in time was incorrect for one of
the companies not for Leonard before one
of the companies they were saying that
like they completely just stole their
money and left which is like what the
fuck and then for Leonard and a few of
the other companies they were saying
that everything is just breaking and
even though everything is under warranty
and everything's brand new it takes them
like forever to come in and fix things
and then the only fix one of the many
problems that they have like fucked up
electrical wiring certain lights not
working and they said it they don't
grout under the tiles or something so it
depreciates really quickly and I don't
know
I was really really excited and now I'm
really really disheartened and I don't I
don't know how I feel about it but then
I'm looking at all the other places that
do the exact same thing where they sell
people new houses on certain lots and
things seeing that they all have bad
reviews on these sites as well it's kind
of like I'm just confused so tomorrow
I'm gonna make sure that we go to actual
Realtors to look for other houses and
one of the guys who did one of the
reviews recommended using your own
realtor even though they have Leonard is
kind of like a realtor for these
specific houses they said use your own
realtor because you know that'll be like
an impartial third party I guess I don't
know I don't know how to be stringent on
you know I don't know anything about
construction my dad does but he's not
here and that's what sucks about moving
across country also the fact that I
can't be here - like supervise the
construction if I do happen to go on
with the plan and everything it's just
this very it's confuzzled and it's
confusing and I would rather have a
brand-new home but I would rather have a
home that's not just like riddled with
things that I have to repair myself even
though they're under warranty so we'll
see how that goes
gonna check out some of the other
builders tomorrow and we're gonna check
out a realtor and maybe an open house I
don't know it depends on how early we
wake up actually I wanted to go hiking
this morning but didn't wake up early
enough and I was feeling still drunk
from last night
so I will update you guys and take you
along on the other house tours and
things that we get into tomorrow I
