what's up guys so today we're gonna be
doing some weird so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys today we're gonna be
doing something a little bit weird as
you guys know I'm not technically a
storytime youtuber but occasionally I
have the hankering to tell you guys a
few stories today is gonna be a montage
of stories about the nighttime or
sleeping sounds boring I know but these
are gonna be funny or what the fuck
moments and I have a bunch of written
down in my phone so that's why I'm
holding my phone right now
it says random what the fuck sleep
stories right here on my phone the first
one says well I'm not gonna tell you
what they say because that's kind of
like telling you the punchline of a joke
I'm just gonna tell you the story isn't
it so appropriate though that I'm
wearing one of my new ones he's telling
sleepytime stories oh this is so cozy
it's like we're girlfriends or
boyfriends what are we I really need a
definition to this relationship soon
guys exit light enter night tara has
weird phenomenon sans light I just
fucked up that song there was a time
where Jay would like assault me in his
sleep almost every night if you guys
don't know we do sleep in the same bed
because fucking cuddles hell yeah also I
don't like sleeping alone I would
probably have some like a random guy
sleeping in bed with me just to sleep
with me even if I wasn't attracted to
him if I didn't have Jay I just like
sleeping with people okay that's why
they call me a slut but you know not
that kind of sleeping I also like that
kind of sleeping so yeah like there was
this random time where I was just
sleeping and I was actually half awake
because I have this really terrible
problem with fragile sleep like I'll
wake up really easily and then it'll be
hard for me to go back to bed
and Jay always says don't look at the
phone don't pick up the phone the
brightness of the phone will make you
completely awake but for me I keep
thinking about things in my head or
thinking about things I want to do when
I wake up that the only way I can put
myself to rest as if I check my email or
I check the comments on my YouTube video
or whatever so I think I was doing that
and Jay is clearly fast asleep you can
tell when Jays not asleep because he
breathes like less heavy and he is a
very very very heavy sleeper now when I
wake up Jay for any reason if I'm really
sweet and nice like if I use a really
sweet and nice voice he's really sweet
and nice back subconsciously it's really
weird and I used to do this thing okay
this is gonna be another story so this
is another little story as I'm leading a
to this one story where Jay assaults me
into sleep so I used to do this thing
where I have the memo thing it's like a
voice memo thing on the phone and I
would record me talking to him while
he's falling asleep because I would go
like hey what are you doing and
sometimes he would give me like the most
random shit back who'd be like squirrel
squirrel surfing and then I'm like the
squirrel surfing oh my god and then he
would be like no I don't like it or just
like the most random fucking shit like
clearly he's falling asleep and dreaming
out loud at me and it's like really cute
shit always was like really cute animals
or something it's adorable right so I
used to do that I manipulate J so much
in his sleep because it's hilarious how
heavily he sleeps but if I'm nice to him
nice response if I'm mad at him about
something even if it's warranted it's a
mean response and he doesn't wake up so
the first thing you did was in these two
months is he kicked me like really hard
like he turned over and she's like
kicked me in the leg or in the side or
something I'm like what the fuck and
he's like what the fuck
and I'm like why did you kick me and
he's like I didn't and he's just like so
rude but he's still sleeping it's like
how can you be so rude and so passionate
about how rude you are while you're
sleeping what is this oh my god and then
the second time was the worst time okay
so this is the time that I was actually
kind of awake he rolls over and he
punches me in the face and it felt like
it was like kind of deliberate like it
wasn't just like oh I laid my fist on
your hand kind of thing it was like ooh
and it like actually hurt it wasn't like
his I'm awake and I'm trying to fight
someone from my life kind of punch cuz
that would probably knock me out he is a
big guy but it was like a punch that
hurts a lot and it was like right near
my eye it was like right here so like my
eye hurt and everything heard
fortunately I didn't get a black eye but
I was like what the fuck
I said what the fuck I got loud he's
like what and I'm like you just punched
me and he's like no I didn't and like
yes you did he's like whatever and just
goes back to sleep and then I say I tell
him like dude you fucking punched me in
the face last night he's like what and
I'm like yeah I woke you up and you were
really mean about it you act like it was
my fault or something like I deserve to
be punched she fucking wife-beater dude
I swear to God except he doesn't even
have to lock me down with a contract in
order to fucking punch me like he owns
me right and he totally didn't even
remember me waking him up and having the
argument about him having punched me it
was so weird like we can talk about so
many things in the middle of the night
and often he'll ask me like did we talk
about this or did I dream this there's
like no parallel for him between dreams
and reality
sometimes it's really weird and then
after that there was like three or four
more times where he punched me not as
hard or kicked me not as hard and then
after like two months it just stopped
very weird it's like he was having a
bunch of Fight Club or Streets of Rage
or Street Fighter fucking dreams or
something and he didn't remember them
and he's like attacking me as if I'm
some kind of fucking makeshift chun-li
my ass isn't that big I'm sorry okay so
about my first surgery not plastic
surgery first surgery when I was really
really really really little like I was
like seven years old or something I woke
up one day and my thumb didn't work it
was just like this like literally like
this and I could there's actually like
you can see there's like three lines
here I don't have those three lines on
this side so that's actually where they
like cut me open it was on this finger
and apparently I had trigger thumb and I
had acquired trigger thumb overnight and
as far as I know I haven't researched it
too much but trigger thumb is like
something that happens to people who
overwork their thumbs like people who
work in factories or type too much play
video games yeah like I played video
games but I was like seven what it was
very weird I was like fuck I remember
this feeling of dread like fuck I can't
move my goddamn thumb I walk out to my
dad I'm like dad I can't move my thumb
and I'm not a hundred percent sure about
this to those very young but I recall
very vividly them saying yes you can or
why or something like that and I'm like
I don't fucking know I'm seven years old
I can't move my goddamned um like what
the fuck is going on
oh you guys I knew I should have
transferred all the old videos onto my
computer before I started fucking
filming today I knew my fucking SD card
was gonna fail and it filled so now I
have to do like a one and a half fucking
stories over again anyway let me try to
muster the excitement I had initially
again so anyway to continue the thumb
surgery they rushed me to the emergency
room I don't know what they were
thinking they were thinking oh my god
one of Terra's appendages indexes on her
appendage is not working she's not all
fingers in all toes what a terrible
child if we don't fix this we'll have to
euthanize her so they rushed to be there
I thought it was a big deal and then I
went in for surgery I think that day and
all I remember from it was waking up
from the anesthesia and not hating it
then nearly as much as I do now for some
reason it just fucks me up to wake up
from anesthesia I was all woozy and my
dad was making jokes when is he fucking
not making jokes to the doctor and and
it wasn't that bad of an experience and
now all I have is these three little
lines here and my thumb works fine very
fucking weird you would assume
that surgery's really intricate because
how small my hand wasn't how small the
tendons there were it must have been
really hard to do thank you doctor for
not fucking up the use of my hands I
need them for analog sticks Patti right
so the next story before my mom got
panda and snowy they had a cat named
climber rest in peace and before that
they had a cat named shadow
rest in peace now shadow protected me a
lot when I was a baby my mom won't tell
me stories about how any time I cried or
anytime I needed anything shadow would
mu and mu and otherwise she was really
quiet very docile cat and she's always
protected me there was this one time
where I was a toddler and I pulled this
big-ass bookcase over onto myself and I
didn't even cry so I wasn't getting my
mom's attention I don't know why I
didn't cry I was a pretty quiet kid so
that might be why as quiet as babies and
kids go anyway yeah and shadow was the
one that helped me out of that pickle so
she's always been a very very good cat
but I had a bunk bed why did I have a
bunk bed did I have siblings did I have
a lot of sleepovers no I had a bright
red metal bunk bed as a person afraid of
heights who slept on the bottom and
didn't care for the top just to cover it
in plushies and I had a full mountain of
flashes on the top bunk it was really
fun to plan and I would try to go up
there and like overcome my fear of
heights which didn't work too well I'm
still pretty afraid of heights very
annoying if you really want to get over
that psychological issue that I have
makes no sense
I'm standing next to windows that are
triple paned and will not come out under
any circumstances I look down and I get
the fucking huge e B's I don't like it
it's not logical but it has kept me from
climbing ladders but shadow this fat cat
who has always protected me now my mom
always feeds the cats pancakes they're
like mini pancakes for cats but made
from the same pancake batter that we eat
our pancakes on Sunday morning with so
all of her cats have been pretty fat
shadow was not an exception I woke up
one morning to immense pain on my face I
touch my face my face is bleeding I
looked down at the floor and shadows
looking at me like oh my god I'm so
sorry she was totally clearly remorseful
for what she'd done she was trying to
climb my bunk for whatever reason and
her fucking fat ass fell off and while
she was falling she scratched me across
the face right next to my eye and yeah I
had to go to elementary school like that
for a few
and it made me look like I was a beaten
child it really did it was weird
my teachers were like why do you have
really deep scratches on your face and I
was like my cat fell off my bunk bed
while I was sleeping and used my face is
the place to dig her claws so she
wouldn't fall and hurt herself further
all right the next story we have like
two more stories bear with me hopefully
these are entertaining to you guys if
you want me to do more compilations I
have a lot of things that I think are
story worthy but they're not long enough
to make into a full story and I'm not
really a story channel as I said so I
don't know if you guys want to see this
content but if you do like the video you
post in the comments I really want to
hear from you please let me know I
tailor all of my content to what you
guys want to see as well as what I want
to make and if you want to see it I'll
do it as long as I want to do it two
consenting adults anyway so this story
is kind of weird when I wake up from
something scaring me or when something
happens and it scares me I don't make
sudden movements I don't react right
away I kind of survey the information
that I have and I get a lot of terrors
in the middle of the night like me just
being scared of the dark or me being
scared that someone's gonna rob us it's
really ridiculous and I've learned to
kind of logic myself out of these fears
or process them more rationally but
they've never once made me sit up in my
bed or freak out or make any sudden
movements I usually just sit there and
like move my head back and forth and
like listen really hard and assess the
situation right I don't just jump up but
one night randomly a few years ago I was
sleeping and I just jumped up out of my
bed like sitting up straight like this
just out of nowhere and I'm like why did
I do that and then I touch my face my
face is dripping blood out of my nose
I'm not someone who gets nosebleeds in
fact I've always my entire life thought
the people who got nosebleeds often were
kind of weird like what the fuck is
wrong with you I remember the first time
I saw that in elementary school it's
like oh my god is he dying like it
wasn't like a normal thing to me at
first and I've gotten like two
nosebleeds in my life before that and it
was me like picking my nose or something
too hard so I said up in bed and I'm
just like drenched in blood and I have
no idea what happened and I'm like ah
Jay Jay and I'm like trying to wait Jay
upright and she's like what because you
know in this deep trance whatever
emotion I convey to him he freaks out at
me like if there was an intruder in our
house and I had to wake him up I would
have to put my hand over his mouth and
Derek Jay what the fuck up there's
someone in our house in order to stop
him from being like
but even like freaking out you know like
emulating what I'm feeling at the moment
so he's like extremely confused cuz he
was in deep deep deep REM sleep right
his fucking eyeballs were back and forth
back and forth and then he was like
dreaming about some titties or something
and I fucking am drenched in blood and I
can't imagine what he was thinking but
ya never found out why I was bleeding
had to clean myself up got it all over
my shirt and to put like fucking things
in my nose like I'm some kind of weirdo
those guys that I thought were weird in
elementary school got a bunch of
nosebleeds I was one of those people
except for in the middle of the night
and ten times worse it was very weird I
have no idea what happened it's like I
probably just went like boom and like
pushed my fucking fingers into my nose
and like twisted it around and like
pulled out all of my fucking nose skin
and then sat up in my bed because I
don't know why did that I don't know
what the fuck happened there it was
really fucking weird hope it never
happens again kind of scarred me a
little bit for a while but then I got
over it alright the last story you guys
know that I like fucking you guys know
that I like fucking sleep paralysis it's
kind of an oxymoron to say someone likes
sleep paralysis right but I do because
it fascinates me to no end and recently
I've been able to reenact it oh my god
not on purpose really just like I
realized that if I sleep on my back it's
possible that I might trigger sleep
paralysis that night which is really
cool so guys if you're having an issue
with sleep paralysis or night terrors
sleeping on your back makes you much
more likely to have it happen so try not
sleep on your back
anyway I absolutely hate sleeping on my
back right and I'll post the link in the
description for the other video where I
talked about this but when I get my
boobs done I'm forced to sleep on my
back for like a month
so I've kind of gotten in the habit of
doing it and like two nights ago or
something I got this crazy crazy episode
of sleep paralysis so cool alright so I
was laying in bed and I could not move I
had woken up when my brain had woken up
and I thought that I was in control of
my body
but I was having this night terror where
someone had broken into my apartment and
Jay and I were going to check it out Jay
went in front of me at Wright and this
was a very very vivid dream like usually
you can tell or at least I can tell I
don't dream lucidly anymore I used to a
lot but I can always tell that I'm
dreaming especially when I'm in the
dream it's like very hazy things aren't
happening that makes sense things aren't
happening in order I'm having sex with
people I simply just have not had sex
with or something but this I could not
tell was a dream
so Jay goes to the door first I'm at the
door behind him and then I feel this guy
pushed Jay on top of me and I think he
killed Jay because Jay is not moving in
Jays crushing me and I can't breathe and
I am having this terror that's a very
it's a very like mild third-person kind
of terror you're not feeling the
adrenaline rush where your heart is
pounding and you're clearly just like
more adrenaline oh my god but you're
afraid and for me I don't really get
afraid when I have sleep paralysis I do
but it's the thing I can manage I don't
know I don't know if it's because I'm
apathetic most of the time I don't know
why it happens but I don't have the
experiences that most people have where
they're like I don't want to have a
night terror I don't what I have sleep
paralysis it's the worst thing that's
ever happened to me and yeah I've had
friends who have night terrors every
night and it is very debilitating for
them but for me it's more like an
adventure so Jay was laying on top of me
I think he's dead I'm afraid but I can't
fucking move and I'm trying my best to
moving I'm like fucking moved here
fucking move you have to say this guy's
throw come on fucking move oh my god you
have to call the ambulance for Jay and I
can't get up and I can't do anything and
then I realized that I'm laying in bed
like this and I'm not moving and then I
can finally move and the fear is gone
and I'm like whoa that was fucking
intense I literally thought that someone
broke into our fucking apartment Jay had
died I have to call the cops I have to
slit this guy's throat like that's how
it was for me at that moment and usually
when I have scary dreams or dreams they
don't make any sense I wake up scared
but in the dream I'm not as scared
because it's like a rational like
nothing's gonna happen to me type of
thing
very very weird very interesting is the
first time that a sleep paralysis
episode has been more than me just
laying in bed not being able to move and
feeling this like mild sense of fear
that I'm just ignoring because it's not
that big of a deal and then I can move
again this time there was actually like
a really realistic dream attached to it
with one of my really realistic fears if
you guys want to know but the other
times I've had sleep paralysis or any of
my dreams I'll try to find all of my
dreams slash night slash sleep paralysis
videos and post them in the description
this is a very interesting topic to me
dreams are very interesting especially
the psychology behind them why they
happen what's going on in them how you
lucid dream when I was younger I've
talked about this a lot when I was
younger I used to only have nightmares
and they would all be lucid so I've made
it kind of like a game where I would run
away from whatever's trying to kill me
or
would jump into holes and right before I
hit the end I was like wake up and
sometimes it wouldn't work the first
time then I'd be like wake up and I was
like poof and I'd be awake no longer
scared it was awesome that was a way
that I could channel adrenaline feel
adrenaline and feel scared and being all
these like a horror movie style
situations without actually fearing for
my life it was really fun to mean I
really miss being able to lucid dream
and I know that there are ways that you
can stimulate it and make it happen
again but I don't know I'm just kind of
lazy on that point and I also don't want
to have a bunch of nightmares because I
would always wake up so tired like I
spent the whole night actually running
or something not that tired obviously
but it felt akin to that you know what
I'm saying say I hope you guys enjoyed
this let me know in the comments if you
did because I will make more of these
types of things I do have a really
interesting story and if you guys want
me to tell this story please let me know
where I went downtown and we were almost
jumped and it was really scary and my
friend my female friend got hit in the
face it was really really interesting
story it's one of the reasons why I
don't like going downtown I don't like
ghetto areas and I feel like most of
Seattle is kind of ghetto and I don't
like going places at night it's it's an
interesting story I want to tell it so
let me know if you want to hear it I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching don't forget to like the video
and subscribe to the channel check out
the two videos over here or over here I
don't remember which side that pop up in
the end screen and also don't forget to
turn on notifications and make sure
you're subscribed YouTube's having this
weird issue lately where it's
unsubscribing a bunch of people from
accounts that they don't deem
appropriate for YouTube it's kind of
like a passive-aggressive way to get us
off of having a large following on the
site
hopefully they rectify that soon
hopefully it's not as bad as I think it
is but yeah following and then hitting
that Bell for notifications anytime I
post anything whether you're on mobile
or on the desktop you can do that and I
would really appreciate it thank you
guys bye sleep tight
