tarah alienates half of her followers
with unpopular opinions take to action
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want okay so
I'm finally doing this month's Instagram
Q&A I asked you guys on Instagram on
this post what you guys wanted me to
answer about ethics and philosophy and
you guys had a lot of hard questions
which I'm gonna answer for you guys
today so I hope you guys enjoy this let
me get off Spotify and get to where I'm
supposed to fucking be stealer Wayne
asks should assisted suicides be allowed
for terminally ill patients suffering
considerable pain yes in fact I would
take it a step further and say that if
you're terminally ill at all and if
you're not having any symptoms or
whatever you should be able to make that
choice in fact I have some conflicting
opinions that I will probably talk to
you guys about at a later date about
suicide in general I feel like it's our
bodies it's our lives and if we feel
like we want to end it we should have
the right to do so but at the same time
there are so many fucking people in fact
the majority of people who are
contemplating suicide
shouldn't be doing it because it's just
an emotional reaction to the situation
that they're currently in which will get
better
I have conflicting ideas about this
because while I believe that there's a
point in my life where I could be like
you know what I'm not enjoying living
anymore and I'd rather not live I feel
like I could see that in an alternate
reality me just like sitting there and
feeling that way based on just knowing
that maybe nothing in my life could get
better enough to where I would enjoy it
or something and I would want the right
to be able to end my life or if like
some extenuating circumstances were to
arise like something inhibiting me from
like just life liberty and the pursuit
of happiness and I wanted to take my own
life for whatever reason I would want
the right to do so but I feel like so
many people are doing it just based on
like the here and now emotions and that
to me is very sad but at the same time
how sad can it be like I've talked about
death and stuff there's nothing after
death it's just like before you were
born you don't miss living you don't
wish you were living your just
nothingness so is it really a loss to
anyone other than the people who
continue living it's not like the person
who commits suicide is ever gonna be
regretful right so I don't know while it
is sad that a young person taking their
life had so much to live for it's
actually kind of an illogical idea that
we should be able to stop someone from
doing something to their bodies that
they want to do
or that we actually even care that
someone has died caring for them and
what they've lost they're dead they
don't care
we as their friends and family care but
they don't write out the bat just start
with something that's gonna alienate
like at least half of you but try to
think about it a little bit so
underscore amber Ashe asks by the way I
am hopped up on caffeine I just had a
coffee is the Soylent with coffee I
really like Soylent as a meal
replacement I'm not sponsored weird
story I was gonna be sponsored but then
they stopped talking to me and I
continue to use the product because I
actually liked it anyway um so Umbra ash
was saying can you do your opinion on
canteen ethics I really want to do a
whole video on this in fact I just
learned about it recently from crash
course of course this is a really
interesting topic because well I don't
know hundred percent agree with cons
he's like one of the first philosophers
that talked about ethics and right from
wrong in a non-biblical non-theist way
Immanuel Kant believes that we can tell
right from wrong based on logic and
reason just by asking a simple question
if I'm gonna do this thing what I think
that it's reasonable for everyone else
to do this thing in this circumstance
all the time so for instance I'm gonna
steal this item because I don't have
enough money to pay for it should
everyone be stealing every item every
time they don't have enough to pay for
it if you can't logically say yes to
this then you shouldn't be doing it then
it's unethical well I agree with a lot
of his beliefs I don't agree with his
staunch opposition to murder at all
costs I believe there are times when
killing someone is definitely the
correct choice if you guys want me to
talk more about that and actually if you
want me to research it and talk more
about it cuz right now I'm paraphrasing
let me know hopefully this is gonna be a
good video I feel like I'm talking at
the speed of light fucking everything up
so Josh's mom has got it goin on says
should prostitution be legalized with
safety laws put in place to protect both
John and worker why or why not I'm a
hundred percent behind this I think that
it makes so much sense there's a supply
for it and there's a demand for it I
don't think it should be something
that's so taboo if someone wants to go
out and pay to have sex it should be
fine as long as you're wearing a condom
as long as they're getting tested if it
was as regulated as it isn't porn or you
have to get tested every few weeks or
every few months I would see no issue
with it like in the slightest
in fact like I could see myself going
out and getting like a really high-class
Asian call girl or something from my
birth
just like fuck around with me and j-just
so I don't have to worry about the whole
like oh are you cool it's coming home
with both of us okay now get out you
know kind of thing if it was safer if it
was regulated if both parties were
consenting adults is just there I don't
see any problem with it I don't see why
it's so taboo better yet I don't think
it should be such a look down upon
profession if I was a porn star would
probably also be a call girl and from
what I understand from a lot of the porn
girls I know most porn stars are call
girls on the side don't see the problem
with being a porn star either and this
coming from someone who doesn't want to
be one should people have the right to
tell others whether it's okay to believe
in a higher power or God says ruthless
calacas no we should be able to believe
in whatever we want again this coming
from an atheist freedom of speech kind
of entails that people who want to speak
against what I believe are allowed to
speak as well I'm not a feminist or an
sjw I don't believe that that's a
one-way street Steph two dopes asks and
I just spit everywhere I don't know why
I've been doing that lately I feel like
I just forget to swallow when I'm hyped
up on caffeine I'm just everywhere it's
ridiculous what do you think happens
after we die is there an afterlife or
does everything just go out just like
before we are born nothingness that boy
you fuckwit asks have you played portal
well as a principal I decided not to
play portal even though it seems to be a
really good game because well it's
first-person and I believe it is
unethical to make games in the
first-person perspective so relevant
Phil a bird asks that okay when my buddy
gets out of line to slap them in the
face with my penis absolutely I see
nothing wrong with that I feel like more
men should slap they're out of line
friends in the face with their penis
live long and penis slap phase Wolff
asks do you believe in gender equality
and if you do to what extent I believe
that all beings on this planet should be
treated with basic human decency and
have basic human rights but no I don't
believe that men and women are equal or
that each person is equal we should have
equal rights to pursue our happiness but
we should be required to abide by the
law of whatever society we live in as
far as like that I can do anything you
can do better type of thing no women and
men are biologically different
individuals are all different we
contribute factually to society on
different levels
Bethenny Gray asks should all drugs be
legalized and to what extent should laws
influence our morality I feel like laws
are very different from morality I feel
like there are a lot of laws that have
nothing to do with morals things like
not to
gum on a Friday at 12 in New Orleans
maybe out that specific thing but things
like that are actually laws your morals
are your own they're not objective laws
are put into motion because a society
has to kind of coexist with each other
and be a cohesive force and if something
is legal that's just tearing the society
apart like let's say if murder was legal
then the people of power will pass a law
to make that not okay so that the
society functions better and that's
basically what the purpose of laws is
it's not to tell you who you are as a
person it's to make us living together
in a society flow better sometimes it
pushes some political agenda but I'm
talking like basic principles here as
far as should drugs be legalized I don't
know I haven't really thought too much
on the topic I know a lot of people that
I respect and who I usually see
eye-to-eye on believe that all drugs
should be legalized but then also taxed
and they say that it should be regulated
that things would be safer that way
less people would be in jail or flooding
our justice system for no reason I feel
like that's a sound argument but I
haven't really thought about it that
much and I don't have a strong position
on it and the person I'm talking about
specifically is the amazing atheist
Harley Quinn underscore D CR P says if
you could choose one thing to change
about the world what would it be
thank you Armond for the awesome
question I would change humans inability
to have empathy for anything other than
other humans I would give animals more
rights basically I feel like that's the
worst thing about our society nature
animals other beings just who gives a
fuck they just fall to the wayside for
whatever the fuck humans want to do
morality seems to not apply in our
society when it comes to animals I don't
know if I want to elevate the rights of
animals or degrade the rights of humans
I've always wanted to taste human meat
half joke half not joke the Norse girl
love your name by the way asks do you
believe in genetic engineering whether
it's from modifications that can be
programmed into DNA both medically
needed to treat illness or cosmetic or
to the point of cloning do you believe
it just get up to a point like all of it
or not at all and why I'm a strong
believer that we should be putting more
money into eugenics and genetically
modifying things from what I've read the
ethical consideration behind that is
like remember how back in the day they
used to say that smoking was good for
your health and doctors actually peddled
that and then a bunch of people got
cancer
well since something like that is in its
infancy it's hard to tell whether or not
we should actually change our genes and
what effects it will have on us down the
line people are afraid the doctors are
gonna tell us that we should do certain
things to ourselves that we'll regret
but I don't know I feel like that could
happen with anything and I definitely
feel like we should go down the path
the one that can make us immortal did
you know there are jellyfish that are
immortal anytime their cells age they
can replenish their cells back to their
adolescence if we could harness that we
could live forever I think that's really
important research after I've become
immortal I want someone to put in my
genes that I like the taste of blood and
can sustain wholly from it blood
sausages are actually really really high
in protein that iron taste though no Who
am I to talk actually like the taste of
blood allegra julia asks do you believe
everyone should have the right to have
children this is a hard one because I
believe that everyone should have the
right to do anything but then that
sounds kind of like anarchy so if we're
gonna put laws on certain things I
definitely think we should put laws in
place for people that have a certain
minimum income psychological stability
as well before actually deciding to have
children I think it should be more like
China kind of where like they're so
overpopulated that they're putting like
a ban on having too many children we're
over populating the earth and letting
our instincts and our emotions like take
us over rather than actually thinking
logically about our planet how much we
can afford people are having children
just to get on welfare I believe that
this is an issue but it's not the hugest
issue ever so while I believe that
people should be able to pursue
happiness I feel like there is a facet
of that happiness having children that
can hinder other people or hinder our
environment so I'm on the fence about
that one not a hundred percent sure I do
wish the people who shouldn't have kids
wouldn't have kids that's not my choice
to make you know Aris xx hey baby girl
says what do you think should be the
punishment for people who abuse animals
does someone who intentionally makes an
animal suffer deserve the same sentence
as someone who intentionally makes a
human suffer 100 fuckin percent I feel
like that's so obviously not okay to
like just put humans on some kind of
pedestal and just like fuck every other
living thing but then again we still
don't have full gay rights so yeah I
don't have that much hope for society on
that regard this is a good one Steve
Webb 1 2 3 asks if someone's drowning
and you refuse to help are you
responsible for his death by the way
love your vids heart okay sign thanks to
you alright so no I don't believe that I
believe that you're not obligated to do
anything that you don't want to do
you're not obligated to save other
people's lives I know this might sound
like a slippery slope fallacy but like
are you then responsible for all of the
kids in Africa that you didn't send that
$1 to when you saw the infomercial on TV
assuming that dollar actually goes to
them there's a lot of nuance to that
quest
- it's like what if you jumping in there
puts you in danger - and you have like
three kids to feed so isn't it more
important that you protect yourself and
your kids therefore by not jumping in
there and who's gonna make the
distinction between someone who
shouldn't jump in there because their
life is more valuable like who's gonna
persecute you for that I feel like if
you don't jump in to save someone who's
drowning it's perfectly fine for that
person or that person's family it's not
like you and that's like the consequence
just because I believe that you have
free will and you should have free will
doesn't mean that I feel like you're
safe from any consequences that might
arise from wherever you decide to do
with said free will rise in music asks
do you believe were the only living
humanoid species in our universe our
universe is so vast I have no fucking
idea what's out there and I don't even
think the people who study that on a
daily basis can know for certain
also humanoid is kind of like random
like if there are like dogs on Mars or
something I wouldn't be like well that's
not humanoid who cares about that I
would be very interested in that a
Mugwump
asks do you believe in the multiverse
theory and the possibility that there
may be parallel universes I've been
thinking about this for a while since
the universe is continuously expanding
doesn't that significantly increase the
chances of there being duplicates of our
planet somewhere in the entire universe
it's a hard concept to wrap your head
around and confusing to most I'd love to
hear your opinions on it okay so while
this shit is interesting to like think
about while you're high on a day where
you have nothing else to do I feel like
I'm more interested in like the earthly
philosophy in psychology and science
like all those theories are very
interesting to me but my opinion is if
you can't actually find answers to your
questions and there's no real reason to
hypothesize about it that much
especially if it doesn't have anything
to do with your day-to-day life or your
ideologies like if there's an alternate
reality it's how is that gonna really
affect me like I said it's really
interesting to think about but doesn't
actually have any practical application
and I'm definitely not like quantum
physics Barbie I'm not very great at
science although I like it it's not my
field of quote/unquote pseudo expertise
Lakota asks do you believe that we exist
how can it be proven that right now we
exist and we're not just living in a
dream I think therefore I am
no but seriously like I don't really
care about that I feel like I have a
consciousness and I'm enjoying my life
and that's kind of all that matters I
have that hedonistic perspective so if
there's something like if randomly I
realized that I'm like Titus from Final
Fantasy 10 and when the fucking what's
it called to wake up and stop dreaming
I'm gonna stop existing whatever I'm
just gonna enjoy my life while I'm
living the dream right okay if I were
the protagonist
matrix it would be a very very short
movie be Hara to 5 5 8 asks do you
believe in illuminate illumination light
rays and things like that can be
scientifically proven so yes I do
I had to do it I'm sorry J mughal asks
when you die would you rather become a
disembodied entity that resides just on
the outside of the physical world or be
reincarnated as something else would i
be aware that i'm reincarnated i would
rather live in the physical world but
it's the only way i could retain my
consciousness and my previous knowledge
was to be the disembodied thing i would
probably do that but i don't want to be
like in a purgatory like that would suck
so there's nuance to that question and i
have no idea sheri wallace 1 2 3 asks
what do you think about a hunger game
situation happening to the real world
and what do you think the likelihood of
that happening someday is love you love
you too sherry um i don't like the
hunger games premise at all i think it's
ridiculous and wacky and I hate the
movies and I hate fucking Jennifer
Lawrence so yeah I have no actual
opinion on that I feel like the books
are probably a lot better than the
movies but like the idea of people
wearing ridiculous costumes just like
killing off a bunch of poor children
it's like what the fuck sounds like a
story that someone just pulled out of
the Deep Web you know like the whole leg
taking homeless people off the streets
and torturing them for a few people in
the Deep Web kind of show thing that
actually happens and they made it
fantastical and more attractive no
thanks Tasha and Julie's asks opinion on
the death penalty and how it's different
or the same as murder I don't believe
that it's murder unless it's an innocent
man who got convicted of something that
he didn't do which I feel like is very
very sad but also very very rare I wish
our justice system was better but since
it's not there's gonna be casualties and
I feel like that's a reality of the
world that people just can't wrap their
heads around people die all the time
oftentimes it's not their fault
oftentimes it sucks oftentimes they were
too young and honestly in my opinion if
I was gonna face my whole life in jail
or the death sentence I would choose the
death sentence people really have that
strong grip on life that they're just
like I would rather live in Hell than
die that being said people who are on
death row just sit in death row for like
most of their lives anyway some people
even die on death row so I feel like if
they're gonna have the death penalty it
should be expedited you already put them
on death row just fucking get it over
with
also all the people who are innocent of
the crimes but who died from the death
penalty they're not like a hundred
percent innocent 99% of the time it's
like the whole cops being trigger-happy
thing it's not
they're shooting the most upstanding
citizens they're shooting a dude who
still has a knife in his hand who's
still an asshole who still committed
many many crimes in his a long rap sheet
once again 99% of the time so well you
might not be guilty of that crime it's
not like you're a really productive
important member of society I don't know
I just don't view every single life like
oh my god it's so important but I
understand why someone would view their
lives that way even if they aren't
productive helpful or even good people
it's our own instinct to survive it
makes sense
Piper repet asks sorry if I butchered
that what exactly do you think it's okay
and not okay to lie do you think there
are instances in which lying for
personal gain that could hurt someone
else could be acceptable do you think
the world would function well if
everyone had your philosophy in life or
that the world functions better with
disparaging opinions and you're glad
people can advance based on their
different outlooks I actually think it's
great there are a bunch of different
opinions in the world I think it's great
that there are a bunch of people who
agree on some points with me and then
have totally different points on other
subjects I think variety is the spice of
life and I think that variety just
strengthens my own beliefs as I've said
that's why I believe like freedom of
speech is so important because like if
I'm not being challenged if I'm not
being shown to other ways of life and
taking that in then my own position is
not very strong it's like someone being
sheltered their entire lives and told
that you know God exists or something
and they've never had any other opinion
thrown at them imagine how much bigger
their world gets when they go out in the
real world and see there's so many other
different options that's kind of how I
feel about all the other opinions in the
comment section or all the other videos
that I can watch that don't agree with
what I'm saying but on the lying topic I
believe that overall you should be out
for your own interests and the interests
of those that you love you just can't
care about everyone in the world's
interests but my personal morals and
ethics dictate that I try my best not to
hurt anyone else but still I come first
Jay comes first let's go back to the
Kantian philosophy again there was a
problem the crash course brought up the
crash course guy I forget his name where
he was saying there's a problem with
Canty and logic because if someone comes
to your house asking for your brother or
something in order to kill him you can't
lie because you think is lying always
okay and then you go No so lying there
is morally wrong but I have a different
perspective on this I feel like it's
more nuanced you would ask the question
is it always okay for everyone to lie if
they think that they're saving the lives
of someone they love and then the answer
is yes
therefore it's ethically okay to lie now
in your opinion is it okay for everyone
to always lie for personal gain if the
answer
no than according to candy and
philosophy you should never be lying for
personal game and if you do lie for
personal gain you're straying from their
moral code
I believe that Wow I don't feel like I
have any obligation to tell the truth to
anyone that I don't know like I said my
personal morals dictate that I'm not
trying to hurt anyone or do anything
from my own personal gain that would
hurt anyone also it's much easier not to
lie
Jayesh BAE no 4 asks why do you think
sex is still a taboo I think sex is
still a taboo because it's it's wrong
with people that sex sells in the
society people are enjoying sex more
openly but there's still the old
philosophy that sex is dirty wrong
private and the sexual openness of a lot
of society combined with those old views
it's kind of catastrophic in society
right now I also feel like people don't
care enough about aesthetics or believe
that aesthetics can be something that
has any kind of practical application or
moral basis which is kind of funny
because like me working on my own looks
is in my opinion the same as someone
working on their own sculptures or their
own paintings if for some reason I have
a moral low ground and they have a moral
high ground
they are beautiful artists and I'm a
vapid degenerate Clark Sonny 23 asks how
do you know if you love someone he asked
like a hundred other questions but I you
know I've been fucking doing this for
like an hour so we're just gonna answer
that one okay so a lot of people think
that love is some kind of like magical
mystical thing and I want to do a whole
video on this as well so let me know if
you're interested I don't really feel
like true love love at first sight David
Blair I don't believe in any of that
I believe if two people are doing
positive things to each other they have
a sexual attraction and they're on the
same emotional level and enjoy each
other's company plus they have the
seniority of friendship like they've
been friends for a while that's love
just enjoying someone else's company so
much so that you would do things and put
yourself behind their interests because
you care about them a lot
it's just dopamine in our brains when we
see people it's completely
scientifically explainable and lastly
Elfi more 11 asks is it morally right to
kill two strangers to save someone you
love and care about 110 percent yes
that's my opinion
I would kill more than two strangers to
save someone I care about and I feel
like that should be everyone's position
I think it's fine to feel bad that you
took lives but you should feel better
that you protected the innocent life
that you actually personally care about
the one who's impacted your life
positively alright guys hope you enjoyed
this I hope too many of you don't
unsubscribe but if you do that's fine I
would rather be myself and transparent
with you guys
rather than feed you guys full of
bullshit so you like me let me know what
you think on all these topics feel free
to disagree with me as always I am NOT
right this is just what works for me and
what my opinion is my opinion can change
and does change it's a very fluid thing
but usually when I speak about something
I have a pretty solid stance on it
barring any further evidence there's
like a beeping it's like do you guys
hear that anyway I love you guys so much
like the video and subscribe to the
channel if you enjoyed and feel free to
check out the two other videos and/or
playlists or whatever at the end of this
as well as subscribing to my gaming
channel following me on Instagram at
Tara Babcock which is where I take these
fucking questions every month every
month ish and yeah I just have a fucking
wonderful day use your mind think expand
your horizons watch a video today from
someone whose ideologies you a hundred
percent resent if you're against sex
watch some Zoe Berger I don't know if
you're like me and you cannot stand
someone like Laci green watch some Laci
green or Anita sarkeesian it'll just
make your beliefs that much stronger
because the challenging beliefs are just
so bad
alright guys I love you well
