hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Tara's vlog crap shit I don't know how
to intro this so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want so today we're gonna be doing
a Hollister haul honestly what inspired
this video was one of two things this
wonderful comment and the fact that I'm
going to a real wedding for the first
time in my entire life in like two days
and I need your opinion on what dress to
wear so the fact that the guys like to
watch me change the girls like to look
at clothes and you guys like to have
your opinions because everyone has one
just like a nerection that's not how it
goes is it well that's the driving force
behind this video today and if you have
something to say about me in my mid 20s
wearing Hollister and Abercrombie still
fuck you it fits the best feels the best
is the most quality in my opinion and
looks great if I have the time before I
upload this video I'll post links to all
the things that I show you here all the
things that our dresses are gonna be
added to this poll that I'm gonna put in
the description so if you could please
take the poll and help me decide what
fucking clothes to wear to this event oh
my god that would be so helpful so the
event is formal but they're not really
telling people what to wear too much so
as long as I'm wearing something that's
not white that I'm comfortable in that
doesn't look like I'm homeless and that
doesn't show up the bride I should be
good
events like this make me so
uncomfortable like I am NOT a formal
person at all I hate high heels I'm
gonna have to go buy a pair actually for
this occasion only and I just feel
completely out of my element when I have
to dress up this is the first dress I'm
gonna put these on and as I put these on
I'm going to show you a little bit I
don't have an area where I can show you
full body so hopefully this works out I
will also be putting a picture of the
dress and how it's supposed to look
full-length on the screen as I'm talking
about each particular dress again pulled
in the description I need you guys's
help and I'm wearing a lot of extra
makeup today because you know I'm still
trying to make eye shadow work for me
but it still doesn't it's like I just
don't know how to blend or something I
don't know
anyway let's show you the first dress
so this is a pretty little mid-length
sweater dress I really like to dress I'm
definitely gonna keep it I'm not gonna
be returning it by the way we're gonna
have a yes and a return pile I don't
often return things unless they're too
big or they fit but they fit weird
because if it's too small or it fits
well I'm planning on losing weight
anyway and if it fits why would I return
it but I don't know I feel about it for
the wedding I feel like it is very fall
or winter but I don't really like how I
look in it right now because it is like
a sweater and a sweater makes you look a
little bit bulkier I just feel like it
doesn't show off my curves enough let's
move on to the next one
there's also gonna be some fun things in
here things like this holiday onesy
ooh this obviously is not gonna be on
the straw poll about what I should wear
but it's gonna be sexy to try on
nonetheless one moment hey my eyeshadow
matches my bra
who'da thunk did not do that on purpose
this is officially my new favorite thing
oh my god it's so cozy ah look at this
oh if it's so good if it's like a dream
I just want to end the video right here
continue to wear this and just ignore
everything else and be like yeah one
dress oh it's so good let's not waste
any time wearing this thing because it's
too good oh it's next thing okay so I
got two of these bodysuits these
bodysuits are actually supposed to sit
like this and anytime there's something
off the shoulder it never fits me well
because it always rides up because you
know you're trying to keep it on the big
part it's riding up to the small part
kind of thing probably something you've
never thought of if you're a guy but
since this is attached together at the
crotch it can't ride up so this is
probably gonna fit me really well and if
I want to wear this to the wedding I can
I can just put like a little skirt over
it it's gonna look really good I'm a
hundred percent sure it's gonna look
good let's go put it on oh this is
actually really nice really chic but
it's really hard to button so hard that
I kind of gave up because I was like
down there like oh just fuckin button
it's not as stretchy as I thought it
would be so even though it fits me I
can't stretch the two things together in
between my crotch and just clip it
easily I don't know if that's a
deal-breaker for the wedding I don't
know what kind of skirt I could wear on
top of it but it feels nice knowing that
it's not going to ride up because it's
gonna be clipped in between my tits tits
in between my legs
God Tara get your mind out of the gutter
not everything is about tits or is it oh
no I really don't feel like putting this
one on this is the same thing but in the
blue color so I'm just gonna hold it
like this and show you guys and put it
on the straw pull and if you guys like
it better than the pink one it can win
whatever I like that the arms are
see-through you guys can see that it's
pretty cool I would have to not wear a
bra with it probably I might actually
make it easier to put on to be honest
okay next I've got this lovely little
long-sleeve dress it's got a weird neck
collar thing and then like an open
window so you can see the boobs I have
this in two colors as well I'm gonna go
put this one on and I can wear this to
the event so it will be on the straw
poll by the way you guys are gonna have
to tell me which one's your favorite
regardless of which one you think I
should wear to the wedding cuz I love
hearing what you guys think
alright this one's kind of cool I know
you guys are looking at me probably
thinking like this is way not fancy
enough for a wedding but to be
completely honest this is as fancy as it
gets for me I don't usually buy dresses
like this I think it actually looks kind
of good what do you guys think it's
cotton spandex II so it hugs my body
right it's thin so it's not going to be
too warm or too bulky it's
lengthen it Flair's let me show you the
rest what do you guys think let's put on
the other color this is the other color
it's like a floral pattern with a black
background I don't know this might look
better on me but there's only one way to
find out right ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba but uh ba ba ba but up I've been
playing way too much Final Fantasy 15
wow I think I like this one even more
like if this was the only one I bought I
would be perfectly fine going to the
wedding in this dress it feels more
formal because it has the floral pattern
I could totally see myself wearing like
black nylons and then like some pink
faux suede pointy toed pumps I don't
know I'm kind of good at styling and
fashion type stuff but I feel like I'm
really bad at it for myself what do you
guys think about this one
okay so so far everything that I've
shown off here is a yes in the yes pile
I won't be returning it I don't know I
kind of like this one I can't stop
looking in the viewfinder and thinking
that it looks halfway decent
I think it's slimming I think it's
eye-catching but not too much seems a
little formal seems kind of wintery I
could put my black leather jacket on top
of it what do we have next
all right I have no idea if I'm gonna
fit into this one this one's kind of
weird it doesn't look very stretchy and
with my boobs and my body and how
curvaceous I am not stretchy is rarely
good but I thought I would try something
extremely different
let's go ahead and test it okay so you
guys have to tell me what you think
about this but it almost immediately
went into the no pile the return pile
because it was really hard to get over
my boobs one thing I don't like about it
is this arm thing even though it's cool
it makes my arms look really fat I don't
know if you can tell here but in the
mirror in the bathroom it just doesn't
look good
also it's like a straight down dress not
like a bambam dress so it kind of makes
me look just blocky which is not really
good on my body type I think it's
completely fine public service
announcement for all girls I think it's
completely fine for a dress to look
amazing on a model or amazing on one of
your friends but just look bad on your
body type like I don't feel any worse
about myself because I don't like the
way this dress looks on me the only
thing that I'm sad about is the fact
that it really matches my hair like
really well I'm actually wishing that I
got another dress in this color because
it looks so good with this hair but let
me just show you
honestly you guys can be the judge
because I'm not really really against it
and I feel like there will be a time in
my weight-loss journey where I like this
dress but I don't go to functions that
require me to wear a dress like this
much anyway
and I just feel like I might as well get
the money back right if I don't like the
way that it looks on me but if you do
let me know I really just feel like I
feel like a straight down square like it
doesn't flatter me you know I think the
fact that there's like a panel here that
shows cleavage but doesn't I think all
of that's cool it's just weird on my
body type I don't know and it's really
hard to get on and off let me tell you
because of the titties and the fact that
it doesn't stretch at all maybe I'll put
a second straw pole down there that says
should I return the orange dress I
really really really really really do
want your input on this shit all right
so the next thing we have is this cute
like a little sequined dress thing
that's supposed to be shorter than the
other dresses and I can wear like a mini
cardigan over it or something to be a
little more modest if it fits I don't
know it's not that stretchy because it
has sequins so we'll go see how it looks
on me be right back
gonna take this off here to show you the
pain Oh oh my god there's like a second
portion of this thing that's like really
tight on the titties oh my god
okay I take back what I said about this
not being stretchy it actually has a
full panel in the back of like scrunchie
things that unscrew and can be like
tightened and loosened so it is really
stretchy and it fits pretty good I would
say that it's a little bit loose right
here under the boob so it doesn't show
off my curves as much today this is my
friend's wedding and not my time to show
off my curves right let me know what you
think this is yes but I don't know if
I'll wear it to the wedding
how do my lips in my eyes match
everything that I bought so perfectly it
must be subliminal I must have known
that most of this stuff is purple
it just never registered with me when I
was doing my makeup today alright guys
straw poll should this be the one this
plus a tiny blue cardigan or a tiny pink
cardigan I don't know which I would wear
depending on the makeup I do that day
okay so this is just a top but I really
like it it's got like this
crushed-velvet pattern here and then
it's like kind of wavy down in the
midsection and stuff and then I can wear
like some black jeans or something with
it and high heels and I think that would
be formal enough still I'm not quite
sure so I'll put it on the list but I'll
defer to whatever you guys choose
because I have no idea I don't go to
weddings I don't go to big events I
don't go out clubbing
I don't do formal some random guy in the
comment section probably knows better
than I do because he's been to more
clubs and seeing how more women act
spend more weddings probably two all
right let's try this on ooh I like this
one a lot I probably should have gotten
a smaller and extra small because it's
like really baggy on me and I would want
to wear it like with no bra I'm just not
really supposed to go braless right now
so I'm hoping there's a little bit of
support there but I don't know I like
this a lot and I'm gonna pair it with
for the sake of this video a pair of
these workout leggings I love these
workout leggings from Abercrombie so I
decided to get a few from Hollister and
see if I like them just as much and we
will pretend that these are black jeans
okay for the sake of this conversation
be right back these leggings are
actually cool because they have these
little see-through panels on the sides I
don't know if I can show you maybe I'll
go get blood see the panels they're so
cool but yeah I don't know this is very
Christmassy so I'll put it in the list
but I don't think it's gonna win I feel
awkward going in pants even if the pants
are more formal and I wear high heels
with them just because this seems more
like a dress event this is actually
probably too big like it's just so open
and big you know what I'm saying alright
really quick we're gonna put on another
pair of leggings see what it looks like
cuz that's another thing I bought I love
these workout leggings so good okay
here's the new leggings
something cool about these leggings I
totally forgot their stirrup leggings
let me show you so cute oh these are
really comfy I feel like I'm gonna wear
them for the rest of the video
underneath all these dresses alright we
have one more dress this is a fully
velvet blue green dress kind of awesome
in the back it has this little X pattern
so my back will be showing this will
cover the bra straps and in the front is
very very very provocative so let's go
see what it looks like I feel like this
is the only one that could actually
rival the floral pink and black one then
I put on earlier watch it suck be right
back I knew I would like this one I
don't know though if it's too dark is it
too dark I feel like it's almost
entirely black in some lights is black
not okay to wear to a wedding even if
I'm not like golfing it up and wearing
like a veil like oh my condolences for
your loss I don't know what I'm doing
here what is the etiquette I go through
my entire life not giving a shit about
etiquettes I'm just doing whatever the
fuck I want but I want to have a little
bit of etiquette training for my friends
fucking wedding I need to take it from
the Internet's not only from the
Internet's but from the youtube comment
section Oh what is faux pas what is not
I have no idea let's look at this dress
I feel like my back actually looks
really nice in this dress and if I wear
a smaller bra it won't be showing
obviously this is like a almost a
bustier bra it's like a mini bustier
goes off the shoulder a little bit which
I kind of like just feels very elegant I
wish I had gotten it in like a cream
with like pink flowers or something and
then it wouldn't look so golfing I don't
know I'll do my best to describe all of
these dresses on the strawpoll strawpoll
doesn't allow for pictures for each
option so that's all I can do I'm done
with the dresses but I do have one more
thing another onesie
oh I'm so excited I know this is gonna
be my favorite one cuz it's like darker
I really appreciate you guys watching me
just try on clothes oh yeah BRB dude I
cannot get a fucking enough of these
goddamn onesies oh I'm gonna go online
and see if there are any others with
different colors and stuff cuz these fit
so goddamn well oh my god it makes my
body looks so good it's like oh oh so
good
check this out
mini fanservice there for you guys but
holy shit dude I just love these are so
comfortable they're so oh my god I just
I can't get enough it's so good thank
you guys for watching tell me what your
favorite piece was even if you're not
talking about for the wedding what did
you like the best on my body looks wise
hopefully all the links will be in the
description if not it's all up on
holster right now I got most of the
stuff for Black Friday so it hasn't been
that long since I bought the stuff if
you are interested in buying any of it
for your girlfriend or yourself
not at all sponsored don't care if you
do doesn't help me in the slightest
other than we can be like onesie buddies
oh I don't know take the poles help me
out with what I'm gonna wear for the
wedding post comments I love hearing
from you guys and let me know if you
want me to do more of these Tryon halls
once I move I will be able to make them
full body and everything will be great
like everyone else does I literally have
the tiniest apartment right now with far
too much stuff I have so many
collectibles and clothes and everything
I just oh my god it's crazy I cannot
wait to pay less for a house that I own
for far more space in a city that
probably respects and understands my
lifestyle more that never sleeps I'm
pretty hyped about it especially with my
aweful upstairs neighbors now yeah I
love you guys thank you so much for
watching check out the other two videos
that are suggested in the end screen
this way but otherwise I really
appreciate you taking the time to watch
me change and give me advice on
something I should already know
everything about also let me know what
you think of the heavier eye makeup look
honestly not like I like natural better
but like actually how does it look 1 1 1
1 blah I could not give you enough
kisses bye
