hello beauties cuties and those with big
booties what an awesome intro so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want I have something
special for you guys I'm going to be
showing off all of the winter merch all
of the hoodies sweaters and things like
that at the same time I'm going to be
giving away some of my merch so if you
guys want to check that out link will be
in the description as always I use gleam
so you just like go to my Twitter and
then you get an entry go to my Instagram
you get an entry you got Jay's Instagram
you get an entry I don't know all right
so these are all of my new merch pieces
for men and women and I'll have J as my
male model for this shoot shoot video
shoot so professional anyway I just want
to show you guys all the hoodies and
stuff and the quality so you guys can
see up close and personal I'm also you
know doing the giveaway so why not I
want you guys to be comfortable in my
merch and I really enjoy you know
changing in front of you guys like why
not so this is the first thing it's like
an off-the-shoulder
sweater very fucking cute I love it so
much this is one of the few sweaters
that's actually thick I kind of like
thinner more form-fitting sweaters
usually so I decided to make a couple of
those as well as a couple of these this
one in the red one in the men's size
they're the thick ones the rest are kind
of like meant to be under your jacket or
if you're in a place that's not as cold
you can layer it and it'll fit on your
totally muscular and curvaceous bod oh
yeah if you guys didn't watch my last
merch video where I totally gushed about
how much effort I put into these designs
and the fact that all of the pieces that
I'm putting the designs on are like of
the highest quality I didn't want none
of that like fucking 100% cotton t-shirt
that doesn't fit anyone's bodies in like
one color I put a lot of effort and love
into this is basically what I'm saying
so I want you guys to have the best
quality stuff with the cutest designs
that don't show me off too much I'm not
that narcissistic I just want cute
little gamer gear for you guys yeah let
me show you this first one
cut to Vlad
all right in an effort to keep what just
fell all right in an effort to keep this
pretty short we're just gonna do all the
pieces like this of course these aren't
a hundred percent of the pieces they
actually forgot to send me a few so if
you guys want to check out the full
catalogue of all of my merch link will
also be in the description right
underneath the giveaway link if you guys
want to pick up something and as always
all of my merch minimum of 25 percent
goes to my favorite animal based charity
I now like to do local shelters more
than I like to do HSUS or ASPCA because
after I went with my mom to adopt snowy
and Panda I really saw that the local
shelters do need as much help as I can
get I wish I could actually like
volunteer there I just love animals so
yeah charity snazzy style sizes up to
two XL and my eternal gratitude going
into every garment
let's change alright so the next item we
have is this one here it's a rage hoodie
you kind of thin it's like the thinness
of a t-shirt but it's like doubled over
so twice as thick as a t-shirt but still
t-shirt material and I think it's gonna
look pretty hot on me so let's find out
oh my god I love it if you guys haven't
seen this design before it says rage and
then it says raging as healthy let it
out the background is like a retro
Nintendo controller kind of but it's
made up of a bunch of cuss words bitch
shit fuck it's awesome I really like
this it's really really comfortable let
me put the hood up what do you guys
think I fucking love it let's switch to
blad
alright enough of that all of J modeling
the ones that I got here will be at the
end of the video so if you want to see
how the men's sizes fit on someone who
is about six foot 200 pounds pretty low
body fat
stay tuned might be able to ascertain
what your size will be based on how he
looks in it
cool cool let's move on today's students
next thing we have is the heartbreaker
version of the exact same thing that I
just showed you in black
I think blonds look good in black so I
think we're gonna like this one oh my
god yes this is my favorite one so far
how fucking cute is this I can't get
over it and if you ladies are wondering
what size to get I am 5 foot 4 about 140
pounds right now but I'm very bottom
heavy so I would say if you're around
115 to 130 pounds and you have a small
upper body like me definitely go with a
small most of the stuff that I put my
designs on are really stretchy so you
can get it size to smaller size too big
doesn't really matter
this fits like a fucking dream dude Vlad
fucking awesome let's move on right
right we should move on oh my god
there's some really cute shit you'll see
alright this might be my favorite this
might be my favorite it has these neon
yellow contrast thingies and it's hot
pink which is my favorite color so let's
just go ahead and put it on before i
have a free orgasm like i'm gona pre-cum
a little bit I do girls even pre-cum no
they don't they just like I think they
drip yes
hot pink just like your mama's pussy
mm-hmm oh my god this is so cute I am in
love my favorite every single
consecutive one just becomes my favorite
its oh my god look at this so comfy
let's flat it up oh so so fucking epic
oh my god
yes sir pipi long penis next how fucking
cute is the shirt how fucking cute it's
like camo
rage sweater thing it's kind of a thin
sweater it's also in size small supposed
to be like a really relaxed fit like a
comfortable fit I might actually just
like cut this down and make this like a
cleavage shirt oh it's so cute let's put
it on wow this is actually like
extremely comfortable and it has these
really cute slits let me show you
so cosy Vlad so look at this
haha
everything's falling you guys everything
all right and last but not least for the
female stuff I think there's one or two
things that I don't have here you can
check out on the site you want one of
the tank tops or whatever it's not
winter and you're the winner or one of
the winners I don't know if I'm gonna
make it like five winners or what you
can have whatever you want the choice is
up to you just use a valid email address
when you sign up I can't wait to give
you guys some of the stuff let me just
show you the very last one it's so cute
how fucking cute is this and it's like a
short sweater and this comes in men's
too once again if you want to see the
men's stuff it'll be at the end of the
video as a montage Vlad's gonna hit up J
for some pics oh my god this is so cute
it fits perfectly look look at that not
too short not too long not too baggy not
too tight just perfect I love it oh my
god I can't get enough way better than I
thought they would be which is
ridiculous because I have high hopes for
these things like any time I don't like
one of the garments or something I'm
like god damnit scrim gear fix that shit
my viewers is are better I love you guys
glad
well it's getting fucking hot in here
and I just did my tan and I'm wearing a
white sweater not a good combination all
right guys that's it for the girl
portion
hey little Vladdy you want to take it
away and show these guys some of the
male versions of this clothing yes yes I
do I also have a 20 foot penis all right
Vlad
alright guys I just want to let you know
that I fucking love you whether you sign
up for the giveaways buy some merch or
not I don't care I just really
appreciate you watching this silly
little advertisement and if you really
did enjoy watching it for whatever
reason like the video subscribe to the
channel sign up for the giveaway it's
fucking free and I really need to lay
off the caffeine I've had like three
drinks with caffeine in them today
caffeine is a drug it is a stimulant it
does have the possibility of
psychological and physiological
dependency with withdrawal symptoms oh
so tired so now I want to do is play
fucking Final Fantasy and look cute and
things nor I'm saying anyway I love you
guys so much thanks for watching over
you like the video subscribe to the
channel check out the two fucking links
are the fucking videos and the end
screen and up in the top right you can
see all the cards you click that down
you can look at my first video with the
first set of merch if you want to see
that also I just fucking love you so
much and I'll see you in the next video
hashtag Tara Babcock merch on all social
networks grimbeard comm slashed hair
Babcock I have a Vulcan design coming
soon stay tuned logic and reason live
long and take a dick
