hi nice
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want holy
shit I'm not sure if that's for dental
work or fur giving a blowjob supposedly
it's for making your face less fat it's
a very Asian product very Asian say
hello to my giant Donkey Kong today
we're going to be talking about why I
think it's unhealthy and as you can tell
I just got done unboxing things for F
and M this week I'm going to talk about
why I feel like it's unhealthy to have
idols and before you guys go into a
tizzy and go like idols are awesome and
healthy and there's nothing wrong with
it and you're being a ho bitch I'm
talking about idols i define idols as
people you put up on a pedestal not
people that you derive inspiration from
I feel like it's great that there exists
a competition in the world for certain
like jobs and certain things so that you
can you know improve yourself I feel
like it's the most important thing in
the world to have competition to have
you know alternative views out there for
you to consume so that you can make your
own views you know I always have this
opinion that if you stifle anyone elses
creativity or you stifle anyone else's
freedom of speech you're just making
you're silencing the opposition and
therefore weakening your own position
because you have less you know ideas
from other people circling around it's
basically just like only living with one
ideology for your entire life never
being challenged you're not going to
have all the knowledge that you could
have obtained if you listened to
everything else even if all of the other
ideas in the world are stupid you can
now know that yours is the smartest
because you've partaken in other
people's ideologies and you've compared
them to your own and that just
strengthens your own ideas basically so
I think it's important in the same way
for you to have competition for you to
have other people that you can gain
knowledge from this uncomfortable gained
knowledge from or just basically gain
inspiration from like I gained
inspiration from tons of people I love
looking at the beautiful form of a woman
and I gained aesthetic inspiration from
others I don't know
think that society even shapes what I
want to look like and I know there's
like a hot spot here it's because my
light today is red and I decided to make
a red light so I'm not like sunburnt or
anything like it looks here I'll even
move to show you seem quite normal
it's just the lighting coming from up
there maybe I'll even change it because
I don't want everyone like cause I'm
going in and like missing the point
because they can't stand it okay that's
better when I have a white hot spot
people can say that I forgot to tan half
my face oh my god anyway so basically
what I was saying is that I don't know I
feel like so many people have idols
people that they put up on a pedestal
they see people as better than human who
just are really good at you know music
or like you have no they have nothing
you know like Kim Kardashian people are
like Oh Kim Kardashian Kylie Jenner
fucking kendall Jenner or whatever the
fuck like oh my gold I personally think
that Kylie is fucking gorgeous I'm not a
huge fan of like the big ass look but
she's got like a really good body
otherwise in a really pretty face now
that she's gotten plastic surgery and
stuff like she wasn't too cute when she
was younger or whatever in my opinion
but I think she looks fucking gorgeous I
love looking at her pictures but she's
just another girl and I feel like a lot
of people allow celebrities to be
extremely rude like I watched a story
time video I don't remember who by but
it was some woman who went to a Kylie
Jenner party she had to pay a couple
hundred dollars to go to the VIP section
to meet Kylie Jenner and Kylie Jenner
came into the VIP section if I find the
video I posted in the description I
might not be able to find it because I
don't remember the girl's name at all
but I was just watching it cuz it
sounded interesting and the girl
basically or Kylie Jenner basically just
like snubbed off all of her fans ignored
them the entire night and then when she
went to take a picture with one of the
girls friends or something she like
didn't even look her in the eyes like -
did the snapchat like being fake-nice
and threw the phone back at her and like
that kind of behavior is so sobering
when you think about the fact that this
bitch is just another woman she's just
another person she's not any more
special she just happens to be born into
this family that you know happened to
ascend to stardom and she's no different
than anyone else in the fact that she's
acting like that is really like
unacceptable in my opinion I feel like a
lot of people are fine with the
may the justin beiber treatise fans or
the way you know celebrities treat you
know their fans because there's like
well there's celebrity as they've gained
that right what have they done to get
that right i mean maybe they're really
good at acting or maybe they're really
good at singing but i really did a lot
of things to why that doesn't mean that
i can be mean to other people because of
it that doesn't mean that i can demand
other than from rubber tongue because
he's my personal slave and it's a
consensual thing i can't demand people
be subservient to me subservient it's
hard to say now that my lips are all dry
from all of these fucking ball gags i've
been using i don't demand that people
are subservient to me just because I
happen to be better-looking than some
people or I happen to be better at
gaming or my channel happens to be more
viewed or oh my god I have 250,000
subscribers bow down to me I'm just
another fucking human being and the fact
that I act like it I feel like that's
the reason why a lot of people do enjoy
my videos and a lot of people like I
feel like I have a more loyal viewer
base than a lot of people do because I
don't try to separate myself from others
I want to make a video soon and it's not
going to be in this video because I want
to actually make a full video about it
but I want to talk about the the fan
friend divide and basically what I mean
by that is how people act like would you
ever fuck a fan as if a fan is not just
another person you know like it's like
oh you're on a different social class
than me because you're considered the
fan and I'm considered the content
creator I'm considered the celebrity oh
my god and why people should or
shouldn't fuck their fans the dichotomy
between the two social hierarchies and
shit like I want to talk about that
because I feel like it's important if
you guys remember the Toby Turner
scandal or whatever and how I was a
little bit involved in that and how Phil
DeFranco and a bunch of other people
were talking about how you shouldn't
fuck your fans I want to talk about my
opinions on that and I also want to talk
about how it can hurt you to act like
that to act like you're a fan I don't
know like I have no shame and going up
to someone and saying I'm a fan of you
even if I feel like I'm on the same
level as them like let's say I go up to
I don't know who's like a who's a
youtuber who is kind of like on my level
of subscribers okay like I go to a
Stephane qey stuff stuff ancas how you
say your name right she's Stephanie
something I consider her kind of a
friend now even though I made fun of her
you know doing the the whole clickbait
thing or whatever I I think she's really
cool and she's that she's at a similar
level to me on YouTube I could go up to
reveal I'm a fan of your work and I have
no qualms with doing that because to me
that just means I enjoy that your public
identity and what you the content that
you're creating and I appreciate it and
it's fun and I like to watch it a lot of
people act like I don't watch your
content trying to say like we're on the
same level but I don't feel like
admitting that you're a fan of someone's
work is admitting that you're on a
different social level and I think it's
ridiculous that a lot of people act like
it is or like the idea of me fucking a
fan oh that's ludicrous like what of
course I would fuck a fan if they're hot
it doesn't you know make them any more
or less I guess if anything it makes it
more likely that I'll fuck them because
they enjoy the thing that I'm putting my
fucking heart and soul into you know
what I'm saying like thank you for
supporting my concept that you know now
I want to fuck you slightly more than
before right like I don't really
understand why I would be like oh now
you're a fan but this is this is this is
content for a different video I'm sorry
I feel like when people put other humans
on a pedestal and say they're their
idols or whatever like I won't I would
do anything to be like them there are a
few there are a few issues with that the
first issue is these people act like
they're not human like this other person
isn't human it's like they're godlike or
something and therefore they don't see
any of their flaws they don't see any of
the mean things that they do they're
fans but more importantly they see their
lives as this amazing beautiful shiny
perfect thing and therefore they become
depressed about their own lives because
they wish they could have that person's
life the grass is always greener on the
other side when in reality I feel like a
lot of famous people a lot of rich
people have just as many if not more
problems in the middle class because of
like their drug addictions and the
pressures that they have about like
being perfect and it hurts you know the
celebrity is and the famous people and
the rich people just as much as it hurts
the fans it's just like it's an illusion
you know like that person just has
problems like you do it may not be
monetary problems but a lot of people
who are famous and rich they just
squander their money away anyway and
become fucking poor
again so it could even be financial
problems you are a human just like them
similar problems just in a different
vein and there's no reason to say like
oh my god I wish I could be this person
because there's no possible way you can
know how perfect or how unperfect this
person's life is imperfect I guess
without actually being a part of it and
even if you're a part of it even if
you're like a publicist or a friend you
can't possibly know unless you're that
person so to assume that that person has
an extraordinary life and hate on your
life because of it is just it's
illogical it's it's emotionally
distressing and it's hurtful to your
psyche I just I don't agree with it I
don't feel like you should ever look in
an Instagram page and see all of these
girls like I think there's nothing
harmful in my opinion with a girl
posting a perfect photoshopped amazing
picture I see that as a work of art
that's how she wants to portray herself
but any person with a shred of common
sense knows that you don't always look
perfect all the time you don't always
you know take the most perfect picture
in the perfect lighting with this
fucking like filter that makes your skin
look like cream all of that stuff is
just it's art and stop looking at it
like oh I'm so imperfect because this
person's Instagram picture looks perfect
like come on have common sense have some
you know self-love to know that you're
not that much lower you're no different
than anyone else really you know it's
just like the makeup they use or the
money that they've spent on looks or the
you know app that they download it onto
their phone to make their skin look
creamy they they cry they have issues
they're stressed about things and to
compare yourself to someone else is only
to let yourself down and that's how I
feel it is and I feel a lot of people
will do things is there like a fucking
bug on my arm okay no it's on the lens
there's like a little black dot like a
tiny mica scrub microscopic blacked-out
on the viewfinder and I thought it was
actually on my arm I'm like holy shit
but anyway I don't know I feel like if
you see someone for more than they are
you end up seeing yourself for less than
you are and you don't have a handle on
reality if you think that you know
celebrities are like godlike or meant to
be worshipped like I worship some
people's skill at the guitar but I've
metal
enough famous people and enough talented
people to know that sometimes the talent
stops there and it's very shocking
especially when you're into like metal
like math metal and power metal and like
things like oh hey Dragon Force the
Dragon Force fucking and guitarist that
asian guy to imagine him being anything
less than a spiritual god of godliness
with the most intelligent fingers and
the brain of a you know fucking pinky in
the brain brain like a brain brain brain
because of how fucking amazingly
talented he is and how quickly he can
play the guitar riffs and stuff really
that that's all it is it's just him
being good at something because he
practiced you can do the exact same
thing he's no better than you other than
the fact that he is invested the time
and he might have had a little bit more
natural talent or musical talent than
you have anyone can do that in the fact
I feel like there are so few people who
are reaching self-actualization who are
actually getting really good at the
things there they have hobbies ever
getting you know improving themselves to
the point where they're just like I am
the best me that I can be because they
put that barrier there and they go like
oh this person is famous and rich and
amazing
he must be perfect and godlike there's
no way I could do that there's
definitely a way you can do that you can
fucking do anything you set your mind to
and if you can't do it you can do
something else that's just as amazing if
you apply yourself and stop sitting
around like people who are better than
you is something that you like like
music or something or just being rich
and famous for being rich and famous
like putting out a sex tape all that
stuff is it's just one fact about a
person it's not who they actually are it
doesn't set them apart from you and a
lot of people will sit around dreaming
of these lives and thinking that there's
something like they don't have that X
Factor or they don't have below Allah
they don't have the talents or whatever
I don't even like using the word talent
because I feel like natural talent is so
subjective and it might not even be a
fucking thing you know like you might be
just slightly better from the get-go but
I feel like anyone can get to that level
you know with most things most things
are doable if you put your mind to it
and so many people just spend their
times fawning over a life that they can
never have
rather than going out and reaching and
getting that life and it makes you
depressed it makes you you lack common
sense and logic you look at these people
as something better than you are and
therefore you allow them to treat you
and other fans like shit while still
supporting them I really feel like it's
more important for you to see yourself
on the level of your idols or whatever
and squash the term idol rather than you
know just being like damn I could never
get there it's selling yourself short
basically I feel like I've exhausted all
of my ideas on the topic I don't know if
I've articulated them well but I feel
like you probably get the gist of what I
think it's been like 14 minutes so I
should probably go I hope you enjoyed
this video like the video and subscribe
if you did please check out my gaming
channel youtube.com slash Terry Babcock
games my Instagram where I'm going to
post a bunch of pictures of me wearing
these ridiculous fucking ball gags and
shit and yeah I really just appreciate
you guys listening to me ramble because
my ideas are there and I'm working more
on being able to talk non-stop and to be
fluid with my thoughts and to not go
off-topic unless it's actually going to
be really entertaining for the video to
do so and I just I want to sound like
Ignace from final fantasy 15 man it
would be so wonderful if I had the
eloquence and the vocabulary when I
speak that he has oh my god I would just
orgasm every time I spoke you'd be like
oh my god I'm Stu tell Brittish now
designed so intelligence I have the
proper accents you when speaking English
I fucking love you guys I will see you
guys whenever the fuck I post another
video let me know your thoughts on this
topic and if you guys didn't watch my
last FM there's actually like this
really cool feature on YouTube now where
I personally can like like with a little
heart it's really cute in my um I got
activated my chin trap card ah um it's
really cool like a I can like a comment
and then you guys can see that Tara
personally liked it so you can fangirl
over me because I should be your idol oh
yes but no basically it just says that I
read your comment I enjoyed it and I'm
not just one of the thumbs ups like you
can see that the broadcaster actually
liked the comment I can also
in comments now so if I want to ask you
guys a question in the comments I can
pin that or one of you guys write a
really really amazing comment I can pin
that up to the top as like the main
comment that everyone should look at and
I think that's really cool it gives more
diversity and more community to YouTube
and so I appreciate that let's take a
fucking selfie with the the ball guy go
you al
