skyrockets in flight F&M delight action
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new episode of Friday night
virginity you're mixing up the gaming
channel with the vlog channel so good
it's like one channel to me all right
today we've got some questions we got a
fucking fuck ton ass bitch ass
motherfucker on of boxes so we're gonna
make this kind of brief while also
giving you guys's questions the
attention they deserve the first
question today also hi guys welcome can
you fucking not be retarded okay it's
from Raven winter who's fucking awesome
shows makes me happy with the comments I
really appreciate them baby girl she
says a question my question is do you
have any advice for being less emotional
there's something on my lip I have a
cyst in my brain and it often challenges
my happy moods down downward-facing
thumb thumbs down dude that sucks I feel
so bad for you I often felt like I had
some kind of brain tumor or something
because I'm so different from other
people and I don't really have the same
kinds of like emotional urges that a lot
of other people have so I feel like
maybe I'm in your boat as well but
oppositely or something
depression chemical imbalances these are
all huge detractors from a happy mood
you might have like the best life in the
world but if you have that cyst in your
brain or if you have that chemical
imbalance that lack of dopamine reuptake
or whatever the problem is that makes
you depressed you can't help it but
there are some ways that you can make
yourself happier when you're sad I
randomly get these like feelings of like
I'm sad but why
and I'm actually usually able to
counteract them pretty well so some of
the things that I do include taking a
nap usually when I'm in a bad mood I
don't know why I take a nap then I wake
up completely refreshed and it's
completely gone sometimes you're just
having a bad day or you're fatigued or
something I don't know another
interesting thing is music do you guys
know that music can elicit the same
dopamine response as like crack cocaine
and heroin and stuff try listening to
your favorite music don't listen to
music that makes you sad listen to music
that pumps you up and makes you happy
sometimes you can't completely
counteract a sad mood but think
logically is there really a reason for
me to be sad right now if there's a
reason like let's say I got in a car
accident and now I have to pay for my
car to get fixed
just a random shitty thing in the day
first of all think don't let it ruin
your mood it happened it's over dwelling
on it isn't gonna change anything just
try to think positively the car will be
fixed in a few days and I get to try out
a cool new rental car and then I'll
appreciate my car all the more when I
get it back or my car had that dent
anyway and now it's gonna be completely
fixed or hey a reason to force myself to
buy a new car when I can't afford it
there are always little kernels of
positivity hidden in the negative you
just have to find them and focus on them
rather than the bad which is what a lot
of people naturally do like oh my god
negative negative negative and then they
don't see how lucky they actually are
probably why days like Thanksgiving or
so necessary to remember what you're
thankful for when you should be thankful
all the time this is also a good way to
get over your insecurities I want to
make a whole video on this but basically
when you look in the mirror and you're
focusing on all these things you don't
like about yourself that's your
perspective that's you being too hard on
yourself instead see these things is
something that makes you unique or try
to identify all the good things about
yourself that's like step 1 realizing
that it's illogical and unhealthy to be
focusing on something superficial like
looks to the point where it ruins your
day plastic surgery will not help you
you need to work on within all right I
hope that answers your question next
question we have is black plays says hey
Tara what is a video game you have the
most memorable / best memories of and
what is said memory okay so gaming has
been a huge part of my life for my
entire life so it's kind of hard to
pinpoint which ones gave me the best
memories when I think back on my life
there are a few games that like I really
have this nostalgic beautiful glow
around one of those games in the more
recent past one that I played with J is
heavy rain I was really really sick when
I played heavy rain so I couldn't do
anything else and we were just laying on
the couch all day and I was trying to
convalesce and while I was doing so it
was raining outside and it was really
what people would call dreary but living
in Seattle my entire life I feel like I
probably just have an affinity for cold
rainy weather because it was so
beautiful to me and having that parallel
between the rainy weather outside and
heavy rain and actually getting the
platinum trophy in that game I played it
like three or four times every single
scenario it was really memorable to me
just like chilling on the couch all the
lights off in the house great story and
those memories are pretty much what
makes it one of my favorite games ever
going further back some of the games I
have really really good memories of our
worms
I think Armageddon
I'm not sure which worms with worms my
friend Chris and I who have talked about
many times he also has a YouTube channel
I'll post that in the description so you
guys can check him out we would play
worms a lot and we would name them after
all of our friends and stuff and then we
would go outside and throw water
balloons at each other and pretend that
we're worms and go like mists and stuff
like that with the high pitched voices
it was really cute and was really fun
another game I played with Chris that I
have great memories of is fucking
monster rancher with monster and sure we
would put in all the distance around the
house like all of my CDs like my
disturber CDs or over the fuck we would
put him in to see what kind of monsters
are generated in the shrine and we would
be so sad if one of our monsters went
missing or got hurt in battle oh my god
I love them all stretcher series and I
would call them sue Zoe's instead of
sway Zoe's still to this day when I'm
playing Final Fantasy games the things
that look like sways O's I call them
sways O's and finally the game that had
all of the boys coming over to my house
when I was younger Mario Party I think
it was - back then we would switch
controllers we were just at their play
laughs I would get so competitive trying
to beat everyone in the mini-games and I
would get so salty when I wasn't like
first call people cheaters those kinds
of memories are the things that
solidified the fact that you know gaming
is just amazing doesn't matter how bad I
felt or anything all that mattered was
that my favorite game would generate new
happy memories hope that answers your
question sufficiently this what did I
just do
did I call someone this week's winner of
the giveaway is Keith a and my baby boy
Keith a my BB C he's so fucking
wonderful he wanted XCOM enemy vagina
what is it called and me unknown and he
wanted the complete pack and I sent it
over to him 8 as a pre because that's
how I do you know I fucking do you guys
dirty in a good way
sorry guys I just had caffeine as you
can probably tell but let's just get
into these fucking things because we
have a lot of them here's the first one
I think this is something I bought for
myself yeah there are gonna be a few of
these that I bought for myself cuz I got
a gift cards for my birthday why
wouldn't I so yeah it is oh my god this
bubble wrap
it's making me thirsty so this is a
fucking Pokemon pokeball tongue ring
alright that's what it looks like so I
put this on my wish list and then I
realized there was only one left in
stock so I bought it for myself because
I was like yeah I won't this shit girl
so my tongue looks like without a
fucking tongue oh shit cock fuck
whatever Oh huh uh very cute very cute
I'm just gonna scratch through from my
mouth because it's kind of not a circle
but we shall see good job Tara thank you
for the gift oh okay
so oh did I say if you guys want to sign
up for this week's giveaway link will be
in the description also if you want to
ask me any questions for next week's F&M
which is actually two weeks from now
because next week we're not gonna have
enough in them because I will be out of
the state and I just I can't do it when
I'm out of the state I'm sorry I'll have
something else up for you guys but yeah
if you want to get your questions
answered or anything like that
description and comments in that order
what is this oh yeah I made a video
about all the really really cute teeth
users I have and I put this one on my
wish list and someone bought it for me
who bought it though oh it's cute so
Keith won the giveaway and then he
bought me a cute little infuser
I appreciate it Keith I really love this
so what happens is he actually floats on
top of your tea and then the tea isn't
here being infused into your stuff and
it looks like there's a little frog on a
lily pad on your tea
very fucking cute but yeah I actually
made a video about all the cute things
that I bought for tea and I'm probably
not gonna post it because why the fuck
would anyone want to watch that maybe
I'll post it on patreon or something I
don't know post in the comments if you
want to see all the cute things I have
for my tea because if you guys actually
want it if there is an interest I will
do it and I will be excited whilst doing
it we've got something from Sean black
my baby Sean black thank you so much for
sending me stuff again you really need
to stop like you do not have to be so
fucking amazing what is oh look at the
mario keychain oh that's awesome I love
it I love these loans that are like
squishy so I don't like worry about
breaking them and then what else do we
have
oh my god with authentic pac-man sounds
it's a pac-man keychain how do I do it
remove insulation tab to activate okay
well we have to do that because
obviously
what if I actually was humming I guess
ah oh yeah oh yeah yeah ah thought that
was permanent for a second oh let me
volume two fucking I'm throwing it I'm
so excited it deserves to reach terminal
velocity upstairs neighbors are being
loud again they're getting evicted soon
like I'm not joking like so many people
complaining about them
cannot wait but anyway I cannot wait to
play this either thank you so much Sean
black you are the best black is the new
awesome Sean B is Opie oh it looks like
it has pitfall that was my first game
ever thank you so much Sean I really
appreciate this you'll spoil the anus
out of me I am NOT of deserving of the
thing I am NOT its I am NOT the hoe you
are looking for this is the lightest box
in the history of boxes oh my god yes
okay so I put the stupidest shit on my
fucking wish list this time one of which
one items of which is this stupid Asian
thing that's supposed to make your
wrinkles go away but really I don't
think it works I just wanted to see what
it would look like so we're gonna go
ahead and we're gonna do that
uh-huh I feel less wrinkly already oh my
god they should use these fucking noses
and pushed us like oh no no I swear no
God no God no Allah and dental work
dental work this is I have to go show
dog he was not amused
ah he was not amused this smells like
some serious seriously fucked up
silicones actually advertises something
that's meant to fix a fat face or
something and wrinkles only in fucking
Asia is this not a sex toy why does it
have to have lips on it like it's oh my
god so weird
thank you to whoever said that to me I
wish there was a note but there's not
quite frankly that was that that made my
day maybe
we'll have some others like sillyashley
yes and just as I thought I'd spoke too
soon about silly shit we've got some
more silly shits okay so this is a it's
a choker or not a choker we call those a
ball gag but it's not a ball it's a dogs
chew toy
this is amazing.i well that's just gonna
be the most wonderful of necklaces for
the rest of the video thank you whoever
sent me that as well as their a lizard
why are there never notes on these
things probably does it come from Asia I
don't know I appreciate it I'll probably
use this in some kind of sex session and
yeah you know I like ball gags and
interesting things this one kind of
makes me sick to my stomach because it's
pulling on my face like that and usually
I can handle a ball gags but it smells
bad it smells it smells not even like
plastic it kind of smells like manure
there's something to be honest so that's
why I'm having an issue with it I'm so
glad I wore neutral lip gloss today
because otherwise I would have like
stuff all over my face yeah let's move
on oh we've got this thing coming from
Tim be at Tim B what did you send me oh
we've got a note I love me some notes
and what is this magic cards
send me some magic cards all right what
is on my nail Oh gross what is this oh
my god so my other nail too what I do
whatever anyway I'm just gonna sit down
here if you see me moving my hand off
off camera I'm like trying to get this
shit off my hand hey Tara I thought it
would be fun to build you a magic deck I
know it's not perfect but I thought you
would have fun at making this deck
stronger than what it is I don't know if
you own these or have seen some of these
cards before all of above I hope you
enjoy the cards Tim ogre V PS maybe
later when I get a chance I will build
you another deck of another color so
it's looking like this is a blue deck
let's see you let's see what I think
about this deck he drew like his little
ogre thing on it thank you thank you oh
good so to Tritan ensure stalkers to
invisible stalkers a bunch of two drops
three drops god I miss magic you guys
three jobs it's all an order of like the
mana costs - oh my god we've got a
fucking artifact creature Gollum
dude I should make this a thing I should
have you guys build me decks and then I
take them to F&M and no matter how like
bad or how awesome they are I try them
out oh my god there's like an old-ass
brainstorm that's pretty cool I like
that and then a newer brainstorm I
haven't played for like a whole set so
yeah there's a cancel in here a mine
sculpt I mean it's probably not gonna
what does the artifact creature do hex
plate golem it's just a five seven it's
a vanilla five seven I feel like that
would be pretty bad
I could definitely make this better I'm
not the kind of person that I'm more of
a spike than a Timmy or whatever it's
called I'm more of a just play the net
Dex and fucking win type of person I do
have fun from time to time building my
own decks like I used to do that when I
was new at the game I guess I would say
I'll entertain the idea when I moved to
Vegas and start playing magic again but
yeah I don't know I might as well like
try it out because I just miss playing
magic turning cards sideways casting
instance is the shit thank you so much
over I appreciate it
you're fun I like you you're cool a
deluxe edition final fantasy 15 plus
Kings grave and it's in one of those
like hard like tin tin cases this is
awesome here LMT good luck with Final
Fantasy 15 woo is this it or does it
come with a collector's edition I'm
confused cuz now that I know that it's
from rubber tongue I feel like this was
supposed to be more than it is if you
guys haven't watched Kings glaive or
played Final Fantasy 15 yet you guys
have - so fucking good and this is
really it's really cool let me show you
what it looks like pretty cool right
plus you slash soft toy two boxes why
didn't you just send them both in one
box I already lost my other box cutter I
really appreciate you guys like taking
the time to actually send me mail like
wrapping it yourself sending it to me
like that's insane
oh yeah this is like a really legit
fuckin sonic pussy this is a dark sonic
Oh River right this is like past my time
that is awesome thank you so much why
didn't you put a note in here telling me
who it's from so cute so badass for ages
15 and above holy crap I'm barely old
enough to get this fucking thing oh shit
supersonic
oh I love it oh wait is there no Tutera
thanks for giving political correctness
a giant middle finger and giving hope
for common sense from Chris Omega Oh
finally these are the fucking gifts I
actually suggest you go back and give
senran kagura ago I found it to be
pretty good I will take your advice
thank you for the supersonic and the
dark sonic motherfuckers I really
appreciate it all right
had a very hard time making my Sonic's
become this Sonic in the older games
because getting the fucking Chaos
Emeralds ahh
no do not cut my nail damn it because
getting the Chaos Emeralds oh my god so
much fun but so hard to do oh I love it
thank you Chris I really appreciate it
this is awesome haha I'm an idiot
what blasphemy is this leaving Sega
characters on my Nintendo chair ah
alright next we have something that the
delivery guys decided it was prudent to
open for themselves because you know
fuck Tara and her shit my fucking
privacy goddamn the final fantasy
hardcover collector's edition guide how
fucking crazy oh my god totally
comprehensive all-in-one visual
solutions maximum flexibility all game
systems decoded a hundred percent
completes who needs the internet you
know I've been kind of wondering why I
can't get my chocobo to do kick into
chocobo in fucking battle and now I can
find out I think it's because I'm not
feeding her properly
look it's literally the entire map with
all of the outposts and everything holy
crap what the fuck that is so good I'm
gonna pull out my physical map every
time I need to know where I'm gonna go
like fuck the mini-map fuck - fucking
in-game map and then we've also got this
adorable little print which looks
awesome as fuck inside we've got Gladio
we've got noctus and then prompt down
Ignace alright I don't know how much we
lost but I just told a story cuz my
fuckin thing stopped recording I just
told a story about how I lost a Tom
figurine in the lake that I used to play
and as a kid it was very sad because tom
was my favorites and you know Jerry's
fine - I really liked the show but I
always rooted for Tom also rubber tongue
sent me what seems to be every Pokemon
ever in a tiny figurine and each one has
its like each set of colors or something
has its own little bag and I'm assuming
it's not all the Pokemon ever but I said
that I'm not going to
now because I have to move before I open
figurines of this magnitude because
otherwise I'll fucking lose them for
sure but yeah good good boy rubber
tongue I like these a lot
and I am scared of how many Pokemon I
now have maybe I'll actually learn the
more than 150 Pokemon all right those
two boxes left and I think I know but
this one is I think this one is one that
I bought myself oh you're never gonna
believe oh yes he is so huge oh my god
yes I could wear this tie I could wear
this fucking tie this is so awesome just
look at him he's like good job Tara your
purchase was very stellar stellar
purchased Tara this is more troll shit
oh it's from Phil JK enjoy your gift I
thought you could use one of these
things when you get drunk wild and make
a mess your secret lover not so secret
now Phil si l hu b rd okay so it is a
troll thing it said Phil instead of
Donald Trump or whatever this time so I
thought it was not trollee it's like
he's trying to make it hard for me to
move he got me a dirt devil compact
design you might actually be an okay
gift honestly I think my other ones kind
of fucked up so compact bagless an
upright unit Thank You Phil thank you
Chris good job rubber tongue Thank You
Tara and everyone else who sent me a
fuckin package you guys are amazing
thank you so fucking much I really
appreciate it thank you ogre for sending
me a magic deck that's so adorable and
so amazing and now it just makes me
wanna play magic again I really miss it
like it's a deficit from my life to not
have that competitive aspect and yeah I
can't wait to get back into it alright
guys I love you so much thank you so
much for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed if you want to ask a question
whilst in the comments I can now pin
comments and I can also part comments so
if you see a heart next to a comment
with my face it means that I actually
went through read your comment and liked
it I'm so happy then my like now doesn't
go towards just the like random thumbs
ups cuz often something all thumbs up
will get thumbs down so much that it
won't even show and people don't get to
know that it's me liking their comments
but now I get to show you guys my
appreciation more for trait which is
just cool earth and you can sign up for
the giveaway so don't forget to do so it
seemed like the giveaway a lot of people
aren't signing up but there's a lot of
cool stuff to be had merch autographed
images free Steam games
guys just sign up link in the
description I hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend and I will see that
soon with a new Friday night male
whoo-hoo love you guys but mm oh yeah
don't forget to check out the two videos
that are no doubt popped up on the
screen right now more F&M and something
tailored to you also following my
Instagram at Tara Babcock and my gaming
channel youtube.com slash terryback got
games also I stream live on Twitch I
might not be streaming until I get back
from Vegas but I stream pretty
frequently when I am home okay guys oh
you guys are so amazing bye
