final fantasy 15 hype action so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want just kidding
this video has nothing to do with Final
Fantasy 15 aside from the fact that at
this very moment that's what I'm
probably doing right now all day forever
anyway hey guys welcome to the November
fucking favourites oh yeah I'm so
excited it is finally time to do a
fucking favourites video I missed he
last month's video and I feel really bad
about that so when in the comments was
like where's the October fucking
favorites and I was like fuck yeah I
kind of did combine like September with
October and just said fuck it but you
guys didn't really actually like these
monthly favourites videos and I really
loved creating them so let's just go
ahead and get started first category as
always is at exposition okay so this
month's exposition is Piledriver if you
guys don't know what that is you should
look it up and no I'm not talking about
the WWE move so you're laying on your
back on the floor right visualize this
with me close your eyes let me guide
your imagination delaying on the floor
on your back it's kind of like a yoga
pose you put your hands behind your back
and lift your ass up into the air and
then put your legs behind your head and
let the person bend down and fuck you
you get super deep penetration from this
angle it hurts a lot that gives you a
great stretch and don't worry girls it's
the good kind of hurt if that's the kind
of thing you like I'll probably post a
picture of it here so you guys know what
the fuck I'm talking about moving on
we've got this month's patron star this
month I'm gonna go with Capri Cavani or
Cavalli she goes by both names
I think Cavani is her more recent work
in Cavalli she's not really my type
because it's kind of like really old
stuff where she doesn't look like she
does now anyway she's pretty hot she
does kind of look like a bunny in the
face but that can make her endearing
right and her porn is really
entertaining I would say don't expect
anything crazy I just think she's a good
solid porn star if you've watched her
and you like her post in the comments
let me know also as always definitely
let me know if I turn you on to anything
turn you on pun intended
because I really love it when I show you
guys new shit you guys are like oh my
god thank you and I'm like yes share the
love of porn stars porn games video
music vagina video music vagina alright
next category is games I have a lot of
shit for this category Final Fantasy 15
isn't in this category because it's the
27th right now as of my recording
this and it's not out yet even though I
played the demo like a year ago and I'm
so hyped for this game can't be my
favorites if I haven't played it right
okay so I got into Skyrim this month and
I kind of regret it because now I'm a
little bit addicted it's funny because
when I first started playing I was like
these graphics are shit and this is kind
of annoying the controls and the fact
that it's supposed to be verse person I
was like good I was kind of just like
outright hating on it for no reason but
then I like forced myself to play it
more because people seem to really just
say just keep doing it it'll be really
good and then I spent yesterday
streaming for six and a half hours just
playing it I have these awesome mods to
where my wood elf is like in this really
sexy lingerie thing it's awesome and I
have a chocobo following me move chocobo
move chocobo move fucking chocobo leave
a pink chocobo and a penguin named
Winston who shit talks to people that
were trying to kill but never actually
seems to fight so fucking good oh the
guy that works at war maintenance is hot
that's right can I marry this guy
welcome to war maidens now both birth
war bear right place can I marry him you
guys I want to marry this guy so I
definitely recommend Skyrim special
edition or vanilla Skyrim not really
called vanilla like the original Skyrim
I probably recommend the original Skyrim
over special edition because it's a
negligible difference and the original
Skyrim has a plethora more of really
good fucking mods like I could have had
a bitch with like huge tits but there's
not that many good body mods for special
edition yet so if you haven't played
Skyrim you should ittle addictive for a
while at least although some people say
they can't get into it and I thought I
was one of those people but I feel like
if you just stick to it for like a day
and force yourself to even if it's not
your kind of game you will get addicted
to it next game we have is an indie game
called this is the police it's really
cool so you control a police station
like you get calls and all the calls of
unique so it's not like a random thing
where you get like the same call over
and over again which happens in a lot of
games these days there's actually like a
linear story you can make choices in the
story but it is linear of a hundred and
eighty days where you play a cop that
becomes corrupt who just talks about
tits and shit it's really great doesn't
mean these gentlemen wouldn't want that
bald head smothered in tents and you
basically try to run the police station
while also juggling mafia demands and
demands of municipality it's got a cool
vibe and you can listen to Beethoven
while you work your magic and the last
game slash games that I recommend this
month are the rematch
versions of Final Fantasy 10 and Final
Fantasy 10 - so a long time ago I played
Final Fantasy 10 didn't remember much of
it and then I started 10 - never
finished it so Jay and I decided that in
the time between a month ago and when
Final Fantasy 15 comes out we would play
Final Fantasy 10 again and Final Fantasy
10 - to kind of satiate the urge we had
to play some Final Fantasy right we just
finished 10 and that's what inspired my
intro to this channel and the other
channel basically just how cringy a lot
of the things that happen in 10 are and
now we're playing 10 - alongside this is
the police
10 - is really fun it was definitely
made in a time where there weren't like
SJW is complaining about sexy stuff
because you know is like a pop star or
some shit and they're just like going
with the whole like girl power sexiness
we don't give a shit if we're pandering
to fanservice type stuff I feel like a
lot of people these days would probably
hate 10 - but I really enjoy it and
there's a lot of less monotonous game
mechanics in it so if you haven't played
10 or 10 - you can get a remastered
version on ps4 alright movie and TV
shows so I watched Doctor Strange this
month like right before my birthday
because I wanted to you know see some
Benedict Cumberbatch action cover batch
action action why can't I say that so I
watched dr. strange this month because I
wanted to see some Benedict Cumberbatch
at action fuck I can't I can't just
can't say it I give up I've tried like
ten times anyway you know what I'm
trying to say and it was a good movie
but the point where it got more sci-fi I
was kind of just like less interested
like I wanted to watch a doctor house
but with Benedict Cumberbatch style
movie more and I don't really know
anything about the comic book universe
of Doctor Strange so it wasn't like a
huge poll for me to hear more about this
story I just was like hoping Benedict
Cumberbatch would get nude or something
and be arrogant and smart like he always
is that wish fulfilled the movie was
okay entertaining what did you guys
think about it I feel like there wasn't
that much hype around there's always
hype around superhero movies but I don't
feel like many people really talked
about Doctor Strange it was just like a
few niche group people who were like oh
yeah finally I didn't see it like all
over my feeds everywhere
maybe I just live under a rock I don't
know but my real shoutouts this month
are oh my god if you haven't seen How to
Train Your Dragon series like the TV
series Dragons there's like three
seasons that have their own little
seasons like season 2 has like two
seasons and season 3 has like three
seasons the show is pretty good but the
first movie and I haven't watched a
second so don't spoil it for me it's
amazing and it's crazy how they actually
follow through and make
everything just makes sense from the
movie throughout the TV shows I really
love them in season 3 the graphics get a
lot better and Astrid looks so pretty
season 3 is the Netflix exclusives if
you want to watch that you got to have
Netflix I think and the rest are either
on Amazon Prime video or they're on
Netflix I have both so I always forget
which is on which I wanted to rewatch
how to turn your dragon because I wanted
to watch How to Train Your Dragon 2 and
there is a How to Train Your Dragon 3
coming out soon but I forgot why it was
one of my favorite movies and I actually
called it my favorite movie second only
to wall-e
for a long time and then I rewatched it
and I remembered exactly why I was like
okay it's something sweet about dragons
and toothless is cute but you don't
really remember exactly how emotionally
amazing that right is of How to Train
Your Dragon it's amazing I really love
animated movies I feel like there's a
bigger range of things you can do and I
don't get sucked into like hating a
certain character because they're
cartoons cartoons are way less hateable
so yeah How to Train Your Dragon if you
haven't seen that shit fucking watch it
if you haven't watched the series you
should it is really good and really true
to the movies so it goes like How to
Train Your Dragon 1 then season 1 2 & 3
then How to Train Your Dragon 2 and then
it'll be How to Train Your Dragon 3 so
that's how you should watch it
alright we've got a lot of business
month so bear with me the first song I
have is the depths of self-destruction
by Riverside I think the whole Riverside
like discography is really really good
so if you guys are looking for something
that's a little more chill but still
kind of metal II like it's more like
prog metal you know definitely check out
Riverside if you haven't but the song
I'm absolutely addicted to this month is
the depth of self-destruction the part
where they're like who we are what we
are we love it man I love that part oh
my god I did not do it justice just
listen to the song
the next song we have is the show must
go on by Queen for a long time I thought
that my favorite queen song was Bohemian
Rhapsody and that's just because like
that's what I remembered and I hadn't
listened to Queen for a long time I'm
not like a huge Queen fan but when I
listened to the show must go on I'm like
oh my god yes this is my favorite Queen
song so that's another song that I'm
absolutely addicted to this month I
don't know about you guys but I watch
all these other favorites videos and
it's kind of like just the newest shit
that people were sponsored to talk about
but with me it's more just like no
bullshit if it's fucking 20 years old
whatever if I'm discovering it right now
and I want to share it with you guys I
have passion for it why the fuck not
talk about it right let's kind of mind
differs also I added the porn and the
sex and all that stuff so added bonus
right just like the titties and of
course are a stunning good looks just
kidding maybe obviously it's up to your
personal perception of beauty okay so
one of my female viewers suggested that
I listen to closer by asking alexandria
this is a cover of obviously closer by
Nine Inch Nails which is a song that I
absolutely love and usually I don't like
covers that much or at least not more
than the originals but this is like a
really really good cover it's a lot more
meta Lee and I always thought that
asking alexandria was like a terrible
band mainly just my own bias toward the
fact that I feel like if I can go to Hot
Topic and there are tons of girls shirts
with the band on it the band's probably
not something that I'm gonna like it's
an unfortunate fact that literally the
only band that I can buy girls shirts
for is Slipknot and that's because
they're so established I can't get like
a girly tank top with Lamb of God on it
or a Mona Mars or Cannibal Corpse that
never happens so if it's up on the wall
and it's just for girls I'm thinking the
band of shit I haven't given them a
chance and this is only something I've
ever listened to but I really like their
cover of closer so you should check it
out very good very sexy also I want to
fuck you like an animal you gotta add
the sound effects to my awful winking
alright the next song is invincible by
12 foot ninja this is something that Jay
showed me I think a month ago and I've
only just started getting really into it
I just keep like replaying it sometimes
it's really good for the gym it's a very
interesting random and weird song but
it's something that I enjoy and I feel
like a lot of you might enjoy it as well
it's not too too heavy but it's still
heavy it's still rock it's still metal
so I don't really have much to say about
that one just a good song members by
Lamb of God in that whole CD just do
that CD really good there are a lot of
really good songs on that album but
there's also a few they're just kind of
like
I feel like that's new for Lamb of God I
feel like I can just play a Lamb of God
CD and it's all look really good and
ashes by white comic if you guys
remember I talked about white comic like
two months ago or something
they're like kind of a scream Oh a band
so I didn't think I would like them that
much but the emotion that they put into
their songs and by far my favorite is
ashes it's on Spotify so if you want to
listen to it ashes by white comic Oh
such a good fucking song like oh my god
and I started listening to the song
while I was still playing the attack on
Titan game so meshing those two together
like we'll take the world by storm will
drown and burn them all like in the way
he says it and then just imagining like
using the odm gear I think it sodium
right omnidirectional mobility gear OMD
omnidirectional sodium okay yeah using
the odium gear to just like kill Titans
oh oh
I can't pick
it's just orgasms all over the place you
got to listen to that song even if
you're not that into scream oh and by
screamo i actually mean emo screaming
not shit like Lamb of God where there
growling and being manly as fuck and
they would rip your heart out alright
let's move on to the guy slash girl but
I want to fuck okay so as you guys know
every morning and every night before I
go to bed I have well maybe don't know
this I have a meal and I sit on the
couch and watch a TV show one episode of
a TV show
right now that's dragons and I'm
obsessed with dagger the deranged he's
so awesome especially when you get later
into the third season I want to have a
threesome with dagger and Astrid and
then I totally want to like cuck
snotlout and make him like stand in the
corner and watch that would be awesome
oh my god and of course Benedict
Cumberbatch he recently got married
all right now girly favorite I have two
girly favorites this month I think I had
like four when I was thinking about it
last night I totally forgot the others
so whatever fuck it the first thing this
is the cleanser I've been using the
facial cleanser it's called skin suta
khals purifying cleanser I'll show to
have clothes come on the lights too
bright but it looks like that it looks
like that okay this was recommended to
me by the skin chick that works at my
plastic surgeon's office I went in and I
got my first of three chemical peels
they're like mini chemical peels
I didn't even peel and you don't have to
peel whatever but like my skin feels so
good using this and I'm one of the
people that grew up having really really
bad acne so I've always stuck to like an
apricot scrub like something that just
like scrubs my face really hard every
day and I thought that I would hate
putting on makeup every day without
scrubbing off all the dead skin cells
and shit and I thought that I would
absolutely hate this but she said that
it's really good to not get rid of all
of the grease and oil on your skin
because there's a certain level of
grease and oil that your skin is going
to produce to feel comfortable to
protect your skin and that stuff
basically just keeps your skin supple so
to remove all of it with abrasive
scrubbing every day it's like really bad
even if you have acne it's best to
regulate your skin using something like
this a gentle cleanser that also with
biomedic formulation technology for
normal combination skin and it says on
the back this light cleansing gel
containing glycolic acid gently removes
resistant surface debris and impurities
leaving a condition fresh complexion
suitable for all skin types I've been
using this for about a month now and
it's actually helped my skin a lot none
of this stuff is ever sponsored in my
favorites videos I just don't do that I
really enjoy this shit it's really good
it's made my skin like really
rejuvenated and just fresh and it's so
nice and I still have like a little bit
of roughness even after my first
chemical peel I'm going in for the next
one I think on the 30th so like in two
or three days it helps smooth fine lines
whatever kind of stuff you would have on
your skin and it makes you look
completely fresh so whether you're a
girl is going to put on makeup it's
great for right before or a guy who just
wants a better complexion but doesn't
want to actually do anything because of
course that would be gay SkinCeuticals
seems to be really good they're kind of
expensive but it's definitely worth
trying you deserve to have nice skin
okay so the next girly favorites and I
have to gush about this is fucking gel
slash relax man occurs and pedicures
look at these look at these beauties
okay it's not so much about the way that
they look this is kind of my style just
some rain
bright color and really pointy tips to
protect to myself or scratch you during
sex maybe I don't know J doesn't like
that but I'll do it to you anyway I
cannot like okay so for so long I would
go in there's like a hair I mean I was
it sort of gone anyway for so long I
would go in and I would get manicures
and pedicures it would just dude like
the regular stuff and I was always
wondering why everyone around me was
like shellac shellac shellac and they
got like extra treatment they got like a
hand massage during it every time I got
acrylics I never gonna hand massage with
my fucking manicure and I was just like
why the fuck are they spending like
10-15 extra dollars on the shellac shit
so I looked up shellac and I found out
that it's like a tree resin that's extra
hard that didn't fucking help me then I
just decided to try it so I went in and
I was like I want shellac and they have
like the special I just spit all over
the place sorry it like the special wall
with all the colors the shellac colors
or the gel colors or whatever and then
they actually like put your hands when
they're drying it they do like multiple
coats and put your hands under this like
UV drying mechanism thing and it's just
a night and day fucking difference so
here are a few of the things that made
my life better because I'm now using
shellac first of all I don't have to get
my toes done every single time usually
within the first two weeks my toes would
start like peeling off and like the
Front's would be just kind of ugly so I
can just do it every other time I don't
have to do it every time and then
another thing is I would always like
grabbing my keys and everything I would
always ruin my manicure right away and I
had to like go like and wait for them to
dry and shit it was so fucking annoying
shellac dries instantly hard and like
even when it's dry and it's not shellac
I can still like make indents with my
nails or like opening packages for F&M I
would end up denting and making my
manicure just really dull and like my
makeup would stain it or going under UV
rays if you tan or something like I
don't anymore but I used to tan and it
would like make my manicure really
Orange kind of like yellow orange and it
looks really ugly but shellac doesn't do
that shellac just stays exactly the
fucking same as day one as always it's
fucking amazing it's impenetrable it's
like the best thing ever
and it's funny because at the end of a
like shellac manicure session or ever
the fuck you would call it they actually
use the stuff that you would usually
take like nail polish remover to shine
it up better it doesn't come off with
nail polish remover which can be a
downfall to some people if you
in a hurry because you do have to like
sit there like and permeate the nail
polish remover on your toes to get it
off but oh my god it's so much more
resilient it's better I get no chips no
cracks no indents no dullness it's like
the best thing ever it looks so good for
so long forever as long as I want it to
now the only problem is I have to stop
breaking my nails because they're still
breakable well opening packages alright
before we get to my favorite thing I
wanted to let you guys know I'm going to
try to pick this up I have a giant box
of a winter Tara Babcock merch buddies
off the shoulder sweaters for men and
women in this box down here and I'm
going to be doing an exclusive video all
about the winter collection for Terri
Babcock merch hashtag care about pop
merch scream gear.com slash Tara Babcock
if you want to check those out if you
want to get some sweaters with the
heartbreaker design or the rage design
I'm also coming up with the Vulcan
design is it's almost done it's almost
here but I just want to let you guys
know that yeah I've got winter designs
and those are like my unofficial
favorite thing this month but my
official favorite thing this month just
get to it my fucking new tits I love my
new tits I can't I can't even I don't
know they're perky like I wanted in
their fake like I wanted them I kind of
look like an anime character I'm like
barely wearing a bra I'm like wearing a
little like bikini top thing it doesn't
really hold anything up so this is what
it looks like basically without a bra
they're just so great so perky so
squishy like oh my god I love silicone
it's amazing it's just like all the
squishiest thing ever and I can just
they're palpable just move them around
you jiggle oh my god I love it so much
and I fix all the imperfections that I
had before from my old operation from
Saline all its just oh it's so much
better I'll have that video like the
entire my second breast augmentation
video up really soon I'm just waiting to
get the tape off this Wednesday so after
I get the tape off I'll do the final
video wrap it up edit it and send it to
you guys I am really glad that I
invested in this I'm really glad that I
did this now dr. Baxter and I could not
be fucking happier so my favorite thing
my tits that's it for my November
fucking favorites I hope you liked the
video subscribe to the channel Terrell
notification so you know when I post a
video and don't forget to check out the
two videos at the end of this vagina you
know like the little screen is going to
pop up pretty soon if it hasn't already
also subscribe to my gaming channel
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games on
my twitch channel twitch.tv slash Tara
Babcock and the most
horn social network my Instagram at Tara
Babcock where I post all the sexy
pictures and I also post what I'm doing
for the day so you'll know when I stream
and all that shit the rest of my links
are down in the description as well as
the link to go to my scrim gear site so
you can buy all of my merch I love you
guys so much and I hope you enjoyed
these videos please let me know if you
do let me know what you think I want to
improve I want to keep doing the things
that you guys like the most and I just
want to build this community of very
very happy informed logical beautiful
people love you guys see you in the next
video
