I hope I am on the right Internet am I
on the right Internet am i am on oh
right Internet oh shit I don't even know
some life my life a my life oh my oh
shit I am and it's fucking loud annoying
what's up guys what's up okay I'm gonna
hide the chat as always in the beginning
of the video because I'm gonna do all of
the normal Friday night mail stuff first
so none of the people who come here for
the edited version are dissatisfied with
the video but yeah welcome to Friday
night mail number 108 this is such a
comfy place to do this I'm glad you can
join me on my couch in my living room
this is the smaller couch there's a
couch over there that's a bigger couch
but this is the smaller couch with all
of my plushies so today the first thing
we're going to be doing as always is
we're gonna be congratulating the winner
of last week's FM giveaway it is
congratulations Chris see ya Chris
wanted the $25 Amazon gift card and I
emailed him I haven't heard back yet but
I will get that to him as soon as I do
hear back from him oh yeah I hope you
guys can hear me well is everything good
I think everything's good alright so um
what was I gonna say I was gonna say
something that I guess isn't that
important I think if I sit which which
place that do I need to sit for it to be
in focus I don't know I'm using my
really really high-quality camera and my
really high-quality camera doesn't have
a continuous autofocus so I have to
focus it beforehand get the nice bokeh
in the background and just kind of deal
with whatever happens from there I'm
gonna try to stay in the right angle and
stuff I've got my my pokeball cardigan
on and I'm cuddling my pokeball throw
pillow it's gonna be a good day I'll try
not to make it cover the boobs too much
this I got like two FM's ago and I
finally figured it out today and I think
it looks fucking awesome I'm actually
feeling the way I look today so let's
just go ahead and go into the Q&A is
that I took from last week's video guys
if you want to sign up for the giveaway
as always including right now link is in
the description so you can click that
now sign up go ahead do that also if you
guys want to be one of the pop up
questions of the week for the FM on the
live versions please do come back once
this is a vaad on my channel rather than
a live chat version and poster questions
I didn't answer them here live I will
get to them hopefully in a regular next
mm type situation okay that wasn't
perfect but you know see we're doing it
live okay so I'm right clicking I
fucking hate using not an actual
keyboard okay so the first question let
me get comfortable oh no no no not mr.
owl not mr. owl the first question is
I'm a little late to the party but
question what are your thoughts about
the people who will do anything for the
good of others even if they get hurt in
the process
my initial knee-jerk reaction to this is
they're stupid but that's not the full
the full reasoning anyone who thinks
that there's actually a wholly unselfish
act that that exists that's possible
they're kind of silly
I mean selfless acts are selfish so that
we want to do them when you do something
nice for someone you get the intrinsic
happiness of feeling like you did
something for them and that makes you
happy and that's why you do it it's a
it's a dopamine reward system in your
brain so people who do this I would
question what the underlying issue with
them is I feel like they have some kind
of maybe like daddy issues type thing
where they feel like they have to do so
much for a person and hurt themselves
and put everyone else before themselves
and it's not a healthy mindset someone
who doesn't put themselves and their
really close loved ones first or someone
who allows other people to trample all
over them or who puts the happiness of
someone not related to them over
themselves will ultimately be a
depressed unhappy person even if they do
get that small gratification from
helping those people I don't think it's
a healthy mindset and I think once you
realize that every selfless deed is in
fact selfish technically they are Eve
it'll make here it'll make your world a
lot a lot better and more logical and
you'll stop doing these things for these
people who do not deserve you feeling so
terrible about yourself in order to make
them
feel better it's the kind of thick a
Fanta Kherson who will inevitably be
unhappy hope that answers your question
um question two oh this is from Peckham
I forgot that this was from Pekka
question on the topic of friendship when
one starts going down the wrong path
does it matter how close that friend is
on how hard you try to fix it if it
fails do you hold on to the good
memories or gifts from the friendship
okay so I'm not sure what he means about
what he means by when it starts to go
down the wrong path do you mean like
when the person starts to become a
person that you wouldn't consider your
friend anymore
or when that person starts doing
something that's against the friendship
ah I don't I don't hesitate to kick
people who are toxic out of my life I of
course hold on to the memories or
whatever gifts I don't know if you mean
like specific like factual gifts or just
like the gift of friendship I don't know
which you mean come here you come here
baby here how quickly do you kick people
out of your life all right you can go I
actually brought her other cat-free over
here so she can like hang out while we
do the video and stuff but she was there
before I started dreaming but she's not
there anymore hopefully she'll go back
there anyway yeah I keep talking people
out of my life pretty quickly but I
don't hold grudges so anyone who decides
to change or decides to like fix
whatever problems we have I am a hundred
percent open to having a different
opinion of them once they've changed I
think it goes both ways to kick people
out easily and to bring people back in
easily I don't have high expectations of
people I think it's really silly to have
any expectations of anyone I think just
in that moment if that person is being a
good friend if that person is doing
things that you enjoy I have a more
Objectivist view of this of course so um
anyone who is beneficial to me as
someone who makes me happy someone who
is interesting to me someone who
provides happiness in my life and
betters me and pushes me up rather than
holding me down those person though them
those people are my friends
but anyone who does the opposite just
immediately becomes like not my friend
and I don't really care but if they're
like I'm sorry this is
what was going on with me or if they
need help and that's why they're doing
it it's not just like a malicious thing
I'm definitely for bringing them back
into the fold so to speak but I don't
have that many friends I have a lot of
acquaintances but I don't have that many
actual close friends it's just not
something I do because I'm not good at
upkeeping relationships I think in this
day and age a lot of people expect you
to be in person with you in person with
them like once a week or on the phone or
texting I guess texting is I I can't
stand the phone I've never been able to
stand the phone and I think Millennials
and the new generation kind of agree
with me on that they don't like phone
usage is all about texting but I don't
respond to people that much I'm not good
at responding to people and I think a
lot of my viewers and stuff who's become
my friends on discord or an email
they're kind of like annoyed they're
like oh my god you don't respond or
whatever it's like I don't respond to my
IRL friends either I don't respond to
anyone I just kind of keep into my own
bubble I don't go out or you know it's
just like not my thing really so I think
a lot of effort needs to be given in to
keep a friendship and I just not really
willing to do that a a reminder guys for
all of you and the chat I'm not even
looking at the chat until I'm done with
the actual fnm then I'll take all of
your questions it'll be like open season
we can do super tats all that stuff so
just hold your questions okay we have
four questions this week by the way so
question three is question have you ever
watched the series black mirror on
Netflix it's like a tech folks focused
version of The Twilight Zone they have
an episode focused on the world if it
were completely run by social media and
like and like score it's okay this is
really tiny for me so I'm tryna read it
and you're like score determined your
position in society so everyone tries to
be fake nice to everyone to get their
score high be and to be interesting to
see what your impressions are from being
a social media personality thank you
okay so that was the first episode I
ever watched a black mirror it's weird
because Jay and I I think started season
2 episode 1 which i think is that
episode and we for some reason thought
it said season 1 or I think he just like
hovered over it and then we just started
watching and you know how you just get
in the Netflix binges where you start
the episode and then it just goes and
goes and
forever so that was the first episode I
ever watched a black mirror and I
thought that was one of the worst
episodes
I wasn't hooked on the series I thought
it was a little bit more of like it was
like a cringe factor thing like it
wasn't really an interesting premise I
mean it was an interesting premise but I
feel like it was done poorly I love
black mirror I haven't watched the
second season I think there's the second
season out no right but I haven't
watched it because I'm hardcore anime
right now like just everything anime I'm
actually watching attack on Titan junior
high or something like that which is
like a chibi version of attack on Titan
where instead of Titans eating them
Titans bully them in a junior high
school look it up on crunchyroll I
actually have a crunchyroll premium
subscription to now I'm like fucking
going all-out weeb it's really really
awesome thank you for the super chat
I'll get to it after everything I
appreciate it but um yeah I don't really
have an opinion on that I feel like I
would definitely be like the trucker
lady where I just stop giving a shit
about social media I love social media
because I like sharing the art that I
create with you guys obviously I like
making YouTube videos which I don't
really consider to be art or anything
I'm not like Tooting my own horn that my
stupid sexual jokes there's some kind of
beautiful form of art but I do feel like
my Instagram and just the way I take
photos and stuff and how I come at it
from like a very artistic position I
really like taking perspective photos of
my body I feel like close-ups of my
boobs and waist or like a close-up of my
ass and like trying to make it look the
best and I like throwing on different
filters while keeping it realist and
taking pictures of my favorite things
that I like to do and I feel like all of
the love for social media that I have on
that in that regard would be gone
because it would just be something
that's changing the way I get to live I
would fucking hate that and I'm so glad
that doesn't exist because to me social
media is just a superficial bullshit
thing where I use it to just satisfy my
artistic outlet whatever little artistic
inclinations I have hope that answers
your question I know it's kind of like
it's kind of a cop-out feels like a
cop-out a little bit I haven't really
thought about this kind of dystopia but
maybe I'll give it a shot
talking about it later and if you're
here in the chat I'll try to think about
it while I'm doing everything else then
we'll talk about it afterwards but
thanks for the question last question is
from Miss Dior my question is are you
afraid to die since you don't believe in
God I was wondering if you would be
scared being wrong
xoxo wow thanks for the question umm I'm
not afraid to die I'm afraid of how I
might die I'm more afraid of getting in
a terrible car accident becoming a
paraplegic or having locked-in syndrome
when I'm going under general anesthesia
or something I'm more afraid of things
that will ruin my quality of life than I
am of dying I'm pretty content with
dying and I also she always brings me
this and we play fetch not saying she
brought it for me just now but she will
watch you'll see we do it every day
every time I'm playing on the couch of
playing video games on the couch or
watching anime she's constantly bringing
it back and forth like the Maine Coon in
her she spent like a dog but anyway um
okay so a lot of people act like this is
a Pascal's wager kind of situation where
like why not just believe in God because
the ultimate eternal hell thing is kind
of scary and it doesn't you know take
away anything from you that's Pascal's
wager it's like if I'm right the world
ends if you're right it doesn't really
matter that much but I don't see it as
that kind of situation I see it as I'm
giving up this most likely one life I
have to live by being a completely fake
person who doesn't give in to my id's
and my fucking hedonistic desires and
stuff just for some things that is
promised to me that has absolutely no
proof so to me if I believe in God and
if I follow this fucking straightedge
like oh I got a you know do all this God
bullshit I'm losing my entire life and
then there's nothing after so that's
like a huge scary thing that I would
never do I would rather be wrong and go
to hell then be then you guys be wrong
and I'm ruining my entire life and then
she's gone it's over and it's like I
guess you won't care after I'm dead
so there's that argument but I don't
think
theists I don't think these um can even
grapple with that argument because they
do think that it matters after you die I
don't know no disrespect I'm actually
getting more into how like
judeo-christian values and stuff shaped
our our morality I'm a moral nihilist
but I think it's really interesting that
people feel like without the
judeo-christian values there would be no
morals I believe more that our morality
in our society is thanks to the
judeo-christian values but I feel like
we would naturally get there through
objectivism where we have these like
Florida and quote unspoken morals more
on that later we have a lots of bucks
and a lot of people are asking me
questions I can see in the chat so yes
so thank you so much for asking
questions I'm a little hyper today I've
had a lot of caffeine I'm not gonna lie
so that's why I'm acting a little bit
weird but I love this this is so comfy
I'm gonna do this every week here like
oh my god I'm also so lazy and my like
my Mario sleepy pants first thing we've
got first thing we're getting into the
packages we actually got some stuff this
week which is awesome I am not worthy as
always what is this oh my god my god
this is a cutest owl hold on please be a
note no fucking notes who sent me this
fucking adorable ass motherfucking owl
like holy shit diseases oh my god how
cute is this look at the little feet oh
my god whoever sent this to me it's like
kind of creepy but it's like so cute at
the same time I love it it looks like
it's handmade - it's one of those ones
the word like you see a little bit of
the glue on it because it was made by
someone with real hands not factory made
and it's toe so it's like a soft is Eve
Eve is literally the softest animal I've
ever felt you know when you um you go to
Ikea or some other place with like those
fucking nasty of animal rugs and you
touch it and it's like wow
that's not that soft Eva's like
literally the softest thing ever and I
don't have to brush her it's fucking
amazing it truly truly is
it's so cute thank you whoever sent this
to me I don't want to put it there
because then evil evil fuck it up there
it's with the bigger out I love you guys
so sweet so thoughtful I love getting
things that are not on my list because
it shows you guys know what I want oh
god I don't even think I need this
anymore we're gonna use it anyway
okay this is from pick up you said enjoy
your gift card well I'll enjoy you
enjoying the gift when it comes to UMS
of course heart from Pekka you guys
can't see it it's too fucking blown out
to show you Thank You Pekka I don't know
why they have to like fucking not take
care of things when they send it I swear
like I get so many like wrinkled up
packages and it's funny because Pekka
particularly when he sends me something
from his country in Finland it's always
like the last time he actually sent me a
bunch of patches that I wanted really
bad but they just stole them cuz customs
just stole instead it came damaged
no it didn't okay Massholes okay so this
is um this is a tabs guide for your for
your bass guitar so I put these on my
fret and it helps me remember what the
actual notes and stuff are which is cool
because I actually do want to learn all
of the real note because when I played
flute and stuff like reading music was
easy for me and I feel like you're not a
true musician until you actually learn
all of the notes on the instrument
you're using Thank You Becca I love you
this is nice
I'm gonna have fun with this it has all
that the fret numbers there I didn't
know that the first fret was zero and I
was wondering why on in some of the tabs
because Rocksmith doesn't really use abs
they use like their own version of tabs
and I was wondering why there was a zero
I'm like what the fuck is zero is zero
like open note but not it's the first
fret I guess because the frets are the
line the actual lines on the guitar you
know so like
the open space is zero then the first
line is the first friend okay that makes
a little compartment I just logic to
myself into it alright okay so this this
is super heavy so I'm assuming it's from
the fucking Donald Donald's trolling me
or something come over here
or you can just say that that's really
cute dude alright let's open this up
thanks for sending me things guys if you
want to send me anything if you want
something like a letter or anything cute
my wish list is always in the
description I don't know if it's in the
description of the live show but in like
every other video baby and I also have a
wish list so if you don't know what to
get me Oh bubble bath yes this for
patreon guys sorry alright
hi Tara thank you for everything you do
enjoy yes I hope to see a bubble bath
fanservice Friday one day from Lewis
Thank You Lewis I chose the coconut and
lime bubble bath
with dead sea minerals and organic
extracts I think this is gonna be cool
it's a cruelty free and it seems to have
some natural shit in it I like some
natural shit you know what I'm saying
not that I know what the fuck I'm
talking about but I am excited to that
fanservice fried a bubble bath for you
and I think Lewis was the one that asked
about it and initially piqued my
interest of putting it on my wish list
so Thank You Louis I appreciate it so
much and I can't wait to do it I'm gonna
be doing a lot of cool fanservice
Fridays Oh this year
it's really hard to keep these the way I
want them to be oh there we go all right
Thank You Louis once again awesome we're
gonna do no pasty is all nude in the
back but you know not showing anything
for fans from spread it but I'll take
$50 plus pictures to which will be cool
by the way anyone who's asking like
we're fanservice Friday as it's on
patreon now you can check out my patreon
if you want to every single patron $1.00
plus gets access keep and service Friday
every week there's in-between weeks
where fan service Friday is just kind of
like a cute little tits and ass Vlad
vlog
but um yeah I really enjoy doing it as
long as I'm doing what I want to do oh
god what is this shit
oh you know it's gonna be rough oh
there's a note like this what is it is
the note here no oh here it's like weird
they sometimes then just like pieces of
paper what can i Tara I saw this and I
immediately Bella hi Tara I saw this and
I immediately thought of you hope you
like it from Calvin Oh excited I feel
like this is gonna be an original gift
but there's two gifts so I'm not sure
which is oh my god oh my god okay the
little big is this from a little big I
don't know if you can read that but the
little big is a company that makes like
baby baby outfits for adults oh man it's
called a little for big and here's a
catalog it's got a it's like a bunch of
baby clothes just like sexy baby clothes
for adults I know that sounds awful like
sexy baby clothes it's basically for um
I forget to forget the name of the genre
of kink but it's like um you know mommy
mommy daddy little girl it's like an
abbreviation like LG dd or something
like that and people just like girls to
like dress up sometimes they even go as
far as like putting on diapers and like
peeing in the diapers and like it's not
my thing but I think onesies are awesome
so yeah this looks so comfy I feel like
I have to put this on hold on
I can't find it I like dropped a silica
gel packet oh here it is okay I don't
want these laying around because as you
guys know I have a cat and my cat likes
to try to eat literally everything so I
try to keep things in order a little bit
I think after we're done with F and M
all I'll put this on for you guys and
we'll see we'll see how it looks
I'll put it on at the very end it looks
like it's definitely gonna fit me it's
kind of it looks like it might be a
little bit big but it's super stretchy
oh I'm so excited
I love onesies how are the buttons are
they like Snap thank you so much Calvin
this is badass yeah we definitely have
to try this on for you guys okay okay we
have one more from Calvin and this
actually has like a gifts little thing I
know you like getting these and I like
seeing you in them from Calvin oh who is
it another one that would be fucking
cool oh the gamer one oh my god I love
this one even though it can't be a
cleavage one oh my god oh my god oh my
god it's so cute oh this is the best oh
I love it so much it says game over it's
got some space invaders on it it's got
like an NES controller and a PlayStation
controller and a Gameboy and up there's
the Xbox controller oh this is so cute
it's got like up down up down
oh my god oh my god you guys this is
gonna be so cute and it's got the little
snap Thank You Calvin
I hope this fits well because this one
you see when you stretch it out it like
completely fucks the the coloring which
is like scary I don't know how I'm gonna
be doing the the trying on of these live
I think I'm gonna leave the camera I'm
gonna like leave away from the camera
then I'm gonna move my whole set and you
guys can just be live watching while I
move the set to avoid any like
any nip flips or anything because I
don't want to get my shit banned alright
let's look at this real quick
they have like adults yeah yeah adult
diapers like cute adult diapers not like
oh fuck I'm incontinent I can't keep my
shit and piss and it's like literal like
like cutesy adult diapers oh man binky's
oh man that King command Eisler okay
this I think is something I've been
wanting for a long time it's a gift from
rubber tongue and it took way too long
to get here and I'm hoping it is what it
is because I'm so excited to show you
guys and I'm so excited to fucking put
it in my in my game game room game room
setup
I'm so excited please let it be what I
think it is Oh God so much like drama
can I just get this open Oh
swear to god you guys
we're I think I'm gonna start doing
videos here this is a really comfy like
place to just chill we can talk about
all the good things I love that I got my
super high quality camera back - oh my
god oh my god oh my god it is what I
thought it was why doesn't it come in
the original box though that's stupid oh
yes yeah let's move all that shit
alright guys
the fucking vice president with her
titties and what's-his-face I can't
remember the dude's name um what is his
name
the guy who conspired with the main
character to like break out because he
wanted to figure and then he got the
figure this is all prisons bullshit so
if you haven't watched the prison school
or read prison school I read prison
school before I watched it but I am so
excited to get this figure oh yes
Eve what are you doing over there much
excites much excites all right so here
is the little the little horse that this
figure comes that the figure comes with
there's the figure and the little fuckin
oh my god this okay you can take his top
off because you can stick the figure in
her tip in her tip look at this all this
is so great
this is so high-quality - oh my god I
love it oh my god you guys oh my god
okay I have to show you we're gonna have
to fuck with the camera a little bit to
get the the correct all right
okay look at look at this four kids are
squishy guys particular fucking squishy
wishy titty oh my god did you fuck her
with my pinky oh I'm like spitting
everywhere I'm like so this is like an
anime moment for me like I'm fucked up
right now it's like Pauly fuck you can
actually swish her titty like hella
nothing else is squishy like her ass
isn't squishy but yeah this is what my
figure looks like oh I absolutely love
it here's the horse and then you have
this figure that the one guy like wanted
- oh my it's this is the best thing ever
holy shit you guys okay let me refocus
the camera real quick I have a button
for this alright I refocused oh you guys
I'm so I'm like so hype about this
figure let me get my shit up okay oh you
guys this is so great this is like a
super high quality figure - she even has
like a bow on her panties it's so cool
is that too much no that's good oh my
god okay she stands on her high heels I
actually need to take out the stand for
her there's like a big-ass dance in the
back all right so you can put the figure
in her tit which I think I'm gonna do
here's the little figure he is supposed
to ride the Horde either rides the horse
or he goes in to hurt it so let's put
him in her tips okay okay wait I don't
want him to come off yet how do I stick
him in her tit oh no I've popped his
head off okay okay I can't believe how
realistic these pick these are like
legit it does his arms move oh my god
I've never seen such a tiny figure of
poseable arms like this that's fucking
cool dude
okay and she can also ride the horse
which is great all right so let's put
all these little pieces up oh okay he
goes on to a stick that goes into her
tits okay one second I'm sorry we're
gonna spend a lot of time on because I
think it's the fucking coolest thing
okay so the stick goes into her titties
like that there's a little bit oh no
don't fall why doesn't this today well
is this the wrong way
Eve way done alright this is better so
let's do that instead
dude the paint is coming off the figure
all right now we have we ever dominatrix
stuff you guys we have her dominatrix
stuff so she's got this is this even oh
I get to choose which okay so yeah let's
go with the fucking now let's go to the
whip instead of the this thing anyway
done all right so she's got the whip oh
this is so cool
Jay look
her titties are squishy she got squishy
titty oh yeah you're gonna drink your
shake front huh oh you should try one of
the cheesecake things all right I want
to fucking not have all this shit get
lost
I can't believe you can actually stick
this tiny ass fucking thing in this
guy's pan oh I don't think I can do it
without breaking it though it's so scary
hold on let me try I'm sorry I'm
spending so much time on this figure I
just think it's fucking epic I don't
think I can do it without breaking it
I'm gonna have to like ease it into the
hole you're on I'm sayin so we're gonna
put away his legs and we're gonna leave
his other leg I just want to get this on
a stand so I can stick it next to me for
the rest of the video so Mike super hype
all right oh there we go and then we're
how do I get to the oh there's another
guy's fucking rubber tongue rubber
tongue did good look a gel packet can
this come out okay I got the base out my
titties are all sideways isn't she our
titties are legitimately squishier than
my titties I can't believe okay so that
goes in there and then I want to put
this back on top make sure it's all
protected oh it actually does come with
the box the box is just folded weirdly
okay so
then I have her okay and she's supposed
to be sitting on the horse cuz I know
she sits on it and like almost breaks it
do we want to go this way or which way
to the beat it's supposed to be this way
or the other way
her feet legs do not fit Oh am I only
supposed to do one foot dude this is not
working out for me all right
oh okay
and then she's supposed to be sitting on
the horse you're supposed to ever pussy
down farther on the horse though oh my
god this is so cool
all right guys it looks like this it
looks like that so fucking cool you guys
oh it's so awesome so the figures in her
tits oh man okay can we move this though
it's not blocking her that much oh all
right guys here's the box by the way if
you guys wanna see go cool so yeah it
comes with the figure and the horse the
figure can be riding the horse or the
figure Committee can be in between her
tips and then she's like sitting on the
horse and I think that's how I'm gonna
keep it prison school is really cool if
you guys haven't watched the anime you
should I love it all right guys I'm
gonna switch over to actually reading
the chat mode and we're gonna take
whatever questions do / chats
what-have-you I appreciate you guys
being patient as it has been a while
yeah so let's see what kind of super
chests we got going on oh this is the
actual video how do I go to my live page
or whatever to see whatever super chat
I've got one sec guys I'll get to
reading the chat in a bit off snap at
the fuck you dude water or my water
livestreaming
okay Prince Ivan the god $2 thank you
for the super chat he says are you into
being spanked sexually
yes but spanking is the one Avenue
during sex that I spank again some
versions of anal like really dry
anal words like the pain is just like Oh
like it's not a good pain those are the
two types of pain I don't love during
sex
I like being spanked up to like a
moderate amount but I don't like like
super like my ass is almost bleeding
spanking that's just like nothing not
the kind of pain I like you know when
you're like super when you're like super
cold and someone's thanks your ass
and/or spanks any part of you and it's
like extra painful like that kind of
pain I'm not I'm not a big fan of
alright I got to read pop out the chest
you will always be my favorite youtuber
Thank You Ichigo I appreciate it are you
gonna play rivals of explain when it
comes out probably I'll probably try it
at least question when are you going to
do the next episode of sex ed and what
is the subject matter going to be I
honestly don't have a good subject for
sex ed right now so that's why it's kind
of on hiatus also I have like so many
other things I need to film but um if
you guys think of any good topic give it
to me I'm done I feel almost everything
that's really important
so if there's anything that I just
haven't covered for whatever reason just
fucking hit me up and be like why don't
you do a sex ed on this and I'll be like
fuck yeah I'd love to do I like do I
like my ass bean eating out no not that
I wouldn't allow it I just not a huge
fan I'm not a huge fan of any kind of
con cunnilingus analingus it just
doesn't do it for me
I mean I like a guy who is down to like
kiss every part of my body or lick every
part of my body but that's not gonna be
something that I incorporate into my
everyday sex as like a way to actually
get all not really my kind of thing
yes it is a prison school figure so
fucking good let me move this a little
bit you guys can see it better can you
guys still hear me well good I just hope
that my mic isn't picking up the music
too much now because the music's coming
out of my laptop and stuff I'll just
turn down to the desktop audio or fuck I
don't know let's um we can put it this
way but then it's like covering her
actual like face I don't know guys I
can't fucking do it
how have I been lately pretty fucking
good dude I love it we want to tear a
brand a sex doll slash pocket pussy from
Adam and Eve that would be really cool
if Adam and Eve actually manufactured
sex toys from like porn stars and
celebrities and stuff like that I would
totally be down to do that I've always
said that I would make at Arabic pussy
if any company like wanted to
proposition me on that I would
definitely be down it'll be pretty cool
would you rather be banging Tara or
banging Tara I don't know it's fucking
hard decision man hard decision you're
just gonna send me the BS card oh that's
the sweet you don't have to do that if
there's anything you want like fucking
just use it and then get me the bra
letter don't give me the bra don't give
a shit am i more of a Dom or a sub if
we're talking about actually being like
the kinky aspect of it like are you more
submissive or dominant in bed obviously
I'm more specific but if you're talking
about
are you a sub or a Dom like the kind of
BDSM type shit and I'm definitely a Dom
I have a few submissives but it's it's
not the way I conduct myself it's not
like my favorite thing to do in bed is
little thing you know it's not something
I do in my private life really but I do
enjoy it's a little bit of it I do with
rubber tongue and stuff like that it's
fun I might get more into
this year because it's really fun to
punish rub her tongue it's really fun to
make rubber tongue do like stupid menial
tasks and I really wish she lived here
in America so he could like I I would
have him dig out a basement for me just
so he can live in a basement of mine I
think it would be pretty fun
you can like lick the floors clean I
wouldn't have to pay for like anyone
cleaning the house anymore that was
pretty cool the adult entertainment
Expos in a couple of weeks are you still
going to go and vlog it I don't know I
haven't even checked out their their
rules or whatever for media I would have
to go as media and I was planning on
only going if brycie wins
Bracey and I made a plan to go together
if she goes but she doesn't really enjoy
the expo I think she said so ah fucking
your own clone incest or just gay I
would choose just gay that's what I
would choose because I'm not really into
incest I'm not attracted to anyone that
is related to me to be honest but um
masturbation oh you're asking if fucking
your own clone is okay fucking your own
clone is masturbation it's just
masturbation but it's like a fun a more
interactive form of masturbation it's
like kind of akin to like the VR point
you know I'm Sam that'd be cool what are
your views on net neutrality and does
patreon really hope you patreon is the
only reason that I'm able to do this
like as a full-time job to be honest
like I I was dying out there once the
fucking ad pocalypse hit like I was only
making 600 a month on this channel and
then like a hundred a month on the other
channel and then I was doing like twitch
was more than a hobby for me because I
kind of had to do it not that I could
just you know I can just make more
videos on YouTube or whatever but I
needed all that money now I'm okay and
I'm able to save and even though the
fucking taxes killed me
oh man and I have a lot of overhead like
I have a lot of self upkeep like doing
my hair and makeup and all that crap um
but thank you guys thank you to all the
patrons you guys saves me there I
started a patreon because I
was taking donations on twitch and I was
taking donations from people like rubber
tongue and stuff I think what was
representing my life back then I'm not
sure but I was taking donations and
donations were a huge part of my income
my twitch donations and stuff and
fucking somebody charged back a large
donation like fraudulently just charged
back the largest donation that they took
their mom's credit card or something and
PayPal just shut down my account and
they're like fuck you and you know how
pisses me off the worst part about it
now like in hindsight is that I was
thinking about instead of using PayPal
using Bitcoin and I was like I'm not
gonna get anyone to fucking sign up this
Bitcoin thing and then transfer their
money and then send me Bitcoin and that
was like another option to take
donations but now imagine imagine the
rubber tongues giving me like a Bitcoin
like a donation cuz Bitcoin used to be
like 13 dollars or something back then
oh and instead I chose patreon patreon
the best thing that ever happened to me
but imagine if I have if I had like 5
bitcoins right now if I had gotten into
it before like holy shit would have been
so good did I hate the last Jedi I
didn't watch it yet I'm not I'm not a
person that like goes out to movie
theaters in in Seattle I lived across
the street if you looked out the window
and you could kind of see around a
corner which you can't do with your
vision you would have been able to see
the movie theater like it was literally
a hundred steps from my house right and
I never wins I went like probably seven
times in the six years that I lived
there so like never and it was like a
real movie theater not like one of those
fucking movie theaters that play the old
old shit like six months after it came
out
you'll record a foreign video with me
like against my will or something I
think all of the new Star Wars movies
are kind of myth I know a lot of people
like like some of them like I liked a
rogue one better than what the fuck ever
the other one was called the episode
whatever what is it called
what's the Amazon position is that I
feel like that I that vaguely rings a
bell you'd have to like explain how that
works to me and I would tell you what my
opinion is on it but yeah force awakens
thank you yeah force awakens was like
just a circle jerk to people who really
liked episode 4 or 5 and 6 in my opinion
I was like I didn't really like that
much I hated how the old characters came
back it was really Frenchy to me and
kylos kind of a little bitch I don't
know my favorite black scene is a semi
new one with Samantha saying I also
watched one with like a tiny tittied
like platinum blonde last night and that
was pretty good she was okay so um she
was with she and her boyfriend we're
living with a roommate and and her
boyfriend and the roommates boyfriend
was a BB Steve and she was like really
annoyed with her like her boyfriend was
really annoyed they're constantly having
like really loud sex but she was like
super intrigued as to why like this BBC
and this roommate that only dates black
guys like why why are they so loud why
does this sound so good or whatever and
so like one day the fucking roommate was
at an audition and her boyfriend was at
work and she just like he comes out of
the shower and then they just go at it
it's pretty good it's like reverse
missionary that's reverse cowgirl right
oh you mean girl on top but like she's
laying I don't do missionary or I don't
do laying down rubbing bodies sex that
much anytime I have new sex with a guy a
guy will often just opt to do missionary
like the boring flat missionary where I
came and see the guy he's just like rub
like unless you're doing that kind of
like crazy jackhammering foreign style
type I don't like like passionate sex
where it's all about turning the lights
off or dimming the lights and feeling
each other's bodies like feeling each
other's bodies is cool but I would
rather have the visual and do like more
fun positions so ah best song - fuck -
you passenger by Deftones featuring
Maynard oh yeah PlayStation 100% the
dark souls remaster is correct
oh yeah I hate that it's coming out on
the switch - like I can't imagine like
it's not a switch user wanting to play
something like Dark Souls I feel like
it's not gonna sell very well but maybe
a best song to jack off - whatever the
fuck is in the background of the porn
you're watching for sure come on guys
let's get some good questions in here
not like the boring shit that everyone
asks for it's like how big is it
biggest think you've ever taken my ass
for that like every fucking night 9
inches think of something actually
innovative in a question like it Matt
okay put yourself in my position right
as like a hot blonde like a mainstream
attractive woman who is very open with
her sexuality and there's an open book
and will answer any question now imagine
the questions you're asking and how
fucking calm and they are like I answer
them every single video almost it's like
come on be more original you noticing
would you collab with Trisha Paytas what
would you do I definitely would collab
with Trisha as long as we got along and
I think we would
we've talked like a few times I always
like Oh DM her on Instagram any time I
see something about chicken nugget
basically and she'll sometimes reply
with like a lul or whatever so she seems
cool she seems interesting I like how
she's also blunt and ridiculous
like I am but we're also very different
come from different backgrounds all that
so I don't know like so any kind of
collab words like the telling crazy
stories or maybe like a would you rather
or
like we could take shots for oh we could
do that what's that game where I'm have
I never have I ever we could do that
that would be fun she would totally win
and I would totally be drunk oh wait no
she would be drunk off her ass and
probably die and I would win if winning
is not having done as much because you
know she's a little bit crazier than me
what is the weirdest thing I've ever
dreamed I had a keemstar sex cream once
first thing that pops into my head
I used the lucid dream when I was really
young um it was it was pretty great I
feel like I'm censoring this fucking
figure I don't want to there we go
that's better at least you can see most
of her oh it's my favorite figure now
good boy rubber tongue what stuff uh
what is the most interest that what is
the most interesting strappy bride ever
worn well as you can see this is
definitely my most interesting Stratton
bra the one I'm wearing right now most
overrated game of 2017 Pub G is that did
that come out in 2017 fucking overrated
everyone plays pubs or like a cod
fucking World War two anything that's
like a like a multiplayer online game
primarily I'm just like I would collab
what's the Ponte - I don't know what we
would do maybe she would like show me
how to be actually sophisticated because
that's like totally not my thing
she's like a wine drinker like a wine
drinker she's a fucking classy bitch if
you would start a new channel about
anything what would it be I could start
a new channel for my like bass playing
so a musician thing and I could also do
my flute and stuff that would be pretty
cool
but I don't see myself ever starting a
third channel I did have a third channel
I had a makeup channel and I just
neglected it because I only like doing
makeup on myself and I don't really
innovate that much I kind of just find
the perfect look what I consider to be
the perfect look and I just try to
do that every day fucking horse there we
go
what do you think of Vegas shitty
firstborn bid what is that what is way
what the fuck is way what can like I
look like a classy bitch today it's drew
would you rather meet rubber shit in
real life and have him be your slave for
real or is online worship more fun
definitely want to meet him and realize
definitely wish he lived here so I could
have him do a bunch of paths for me I
could have him be like my little bitch
boy on set when I films that would be so
much fun for sure what am I gonna grow
up and marry Jay oh yeah because getting
some fucking stupid and christian-based
contract is really growing up I'm gonna
fucking follow the good book of fucking
fairy tales and it's so important for me
to fucking marry well that that fucking
contractor man to be honest marrying
someone marriage in general it's just an
outdated tradition and if it has any
practical use in today's world it's for
contractually sticking together so you
can raise a kid and a good platonic nice
setting because single-parent households
have less money less fucking revenue to
raise a child if you don't have the
father figure and the mother figure to
kind of balance things out so that's
really the only reason to get married so
you promise that you won't leave but it
doesn't work anymore because everyone is
just getting a divorce and shit yeah I
love Nightwish well I don't love okay I
like Nightwish a lot but it's not like
my top 20 favorite bands uh yeah I think
that man's a bitch I like that man but I
also don't like that man
like everyone who has Batman as their
favorite superhero is like like his his
reason for being a superhero is so whiny
and silly I don't know
this is my favorite youtuber I don't
have like a super favorite youtuber I
always just say amazing atheist AKP J
Kirk just like one of the first people I
started watching and he entertains me
the most it's funny because I'm
diverging more and more from his like
political spectrum and his social
opinions and stuff I'm going much more
like right and a much more libertarian
than he is but he always cracks me up
he's hilarious I love it he's the
fucking edge Lord God man
where's your opinion on game ranks why i
watch like two of their videos a month
and is there like a controversy or
something what's going on I have no idea
I definitely I subscribe to them I think
one of the last ones I watched was a
recommend a recommended video about
something about The Witcher 3 years I do
watch South Park yet I used to like
Paramore I have like ten favorite pair
more songs that I have on my playlist I
never I don't remember the name but
there's there's like two sweet ones and
then like a few like of their heaviest
heaviest ones where's the best the
biggest facial you've ever had
I actually Instagram or not I
instagrammed if it got removed but on
Twitter I posted a decent it's like an
average cum shot that I get daily or
every other day you know
but the biggest I don't know there's a
lot Jay comes a lot very nice no one
that I've ever slept with comes as much
as Jay sometimes it's hard to tell how
much the guy comes because you know when
you're not when I'm not with Jay I'm
using a condom and unless I'm like
fucking someone who's really cool then
they don't do the whole I take the
condom off jerk it scored all over the
face fucking you know fun shit usually
the first sex with someone unless I've
been like super explicit with them and
like text messages and sexting there's
like kind of mess just like like I said
like missionary like boring shit do you
have snapchat no what movie am I looking
forward to I don't care what movies
really favorite brand or favorite red
liquid lipstick either NYX lime crime or
NYX or lime crime I think probably
fucking J mood and Melanie got me some
epic like Lime Crime flippy is recently
there's like a a bright red one that's
got like a shimmer to it really cool
with your limited experiences what is
your opinion of the modding community it
gave I have no experience with the
community all I know is you and you are
cool so good experiences I think they
cuz I I was also on was what's the one
for rock Rocksmith recently it's called
a customs Forge I use customs Forge and
then the Nexus what is it called
whatever Nexus the one you showed me I
use the whatever Nexus for stardew
valley and and skyrim and then for
Rocksmith I use custom sports and custom
sport it was really hard to figure out
how to download the songs and make them
work and now that they work they sound
like shit I don't understand like it ish
'le it sounds really good then I go into
the the song and it's just like BAM I'm
a man like my bass sounds retarded like
the emulated bass it's like really bad
and or like the tuning is bad I don't
know it's fucked or consulate how many
times did I do anal I literally have not
counted how many times I've done any
kind of sex act like that's the leak
come on
nobody fucking counts that shit nobody
like deathcore probably I like the
heaviest metal possible black metal
heavy metal fucking death metal but I
don't like John Rose I don't like trying
to be precise with my genres I just I'll
just tell you a band I like you know
no I haven't heard Night Court
God have you guys heard of dick and
pussy core mmm it's not porn
it's a fucking rock genre god just stop
with that you know what does this skill
you must want to learn in 2018 obviously
I want to be proficient as fuck with the
bass guitar I want to be like fucking
amazing you know would you would you do
if YouTube and patreon went bust I'm
assuming me and what would I do if all
types of platforms like that and it was
no longer a viable career option or even
hobby I would do twitch that would be a
full-time twitch streamer I don't want
to be a full-time twitch streamer
because playing games in front of bright
lights for that long will take away from
the playing games that I do off stream I
like to just interact with you guys play
games try out new games and then go and
play games like on the couch like you're
just laying there like comfortable and
playing with J and stuff and just
chillin and I really appreciate that
YouTube and twitch afford me the time to
do that because it's my favorite thing
in the world to do to just play my
favorite franchises and my the indie
games that I find out about on stream
and play them with day recently I'm
making J play Ori and the blind forest
now he loves it so much it's like
another hollow night to him and I
remember when I showed him hollow night
so I don't know I I would be a full-time
twitch streamer but I feel like it would
ruin a lot of what gaming is to me like
porn would you know like I don't want to
be a porn star because it would ruin sex
for me and it would make sex a job and
anything that turns into a job where I'm
doing it eight hours a day for a
specific reason in a specific way even
though I love creating content and stuff
I feel like I want to do four to
sometimes eight hour streams I don't
want to be forced to do eight hour
streams every single day I feel like it
would get really stressful to me
favorite old-time console is the SNES or
let's take a game here but that's a
handheld so turn up that counts you what
is for my left this is vice-president of
the vagina vagina of prison school from
prison school I forget her name Mike ooh
Michael Mike Oh Mike Oh okay yeah I
don't even know their real name i read
the manga and watch the whole series
don't know their names
no I don't have a boyfriend I
it depends I cannot say that I like
watching anime sub or dub I like subs
like okay if I had to choose for the
rest of my life to do either do sub or
dub I would use dub but um things like
like Dragon Ball Z it need to be dub
like Goku's voice Oh in Japanese is
fucking awful I think fuckin Helsing I
look hard I think he's better in English
I think that's all just better in
English but um food Wars attack on Titan
I don't think there is a dub for attack
on Titan but I really like Erin's
Japanese boys prison schools fine I like
prison school better Japanese so I like
the original Japanese in most cases but
sometimes it's cringy sometimes I can't
get over like the cringe enos like the
Japanese Ness of it maybe that'll go
away when I just do more and more
wiebe stuff i fingerpick my base
bum bum bum bum bum bum favorite male
porn star either Johnny sins or the one
dude from black with all the tattoos you
put a Jason something I don't know he
follows me on insta a lot of the blacks
guys followed me on Twitter it's funny
Oh Xavier best for you Peck in Street
Fighter or Mortal Kombat if you had
asked me when I was 12 or 15 - I would
have said a hundred percent Tekken
Tekken was my shit when I was younger
but um as I've gotten older I've fallen
more and more in love with of course
Shao Kahn Oh Oh Mortal Kombat definitely
Mortal Kombat now they used to be Tekken
I played Street Fighter but I loved
Tekken so much more as a kid I don't
know why I just like Ling Xiao Yu Tekken
that was my shit dude favorite horror
movie I don't know yeah it's hard for me
to get out of here I'm like actually
trapped in here otherwise I would go get
the base but I'm gonna practice a little
bit on Twitch after this so if you guys
want to watch me play base I haven't
practiced in like two days which is
crazy usually I'm practicing every day
even off stream
have you seen Celestia Vegas porn and if
so do you think it was good no I haven't
and I have no idea if it's amateurish I
probably won't like it I don't like
amateur porn at all other than that you
love my videos of YouTube Thank You Jax
official favorite car 57 Chevy white
fuckin wall red I actually have a model
of it in my gaming channel room it's on
the floor though because it's not gaming
related but it's like one of my favorite
figures ever so keeping that shit close
to me would you do a photo shoot for
Playboy if you were asked to I was asked
to three times or something when I was a
professional model and I turned him down
it's funny because I tested for Playboy
um in my hometown I tested for Playboy
with a photographer and we sent in the
pictures and at that point I really
wanted to do playboy like most younger
girls do where it's just like oh the
bragging rights that'll make me so
successful but it was a bad business
decision so I decided I didn't want to
test anymore I didn't want to try
anymore and I kind of backed out on that
is it a turn-on to know people
masturbates you not inherently know it's
not a turn-off either it's just a
neutral like thank you that's cool but
if I ever find out that someone
attractive as masturbating to me or like
specific hot girls or master that is hot
so it depends on the person and I'm sure
there are plenty of love guys out there
that are attractive enough for
masturbating and that's that's hot
that is hot but am i a dirty whore in
bed yeah I am Bobby star on Google Bobby
star for you guys oh this is a really
good jinx cosplay just too much tits
though I can't show you guys have
clothes because if I go here it'll go
flurry so yeah good jinx cosplay all
right what was it doing oh there's
another picture this is such a good jinx
cosplay do you like people shit talk so
much about like photoshopping but I I
loved glamorizing a photo I don't like
to nipping and tucking my entire body so
I don't even look like me or any anymore
or anything but the CG of the skin like
the softening of the skin but still like
faking a nice check texture of the skin
and just like a really glamorized photos
that is like my favorite fucking thing
it looks so fucking good to me oh my god
I love this G like I don't even like
jinx as a character but like holy shit
this is an insanely good fucking cosplay
dude all right what was it Bobby
they were bassists and band I don't have
a particular date basis that I like a
lot there's like a like I really love
some of the bass lines like money and
Pink Floyd and fucking some of the
Metallica bass lines are so good but
like I don't I don't like fangirl over
particular artists except Corey Taylor
except Corey Taylor
and all of Slipknot but not because of
their ok Cory Taylor's voice is amazing
but the rest of the band's musical
talents I don't care about I just want
them all the gangbang me and like full
outfit or whatever but yeah I don't know
fangirl over celebrities really ok ok
Bobby who probably forgot Bobby Lowe my
favorite anime series is probably attack
on Titan it used to be Dragon Ball Z
it's probably still Lister I don't know
dude I don't know it was a Bobby look
Bobby star ok I knew it was something
just generic Bobby star oh this chick
isn't my type dude I don't like natural
tits
I don't like hairy pussies I like super
fucking skinny girls or fit she got some
like saggy natural small boobs I'm not
into my favorite character to cosplay as
I don't really cosplay but the favorite
my favorite cosplay that I've ever done
is the Mario went for sure because I
created the idea I sewed it from scratch
I went to Joe ants and bought a bunch of
fabric and I wore it like three or four
times I really loved it
what is this xn video you're most proud
of
probably the porno okay so I was like 20
pounds heavier than now in that video
and I look retarded in that video but I
loved the message and I think it's rings
so truly people say like porn is so
toxic because it doesn't give you a good
representation of how women aren't real
life or how sex is in real life
oh my god it's ruining men oh my god
blah blah blah um and I talked about how
having realistic expectations of porn
just like people should have realistic
expectations of any media that's meant
to be entertainment I really like that
one because it's important and a lot of
people don't talk about it a lot of
people do the whole Laci green spiel
where it's like oh my god you know
fucking hell
you know what I mean
Elsa Jean isn't it it sounds like Elsa
whatever from the fuckin fuckin Disney
movie
Elsa jeans it's gonna turn into me just
looking up foreign stars and shit
Elsa Jean porn yeah it isn't Elsa Jean
the black bitch that I was telling you
guys about yeah I just watched her last
night right yeah she if she had she got
big tits she would be so perfect no this
isn't her nevermind I just saw her with
a BBC and she was skinny blonde I
thought also she's been in black but
this wasn't the blacks think guys going
black too calm and look for the girl
that I'm talking about she had long
platinum blonde hair and noted but she
this girl has a prettier face or is this
her I can't even tell okay I'm a tape it
tape an Elsa Jean black and see if
that's mean that I watched last night
yeah no this isn't her like she has a
cute like página the other girl had like
a like a long like too defined for my
taste
nose oh my god I love this picture
this is PG so it's okay to show I don't
know if you guys can see it but he's
just like holding her head and she's
fully clothed and she's like she's got
this like yeah I take fucking BBC look
at her face oh man she looks underage to
be honest like she looks underage didn't
like she's obviously not underaged way
yeah Nicole Aniston is in black and it
is a good thing it's my favorite scene
on the site you guys should check it out
really good fans are heaters who did you
yeah what exactly do you just like about
natural tits I like round pits the defy
gravity and natural tits are like floppy
fat bag I just don't like natural tip
it's it's completely fine if you like
natural taste I know like a lot of guys
either think they like natural tits or
they do like natural pits and that's
completely fine I like small natural tit
sometimes but big fake round stuff
defying gravity tits that's my shit
that's my shit girl boom find my number
oh oh and I would you live cam if
YouTube failed nope I would never do any
kind of sex scamming as it is right now
and I would never do it for money I
would only do it if I actually wanted to
and I can't see myself wanting to
obviously the world can change and stars
can align and maybe one day I will want
to do something like that but I can't
see myself wanting to do something like
that
Veronica vane you mean redhead
redemption yes I do I just recently got
into her videos I don't I don't watch
her porn I love her second hits though I
don't know why she hates them and her
YouTube video she talks about how much
she hates her like big stuck on tits or
whatever and it's crazy because they
look like they're like my sized hit but
since she has the like inverted clavicle
thing over the fuck they they look they
are actually eight hundred CCS minor six
hundred and fifty and they look like the
same size weird any porn stars you used
to watch that retired um
Jay and I used to really like Delta
white and then she got fat and started
camping and stopped doing high-quality
porn so I consider that retired um
excuse me who else um I didn't watch
porn when I was like young so there
aren't that many retired porn stars
shyla stylez was okay she got a little
thick at the end she's actually deceased
now all right Pete
what do you think of console cases and
skin you mean like full full-size
consoles like ps4 skins and stuff I've
never gotten them I just keep my shit
normal I don't know maybe if I had it in
the back of a stream or something and I
looked at it a lot I don't look at my my
ps4 or my fucking Wii U or anything much
it's just over there and I use it
where's my favorite game Yuma Super
Mario Brothers 3 on the All Starz
cartridge that's my favorite game of all
time I have a lot of favorite game ok
holy shit Shin Megami Tensei Nocturne
heavy rain god of war 3 Assassin's Creed
Brotherhood fucking hollow Knights so
many indie games oh my god stardew
valley type stuff anime boobs are right
here
what fetish do you think is the most
mainstream well it becomes not a fetish
once it's mainstream right I would think
beep because every like so many people
have a fetish with meat it's like the
most widespread fetish in them or asked
asked fetish probably a big ass fetish
I consider that a fetish because to me
that's like what the fuck when you see
what like like I don't even like Aletta
oceans fake ass she has such a nice
natural ass it was like perky and round
and fit looking and it matched her body
and then everything else on her got
better like Bert hurt attention to
detail in her aesthetic like it kind of
mirrors my own like she's always like
doing little tweaks and things that
she's just like yeah it's called betta
it's gold to betta I like her a lot but
the ass why like whatever I didn't go to
CES cuz I didn't realize that it was
like now I'm like buck if they're a porn
category porn star you have to be a like
a legit for all right you can't be like
a amateur shit my ass isn't fake no no
gir I like Dylan Harper that sounds
familiar
I'm not good with names of like things
I'm not gonna with like remembering
stuff in general J is really bad at
names but I'm bad at remembering stuff
I've never seen what are we asking Dylan
Harper's a chick calm down not hung Oh
hurts let's look okay if we're asking
you better tip her body's nice it's so
few and far between that a girl has not
a cup and they remain
fuckin perky it looks like she got it
maybe not but there's like a fat
transfer you can do to your tits that's
rarely done because it's temporary and
it doesn't like fold that well but it
almost looks like she has a bit of
symmastia in the middle the mastiha is
where you don't have the line of
cleavage they just kind of meld together
a little bit I don't know it looks
almost like pecks turn into boobs or
something but they look good they just
like there's something weird do you plan
on altering your body anymore than it is
now
I want a constant journey for the
perfect that perfect aesthetic of lips
but it's just slight alterations and
like making things more symmetrical and
right now I'm waiting for this side of
my lip to go down so I can make I want
to concentrate more in the middle but I
know like big alterations with my lips
anymore I'm just maintaining from here
on out I'm also maintaining that Botox a
little bit in the right here this time I
got Botox up here as well and in my
crow's feet or whatever but my surgeon
is really good like look how much
movement I have without any wrinkles
like I'm fully in the Botox mode now
it's been like three or four days but um
it looks really like there's no actual
wrinkles but I can still in though I
like that a lot
I was afraid because I've had so many
friends get like droopy brow and stuff
but my brows are actually like I feel
like I have a mini facelift or whatever
now I'm just gonna it feels really good
but um as for alterations to my body I'm
focusing on Fitness right now so I'm not
really interested in altering my body
anymore right now maybe after I get the
fitness thing taken care of and I got
like that perfect physique I'll work on
I want to get another nose job because
my nostrils are on Cuban but it's
because I had a nose ring and there's
like scar tissue from my nose ring like
worse
yad have I seen any of Shannon's porno
Shannon isn't attractive to me really I
don't know like sometimes she looks kind
of attractive but like even when she was
younger like first of all I didn't like
her boobs but even when she was younger
she looks kind of like a legit milk to
me like she looked older I don't know
she can be pretty sometimes don't get me
wrong but just not really my type
I've already gotten a nose job actually
don't tell me what to do thing my
favorite Pokemon is goodra yours new
favorite Pokemon is Mew I don't do I
don't do uh beyond like second gen
mostly just first gen I like milf porn
because that's where you get the big
fake tits and stuff but most of the porn
stars are watching like in their 20 you
know they're not Mills I think the
oldest porn star I really like is Nikki
Ben have you watched awesome games done
quick I haven't Gengar is your favorite
I want to get a gengar plushie I saw
this gigantic it was like this big
Gengar plushie and I was like yes then I
didn't get it who's like 70 bucks it was
an affair you know how sometimes that
like state fairs they have the like the
Japanese import booth I don't know why
that happens at least it happened in
Seattle that place was my favorite get
all the Japanese import show my left tit
oh that's all you get
that's all you get when I fuck a black
girl yes the girl and most recently made
out is I think what's a black girl
I don't think she was a black girl I
think it was the most recent girl good
Asian girls besides a sec here I have no
idea they don't exist if you like it
like really disgusting huge fake boobs
Hitomi Tanaka is good just such a pretty
face why does she have such saggy nasty
tits I can't stand her tits oh my god
when I steal it just like it's the
fucking sloughing off of her that's why
I hate big fake boobs
they're almost never like defying
gravity in any way that looks anything
good ever why haven't you used of course
that's to gain weight what what that is
a dumb question I think you mean lose
weight I would course that train if I
got down to my ideal body weight and I
realized that my hip the waist
proportions weren't good but when I'm
like a hundred and twelve pounds my
waist is 23 inches so I have a really
small waist already and when when you
scrunch the waist when you have a less
wide waist from the front it makes you
wider from the side because the organs
and the bones and stuff they have to go
somewhere and I don't really like the
whole like wider from the side look I
liked how like then I was on the side I
liked being like super slender from the
side so I like my body shape I don't
think I would use a course that for
anything
I really have a favorite Rolling Stone
song I'm not a huge fan of the Rolling
Stones
though this one applied for another ten
plus years now do you think there is the
point where the modified version or your
parents will look grossly fake I don't
think I don't think there's anything
wrong with looking fake but looking
gross in general like I'll just be the
hottest old person like I think Joan
Rivers looks infinitely better than she
would have had she not touched herself
with plastic surgery also the plastic
surgery I have now will only make me
look younger it's never gonna become
fake like it's just I'll have less
wrinkles when I'm older I'll have bigger
lips when I'm older when they start to
get smaller like it doesn't make any
sense to say like oh my nose is smaller
so when I'm older it's now gonna look
grossly fake that doesn't make any sense
if you continue to get like facelift or
like cheek implants or something then
yeah you're gonna start looking a little
weird but that doesn't apply to anything
I've ever done or will do in the future
and I think it's pretty silly to like
think that that's how it works like oh
you're preventing wrinkles now so later
you're gonna look like you have a
facelifted weird face that's not how it
works
favorite fan service Friday it used to
be the one that got my second strike on
YouTube but now it's the one I did this
week I love the one I did this week I
got this camera back I suppose like
super high quality and it's like um
three different sets of fishnet filmed
from the bottom so my ass looks like
really round and awesome and I'm just
like moving my butt you know you guys
should check it out I am doing
preventative Botox that's what it is
basically the only reason aside from
prevent preventative Botox the only
reason I get it is because when I go
like this this okay so I don't have any
cartilage right here this is actually my
nose actually goes but it looks still
perfectly straight down as long as I
didn't like move up my brows to look
worried or whatever but when I get Botox
it doesn't it doesn't do that so my nose
always looks perfectly straight down and
I really like that I don't do the weird
thing when I want to make faces and
stuff when did you first have work done
on yourself I was 18 and I got thick
titties oh yeah
have you ever watched Full Metal
Alchemist Brotherhood I haven't watched
any Full Metal Alchemist anything that's
on my list of things I want to watch for
sure
that's one punch man there's like so
much anime I want to watch you guys like
I'm gonna level with you I'm an anime
addict fuck now has any Hawkgirl ever
turned you down um there was this girl
who was over with when I was with Toby
and we were laying watching a movie some
fucking god-awful movie I couldn't even
pay attention and Toby started making
the moves on her and then I started
making the moves on her and she like
kind of pushed me away and it was like
clear that she wanted to like mess
around with Toby maybe but not while I
was there and I was like bad days but
yeah I think that's it i don't really
like hit on girls that i don't know are
like it's me already or whatever how do
that none of the above lisa because i
don't know you look like or if you're
even a girl would you ever try chinese
medicine like cupping or acupuncture
yeah i would especially things like
acupuncture i don't know about cupping I
haven't read too much into it but
acupuncture actually has some kind of
like scientific truth to it a lot of the
times the the holistic Chinese medicine
shit it's just kind of like stuff they
tried that doesn't have any proof or any
real benefits or whatever but yeah I
would definitely try acupuncture chip
any plans for for in our case tubs I
have no idea I mean I got to do
something crazy but I have no idea I
haven't even finished my second 300 K
sub video because it takes so much
fucking work
when I started my youtube career what do
they think I was posting my twitch
streams on YouTube I was which streamer
before I was on YouTube
I was just posting them to YouTube and I
was also posting like modeling crap and
like pointless era videos which were
like super fringe and I don't consider
that starting my career but when I
started the blog channel the second
channel I uh I did it because Toby was
doing it and he seemed to be having fun
and doing daily vlogs so I'm like bucket
let's try it maybe there'll be some
interest and then it's just like blew up
and it became something like totally
different than it initially started and
I'm really happy with it so I'm glad I
did it I thought that no one was gonna
watch it I thought it was gonna be
pointless and I thought I was just gonna
be spewing my fucking ideologies to no
one and just having fun creating content
for no one but I thought it would be fun
last time I had sex yesterday
have you played Magic the Gathering
lately and do you like the exelon cards
no I haven't played so I don't know you
do more I've never done a jumping jacks
video or swap video wrong person dude
you don't know like on patreon everyone
hates the pasties like I got a comment
last week that was like I used to really
love pasties but you killed it for me or
something like that I'm like pasties are
my way of being as nude as possible
without being super covered up because
I'm worried about my tits coming out and
I'm not doing nude shit for the $1 tier
you know can I get the coin basic town
bonus if I already have an account I
don't think so I think you would have to
create another account
one to ten how much you like sex
11 sex is the best Joseph Kahn short
film about the power of Rangers or by
the Power Rangers I feel like I have
seen that was it like five years ago no
I do like nude sexting type simulation
for the $50 here oh yeah I'm on twitch
and YouTube for video stuff and content
creation yeah only twitch in YouTube
yeah send me your magic cards dude you
might send me like a gem that's worth a
lot and then I can like make some modern
legacy decks and shit haha oh yeah if
you have to chance to propose someone
who will be you go you belong on shit
tears i Rotarians becomin i haven't
watched any of her porn I watched her
react to her born intros it was a little
bit of a turn-off that she was so like
disgusted by the guy in that video like
disgusted by what she did or whatever I
don't drive I have like my old first car
but I don't drive if you had to peg a
hair metal singer with your bass who
would it be
oh that's a unique question holy shit
this Freddie Mercury count feel like oh
I wouldn't peg Freddie Mercury dude is
it fun are you having fun with it I hope
you're having fun with it
Rocksmith this is a shit dude as long as
you know how to govern your own learning
experience it's a really good way to
learn you still should learn like proper
fingering and make sure you play all the
lessons and stuff and take it slow if
you have to sometimes just practice the
fingering on something that you've been
working on without like listening to
Rocksmith because the fact that it's on
a timeline where it's like it's moving
even when you do it really slow it can
be kind of hard to learn that way I've
had to like tailor it from my experience
I like Nicolette Shay I just hate her
ass
I fucking hate big fat ass like I like I
like a medium ass I like a kinda bigot
but fake-looking like just Brant
I don't like it I don't know but I mean
ask my shit a parry paper that sounds
like some kind of fucking nursery rhyme
very Viper porn fairy Piper picked a
peck of pickled penises dude
she is too like her body shape isn't
feminine at all like having that wide
waist and those like stick legs like I'm
fine with stick legs or like really
skinny girls as long as their waist
aren't like wide like a dude it looks
like a transgendered like a transgender
who had fat displacement into their tits
and her face isn't that great either
what the fuck this picture of her and
Nicolette Shay is hilarious Nicolette
she is like a fucking Amazon compared to
her it looks like a giant test girl is
holding a tiny girl that's hilarious
oh my god guys type in type in Perry
Piper porn and then scroll down like ten
pictures and there's a picture of her
like completely pale is being held up by
Nick Lachey like a giant s so funny
you know there are a lot of black girls
that naturally have like pretty skinny
fucking legs and big asses I actually
like looking at that shit like um I was
in where was it recently where did I go
I don't go anywhere
must have been like a grocery store or
something but there was like this black
chick with these thick legs and she was
like looked barely 18 or something so
she did there's no way she got like a
fake ass but she had this like huge fake
ass and these like nice tiny toned legs
and I was like that's hot you know
understand
Hellsing Ultimate is good while it's
backtracking helsing but afterward it's
just fucking weird watch my new fucking
favorites video my second-to-last video
that are created I make fun of Helsing
ultimate ah don't ask me if you can give
a mess and just give a message yeah it's
like a sometimes they have like a narrow
ish hip and then like a huge fat ass and
then really skinny legs and it's like a
natural phenomenon and African American
chicks or African chicks like it's like
an African thing I don't think it's like
a Ethiopian girls often have it like
Ethiopian girls and what's the other
like kind of similar to Ethiopia where
they also wear the headdress is often
for their culture but uh those two like
ethnicities mm-hmm again they got the
asses off and fuck marry kill brycie
blair white ducky pre baby pretty baby
I'm not gonna kill ducky even post baby
she's like one of my favorite okay so I
wouldn't marry Bracey
I would fuck ducky and I would kill
Blaire white layer white is not nearly
as attractive as the other two even
though she's got that dick it doesn't
make up for you know everything else I
would fuck the shit out of Blaire white
though don't get from I would definitely
I'm so jealous that she had fucking
juking on her channel I'm like Oh Jew
King will do another like ridiculous
youtuber who speaks the way more valley
girl than I do
he'll go on her show just because she's
a transgender please go online YouTube
Joe I wouldn't be able to I wouldn't be
able to hold my own against the Ben
Shapiro
because I would just be like uh-huh
uh-huh yeah I I don't fangirl over
people but I would be like just a rat I
was just bug yet aroused
I would I would on our 10th meeting I
would probably be able to do some good
ass shit you know I'm saying you know
I'm not gonna get married uh what made
you choose to learn a bass guitar over
regular guitar bass is what makes metal
heavy it's what it's the foundation of
the song kind of just like drums but way
cooler all right the big strings big
everything it's just like the bigger
cooler manlier version and I think it's
really hot and also really interesting
to play it as someone who's smaller
who's female like she's like bro normal
like it feels more masculine and it's
just the best part of any metal song
honestly not any metal song there's some
really good fucking regular guitar solos
but you know what I mean when I hear a
nice fucking bass riff in the background
I'm like all over my the songs I can
play on the bass go far I can play some
nights by fun which is like the easiest
song ever and then the first easiest
song ever that's the second easy song
everything I can play pour some sugar on
me buy a fucking Def Leppard I can play
the whatever mary-jane one more night
Mary Jane dun dun dun it's not done that
Tom Petty song and then I can also play
Weezer say it ain't so
Weezer saying so is the most fun because
you go boom boom boom boom boom boom but
it's like it's fun I like playing the
bass Matt Baume
I just want to fuck someone named Ben
seriously
Benedict Cumberbatch and Ben Affleck and
Ben Shapiro fuck them all I don't have a
favorite song
I can't imagine narrowing down all of
the songs that I've enjoyed like I have
a for the time a favorite song I don't
know
my favorite song right now is probably
ashes by white comic that was my
favorite song like a year ago
um and then now it's my favorite song
again because I associate it with uh
with attack on Titan for some reason I
watched attack on Titan when I first
heard it and then it's got like a talk
on Titan II kind of you know message
maybe I don't know what if Ben Shapiro
asked you to marry him I mean he's
already married okay in an alternate
universe I would do it yeah I would do
it if Jay didn't exist and his wife
didn't exist and yeah I could see myself
marrying someone like that who's
intellectually stimulating but not
attractive that's like my other if I
can't have the perfect man if I can't
have my Jay my Jay person I would either
choose like a super buff super
physically perfect meathead who while
not that intelligence and make me laugh
and I can teach him about games like he
might not be that nerdy and he might not
be that intelligent but he would be open
to you know being protective of me and
seeing us as kind of like equals and I
could teach him stuff like or I would
get the not so physically attractive but
still like passing there's still
something physically attractive about
him like nerdy dude who's just like a
god like um the best version of this
isn't of Ben Shapiro its Hank green Hank
green is a guy I could see myself
marrying for sure I think you guys know
who he is he does like he has YouTube a
YouTube channel but it's like a more
professional YouTube channels that
doesn't feel like a YouTube it doesn't
feel like a youtuber
what is the best tip for great sex
communication 100% I'm a sapiosexual
fuck is that the link I'll fuck any Homo
Sapien or any sapien this bond feels so
loose I'm gonna fuck it up I'm a fuckup
this bun this bun dough this loves me
porn is that like incest porn
I don't watch incest porn unless it's a
mom and daughter or step mom and
daughter type thing there was sexual
routine I have a sexual timing routine
often but it's not strict like sometimes
I'll just fuck random but usually after
I'm done with work for the day and like
right after I'm streaming or finishing
editing videos or finishing making a
video
I fucking love hate fucking I don't get
to do it off and because I don't hate
anyone I fuck but I would love to hate
fuck there we go
they were Game of Thrones character Khal
Drogo easy easy
second is Daenerys of course Danny
you don't people either abbreviate or
shorten I just stop oh my God look at
all this like short fucked-up hair ever
since I moved to Vegas man I have a
humidifier now I have a fucking shower
filter I I'm like fucking dowsing myself
and in lotion I am a tropical creature
from Seattle where the humidity is often
90% and here it's like 30 or less and so
I'm like I'm dying a bitch is thirsty a
bitch is fucking thirsty when I first
came here I had to have a full bottle of
water for filming videos okay so the
video filming takes anywhere from 20 to
40 minutes right 20 minutes to an hour
sometimes an hour and I would have to
have a full bottle of water and I'm like
in between every cut where I would like
cut the video I'm like oh my god like
what is wrong with me my skin is melting
off its like flaking off but now I'm a
little bit better I'm a little bit
better brown or brown
you can't afford tickets for me to
Australia but I would love to go to
Australia one day dude I am this guy I
fucked before he was telling me about
how he backpacked through Australia and
it was like the most liberal place ever
not like the gay version like literally
the definition of the word liberal we're
like people and but now it seems like
it's so sgw like oh my god I used to
hear about like yeah sexually like so
many girls in Australia because the
girls were just like yeah fuck it let's
do it you know open free sexuality
awesome stuff you know you do you and
everything and now it seems like it's
super like I don't know you were in
Vegas last week what the fuck
sup hey Zeus some of you guys might know
hey Zeus you watched my older blogs he
was like the only person I would ever
smoke weed with oh man I miss fucking
Seattle magic man
Seattle magic is the shit I don't think
the community down here is strong at all
fuck yeah Vegas is like this awful dry
heat like Seattle gets really hot in the
summer but Vegas is leg you walk outside
and your skin is literally burning off
not like oh I ain't got you know skin
cancer burn oh my god my skin's feeling
but like it literally feels like it's
burning holy shit I've ever gone exposed
what the fuck does that mean what do you
think about the nerdy girls stereotype
you mean like the fake nerds I've never
heard of like a nerdy girl stereotype
apparently champion veigar vigor tiny
master of evil I have not even attempted
money on the base yet no I really I
really want to just be able to do it
like boom boom boom boom oh I'm gonna
I'm gonna record it like for my dad my
dad is the one that got me into pink
floyd when i was younger
thank him bless his soul if I were
Christian I've ever been in the Pacific
me like the ocean being being a lipped
art is not good progressive these days
is regressive dudes like being a
libertarians were at that high five dude
all the good things about being a
liberal without all the bad agenda
bullshit that slurping sound is hot
there you go there you go
was the best thing I've ever done
the fuck like the best single thing
seeing Eve on the side of the road and
deciding to stop and pick her up best
thing I've ever done
where's that bit Eve Eve
I can't believe I have such a cool story
about how I got my cat food like so
fucking cute and sweet and amazing
oh is that money for nothing and chicks
for free I love that song or is that a
different song I don't know what band
what the name of the band is like a lot
of the stuff I I started liking from my
parents when I was younger I don't know
like fucking names of the bands I just
know that I like Bob Seger foreigner Tom
Petty and a bunch of like lighter stuff
that my mom liked yeah I love that song
you like Kingdom Hearts I'm pretty
pretty on the fence about Kingdom Hearts
it's fun to play but I don't like the
whole Disney fiying of like Final
Fantasy shit love Black Sabbath yes
we're aware like puck holding not really
I mean like I made a whole video about
Kirk holding if you wanna watch it yeah
I know markiplier is not a fan doesn't
he Bruno Mars knows no that's that genre
not my shit the closest to modern music
that I like the closest to like
mainstream modern music I like is
dubstep thumb dubstep like some Skrillex
favourite Capri Sun flavor kiwi
strawberry everything if there is a kiwi
strawberry I think there is I might be
thinking about the Snapple kiwi
strawberry that's like my favorite drink
ever
I agree Ally I love my little black
kitty where's my black pussy
where's my black pussy I don't know
where she is I had to kill all consoles
and only keep one which would you keep
PC I keep my piss for probably over the
PC well as long as I can have a PC for
other stuff like you know oh shit
like I need my PC you know I'm saying
good I am over I've over 550 games now
on Steam a lot of motherfucking games I
have a ps3 I have a ps2 and a ps1 as
well I don't think the ps3 is better the
ps3 might have a like a lot of really
good game Oh John I went to Boston when
I got back to town a black he adopted
I found Eve like a month before I was
moving out of Seattle it's crazy and I
was like I don't know if I should keep
her I don't know if I have the time to
devote to her like the whole house is
just an explosion of boxes and stuff and
she's a tiny kitten I was like I was
really thinking about good friend of
hers like I was really thinking about
giving her up I was thinking people will
adopt the kitten she's six weeks old
she's fucking adorable she just Maria
shit she's not like one of the
short-haired cats and I knew someone
would adopt her and she would get a
living home but dubbed as killer gaming
welcome to the channel oh how much was
it to save to save you pussy
uh-oh okay take off the jacket no I
would read like just wearing this thing
and I feel like I would abandon if she's
missing she's gone she's probably
sleeping behind my computer I fucking
brought the cat tree over her she'll
come eventually the house is so big she
can probably barely hear me I don't add
people a Playstation are you sharing a
couch a it was really annoying because
like Jay was like yeah let's make
separate accounts through your
achievement through yours and my
achievements are mine and I'm like cool
bro and then I've got too lazy to switch
accounts so I'm like you know let's just
consolidate this and this is our fucking
PlayStation we don't play it separately
anyway so why not actually I have two
ps4 so there's one hooked up to my
computer and the capture card i've never
streamed anything I have my ps3 and my
ps4 hooked up to my computer and then I
have my ps4 Pro out here
of course I'm keeping I'm not getting
rid of her now she's like fucking seven
months old now or nine months old she's
nine months old now
damn girl getting old Eve I'm talking to
Eve okay but I was thinking am I alone
and saying I prefer to buy games from
the store instead of downloading them Oh
hundred percent I don't care if I go to
the store for them but they have two
hard copies 100% unless I really need to
play a game right now but it's totally
not my favorite franchise or something
then I'm fine with downloading it but I
love having the physical copies like
collector's editions like oh that's my
shit I'm this I'm showing my age or
something here but I like having real
games over a fake game you don't sit my
cat's black my cat is african-american
my favorite anime character
this is gonna be purely based on sexual
attraction but her win Smith commander
Erwin Smith hack on type do what I
consider going to a country in Southeast
Asia are we not what's the next big game
you plan on playing on Twitch I need to
finish fractured but whole and I want to
finish Pillars of the Earth I want to do
all of the choices that Jade didn't do
in Pillars of the Earth cuz it's really
fucking cool you know I'm saying where
do I plan to be in five years same same
but better always same but better I do
like blackmetal mirai nikki
farewell future diary is a Japanese
manga series is that what you're talking
about it depicts a battle royale in
which each combatant has a diary with
entries from the from the future
interesting
she's got pink hair oh yes future diary
is such a good mind fuck okay future
Diaries on my lid you want me to say
penis or whore you want me just afford
sorry no I'm not gonna say whore I mixed
it I mixed up Cordova with Buda zombie
genre is overdone and I'm not like a
huge fan unless you're talking like
Night of the Living Dead or something
what do I like in porn that I won't do
in real life
I don't know there are things that I
feel like might be a little difficult to
do in real life like getting triple
penetration or something but there's
nothing that I absolutely wouldn't do
but I like watching you fuck you with a
yugioh collection ass bullshit no girl I
fucking hate Digimon ah you know this
you know this girl all right
I'm fucking I'm fatiguing I should
probably go play some bass so first I'm
gonna try these outfits on for you guys
but I'm gonna go to you first because I
really LP so I'm gonna try these onesies
on and then I'm gonna get off the dreams
okay here's one of them okay we're gonna
try these onesies on together I'm gonna
have to change my setup real quick for
it and then I'm gonna stream on twitch
twitch TV slashed hair Babcock but I'm
not gonna stream too long cuz I don't
know these last like three days I've
been fatigued for no reason I don't know
if ps4 pros worth the upgrade mine has
like a bigger hard drive it has like an
SSD I think doesn't have an SSD yeah I
think it does and it has a quicker hard
drive no but okay so the reason I bought
a PS pro ps4 Pro is because I was
playing Witcher 3 and there was like it
was like a really long loading screen
and link it was kind of felt ghetto I
don't know it felt like I was playing on
an old console or using an old iPhone or
something but um I don't know dude I
don't know if it's worth it I have two
PS fours and that's pretty cool so I
guess that's worth it if you're tight on
money it's not a huge upgrade I'll say
that
all right let me move this over here all
right I'll be right back I'm gonna go
pee I'm gonna put these on or I'm gonna
put one of these on and then I'll move
the camera around so you guys can see oh
thank you guys so much for watching by
the way if you guys can't hear me
because I move stuff thank you I really
appreciate everything I appreciate you
guys watching this asking me questions
any super tats I I fucking love you guys
and sending me things that's like the
cooler you guys are amazing you're beat
all right guys I'm moving this up hold
on
all right
oh this was hard to do this was hard to
do okay I'm only gonna put on this one
and then the other one I'll do for
Instagram I'll take some pictures or
something cuz oh that was annoying to do
I'll see you guys get to see my profile
now oh I went too far there we go
there's my profile oh yes thank you guys
so much for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow well I'll see you guys on
stream on Twitch cuz I want to fucking
play some bass tonight I love you guys
so much
hmm I'll see you guys next week I might
not do it live next week honestly but I
really appreciate you guys don't watch
you guys are amazing
I'll see you guys on Twitch
