so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
I'm sitting here thinking like trying to
think of something that I can talk about
I just did a video that I wasn't gonna
do today it was the one about a J and my
relationship and it's so weird because
now I just want to record more videos I
don't know why I feel like I did the I
did the topic justice but I also I
realized now why I didn't want to do
that video so badly or why I felt like
it would be I don't know like I was
worried about the reception i I never
it's a very foreign feeling to me and I
know I'm like a purple alienness because
the light is blue right now and I don't
have my phone with me so it's just gonna
be blue but um I don't I don't usually
I'm not I'm it's for it's a foreign
feeling just like this light color - to
care what other people in the comments
think but um I feel like when it comes
to J I'm very protective as you can see
in that I called J sister a bitch video
and I really hate it when people
insinuate that he's a cuckold
which is kind of just silly so that
one's not that bad but like I hate it
when they assumed that he's some kind of
asshole that's like instilling some kind
of patriarchal idea in my head one like
I am so much happier now and it's not
because I'm forced to be happy I hated
how emotionally driven I was in like a
very negative way everyone who knew me
when I was younger can attest to times
where I've thrown temper tantrums just
because I either don't get my way or I'm
not feeling up to like there were times
like it was so stupid and this is gonna
be a really personal video so I don't
know if it's going on patreon or on
YouTube it's gonna be a rambling video -
usually personal is fine but personal
and rambly usually goes to patreon
because it's just usually people don't
want to see these videos but maybe I'll
upload it um I there were times when
like I would do makeup and I would not
like the way that I looked that day and
I was a teenager at this time and I had
to go somewhere with my parents and my
parents had a huge problem with me
taking longer than I was going to to do
makeup and like I would like put on my
false eyelashes and they would be like
off-centered or weird looking or
I wouldn't look as pretty that day and
that would like throw off my whole day
and now it's like so illogical to me
that that would be the case and I don't
know why I didn't love myself as much as
I do now back then because the time the
change the tide that came and wiped all
of that away for me wasn't when I got
plastic surgery for the first time I was
all natural at this point it came when I
realized all of the things that I liked
about myself and the fact that I liked
myself on the inside like I had to like
myself on the inside it felt felt like
to deal with any emotional strife I had
on the outside it was very weird the
first I liked the first thing I started
liking was the fact that I was working
out and improving my body I started Lila
I fell in love with my body even when it
was bigger like before I made any
progress just realizing all the
strengths that I had all of the like the
fact that my waist is smaller than my
hips and I have a nice hourglass shape
except for I didn't have boobs back then
but whatever you know what I mean like
mice waist was small and then my hips
were vague and I liked my round but my
bubble but as everyone always has called
me I liked my thick thighs because they
were strong and I could you know run
longer and I got addicted to running and
I got addicted to improving myself not
necessarily addicted I know people are
gonna take my words wrong and I don't
really care what you think of my
lifestyle because I'm happy and I know
that it's right for me as I said in the
video about Jay and my relationship from
I just I found out how much I loved
myself by looking and looking at myself
in an intersectional way where it was
like why am i caring about all this it's
because I'm allowing all of my negative
emotions like if someone wronged me that
day or someone made me matter someone
made me sad I would look in the mirror
and that would reflect on how I looked
at myself it was very weird so like when
I give when I give suggestions to people
on how they can boost their confidence
the only thing I can really ever say is
to just find ways you can improve find
things that you can't improve and that
you think is morally sound to improve
like some of you don't like plastic
surgery that's why I say it that way
don't always resort like you should
never ever resort to plastic surgery if
you are not okay in the head if you feel
like you if you like the way I used to
be a little bit like if the way you look
ruins your day don't get plastic surgery
it's not outside that you need to fix
it's on the inside and I only ever
thought of like seriously getting
plastic surgery and feeling like I was
psychologically ready to do something
like that when I realized that it was
just my love for aesthetics and my love
for art and my love for improving myself
that made me want to do it not the fact
that I wanted to look better for other
people or I wanted people to not see me
in a certain light and that also took
away all of the like any little remnants
I had of giving a shit what people
thought of me that also went away
because I was improving myself in the
way that I wanted to I was looking at
the way that I want to I had the
intellect that I wanted the information
about things that I want in my head like
I was learning about psychology at the
first in the beginning there and I was
learning about how the body works how
many calories you need to lose to lose a
pound of fat like all of these things
that I was learning while I was going to
Community College while I was in high
school like that was a turning point for
me and it boosted my confidence so much
to just love the fact that I was so
unique like I had this big mole a lot of
you guys don't know this because I got
rid of it before I even started
youtubing but I had like a huge mole
here like it was like we're not it kind
of looks like a like of a freckle that
really bumpy it wasn't like a like a big
circle or like a beauty mark or anything
it was like a bump that I tried to hide
with AG lip liner and I and I hated it
at first and then when I met JJ helped
me so much with feeling better about
myself not because he thought I was so
hot many men have thought I thought that
had a thought I thought have thought I
was thought before that but because like
you made me say that that made me unique
and we always used to joke that that
kept me human because he thought I was
so hot and like so good-looking and he
loved my nose before I loved my nose
when I had a problem with my nose and
you know he loved the fact that my butt
crack came out of my jeans because I had
a bubble button all that stuff in school
he would like look at that and it was
like hot to him or whatever and it
wasn't really him being so nice to me
because you know boyfriends have been
nice to me before guys liked sleeping
with me it was like you know fuck guys
like sleeping with everyone though so
the fact that a guy might call me pretty
it doesn't boost my ego it doesn't make
me feel better about myself it's a nice
gesture and I do appreciate it and it is
nice that people find me attractive so
that I can find mates to have sex with
because I do like
but it's not about that it's about
showing me a different side of things
and I talked about this a little bit
recently um I was eating I got a
sandwich I'm really a picky eater like a
fucking immensely picky eater and I get
angry who and someone fucks up my shit
right so they like completely fucked up
my shit and there was no way for me to
complain because I wasn't actually
eating there it was like a delivery
thing and um J I was just like open your
minds and I'm like God perspective and
then I actually enjoyed the taste of the
like weird onion shit that was in my
sandwich and I I was like oh that's kind
of minty it's kind of like a mint and it
wasn't that bad anymore because
everything is about perspective it's
basically what I'm saying and you guys
can think I'm psychotic all you want or
think that there's something wrong with
me or you know whatever the fuck I love
it when people try to psychoanalyze me
it's very interesting because
psychoanalysis is kind of like an
antiquated antiquated thing in
psychology people don't really use it
anymore because psychology is more
fact-based and more there are better
ways to analyze someone in
psychoanalysis and then the fact that
there are people on the internet trying
to psychoanalyze me who have never even
met me or don't know the inner workings
of my head have never had a session with
me or got to have gotten to observe me
where I'm like completely just being
myself in my own habitat or anything and
then they try to tell me it's like it's
like almost buzzwords you know it's like
oh girls who are open with their
sexuality girls who get plastic surgery
they must be fucked up in the head did
you have sex with your uncle and for the
record I've never had any molestation
issues especially not in my family I did
have that one almost molested story with
my boyfriend when I was like 14 or
something his stepdad I don't know I'll
link that in the description if I
remember but um I was strong enough as a
person and had this draw strong enough
sense of self to say no to not just let
things happen and I hate it it's hard
for me too I'm not just going all over
the place but I really like the way that
I'm talking right now I really like how
I'm just laying in almost darkness just
you know talking I don't know uh it
almost bothers me it's hard for me to
see perspective from another from
someone who's not strong side like when
I watch the videos about like Sam pepper
and how he raped girls are like I watch
a girl's testimony
how he raped her whatever and she
explains it like I laughed because it
was an awkward situation
I didn't explicitly say no and I don't
remember who it was just Sam pepper so
if you're thinking of a particular video
I'm not I'm thinking of like the general
consensus from a lot of women who didn't
report rape or who weren't strong enough
to just say no outright and then they
claimed rape like that's why it bothers
me so much because you can't blame
ambiguous things like laughing or saying
like it
no on someone else not understanding
these nuance to little things that
you're doing like and it sucks because
men are like afraid to choke me and
stuff because they think that I might
hold that against them later because I'm
some kind of terrible like feminist just
trying to trap men and as much as these
girls are probably hurting and as I
talked about don't you know compare
hardships and stuff like that and don't
try to understand don't try to act like
you know and understand someone else's
perspective they had something horrible
happen to them and it doesn't matter if
it actually was in a vacuum horrible it
just matters how they feel but it
bothers me a little bit as someone who
can say no as someone who has the self
respect and always has even when I was a
little bit insecure or when I was
unhappy with certain aspects of my life
I've always been able to you know get
things that I deserved I've never
someone fucked me over I didn't feel
like it was my fault I don't have a
victim complex so it bothers me when
people do you know I don't know how we
got to this and I don't know what the
fuck is going on I just wanted to talk
to you guys and yeah so in a nutshell it
bothers me when people talk shit about
someone I care about and the person I
care about most in life overall no
matter what is J so when I make videos
that might you know someone might
construe as J taking advantage of me or
something on one level it's kind of
ridiculous because obviously I'm strong
enough to know what's going on and make
my own decisions and treating me like
that it's kind of treating me like I'm a
fucking invalid right and then it's like
you're basically just reinforcing this
feminist bullshit that like I am some
kind of weak willed zuv pussy sensitive
woman that can't take care of herself
when that's
not the narrative that you weirdo
feminists try to uphold anyway it's kind
of like a catch-22 almost but it also
just bothers me because I care about
this person and I don't want to you know
make a video that's gonna paint them -
in some people's minds in a bad light or
anything like that I feel like it
doesn't matter what people think about
you and in essence it doesn't matter
what people think about him but it
bothers me you know what I'm saying and
I feel like a lot of people have this
issue as well post in the comments if
you do or you know let me know if it's
on patreon where you care what other
people think about other people that you
care about but not about yourself it's
weird it's like I can handle myself
I am fully I fully understood that the
Internet is just a place where people
can vent and make themselves feel better
I was watching this thing I found a
youtuber a Drama youtuber that I
actually liked I never thought I would
like a Drama youtuber and by Drama
youtuber I don't mean like Philip
DeFranco or keemstar I mean like someone
who actually just sits there and go like
goes like blah exposed his name is John
Cook Ian and I was expecting him to have
just like a bunch of comments calling
him a cook because his last name was
cocky and um but he talked about
microbiology and like different
scientific things because that's what he
does and then he's also just like all
fact-based
like he it's not sensationalism it's not
to drive hate it he's genuinely a nice
person who cares about facts and
analysis and that's really interesting
to me so I've been watching some of his
videos and where I was going with this
was a Jacqueline Hale posted a thing
that said people are gonna think of
whatever the fuck they want about you on
her snapchat or ever and this was about
some kind of scandal about like the
lipgloss is being censored I don't
fucking know um he said she was saying
people are gonna think whatever they
want about you no matter what evidence
they see to the contrary or whatever
because India at the end of the day
they're judging and they're hating on
you isn't about you it's about them and
that's like entirely truly people just
want to hate on someone who looks like
they have a better life a better look a
better outlook even like people want to
try to bring the happy people down or
bring the successful people down to
their level because they're not having a
good day and you know if I can be your
punching bag and make you feel better
than whatever so be it right like I
don't
huge issue with that I just have I don't
know I have an issue with people doing
that to people I care about I don't know
um so yeah I always at the end of the
video I get like speechless I don't know
I'm gonna go stream I've been wanting to
stream all day I envisioned this day
being a day where I just stream all day
and I play some stardew valley and I
switch to Skyrim and I get help about
mods while I'm on stream and it's just
gonna be like a 7 8 hour stream is gonna
be wonderful now it's gonna be four
hours treating me chill and playing
stardew valley because i'll be exhausted
because i've edited and recorded two
videos today I love you guys um I keep
looking at this dorian yates documentary
that's in between the two Fender guitars
here I don't know if you can see but um
that's what I was looking at and it was
helping me focus I don't know why
usually if I'm looking at something and
I'm reading text while I'm talking it
throws me off because it's like text
coming into the brain and being you know
processed into actual stuff and then I'm
trying to bring out stuff that's in my
head see now I'm just getting all slept
fuck you Dorian Yates ya asshole anyway
I love you guys thanks for watching um
like the video subscribe if you enjoyed
let me know your thoughts on this
monologue and let me know if you want me
to actually post videos like this on
youtube i think i'm gonna post this one
on youtube it was good it was
interesting and it wasn't just like
bullshit i I know like I'm not trying to
say that I just like give bullshit
content to my patrons so patrons please
don't feel that way it's more like when
I don't have a coherent thoughts or when
I'm not a hundred percent sure about
something I know that I can talk to you
guys if you guys if I'm misunderstood
you know like if you guys misunderstand
me and you're like did you feel this way
it's not like a widespread now like the
whole internet you know thinks a certain
way and it's not that that I'm care that
they think a certain way it's like I
like to be factual when I speak and
actually say what I mean rather than
saying something accidentally misleading
and if I feel like the video is lower
quality in that regard I won't post it
but it might be more
personally telling or something and I'll
post that on patreon because I feel like
so my patrons actually want to know what
the fuck is going on even the stuff
that's a little bit crazy and weird and
you know they deserve that little extra
peek into the life of tear the stuff
that didn't make the cut not necessarily
bigger that's bad but because it's
interesting I love you guys I need to go
it's been 16 minutes Oh take that selfie
alright bye guys thank you I don't know
if I liked that one
there we go that's different
whoo bye guys oh and I don't know I
thought I had something was on the tip
of my vagina and then it went back into
my vagina through my cervix and just
made a home in my uterus
