I feel like I didn't say fuck nearly
enough in this video did I say fuck at
all in the video so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys and welcome finally
to my video all about my relationship
with Jay my thoughts on monogamy my
sexual lifestyle and all the questions
you guys have had over the years about
it I was not going to film this video
today because I just wasn't going to
film a video today I wanted to spend a
really long time playing stardew valley
on stream and switch over to Skyrim and
maybe like try out some new mods and
stuff but I've just been thinking about
this video so much since I made the
update video talking about how I'm going
to finally do all the things that have
been putting off because I'm worried
that I'm going to fuck them up and to
fully illustrate how much I wasn't ready
to make this video today I did set this
time as the time to run my dishwasher so
if you hear any weird shit in the
background it's that so I want to touch
on all the constructive questions that
you guys have had like the actual
curiosities and how things might work
and how things might not work and things
like that and how I personally conduct
myself in relationships and how I
classify my relationship with Jay but
I'm kind of just going to ignore all of
the really really toxic ones saying that
I have some internalized misogyny or
that I've been pushed to do this my
lifestyle is not for everyone I don't
believe that I am inherently right I
just know that personally beyond a
shadow of a doubt this is what's right
for me I don't believe that there is one
right lifestyle I don't believe that
there is one way to conduct yourself in
a relationship but I do believe that all
the people just going down the path of
going to get married getting kids
settling down before they do so since
it's such a huge leap in your life I
just ask that you listen to what I have
to say process it and make your own
opinion that's personal to you not based
on what you were raised with what your
friends are doing or anything else it's
important that you challenge your own
beliefs with other beliefs so that you
strengthen your own beliefs or change to
ones that make more sense for you there
are a lot of people that are probably
living their lives all wrong where they
would be so much happier just because
they're kind of following tradition so a
little backstory on me and my family my
mom and dad are not married they have
separate last names but they've been
together since I was born or earlier
they're not in a loveless relationship
they were amazing parents they were
cohesive as parents throughout my entire
childhood they just never got married it
wasn't for them and that is totally fine
when I was younger I went to school and
areas that were lower-class my family
didn't have a high income either
we were like middle-class and then we
moved on to upper-middle class I don't
know we were probably just still
middle-class but I definitely had it one
of the best out of all of my classmates
and my friends I had friends that had
abusive parents I had friends that had
broken homes friends that lived in
trailers that they couldn't afford
parents that had multiple jobs but the
one thing that I was always made fun of
or people thought was weird about me is
that my parents weren't married and like
their parents who didn't still have the
dad around or something would be weary
about allowing their kids to stay the
night at my house because my parents
weren't married that made no sense to me
I've always challenged ideas since I was
very young ideas of religion ideas of
marriage ideas of following the path I
should be following because everyone
else is doing it and while I challenged
marriage I never really challenged the
idea of monogamy so I had a bunch of
really shitty relationships I was a very
emotional person when I was younger when
I was a teenager I didn't like drama but
I was very much fuelled with all of the
emotions that create a lot of drama when
I bash emotions I'm not necessarily
bashing the good ones
I'm just bashing the idea of being
completely consumed and controlled by
your emotions Stoics and other
philosophers believe that people are
less intelligent or less self actualized
if they're controlled completely by
their emotions it's basically like
getting on a roller coaster your entire
life with no control over where you're
going I love the good emotions I harness
and I use the good emotions and I keep
myself at a higher than average level
all the time because I'm able to control
certain emotions now I wasn't like that
in the past I was insecure but I would
say no more than the regular average
teenage girl I wasn't happy with certain
aspects of my life and every
relationship I had I projected that onto
the relationship I was a very jealous
person a very vindictive and mean person
when I wasn't happy I would often get
sad and have fights with my boyfriends
and my friends that were just kind of
like ridiculous like I would look back
on the fights and I couldn't even
remember the feeling of being angry
about something so small I was just as
emotional as I was creative but there
was that part of me that was logical
that knew that everything that I was
doing when I was in my emotional fits of
rage or sadness or jealousy we're all
just ridiculous the complete and correct
actions so when I was on like
relationship number 10 that was awful I
met Jay Jay was funny he was smart he
was sexy he was tall he was pretty much
everything I'd ever wanted in a guy
except for I didn't like his style he
like a really short buzz cut and he wore
like those really oversized two track
suits with like a tall tee underneath
wasn't my style but he liked me he was
cute he was funny and he was sexy
underneath all of that no so we started
dating and I dropped my other boyfriend
and high school as I said recently in
another video we were like the cringy
like cute couple that would be together
a hundred percent of the time and had to
see each other between classes it was
like really cute but it was also really
cringey I'm sure to the people on the
outside and oh my god I loved him so
much he was into everything that I was
into and I'm saying was as if he's dead
or something I still love him and would
do anything for him and we'll get to
that later because that's what a lot of
people don't get about open
relationships or not being in a
relationship and having sex with other
people kind of thing they think that one
day I will want love and companionship
and I will be sick of being alone and
having a lots of sex with lots of
strangers like it's some kind of
self-destructive behavior and not like a
well-thought-out lifestyle choice they
act like I'm gonna end up lonely the
only way I'm gonna end up lonely as if
he dies anyway so Jay and I had this
like amazing relationship and he's
always told me how it is and if I didn't
like something that he was doing he
would always do it my way to make me
happy right so one time we were having a
conversation and it wasn't like he just
brought up the fact that he wanted to
have an open relationship or that he
wanted to sleep with other girls we were
just talking about being attracted to
other people right and he mentioned that
his ideal would be if he could have me
forever but also have sex with other
people and I'm gonna be honest that
devastated me but at the same time I was
so angry that I was devastated because
everything made perfect sense it was
things that I was thinking but not
actually consciously seeing that it made
no sense in our society the whole
monogamy thing just never really made
sense to me but it was like what we did
and it was backed up by my own jealous
feelings like I wanted monogamy because
I was so jealous and insecure not
necessarily insecure with my body at
this point or anything like that but
like insecure with our relationship I
guess so I did a lot of introspecting is
that even a word I had a lot of time to
introspect for introspection and I
thought about like why am I not okay
with this viscerally but it makes so
much sense to me logically after all I'm
being a hypocrite in this anyway because
there's other guys that I've found
attractive no one just finds one person
attractive and if they do they're
definitely the anomaly most people like
looking at the form of another man
woman that they're attracted to they
like entertaining the idea of having a
sexual experience with them and there's
nothing wrong with that logically if you
think about it this is something for
another video but I personally believe
that humans are not meant to be
monogamous that it's more like a
tradition thing but anyway back on topic
I'm gonna try not to stray off topic
because this might be a long video so I
thought about it a lot and I made myself
see things more logically every time I
got a little bit jealous and I could
feel that jealousy rising in me and all
those questions and doubts about myself
in our relationship he was perfect for
me everything about him I never got sick
of him you guys know that I'm kind of
misanthropic to an extent where I don't
really like people that much I like you
guys because you guys support me and we
have common interests but like the
random person that I meet on the street
Oh even my friends I can't stand them
for more than like a day I get sick of
them if it weren't for Jay I would want
my alone time being with him is like
being a part of me he's like another
vestige that I have on my body someone I
can tell anything to and someone whose
interests agar with mine just so much
that I learn new things from him and I
can teach him new things he stimulates
me intellectually we like similar music
he plays video games he's hot he's got a
big dick and we have the same basic
moral principles and to be honest
anytime that swell of jealousy was there
there was also a swell of arousal
because I am so sexual and I am so horny
all the time and I did like the idea of
watching him have sex with another girl
or being able to go out and have sex
with a guy that I have a crush on like
all of us it was exciting I just
couldn't at first get over the jealousy
and I think that's where people have the
disconnect people think that it has to
be like a loveless relationship you
don't care about the person but in my
opinion I feel like Jay and I
relationship is much stronger than the
average husband and wife who's had kids
and lived together their whole lives I
feel like and I know a lot of people are
gonna say that I'm wrong or I'm being
arrogant or something but I feel like we
have a stronger bond than I've ever seen
because I can be a hundred percent
honest with him I don't have to worry
about talking about porn like if he is
watching porn I can be around his enough
to hide he doesn't have to hide the fact
that he likes a girl I'm not gonna like
pull on his ear and be like any time he
like looks at another chick it was so
liberating I was like oh my god the fact
that I could train myself to understand
emotions for what they are just a basic
chemical reaction that doesn't actually
mean anything until you process it with
logic and reason
I felt so much better I felt amazing
anytime the little swell of jealousies
there I just remember that it also comes
with the arousal and then I can kind of
just negate it with the fact that it
doesn't make any sense for me to feel
that way and honestly if you don't feel
like you have the mental acuity to do
this you do everyone does everyone can
train themselves to be more logical and
rational and act on their emotions
better to harness the positive emotions
and when they coincide with negative
emotions kind of just squash the
negative ones you know our minds are
beautiful brilliant things and we can do
so much with them so now that I feel
like I have a little bit of clarity on
this when people ask me like how do you
deal with the jealousy that's kind of a
silly question isn't it how do you deal
with everyday anger when you're jealous
when you're angry when you're stressed
when you're tired when you're sad you
don't just like implode in a fit of
violent rage you deal with your emotions
so why should jealousy in a relationship
be any different why should you let it
stagnate there inside of you and become
toxic to you in the relationship you're
in and to me it just monogamy doesn't
make any sense to me because you're
basically saying and this is what it is
from my perspective I don't want you to
do something that you want to do I don't
want you to live life and experience
life to the fullest because of my own
personal insecurities it's not fair to
the other person and if you guys are
both doing that to each other and that
works for you then that's fine
but you have to be honest with yourself
why you don't want him sleeping with
someone else if that's some kind of
sacred thing to you like it is with
religion I'm not going to understand it
I'm just here to give you my perspective
and I totally respect that you make your
own life choices as I said in the
beginning I don't think this is right
for everyone I just think a lot of
people think about it in such a twisted
way like they think it's some kind of
like swingers party all the time
STDs everywhere I mean I've only slept
with like three or four different guys
since I've known Jay and Jay and I have
been living together for 11 years if you
guys didn't already know that and we
don't have big fights we don't fight
about anything substantial like after we
have a little fight which is like Rare
took once a month we're always like yeah
that was really dumb it's kind of like
that it's like less impactful than
fighting with your friends even so
another thing people say is that
monogamy builds trust like it shows that
you can trust your partner but in my
opinion there's nothing that's a bigger
show of trust than the fact that I am
allowing him to fulfill his desires and
what he wants to do and trusting him
that will never come back to hurt me
like he would never have sex with a girl
that is out
hurt me he would never have sex with a
girl unprotected he would never lie to
me about it
trusting him and allowing him to do
whatever he wants and knowing that he's
not going to hurt me that's a lot better
in my opinion and a lot more trust
involved then putting weird arbitrary
restrictions on the relationship just to
build trust again your life do what you
want just something to think about so
what are the other questions that people
have for me a lot of people try to say
that J and i's relationship isn't that
strong I would legitimately die for this
person and he would do the same for me
and if I ever wanted to get married or
have kids which is something neither of
us want he would do that for me he would
do anything for me and I know that I
have such security knowing that I have
someone in my corner that I can 100% be
myself with
it feels amazing honestly I really hope
I'm doing this justice I feel like it's
silly that I'm so worried about
recording this well and portraying it
well but I feel like it's such a taboo
thing it's even more taboo than I don't
know all the main taboos these days
because people are guided by their
emotions they're guided by tradition and
they kind of just scoff at anything
that's alternative but sometimes the
alternatives sometimes the less treaded
path is the better one and you have to
decide that for yourself I can't tell
you how to live nor should society or
your upbringing tell you how to live and
it is hard to transcend that I'm not
saying that I've done anything amazing
by transcending that I'm just saying it
as a fact like I'm obviously not
following the norm so back to the how do
I deal with jealousy it's just not
really a thing it's kind of like that
immediate anger you get when you see
someone being mean to someone else or
like whatever visceral emotion you might
have like when you get startled because
someone knocks at the door in the middle
of the night you ago that it dissipates
pretty quick when you use logic and
reason to realize that you're not in any
danger Jay and I put any restrictions on
it not really I feel like he and I would
be in sync with who might be toxic or
who might come in here and like try to
take advantage of me I feel like if
someone ever disrespects me he would cut
them off immediately and that's actually
happened before and there were no issues
I feel like any of the big fights we've
had we've resolved because we were able
to be a hundred percent open and honest
and I feel like we're a team I don't
have to worry about anything with him
you know I know some of the big
questions that you think about when you
think about engaging in this is like
what if you find someone better than me
what if he enjoys sex with someone else
more than me well those things can
possibly happen but you just have to
trust him /her
and know that there
for you is stronger or if it's not that
they found something better and you
should be happy for them I honestly
believe that you shouldn't limit your
sexual experiences in life just because
you're worried about losing someone else
like if it's meant to happen it should
happen and I guess a lot of people are
just more comfortable staying like not
knowing about that fact because they're
comfortable there rather than doing
what's best for them a lot of people
stay in loveless relationships I don't
know I think that's enough because I've
actually recorded 20 minutes of this 22
minutes of this I will edit it down a
little bit but I will be taking
questions in the comments I usually
don't take questions in the comments but
I do reply textually like actually type
replying but if you guys want me to do a
followup with any other questions I
think the biggest one is usually the
jealousy aspect or like that you don't
want kids and settle down you're a
fucking horror aspect it's like the
illogical assholes that just want you to
live exactly the way they live and then
the people who are genuinely curious but
they're mostly only curious about the
emotional aspect so if you have any
other questions please post them in the
comments I'll either reply by texting at
you texting at you I feel like I'm a
hundred and five years old
I'll reply to the comments or if there's
enough questions I'll do a whole nother
follow-up video I really hope you guys
enjoy this and I hope you guys took it
for face value it's my life my ideas my
ideas about my ideals and answering a
few of your most prevalent questions I
love you guys so much thank you so much
for watching and I really hope you think
about the things that I say to either
strengthen your belief in your lifestyle
or to find a lifestyle that's better for
you I hope you enjoy this video feel
like I didn't say fuck nearly enough in
this video
did I say fuck at all in the video if
you watch this whole video type in fuck
fuckity s'long I love you guys so much
bye like vids subscribe watch other vids
happy Tara
