oh my god you guys okay so I have to
tell you the story about how I just
fucked up this video Oh so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want welcome to a new episode
of Friday night mail the Friday show
where I try to give back as much as I
possibly can to you guys without fucking
things up and I totally fucked things up
so my thingy stopped recording because
the fucking card was full right so I go
in and I remove everything else off the
card and I end up removing the first
half of this fucking video with the Q&A
with the shout out to the the winner of
the giveaway with the information about
the giveaway and with my first fucking
my first fucking gift which was this one
so you don't get to see me unbox this
first fucking gift I'm so annoyed
because now I have to read you the first
part but I have the second part it's
like very confusing so I don't know I'm
just gonna fucking redo it and you know
I'm sorry so the person who sent me this
shirt who doesn't get to see it actually
unboxed I don't know what the fuck it's
so frustrating oh my god this was
supposed to be an easy an easy fucking
video to record whatever anyway so the
first thing I did also was I was like
this
I said issues no what did I say I'm like
out of it now like really pissed off I
hate it when I do stupid shit like this
and it's not like I'm pissed off at like
any specific thing or I'm like oh the
technology is broken I'm like really mad
at myself for doing something so fucking
stupid
so I said colonoscopy fails take one
action I did that this is the fucking
questions okay we're just gonna redo the
questions alright so the first question
which was the second question because
now it's up on my whatever the fuck you
know the first question is Sam dipped
Leto asks if you could get away with any
crime o2b and why I would get away with
murder because I always wanted to see
what it was like and I wouldn't be okay
so what I said about this is I I
wouldn't I don't believe that I'm a
person who is so high and mighty that I
should be able to choose who lives and
who dies I feel like even if I
absolutely hate someone and it's
absolutely completely sound in my
opinion and many other people's opinions
I don't feel like I should have the
right to choose who lives and dies so
that's why I don't kill people also
because I really enjoy my life and I
don't want to feel like I'm on the run I
feel like it would devalue my life
greatly if I always felt like I had
something I had to hide and that's why I
don't lie
why I'm very open with myself but um for
the very very selfish reason of just
feeling what it's like to kill someone
and I've always wanted to know if that
would actually fuck with me or if I
would be perfectly fine with that I feel
like a lot of people just freak out
about the most random things like
they're very emotional people but I
don't feel like I would and I'm very
interested in the psychology behind how
I would feel if I were to murder someone
so that would be my choice in a
hypothetical world yeah and then I said
I was going to talk about how it would
kill someone so that's later in the
video you can tell I'm visibly annoyed
at myself right now so when I stopped
being visibly annoyed at myself or I let
you guys know that's when the firstly
recorded stuff will start playing oh my
god I'm so fucking annoyed oh thank you
guys for sending me these questions by
the way these are really good questions
aside from the second half of this
question which is hey that's not it why
do I say hey magic 521 asks what would
you do if you had a million subs and
what are your thoughts on Zoey burger if
I had a million subs on this channel I
would be very grateful very happy and I
would put more money into doing
giveaways and stuff right now I do a
giveaway a week on this channel I'll
give away a month on the gaming channel
and an extra giveaway I want a month a 1
a month for patrons only and that's a
lot of stuff that's all it's like kind
of a money sink for me I don't have a
lot more extra money to give but I would
surmise if I had a thousand subscribers
on this channel I would be making a lot
more money so I would have more time to
give back to you guys also it would be
indicative of the fact that I'm doing
something right and I would be very
happy because I've always wanted the the
gigantic play button the gold play
button it took really big to it's like
that it's like almost as big as me I
just thought I thought that would be
like the ultimate goal when I first
started doing YouTube and I never
thought I would get there and I still
don't think I'm gonna get there because
this channel grows at about 5,000 to
20,000 subscribers a month it varies
usually it's like in the middle of that
it hasn't been like on the lower end for
a while so I really appreciate the
growth and everything the channel is
definitely growing but nowhere near a
million will I get if I got to a million
on the gaming channel it would be like
my life is complete that's honestly
something I've always wanted I want a
big community of people who are just
playing the same games I play or enjoy
watching me play and we can talk about
things and we can formulate inside jokes
I've always wanted to have such a huge
community on the gaming side of things
so that would make me much more happy
than if it was on this
channel but I don't think it's in the
cards for me on either channel and
that's perfectly fine I appreciate every
single view that you guys give me the
fact that the gaming channel only has a
couple thousand views is fine I'm
thinking like a thousand people or 2,000
or 3,000 or 5,000 watching me play
something or watching me talk about
games that's astounding right and I
can't even imagine what it would be like
with a million subscribers so that's
awesome second part of this which is
kind of pointless I don't know why
people keep asking me this but I'm gonna
answer it on a more public forum because
people just want to know what are your
thoughts on Zoe Berger ok so I
personally wouldn't watch her content
it's not my thing
I find twerking to be very unattractive
and I'm not a fan of her look I don't
know it's just not my thing she's not my
type and I also don't like first person
shooters things like Call of Duty that
wouldn't be something that I would want
to watch so her contents not for me
right I don't find it interesting but I
know a lot of people do and it makes
perfect sense why they do do I think she
should be banned too fuck no do I have a
problem with her showing her body or
doing what the fuck she wants and making
money no this is a fucking capitalist
country people expect you to hate on sex
when sex sells because everyone fucking
loves sex there's nothing wrong with it
and I appreciate her doing her thing
even if it's not my thing that I you
know would enjoy watching way more than
all of the fake people on YouTube and
there's a plethora of fucking fake
people on YouTube who everyone loves who
is way more successful than Zoe and who
definitely should not be so those are my
thoughts on Zoe burger I don't think she
should be banned I don't think she
should be ridiculed I think if you don't
like twerking and Cod you shouldn't
watch it right I mean that's the same
principle that I take with my channel
too if you don't like sex if you don't
like off-color jokes or you're easily
triggered by something or you don't like
games or you don't like me just don't
fucking watch the channel right and
that's the same way I feel about Zoe it
would be ridiculous for me to have any
hate for her because I don't know her or
to say that her channel should be banned
just because she's doing something that
you know when I halfway did on my
channel my shit got banned whatever you
know the world's not fucking fair
if she gets to twerk in a thong or
whatever and I don't get to show my ass
in a thong for fan service Friday it's
just on the cards for me I don't do well
on that shit I just make my life as
perfect as I possibly can I don't really
worry about what other people are doing
I just hope that they're happy and I'm
not interfering with their happiness oh
hopefully that answers those questions
thank you guys for the question
also the winner I have to remember all
the things that I did so the winner of
this week's giveaway is Michael and I
think I like that celebration better
than the first one I did so I'm a little
bit happier now anyway he wanted a copy
of the attack on Titan game for steam
and I sent it over to him and I cannot
believe two weeks in a row there are two
different Michael M's winning my fucking
giveaways I feel like Michael M is just
destined to be the winner of all F
enemies now the Michael M takeover of
F&M it'll be Mike and M soon bad joke
should edit out probably won't anyway so
I talked about how I only have two
things this week because I went on
Monday thinking that I would totally be
able to go again on Thursday or Friday
and pick up the rest of the stuff that I
got and I totally forgot that it's
Thanksgiving I don't celebrate
Thanksgiving so it kind of slips in my
mind that something like that affects me
and I was like oh fuck so that's why I
don't have that many things and that's
why I didn't go pick up the rest of the
stuff if you guys have something that's
supposed to be there and it's not in
this video it will be in the next videos
who do not fret also if you want to know
why I don't celebrate Thanksgiving I
made a video last year that's probably
way less articulate than the video I
would make this year if I made a new one
but unless whatever fucking holidays are
done to me I don't know whatever they're
fun to celebrate if they're you know the
premise is good and the things that you
do during the celebration is good but if
you want to know why I don't care about
Thanksgiving the link to that video will
be in the description I hope you guys
enjoy it and take it for what it is my
fucking opinion and not something that
you have to hold in high regard if you
don't agree with me you know I'm saying
all right so yeah if you want to sign up
for the giveaway link will be in the
description if you want to send me any
questions please feel free to do so I
love it when I see comments from you
guys in the comment section I read
almost all of them so please don't
hesitate to tell me what you think or
ask me what you'd like if you want to
see it on the next fnm I do this every
week this is the only hard set scheduled
video that I have on this channel from
now on I just decided that it's better
for me to work that way I've produced
five videos and this one this week so
six videos this week just because I
didn't feel constrained by the fact that
I had to do certain series every week
you know so it's better for me
creatively and timewise anyway through
this little insert that I got with this
at Star Wars shirt it looks like it came
from someone called Star Walker for
one-30 Thank You star Walker I really
appreciate you getting me this gift I
wish they allowed you to put a little
note in there so I know who came from I
really like the fit and I think it looks
good on me it actually shows a little
cleavage and you know fucking protected
by the rebels sounds good
thank you so much I'm sorry you don't
get to see the actual unboxing I hate
redoing
fnm videos it puts a strain on my heart
because I had a real reaction and that
I'm trying to tell you about my real
reaction or trying to re elicit this
reaction that I can't redo because it
would be fake and it's just like so
annoying so I'm sorry that you don't get
the real reaction from here on is the
footage that I actually have so cut
right now this is new footage now you're
gonna see the rest of the old footage
alright got it that's the second half of
the video that I actually didn't delete
role the second half oh I love cool new
tank tops so good the next thing we have
is quite large and quite heavy this is
this is he I just hit my laptop of crazy
this is the other thing we have today
it's a giant books yes it is so we're
gonna split right there oh just like I
would do if I got away with my murder
maybe we should talk more about how I
would murder someone you know this has
only been 13 minutes of even recording
and I'm gonna cut it down to probably
like six minutes or less and I feel like
I'm doing you guys dirty if I don't
leave have like a ten minute video maybe
we'll talk a little bit more about how I
wouldn't murder someone but I don't know
if I want to divulge that information
now what is this this is the biggest bag
for for a gift I've ever seen
I Tara I thought you could use one of
these to spice up your love life with
Jay from your soulmate Donald oh god
what is it now Donald what's role item
did you send me this is wonderful I love
your troll items don't get me wrong what
is it I can't even see in there 18 inch
blade length who gets the job done is
what it says why am I always so like
confused about how to work these bags
there we go just open what did I get
oh is it a fucking chainsaw it's an
electric hedge trimmer because Jays
pubes are just too too thick for the
average male razor we got
oh man is this okay so let's see it's
got some dual action blades this is
pretty cool I feel like I should give
this shit to my parents because they
actually own a house or maybe I'll just
get I feel like you're giving me gifts
cuz you know I'm moving into a house and
you're giving me like house essentials
I'm gonna be outside being like the
gardener I'm even gonna start speaking
Spanish hahaha racism I hope you guys
enjoyed that little joke there instead
of taking it to heart because come on
guys come on you're on the wrong channel
if you're taking shit to heart too much
eighty news blade link gets the job done
faster so I can cut the shit out of Jays
testicle hairs which he hasn't had for
years I'm gonna make him grow the mount
just so I can try this out and I'm
totally not gonna cut off his dick you
know it's totally not gonna happen all
right Thank You Donald
I appreciate you getting me ready with
all of these matching green random
things it's actually kind of cool
I've never had me like legit yard tools
before obviously because I've always
looked in an apartment the trolling is
funny it's definitely funny also I'm
getting like gigantic bags like I can
fit into this bag alright I'm gonna go
down oh yeah I could definitely someone
could send me in this bag that's for
sure I am down here I'm just gonna stay
inside the bag for the rest of the video
thank you so much guys for the gifts
thank you star Walker and thank you
Donald for the silliness I really
appreciate it this is very heavy I was
very like what the fuck is this thing
now I have a bag that I can fit myself
in which is cool I should like do the
Metal Gear Solid the like snake box
thing but with a bag just like tying
myself in a bag and then sit outside
someone's house knock on the door and
they open up it's like it's a tad up Oh
anyway the way I would murder someone
hmm if I knew that I could get away with
it I would want to torture them for sure
I don't know I feel like torture would
be interesting we would torture for sure
and then maybe after we torture do I
want them to die from the torturing or
do I want to just like do something
quicker at the very end to kind of like
ease their pain I don't know what I
would want to do what do you guys think
what would be your perfect murder like
how do you think you would get away with
murder
and if you could get away with it and
you are going to do it so no a lot of
people would say oh I would never do
that how exactly would you do it if you
were exempt from any kind of getting in
trouble for it I really don't like the
idea of stabbing someone I feel like
that's just kind of gross like into
their bodies you know but I would
definitely do it if I had to like if I
absolutely had to like someone was
attacking me I do carry a knife so I
wouldn't be opposed to doing it if I had
to but I wouldn't do it if it was like
my choice murder you know what I'm
saying so I feel like a gun is an easy
way out I don't really want to use a gun
I think I would use a bludgeon I think
I'm a bludgeon type girl you know I
would have like a mace if I was a
warrior either an axe or a mace an axe
is kind of like you can just chop things
off you don't have to like get really
close in and like stab me I wouldn't use
poison that's so typically female to use
poison or anything I would want to
actually gruesomely murder someone if I
really was gonna murder someone also
take this at face value this is a fun
conversation about murder okay cut guys
fucking so serious all the time anyway
thanks for watching like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed
also don't forget to turn on
notifications there's like a little bell
somewhere on the page or whatever if you
click on that you'll get notified
anytime I upload so you can be like
notification squad and type first and
then I'll type to get it in the ass and
it'll be a fun interaction it will be
awesome I am part of my own notification
squad especially on the gaming channel I
add all the gaming channel videos to
favorite games list playlist for my
other channel so it gets more visibility
so yeah I'm often on there really early
so if you want supposed to comment and
we can make fun of each other and shit
that would be fun
I love you guys I want to go stream
tonight it's been like a day since i've
streamed but like last time i streamed i
played this is the police like the whole
time and I just really miss star do and
I miss playing Skyrim and I need to get
into some more Skyrim stuff because I
need a scouring video up tomorrow but
I'm not gonna have one tomorrow so she's
gonna be like an empty day because I
didn't have any time to play Skyrim this
week really still love star do gonna go
play if you guys want to follow
twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock I really
appreciate everything you guys do for me
all the questions all the interactions
all of the views you guys are just so
fucking amazing to me and I really
appreciate it I hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend I hope you had a great
holiday weekend and didn't get bombarded
by some fat person running you over
fucking Black Friday I don't got on
Black Friday I did it once cuz I thought
it would be fun it was not fun Black
Friday online
do that seems like the smart way to go
