all right we're gonna show you we're
gonna just sit my phone on my face
that's what we're gonna do right now oh
come on just fucking work so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys are you
ready for another random pseudo
psychology topic where I just brainstorm
and thought experiments my ass off today
we're gonna talk about cats and dogs and
the psychology behind people who are cat
people and people who are dog people
this is completely just my ideas and
something that I have been thinking
about I originally started thinking
about this because I was going through I
was doing my monthly check up of my my
Facebook post comments I do read your
comments on Facebook but I only do it
monthly because I fucking hate Facebook
I feel like Facebook is the place where
everyone just makes me cringe the most
like every single person that I know or
anyone that I follow or who follows me
just posts like stupid ideas and they're
just so self-important and it's like
just cringe like everyone just having
their own weird it's just like awful
it's not like a good discussion it's
just a place where like sjw's go to
complain about their days and people
that they saw or whatever but before we
get into this topic I saw a comment on
Facebook saying oh tara has a cat when i
was playing with a panda my mom's cat i
thought she would be more of a dog
person or she looks more like a dog
person her seems more like dog person i
think it was because it wasn't about
looks it was about like she just seems
more like a dog person and I'm like well
what does that mean I can't imagine why
someone would just assume that I'm a dog
person and then I started thinking about
it and I thought about all the different
attributes that cats and dogs have and
what makes them different and I'm like
well there's got to be a reason why
there's a clear-cut split between people
saying I like dogs I know I despise cats
and I despise cats and likes dogs or
whatever the fuck I think I just had the
same thing but backwards because my hand
motions fucked me in the ass and my
fucking mental process he is there but
first look I made a little comfy spot
for myself these are two of my Tetris
pieces that I don't need for my
Tendo chair and I'm just like chillin
with a couple cute things I really like
to take video and show off like while
I'm taking video show off some of my
collectibles this is my second tonberry
J got it for me for my birthday I'm next
to my guitar well J got me a second Tom
berry because he does not know the
vastness of my fucking plushies and
didn't know I already had one yay good
job J you only live with the fucking
tonberry you decided to disregard so
yeah it seems like a lot of people have
a clear-cut
like hatred for cats or dogs and they
like the other and cats and dogs are
obviously not even arguably just like
obviously the most popular pets and
obviously they're both companion animals
and they're both domesticated so they do
have the trait of working well with
humans if you would say but when you
think about the other obvious traits of
a cat and a dog it kind of seems like
their personality differences you know
so like if someone likes a cat more
maybe the thing is that are attributes
of a cat that are not attributes of a
dog appeal more to that person because
of their own personal psychology I think
it's very interesting to think about and
talk about so we're gonna do that today
um my personal experience is I like cats
and dogs I like cats slightly more and
there is a psychological reason behind
that and I find it very interesting I
don't need like extreme constant love
and I feel like something that dogs give
is just extreme constant blind loyalty
they're kind of just they come off as
even stupid because of this fact like
they're just kind of like yeah yeah
let's go out what's going oh my god yeah
come on and I'm not saying they're like
stupid as far as animals go I think
animals are highly intelligent more
intelligent than most people and I
believe that they all deserve certain
rights I believe they deserve the same
rights as humans but that's a video for
a different time I like all animals so
that's why I don't hate dogs when I like
cats a little bit more cats are more
like bitchy and moody and they do their
own thing and they're very
self-sufficient cats still have a lot of
their feral nature I was watching a
documentary recently about how cats are
completely self-sufficient like if you
left them out
a stray cat or something the
domesticated cat would still be able to
survive but many breeds of dog would not
they would just instantly die there are
a hundred percent reliant on their human
counterparts and they're more
domesticated than cats and they've been
domesticated longer than cats so cats
kind of can you know they're more
self-sufficient they sleep most of the
day and they do their own thing they do
love cuddles they are good with humans
at most of them but they need they're
not just like coddling the fuck out of
you they're not just like oh mom's here
mom's here oh my god mom attention
attention oh my god what was that
they're not like a DD either and I feel
like a lot of people who prefer dogs
over cats are probably people who feel
like they're missing companionship and
that's maybe why women are cat ladies
and have so many cats because one cat
doesn't fulfill that but then I feel
like cats are kind of feminine and dogs
are kind of masculine so that's why
there's no dog ladies instead I feel
like a cat lady would get the same love
and admiration and attention out of one
dog that she would get out of like the
ten cats that she has but she prefers
cats maybe because cats feel more
feminine or maybe cat ladies are people
who prefer cats are often too busy to
take care of their animals so they
prefer a cat because for me I can't
imagine like for sure having the time to
wake up every morning and take my dog
for a walk or you know make sure that he
gets enough play in because I feel like
cats will play on their own cats will
adventure on their own they'll go out
and they actually have a prowling range
this is so cool that I saw in the in the
documentary they have a prowling range
where they just like they go around like
a two-block radius
and they actually prowl that and when
you hear your cat getting in a fight
with another cat it's because the other
cat didn't respect the hierarchy and
stay off of that other cats like turf
and they actually have an understanding
like a conscious understanding of like
whose turf it is and there's a cool
social hierarchy around cats and I feel
like dogs get along more I also watch
the documentary about dogs and
domesticated dogs made by the same
people who did the cat documentary these
are both on Netflix by the way I'll try
to find the name of them the names of
them so I can post them down in the
description so if you want to watch them
it's very interesting it's all about
domesticated cats and dogs and I was
watching another thing in my parents
house about like wild cats and there's
like these really cool-looking wild cats
and they talked about I I don't know I
just I really like National Geographic
type shit back when I stepped cable I
would watch The History Channel on
National Geographic documentaries and
stuff and I always thought that was
really cool I think all knowledge most
knowledge has merit and all knowledge is
really cool to me and interesting and I
kind of just like pack my brain with
useless knowledge of things that I find
interesting but I don't know I want to
hear what you guys have to think or have
to say about what you think about a cat
dog cat people on dog people cat dog is
a dog cat or cat dog I don't remember
eyes to watch that show a lot I thought
it was funny but um there it's just very
interesting that I feel like there's
gotta be some kind of psychological
thing behind having a strong preference
for either cat or dog and I feel like it
has to do with your needs I feel like it
has to do with how much companionship
you need if you already have a family if
you already have if you're living with
your mom your dad or you have a wife and
kids or you know you're living with
roommates you might prefer to not have a
dog but then some people you know maybe
it just means nothing and I'm just
talking out of my ass but thinking about
it is very interesting
so what other traits do cats and hot
dogs have let me see if I've actually
exhausted this topic because it's only
been 7 minutes and 49 seconds um I don't
know I feel like dogs are more playful
so if you're not really interested in
going to a dog park not all dogs like
dog parks by the way if dogs can be
antisocial it's very interesting thing
that I found out from that documentary
but um like I feel like dogs are more
often sociable they don't have that
social hierarchy that keeps them from
hanging out with each other or having
Turk for anything like that doesn't
really seem like they have that they're
kind of just more like happy-go-lucky
and they can definitely be ok so dogs
can be taught to do like cats can be
trained a little bit too but dogs can be
taught to do immensely immensely
analytical things like they can do so
many tricks they can do so many
different things they have a problem
with like spatial understanding or
whatever but they're there's so many
things that you can make a dog do so
maybe people who want to
train their dogs or want to feel more
like it's a human or something and can
actually relate to it more maybe those
types of people like dogs better I feel
like people who want loyalty who want
constant companionship who want someone
to love them no matter what and be there
but also want to have look kind of like
an animal that feels more like a baby
where you have to take care of you have
to take it on walk ship to make sure
that you give it enough attention and
enough play because otherwise it's being
you know it's not good for a dog to be
left alone like a cat like a cat will
just do whatever the fuck it wants all
day and even though cats like love - and
cats will purr for you - and cats enjoy
being scratched or petted or anything
like that you can kind of just leave the
cat alone as long as you just you know
make sure it has food or whatever you
don't have to go out and walk a cat you
don't have to do you don't have to put
any of the work into the upkeep really
it's just kind of like you have a cat it
loves you but at some times it hates you
and it just wants to do its own thing so
I feel like I don't know I don't know I
feel like the cat lady thing is kind of
where I'm like I don't know why don't
they just get dogs then if they want
that kind of attention or if they need
some love in their lives it feels like I
feel like the stereotype of a cat lady
might not even exist like maybe there
were one or two cat ladies that were
just really obsessed with cats for
whatever reason and it wasn't like I
have no one else in my life type of
thing and that kind of just stuck in
popular culture I don't know what do you
guys think also I wanted to show you
guys this really cool light I actually
wanted to do a review of it my dad gave
it to me for my birthday but that's what
I'm using for my lighting right now and
I'm liking it where's my son
all right we're gonna show you we're
gonna just sit my phone on my face
that's what we're gonna do right now oh
come on just fucking work just oh my god
why hold on alright so this is the app
it's actually an LED light I'll try to
show you am i showing it to you yeah
it's not like case over there doesn't
have to be in a case it can be like this
is so awkward it doesn't have to be in a
case they can be um put into any light
bulb socket it's a LED light and you can
like change it see like I'm making going
it up and down with it and then you can
like oh my god it's so fucking cool you
can like change like here's bright
daytime see like that and you can change
whatever the fuck my personal favorite
is
one okay so it's not working at a prison
so yeah hey guys what's up it changes
based on when I talk so when I am
talking it is changing color because I
am talking into my phone and my phone is
making it change color with the movement
of my vagina haha very fucking cool you
can use it for like if you're having a
party or something or if you want like
the whole house to just be changing
colors constantly and you play some like
loud music or something it's really cool
for music I like it a lot I think it's
really interesting I kind of wanted to
put it behind me in my stream so my
stream is like pulsating in the
background with my voice but I don't
really have a place for it right now so
I'm not quite sure what I'm gonna do
with it once I move I'm gonna buy a
bunch of these these are about 60 bucks
and I think they're really cool I don't
know I'll post the links to them if I
can find it in the description but
that's what I'm using right now for my
lighting for the shit or whatever and
they have like um you can play certain
scenes like you can play day rise and
you can set ok sunrise is what's called
and you can set a time for sunrise so
that a light starts waking you up in the
morning like the lights turn on slowly
and nicely like no no no no no no no you
don't talk about like that song that is
like just the sunrise song and I can
make it really bright what else is there
there's a date night ooh date night time
together oh so good this is so
interesting I don't know ok so we're
gonna play date night
so this flickers kind of like
candlelight it's really cool it's like
candlelight or like being next to a fire
and it's really romantic and it's really
nice and there's like a green tone one
oh and the coolest part other than the
fact that you know they can talk to your
voice or whatever bounce to your voice
is that you can actually choose a color
on your own so like let's plus and the
new color so I'm gonna make the light
hot pink not that bright
there we go so I made it hot pink now
and now it's like a hot pink light it's
really cool and you can have like a
bunch of different lights on this app
here let me show you so these are all my
bulbs I only have one bulb right now but
you can have as many bulbs as you want
as long as you're within the normal
range for it it will actually like have
all of the bulbs on your phone and you
can like turn off the lights in your
house really fucking cool I'm really
excited about it I'm glad my dad gave it
to me it was interesting he was showing
it off and then sometimes when he shows
things off he won't give me things but
other times he's like oh you can have it
I'm like yes anyway thanks for watching
guys I hope you enjoyed this let me know
what you think I know it was like a
clusterfuck but I felt like doing a
random vlog now I'm gonna go stream and
edit some videos also where's the oh
there we go oh my god the hype sucks yes
ha ha
these were a limited edition but by the
time you guys see this video the stock
campaign will be over why won't you
focus on my face anyway I love you guys
thanks for watching let me know you
think I don't know a lot oh I need to
good vagina okay bye guys
