oh you talk way too much about sex so
who cares why not do your own thing and
let them say what they want hello my
beautiful wonderful and amazing fucking
subscribers and or viewers today I'm
going to be doing an update video
specifically the updates and the future
of this channel as well as a little bit
of the gaming channel I'm going to make
a few changes all of which are positive
I just feel like I need a bit of a
refresher so if you guys aren't really
interested in listening to me talk about
my life or where I want this channel to
go this isn't really one of those
blatantly entertaining videos so I
warned you but I did make a notepad of
all the things that I want to change and
all the reasons why i want to change
them and just a few things that i want
to make better i never want anything to
stagnate or at least for me to feel like
it's stagnating and the change that i
made recently with Tara Reid's comments
and stuff like that is one of these
changes what I have here the tara
babcock patch notes I call them patch
notes because I just really like the way
League of Legends does their patch notes
where it's all like bullet pointed and
like laid out for you perfectly I kind
of did that for myself and that's what
I'm gonna do here for you guys so the
first thing is i got a new outro for
both channels it's the last 20 seconds
of the video and it looks kind of
similar to the one that i already have
but it has two video suggestions for you
and it allows you to click to subscribe
to my channel or click to subscribe to
my other channel it's really cool it's
actually a feature that YouTube added
recently and I just never got around to
making a new overlay for it but I spent
about an hour yesterday perfecting 2
overlays wonderful vlog channel one for
the gaming channel you'll be able to see
it here depicted at the end of the video
but what's really cool is one of the
videos that it shows that the end is
going to be tailored to your liking I
have no idea how YouTube does this or
what algorithm they use but what they do
is they try to find a video that you
guys would like that you haven't watched
from my channel pretty cool right so I'm
assuming if you've clicked on a bunch of
the ones about my ass or anal it might
give you another anal based video you
haven't seen yet I'm really excited
about that which brings me to the next
thing so there's gonna be no set
schedule and the reason that the end
credits brings me to this is because I
didn't have enough room to put the
schedule there and no one was really
looking at it anyway it was only like
the hardcore subscribers that actually
knew my schedule like people would
constantly ask me when's the next sex
head video so it wasn't really helpful
and it's also not helpful to me to have
a set schedule I feel like when you're
on a set schedule as a youtuber or as
any
person and you're not heavily funded
with a lot of extra time you end up
spitting out a bunch of content that
isn't as good as it should be and in my
opinion that was happening with Tara
Reid's comments so the way I'm
rectifying that and it's something that
you guys have suggested for a long time
is anytime I see a comment that I want
in Tara Reid's comments just to save it
into the folder and not worry about it
until I have about 20 comments 20 really
good worthy comments of Tara Reid's
comments what I used to do is I would
just like the day before two days before
whenever I'm gonna film it I would go
through the most recent comments and
just try to cherry pick something that
was good and that made people not want
to comment initially and it made
comments drop a little bit off on my
channel because people didn't think they
had the chance to be in Tara Reid's
comments and let's stay waited to
comment until the day before was
uploaded now I'm picking the best of the
best the only video that's gonna stay
scheduled on this channel is gonna be
the Friday video I feel like it's really
really important for me to connect with
you guys if your interaction is like the
most important thing to me and to have
that Friday video it's just integral in
my opinion so we're still doing the
friday unboxing the friday QA the friday
giveaway just giving back to you guys
and basically making it like a fan
friday not fan service but we'll get to
that no fan service isn't coming back
sorry if I told you for less than a
second there but I will be returning
back to my sexier roots the one thing
that bothered me a lot is that I haven't
been doing many sex-based or just like
sexy for no reason videos and I know I
can't do things as crazy as fanservice
Friday that people will consider to be
porn but I could do fun flirty things
like my bra collection or shopping for
bras talking about different sex things
that I like like I used to talk about
how to do anal properly I feel like I
definitely still talk a lot about sex
and people who have an inversion to it
are like oh you talk way too much about
sex because of all the jokes I make and
stuff but I fucking love sex and I
stopped making videos about it and I
don't know why I guess it was because
recently i've just been so interested in
psychology and sociology and philosophy
that I haven't really thought about
making a sex based video much but I'm
going to try my best to do more sexy and
sex related videos whenever I get a good
idea to do so i think my new broad
collection and the blog about my breast
implants those are good places to start
also i read a comment recently that i
really liked that i want to share with
you guys that also inspired these few
changes latula Jensen says you produce
great content because you aren't afraid
to talk about the sensitive topics in
the world and I felt like yeah I do do
that and that's what I like to do and
I'm a hundred percent
100-percent open and not afraid of what
other people think but i feel like i
haven't portrayed that very well on my
channel lately so I want to try my best
to do more aunt is JW anti-feminist
anti-religion videos whenever I have the
inkling to do so I have this one
anti-feminist video that I've been
wanting to do for a while that takes a
little bit of production so I've been
putting it off but I don't want to put
off the bigger production more
interesting videos just because I'm
afraid I'm gonna fuck them up any longer
like the relationship video about me and
Jay if I sit here and I don't like the
way I did it I'll just fucking redo it
until I get it perfect next thing is sec
said ok so have you noticed how many
sponsored videos I've done with sex head
like at first I thought it would just be
like occasional Adam and Eve videos but
there is no end of demand for people
wanting me to review or unbox their sex
products and Adam names a different
story but anytime I take one of those
Commission's I'm making five hundred
dollars so it's like why wouldn't I do
it I like trying out new sex toys but I
feel like it's flooding the sex that
series too much and kind of killing it
at least in my opinion it's not as good
as it used to be so I want to focus on
the hard questions how to learn to
deepthroat and negate your gag reflex
how'd it come really fast things like
that I want the sex that series to be
more like that because those are the
videos that get so many views people
actually want to learn more about sex
they don't necessarily want to see if
this sex toy is good or just have a fun
video with me playing with sex toys they
actually want to learn stuff believe it
or not and they also want to hear me
talk about the more taboo topics and I
want to do that for you guys if you guys
ever want to suggest a topic you can
always do so in the comments I really
love to hear from you guys whether or
not you agree with me on everything it's
really nice to keep the debate open and
I take suggestions from you guys like
all the time I also want to make more
philosophical content I don't want to
stop doing that I know that it's the
least viewed thing on my channel and if
it gets less than 10,000 views I don't
care I want to take a second to thank
all of my patrons on patreon who make it
possible for me to make content than I
enjoy and that you guys enjoy them might
not be the big view count bring her
inner I don't have to give a shit at all
about my view counts and that makes me
feel so good so relieved and I don't
have to worry about making things that
are catchy or using click bait or
anything like that I can just make the
content that personally makes me happy
and makes you guys happy and I thank you
so much for allowing me to do that
through supporting me in such a way it's
amazing thank you because of you guys I
have the life I've always
wanted and I am free to make the content
that I've always wanted without the fear
of making a quota of views so if at
first the philosophical content doesn't
do as well I know a lot of you guys are
really engaged in that there's a lot of
comments on those videos especially for
the amount of views that they get and
maybe you know my viewer base will grow
because I have more diverse content and
that's what I'm all about this channel
is like everything Tara which brings me
to make up occasionally I would like to
make some makeup videos makeup review
videos maybe get ready with me is but
very rarely I'm not going to be posting
ever on the third channel it's just so
hard to promote different channels in
fact I wish I had kept the gaming
channel and the vlog channel all in the
same channel two channels i can manage
but three channels is just too much and
i end up working way too hard on a piece
of content that barely gets viewed just
because it's not on the vlog channel
where the followers are people want to
see it they just don't know there's a
third channel and it's really hard to
reach everyone as a group and say hey i
have a third channel I feel like the
vlog channel is everything Tara whereas
the gaming channel is Tara as a gamer
which is such a huge part of my life
that it kind of makes sense but the vlog
channel can have things like makeup on
it why not make up sex philosophy just
so long as you guys enjoy it and I enjoy
making it I also want to try my best to
do things you guys have been asking for
that I'm not necessarily that interested
in things like a vlog entitled a day in
the life of Tara as boring as it's gonna
be you guys have been asking for it so
much I'm telling you I literally don't
go anywhere I just work and play things
and work out and sometimes eat and
shower the showering part might be fun
and I can do things like my beauty
regimen or how I up keep my beauty
things that are gonna be more
interesting to my lovely female
demographic but can also be kind of just
soothing to listen to my voice or watch
and learn about girly things to the guys
as I said I'm not really worried about
the views I just want to make quality
content I'm also going to be doing a
vlog when I go to Vegas on the 8th gonna
be house shopping going to a wedding so
that should be something more along the
lines of the vlogs that you guys like
who really like out and about vlogs all
right let's move on to the gaming
channel i figured it's fine to post the
gaming channel updates here because most
people who are subscribed to the gaming
channel are also subscribed to the vlog
channel most people also if you don't
know the gaming channel is my main
channel if you haven't checked it out
youtube.com slash tara babcock games so
the first change is I'm no longer going
to be continuing syriza's so like let's
plays and stuff where the viewership is
dropped off and the engagement has
dropped off so like if the viewership is
dropped off but there are a bunch of
people who are still enjoying it in the
comments
then I'll keep it going if you guys are
actually enjoying it I don't see a
reason to get rid of it but if no one's
enjoying it I shouldn't feel obligated
to finish the game this is happening
with my attack on titan let's play so
I'm just gonna drop it I already
finished the game off stream anyway so
it's not that big of a deal and I can
always do that if I haven't and always
do do that if I haven't so there's
really no real reason to keep it going
if you guys aren't enjoying it I can
just play it on my own time the indie
games and the retro games aren't gonna
go anywhere but i want to start making
more mainstream content and what i mean
by that is maybe a video a week or every
other week about the newest game coming
out that i might not be too interested
in just to give it a shot and see what
it's like it might expand my mind more
about which kinds of games i like and i
will also bring in new viewers who will
appreciate the other alternative content
that i make the indie game stuff the
manga stuff and the retro stuff what
sucks about trying to grow my gaming
channel is I have a vlog channel and
most people just prefer the TNA of the
vlog channel so they don't have time to
watch the other channel even if they do
kind of want to watch it and then a lot
of people who come in and watch one
video immediately think that I'm not
really into games despite having like
thousands of videos on that channel of a
diverse range of games but the thing
that keeps me down the most is the fact
that I really don't like most mainstream
games I don't like cod I don't play wow
anymore and all of the newest games are
not necessarily the things I want to be
playing at the moment so when I do like
a newest game unless it's like Final
Fantasy 15 where I've been waiting for
it forever I'll usually like wait a
month or two before I even try it I was
late with the division I was late with
dark souls even though my Dark Soul
series was pretty good because of how I
edited it I just want to make more
everyone friendly gaming content and
find the balance between doing the
things that I like to do and helping my
channel grow as well so that other
people can come in and enjoy the things
that I like to do I never want to sell
out or do something just because it'll
get me views I want it to be like a
happy medium i also want to start doing
more lists videos i'm gonna do my best
to do that me full screen talking about
games showing off my gamer cred in a
very quantifiable way those get a lot of
use things like why i love shadow of
mordor 10 sexiest girls in games I've
been wanting to do a 10 sexiest gamer
girls or 10 most awesome gamer girls for
a while and I definitely have enough
gamer girl friends who were real gamers
and all so beautiful that I could
promote so even if a new game is on
console I'll just make something from my
ps4 and then edit it on my computer and
upload it there I'm going to try to do
like losing my virginity zuv the newer
games as soon as they come out rather
than wait
and catchy list videos right now
tuesdays and sundays on the gaming
channel don't have anything going on i
feel like that makes my schedule a
little bit more doable and in summation
i'm just gonna make sure that the
content is perfect and up to par and
what I want and I'm not going to worry
so much about scheduling and stuff like
that the gaming channel I want to stick
to the gameplay that I like I want to
stick to the indie retro and just my
favorite games like Dark Souls but I'm
also going to throw in a little Skyrim
in there and some of the newer games I'm
a little bit late with dishonored but
that would have been one that I would do
so yeah subscribe there if you'd like to
the link will be at the end of the video
with my awesome new end cards and of
course if you want to watch me play live
twitch TV / tara babcock is the place to
go not really changing much there I just
wanted to remind you guys that there are
about five days left maybe six or
something to get these socks so if
you're interested the link will also be
in the description they're so cute boom
hype and thank you so much for sticking
with me through all of my changes and
all of my metamorphosis as a person I
really appreciate that and I'm going to
continue to give you all of me me
genuinely exactly who I am and nothing
more or less you guys are amazing i love
you so much for being a part of my
community if you did enjoy this please
like the video subscribe to the channel
and have a wonderful day and please post
a comment about what you think I read
almost all of you guys as comments
especially if they're within the first
three days or it's a video that I'm
really proud of what love you guys and
see you in the next video
