or you can just stick them on your dick
as a dick sock so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys and welcome
to an upload on an upload day off oh my
god I'm just making this video really
briefly to let you guys know that for
the next week it's only a 7 day campaign
I am selling these adorable socks they
are the boob hype socks if you haven't
seen this before it's actually an
emoticon I made for my twitch channel
that was approved I used it for a year
and then all of a sudden twitch sent me
a message saying that they no longer
thought it was appropriate for the
twitch community bullshit right but that
means I get to sell it on socks so I
don't usually like limited campaigns but
backdrop com contacted me and they had
such a cute idea for these socks that
I'm like what the hell fuck it I have to
sell 15 of them and if I don't sell all
15 and I sell like 10 I'll probably just
buy the rest and do a giveaway with them
or something but yeah 15 minimum so if
you guys want to help me out and buy the
socks and you think they're cute please
do so and if you're here just because
you have a foot fetish and you think I
might oblige you just wait until after
I'm done talking anyway guys they're
really cute they fit most men's sizes as
well J has size 15 feet and they fit on
him too so you should be fine they won't
be to you in time for the holidays but
they make great gifts and you have my
boobs with hype on your foot like a
fucking badass if you want to support
and buy a pair of socks or a few pairs
of socks whatever please do so if you
don't that's fine I don't mind I hope
you're just enjoying the content you can
also tie them together and wear them as
a scarf why not or you can just stick
them on your back as a dick sock use my
socks as your favorite cum rags or put
them on your hands and make sock puppets
like I'm going to demonstrate right now
I'm twitch and I hate boobs oh yeah well
you're a weirdo because everyone loves
boobs
boo pipe anyway guys thanks for watching
this almost pointless video q.the me
putting on socks montage and if you want
to buy a pair link will be in the
description obviously thanks for
watching
