as much as you like to believe that I've
had tens of thousands of dicks in me
that's not the case so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys a little crude no
story time video this week I'm gonna be
telling you it by the time I called
Jay's sister a bitch and it's not just
that it's quite a clusterfuck of things
but first I want to let you guys know
that if I'm looking uncomfortable or
feeling uncomfortable it's because this
is the first video I have done since my
new boobs braless I'm wearing this cute
little like it's like a bodysuit type
thing that I got at Abercrombie and it
would just look wrong with a bra so I
decided to try it out see how I feel
I've got some great side boob
everything's just looking wonderful and
I'm loving it but I'm supposed to wait
another like two weeks before I go
braless so hopefully we can keep this
video brief and I want to start feeling
uncomfortable so yeah let me tell you
the story about the time I called a
sister a bitch you guys have been asking
for this video I brought it up and then
other people were like yeah that sounds
interesting so I'm doing it here we go
and I promised you guys that have it
done by the weekend specifically Zoe
who's like where's the video and I'm
like you know what I need to just
fucking record this video I am on good
terms with Jays whole family now we've
kind of grown up a little bit and his
sister has stopped personifying all the
things that I hate about a person
whereas before when I first met her I
kind of just despised her for many
different reasons I don't know she's not
a bad person we're friends now a little
bit I mean I've gone to her house and
I've seen her at other events and things
so I'm not here to bash his sister I
hate on her in any way and if she or her
husband happens to see this I fucking
love you guys now you're great and even
though you know Jovana isn't really and
yes her name is Giovanna and his name is
Jovan so ridiculous kind of cringy
actually I don't mean any ill-will even
though you know we might not be the kind
of people that just get along we have
personality differences that kind of
clash with us being friends I still
respect you as part of Jays family and
I'm had a lot of fun with you last time
we hung out anyway with that out of the
way let's go ahead and talk about this
so this isn't really relevant I just
like hit my foot on a box of sex toys
that I just unboxed for my sex ed series
without this attracting too much from
the story I want to talk a little bit
about the state of Jay and i's
relationship back in high school I think
it was my
in year of high school so I think I was
a sophomore and Jay was a senior I'm not
quite sure about a hundred percent about
this it was either me being a freshman
or me being a sophomore and we were
inseparable we were like one of those
really cringey terrible couples that
were inseparable we spend all our time
together and it was like death if we
didn't see each other between classes at
that point I wasn't self actualized I
was a very jealous person and he was
still my boyfriend my actual boyfriend
like we actually were monogamous and
stuff and that wasn't the case like
starting a year later and that was when
I started changing and maturing more but
all of that and how I changed and
matured and how we stopped being in a
regular monogamous relationship and how
we changed as people and evolves
basically I'll save that from my video
on Jay and I is open relationship open
relationship if you can call it that
it's not really even a relationship it's
just like a best friendship where we
like each other's company over anyone
elses company so much so that we're kind
of like partners in life but we don't
put any of the ridiculous superficial
standards on our relationship as is the
tradition of most American people anyway
I digress a lot so Jay would come over
to my house every single morning before
school he would ride the oh my god I
hate my upstairs neighbors you guys I've
complained about them like five times
holy fucking shit all they do is bang
upstairs and it's a really loud banging
and like running around so is like
someone's running on treadmill and then
picking up the treadmill and throwing it
at the ground I went up there and
complained and they're like Lily pie day
we have lettuce that laughs I was like
oh the most employable kind of people in
my opinion I fucking hate people who
make their entire lives about fucking
partying I got that partying phase over
with when I was like an early
adolescence and then my brain grew
larger than a pea again digression so Jo
would take the Metro bus like the actual
regular bus not like a school bus over
to my house and then we would walk to
school because I lived really close so
the high school that we went to right I
would make him breakfast every morning
we would take a nap before we actually
had to go to school because he would
come over a little bit earlier and I was
like a really cuddly awesome time well
his mom started restricting that and
that was annoying and then every time I
was over there and his sister was over
there as well she was really
condescending to me like she is the most
condescending like backhanded saying
things that other people won't detective
but then when it said toward you you
totally pick up on it like there was
this one time where I had this like sexy
Halloween costume and I was like 16 or
and it was like a Playboy Halloween
costume and I was gonna wear it she's
like wow you would wear that outside I
couldn't and it was always comments like
this like backhanded bitchy two-faced
comments that drove me insane and his
sister is the kind of person from my
perspective that's like trying really
hard to show that she's an adult and she
makes fun of all of like the nerd
culture or like liking superhero movies
or playing games
she's very just like trying really hard
to be an adult you know I'm saying like
she cares a lot that people think that
she's on the correct adult path and all
of these things rubbed me the wrong way
so much more so when we were younger and
I feel like she's kind of stopped being
like this also it was a really bad when
I first met her and I tried again and
again to get along with her but it was
like the most annoying grading on my
mind thing that she was this kind of
person that I just couldn't stand it's
kind of fake two-faced living up to the
expectations of others kind of person
I'm sure you all have known someone like
this in your life so there was this one
time and the J went downstairs and asked
something of his parents and I don't
speak Serbian at least not fluently so I
didn't know what was going on but his
sister's husband was there so they were
speaking a lot of English so I could
understand some of it and they were
arguing about something I don't even
remember what but they were being really
in my opinion unfair to J like J side
wasn't being heard J was yelling at them
they were yelling at him his point just
like wasn't getting across and they were
being like really disrespectful in my
opinion so I went down there and started
arguing for him I didn't know how it
works in their culture and frankly I
didn't care I felt like I was part of
his life and I had to say and things
that were happening to him which might
have been a little ambitious for a
sixteen-year-old girl who had only been
dating him for like a year but I was
there all the time
non-stop hundred percent of the time we
were together almost 24/7 and when
injustice is wrought upon someone I
actually care about
I will involve myself outspokenly
because fuck it right so I went down
there I started yelling - and she is
just quiet and then she looks at me and
she says you guys are ridiculous and all
of my hatred for her was mounting and
all of her just like being inconsiderate
and illogical and that argument just
pissed me off to the point where like my
brim was full I'm usually an outspoken
person that just says whatever comes to
my mind but I was trying my best to
respect that that's his family and I
ended up just saying and you're a
fucking bitch and you're a fucking bitch
the thing I've been wanting to say for
so long but for like a year I finally
just went out and said it and it seemed
like it shocked the shit out of everyone
there I don't know if his parents fully
understood mom and a stepdad to be more
correct I don't know if they actually
understood the impact of the word bitch
I think they thought it was more like
mean than it was less like you're being
bitchy and more like using the word cunt
outside of Britain kind of like a
forever attack on her person the meanest
thing you can possibly say I think
that's how they took it and they
basically kicked me out of the house and
said I could never return
Jay and I walked from his house to my
house which takes about two hours the
whole time complaining analyzing and
talking about what had happened and when
we got to my mom's house my mom agreed
with me and sided with me and said the
Jay could live with us and that is the
story of how we started living together
for the last 11 years when I moved out
of my parents house he decided to move
with me and we've been a partnership
ever since and it's been fucking amazing
and I'm still not sick of him he's the
only person it's crazy because I'm not
the kind of person that doesn't get sick
of people like I get sick of people
almost immediately and I don't like most
people most people have some kind of
deal breaker that grates on my nerves
but with him it's kind of like just
being alone with myself and the awesome
thing about that is that we're not like
the same person like I wouldn't like him
if we were the same person we have all
of the same basic values but we stagger
on likes and dislikes enough to show
each other new things like he'll show me
new music and we'll talk about ideas and
he's actually someone that can challenge
me intellectually but yeah that's what
happened I know a lot of people are
gonna say that I was in the wrong and I
feel like I definitely could have
handled it more strategically I
definitely could have handled it better
but when I feel like there's some
injustice brought upon someone I care
about I'm kind of like fuck you fuck the
world us against the world kind of
person and that's just how I am
especially when I was more immature and
more guided by my emotions than I would
like when I was younger that was
definitely me and I didn't like it so I
fucking changed it alright more on Jay
and my relationship later if you guys
want to hear about me and my opinions on
monogamy and my relationship with him I
know many of you have already voiced
that you really want me to do that video
and I will soon but yeah it took years
and years and years to repair that
relationship like I didn't talk to his
sister or even his family for a while
and they still forbade me to go to the
house and tell a point where they missed
Jay so much because I haven't seen him
for years
but they were like okay let's build a
new bridge and now I can go over there
and at first it was awkward but then it
was kind of okay and now they regard me
his family again and they're really nice
to me and I've always felt like there
was a little bit of two-facedness going
on but now no one talks about the
incidents no one talks about the fact
that I didn't see them and J didn't see
them for like a few years now she's
pretty much back to normal and I've
actually gone over to his sister and her
husband's house and hung out and her
husband has played a lot of magic with
us like when we were big into magic and
we went like four times a week he was at
most of the tournaments he's a lot more
casual than we are but never brought it
up never had a problem with it whatever
I hope you guys enjoyed this video like
the video and subscribe if you did if
you enjoyed the story time videos please
let me know and I'll do more of them
it's hard for me to think about things
that are good enough and big enough and
interesting enough for me to make a
storytime out of them and I don't fake
story times so feel like they're finite
definitely and that's why I don't do sex
stories all the time too because those
are also finite as much as you like to
believe that I've had tens of thousands
of dicks in me that's not the case I
love you guys thank you so much for
watching and I will see you next time
and on Tuesday with a new video probably
the Q&A of the month not sure yet fine
feel free to let your opinions flow in
the comments
