anal expert Alice take one action so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to episode of Friday night mail I'm
super excited I changed my phone case
today just for the occasion to my
wonderful Basel aka no face aka a lot of
my friends have been getting this phone
case since I got it and it's really
amazing to see that the studio ghibli
love specifically spirited away is more
widespread than I thought anyway I have
two questions this week I took one from
each of the parts of last week's FM and
I realized after choosing the questions
that it was by the same guy so let's
find out what his name is I totally
forgot his name cuz I'm totally bad with
names
aka the thing people say when they
disrespect people by not remembering
their names all right both of the
questions this week are from Logan
Garcia Logan Garcia this is your FM
accidentally picking your questions both
times I mean that must mean that you
have exceptional questions right anyway
your first question hello Dan Garcia is
what is your favorite Nintendo character
and why by the way I love you and your
vlogs Tara they helped me release stress
after a busy day no pun intended
there's like a hair on my face man no
pun intended is like the thing I like to
hear least in my life
I like intended puns you know what I'm
saying I love them puns the bad ones the
good ones that in between ones
well my questions from this FM or number
54 will make it on the next one
hashtag tried hashtag succeeded so my
favorite Nintendo character and why fuck
dude I know a lot of people would say
like link or Zelda or some shit but I'm
gonna have to say Bowser and I know that
sounds like a ridiculous cop-out because
there are even things like Pikmin and
like there's a bunch of Nintendo
characters that I can choose from the
Bowser to me just personifies badassery
while also being at the same time kind
of weird and kind of pathetic in certain
lights I don't know I just like that
kind of thing in a man when a man is
strong and manly in an antagonist in all
games but then you can totally go ahead
and put him in something like Super
Smash or in like one of the Mario Kart
games or something and he could just be
like a funny douche I don't know I
always saw myself as peach and I always
saw myself as going off in cucking Mario
and I've said this a million times but
yeah I'm sure I could think of it longer
and harder pun intended and find someone
in the Nintendo franchise that I like
better misty maybe that counts right but
my initial gut
action is Bowser all right Logan's next
question is Terra if you are not doing
youtuber modeling what would you be
doing as a career also what do you like
to do in your free time when it's just
you and nobody else
okay regarding the first question I know
I've answered this a few times but let's
talk a little bit more in depth because
we don't have a ton of packages this
time so I can actually take more time to
answer these questions which is fun guys
remember post your questions in the
comments I take two each week and I do
want to hear what you guys want to hear
from me yeah okay so when I was really
really young I wanted to be a singer
like really really young I looked up to
people like Christina Aguilera I thought
she was gorgeous and very talented she's
actually one of the people where I was
like Britney Spears shit compared to her
clearly vocally why is she not more
popular and that's like the first time I
was outraged by the fact that a woman
who is more out there and less PG was
less popular even with more talent just
because Britney Spears was the wholesome
redneck you know what I'm saying but
after I got over the fact that I
couldn't sing at all and started
developing my brain and my other
interests I thought it was gonna be a
lawyer a criminal lawyer I thought I was
gonna be like the one that gets the bad
guys off through my vast knowledge of
lawyering and my cunning and intellect
but the amount of years that I would
have to go to school kind of threw me
off and it also wasn't something that I
had a huge passion for I just knew that
if I applied myself I could probably be
good at it but in order to apply myself
I have this problem where in order to
apply myself I have to have like immense
passion for something like I don't think
I would be able to function and a
nine-to-five job where I'm kind of just
a peon I feel like I would do better in
a manual labor job than I would in like
a McDonald's job I would like the fact
that my work physically exerts me so
that I'm losing weight and you know
building a better body and at least I
would have some passion there you know
and if I was like building houses I
would be building something substantial
that lasts forever
which is slightly interesting anyway
that's not anything I ever wanted to do
anyway obviously so the next thing I
thought I would do is be a writer ironic
that sentence right I've always prided
myself on having a large vocabulary and
being really good at writing pen to
paper or typing but I'm extremely bad at
least I was a few years ago if you watch
some of my older videos and vocalizing
my internalized thoughts everything in
my head sounds so fucking eloquent but
when it comes out of my mouth it's kind
of just like more often
not just like a splurge of randomness so
I thought it would be a good writer I've
written short stories plays things like
that since I was in like kindergarten I
actually wrote a play based on Monty
Python's Flying Circus when I was in I
think first grade or something like that
and I've always enjoyed writing the
problem with me though is if it's not a
short story I get halfway through and
then I stop and I lose interest and it
sucks
I'm sure nowadays if I had to do it I
would be able to buckle down and find
something that interested me long enough
to finish it but back then when my
attention span was like less than that
of a goldfish I just couldn't seem to
finish any of them I did all of J's AP
English homework and shit and all of his
essays when he was two years older than
me
and my ego for writing reading and
comprehension just like boosted through
the roof throughout my education because
everyone was telling me I was reading at
like ten times the level that I was
actually in I got 95 to 99 percentile
results on all of the standardized tests
I've ever taken for reading writing in
comprehension let's not talk about math
and science although I do find a lot of
interest in science the type of science
that they were teaching aside from like
eugenics didn't really interest me
anyway so after I decided that I
probably wasn't gonna be a writer I
wanted to be a criminal psychologist
this is more like the brainchild of
something that could never exist I
really really wanted to interview people
who were serial killers mass murderers
people who had the capacity to kill
without remorse
basically just studying Psychopaths
because that interests me so much and
that would probably be the other job
that I would find most interesting
obviously all of these things except for
maybe being a writer aren't really
options if I just like immediately quit
modeling and youtubing and all that
stuff right now because I didn't have
the schooling to back myself up but I do
have the passion okay now for your
second question what I do when I'm alone
and have free time and no one else is
around that's not really a thing I
basically just live for the amount of
time that I get off to spend with Jay so
like if Jay is still in a league game
and I'm finished with work and I have
about 40 minutes to like just lay on the
bed and play with my phone what I do is
I get ahead and work or I post something
on Instagram or I respond to messages on
discord chatting with my viewers and
stuff is something that's really fun but
it's not something that I allow myself a
lot of time for because then I won't
complete all of the business stuff that
I have to do which kind of makes me sad
but if I have like an extended period of
time to myself I would probably just
stream me playing games the entire time
because I'm gonna be playing games so
why not stream but then I'm not alone so
I don't know I
right let's talk about the winner of the
giveaway that was a bit long-winded I'm
sorry the winner of the giveaway this
week is Michael Emma congratulations
Michael M you are the fine winner of
something but you haven't yet replied to
me so I have no idea what you want if
you guys want to sign up for this week's
giveaway link will be in the description
as always it's really easy just click
the link and follow a few vaginas
check out Jays Instagram follow me on
Instagram check out my Twitter follow my
gaming channel check out my twitch
channel you know yada yada let's go
ahead and open things I saw then I got a
letter from Cadia and I am so excited to
open this letter like oh my god I'm
excited
love love letters I love love letters I
love letters regular letters love
letters it doesn't matter
Oh especially when they come with the
drawing oh my god this is the cutest
drawing
okay there's stuff inside so let's look
at this first she's got me to Target
gift cards no makeup selfie she's so
pretty
you're so pretty no makeup selfie Ulta
because I pledged $10 on patreon I
thought that I should just match my
pledge as your belated birthday present
enjoy a bonus $10 Target gift card love
you Tara
Katie yeah oh my god you look like one
of those like k-pop idols right I'm
assuming you're not Korean maybe you are
Korean I don't know I don't know why I
never asked usually when I have a new
Asian friend I'm like what brand of
Asian are you and since they're my
friends they don't get offended she's so
cute isn't she thank you so much baby
girl now let's read your letter I should
put that picture up behind my stream and
then when people ask like who's the
asian chick like oh that's my baby my
baby dear Tara sorry I'm not the best
artist really this looks like amazing
art like this is like fold on let me
show you I find this to be really
exceptional art I don't know what she's
talking about this is the first time
I've drawn something like this in years
since high school actually so forgive
the messiness and lack of color I just
want to wish you a belated birthday and
I just want to remind you of how much of
an inspiration you are to me before I
found you on YouTube I was extremely
depressed
yes clinically diagnosed and had no idea
what I was doing with my life you're
vibrant and unique approach to sex life
and humanity amazed me and helped
convince me to finally take the leap
into sex work something that I've
thought about before but never actually
thought I'd do I am so happy now as an
online cam girl who also now follows
your philosophy of never taking myself
too
seriously and having fun with my
sexuality oh that's amazing I love it so
much
I knew this letter was gonna be like
fucking beyond the fact or fiction
beyond two souls beyond amazing
obviously every time I say the word
beyond I have that fucking TV show stuck
in my head in that game anyway back to
the letter if it wasn't for you I don't
think I'd be as happy and confident as I
am today with my body and my way of
living on another note I do recall you
mentioning that one of your types of
girls is a cute little asian girl that
you wouldn't mind showing the ropes to
and when I heard that my interest
definitely piqued I'm curious to see if
I'm your type of girl anyway I hope you
had a wonderful birthday and continued
being awesome please feel free to read
this out loud and show the attached
image I don't mind it all love you
Twitter at KD Lang insta at KD Lang and
stream 8 KD Lang I'm gonna post these in
the description so if you wanna check
out her cam work or follow her on
Instagram yes you are my type you're
actually like perfectly my type so maybe
one day we'll meet I also think this is
really really cute it says new boobies
she drew me with the new boobies there's
her and there's me and I have much
longer arms than her for hugging ah
Thank You Kay yeah this fucking letter
made my day you are ha ha ha it's so
crazy to think that like my stupid-ass
videos could ever make any kind of
impact on anyone's life substantially
it's crazy thank you baby girl follow
her links in the description now who
doesn't like Asian girls ah we have a
priority Deutsch posts from Alex oh my
goodness Alex just Alex gonna kill me
with some German cyanide it's not a bad
way to go German cyanide you know what
I'm saying like doesn't seem too bad
whoa
which which way do I start alright we're
gonna read a little bit of this out loud
because it's a long fucking letter my
English is not very well a little bit I
learned in the school a little bit from
animes and music but the most I have
learned from you oh that is a high
expectation you put on my shoulders now
I have to watch my grammar even more and
piss more people off i watch your
channel the last three months you have
saved my life my life is so horrible I
call this the hell I see your face and
your smile but for my it looks like you
will cry maybe it is not so but for me
it seems so you were a strong person
I don't want carrying I'm a little
wanker but I only wanking one time of
your fanservice if I see you the first
time but I never do it again
why not I
listen what you say you are so funny and
smart I have so much respect for you I
love you I'm never killing someone I'm a
doctor's assistant but I know a lot
about fights because I am the punishing
ball of the whole city what should I say
I'm a little idiot
and you will be forever my little idiots
in my heart all right I'm gonna read the
rest of this later but as much as I was
laughing at some of this not being
perfect English I kind of understand
what you're saying and I hope my videos
can do something to make you feel better
and I really appreciate you writing me
this letter I would actually want you to
write me letters more often so that your
English gets better it would be cute if
we can have like a little occasional pen
pal Manship and also he made a YouTube
account
horny little liar I'll post that in the
comments if I can find it there's like -
isn't it so I'm not a hundred percent
sure but I really appreciate you sending
this to me and I can't wait to finish
reading it and trying to decipher it
your English really isn't that bad for
someone who's literally never really
learned English better than my German
and I've actually tried thank you Alex
alright this next thing we have here I'm
actually a little bit down in the dumps
because I feel like this alex guy is sad
and I don't want him to be sad and I
broke the tip of my fucking nail
goddammit what is this it says it's a
bra what kind of bra is this okay so it
was like some sexy mesh panties how do i
okay so it's like this right oh my god I
should use this in fanservice Friday
thank you for sending me sexy lingerie I
have no idea who sent it but I do
appreciate it it's always fun to get new
outfits I can try out for you guys what
thank you alright the next thing we have
is from shaun black who fucking just
amazes me every single time like it's
ridiculous I'm always like when I pick
up my packages there's no way Shaun
Black is gonna give me something and
then Shaun black doth give me something
every single time yes he does
Oh oh my god 8-bit art sticky-note art
kit that's really cool oh my god Jory
flashback classics vol 1 I feel like you
asked me if I already have this yes I'm
so excited thank you so much this is
awesome I don't know what this is but
let's open it oh so exciting oh my god
okay so it gives you a layout of what
you're supposed to do and then it just
gives you like a bunch of sticky notes
with the right colors to make the 8-bit
Mario that's really fucking cool 54 red
sheets 40
for skin color sheets and 54 brown
sheets so he's a total of ah not that
many pixels it also comes with a little
ruler this is really cool
unfortunately I'm probably gonna wait to
actually assemble this until I move to
my house because I don't want to like
ruin it or throw it away or not have it
anymore like that would really suck oh
you can get a koopa troopa fire Mario
and a Goomba really fucking cool didn't
know this existed and or totally wanted
this Thank You Shawn the best I swear
Shawn to God I can't deny it what's this
oh my god I bought myself I bought
myself a birthday present it's links
hoodie or a link cosplay jacket like a
really high-quality one this was 90
bucks and I bought this because I got
the the the link ears and I really
wanted this
so I fucking bought it because I'm a
badass that's right and I bought it an
extra-small so hopefully it fits me
because I have this like huge issue with
buying like smalls or mediums than they
fit like men and I'm like BAM
alright there's no way I'm slipping my
boobs in here but you have to see the
hood oh my god
and then look look at the back you have
to look at the back so epic I love it
but I'm sad that I didn't get a small
now because then I would be able to zip
my tits in it not that I really want is
it my tits in it so it's like whatever
good job Tara pat myself on the back oh
man ok we have like two more packages
and then one that is clearly clearly a
stuffed animal we've got it wrapped hi
Tara I wanted to see what you would look
like with a mask like this I thought it
would look nice much love yoram thank
you dan you guys let's see what kind of
mask oh yes I do like masks come on just
open oh it's killing me I just want to
see it wait what Oh are these the ones
that I'm like supposed to tie oh no no
okay cool let's do this and there we go
I'm a regular fucking bandit with this
thing on I like it alright we have
another one and it's white so we're not
gonna put it on because it's not gonna
be as good I just take a picture with J
wearing this one and me wearing this one
a pink one I like it I feel like if I
weren't outside people would be afraid
of me and that's kind of cool there's
kind of appeal in that I would just have
to figure out a way to make it stay up
Thank You Terry this is cool all right
why is this stuck to my hair stop
welcome to another episode of opens a
box boom Wow
it's from Brandon yeah hey I'm so glad
it has a note he told me that he was
getting me something and then I was like
but there's no note you gotta tell me
what it is and he's like oh there's a
note and I'm like okay hi Tara happy
birthday fellow November baby I hope
your day is safe fun pleasant and as
beautiful as you sincerely Brandon you
know funny thing about having so many
people with a birthday around mine I
realized recently or like a few years
back I guess but I should have realized
a lot earlier that most people have a
birthday similar to you and me Brandon
because Valentine's Day is nine months
before this yep our parents probably
fucked on Valentine's Day maybe it was
even a pity fuck who knows fun fact fun
facts never asked my parents about that
though they do watch my videos so mom
confirm or deny oh this is so care of
Brandon he's so cute look at his tail
look at his poliwag tail oh that's so
adorable
poliwag my new favorite Nintendo
character I remember when I first
started playing Pokemon go they were all
over and I refill in love with this
Pokemon I was in love with him Parris
and who else there was another really
cute one I don't know but this is just
awesome I love it
mmm Thank You Brandon so cute oh my god
what is this oh my god it's from yogin
it's the clock was from Jurgen no way
yogin you're so sweet he's so big
I've always wanted a cat must plushie
and he found me a really big one Oh ahh
this is so awesome
it's the cat face from my neighbor
totoro and it's so big and soft
this is the best Jurgen you're a fucking
god oh you did not have to do this look
at their little mousies and even has a
little thing so I can hang it thank you
so much you're again you're me
I really love you guys thank you so much
Alex and fucking Cadia for sending me
letters Alex I hope you're happy I can't
really tell through the Engrish if
you're doing okay but I don't know know
that my heart is there with you fellow
German not really a German but I wish I
was and keep sending me letters and keep
practicing your English writing letters
is a great way to relieve stress and
it's also a great way to learn a
different language and I would love to
receive them thanks so much guys thank
you so much Sean black Jurgen Brandon
everyone you guys are amazing don't
forget to post your questions in the
comment section check out the
description for links to Alex and Cadia
who are amazing also I'll post a new
guy's links as well because he deserves
it he is so supportive and he's one of
my closest friends to be honest have a
wonderful wonderful fucking weekend I'm
gonna ride my cat bus to the mall and
make people of color sit in the front
everybody love a racist joke see you
guys next week with a new Friday night
mail don't forget to sign up for the
giveaway and post in the comments what
you think and if this entertained you
love you guys
