every woman should have one of these in
her arsenal a jelly double-ended dildo
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want sex ed
with Tara take one action hey guys
welcome to a new episode of sexy Butera
this is my birthday haul of Adam and Eve
merchandise yes this is a sponsored
video but I fucking wholeheartedly and
honestly fucking love Adam and Eve they
are my favorite sex toy company I was
extremely excited the first time that I
got to work with them because they have
been my favorite sex toy company for a
very long time and they sent me a bunch
of stuff from my birthday I was supposed
to have this last week but fucking Jay
so is Jay is Fault he thought that this
package from Adam and Eve was actually
one of the gifts that he got me so he
made me wait until like after my
birthday to open it and then we find out
it's not even a present from him it's a
present from Adam and Eve so yeah that's
why this video is late his fault not
mine the first thing I'm going to be
showing off today is this lovely piece
of lingerie I've kind of gotten in the
habit of asking Adam Eve to send me a
lingerie piece that I like so that I can
wear it in the video so that not only
does the video get more views and you
guys enjoy the viewing experience but I
have something relevant to wear in the
video something that makes it feel a bit
more sex Eddy sex toy sex Eddy sex Eddy
some guy named Eddy should totally make
a sex ed series that would be great this
is what the lingerie piece looks like in
the front and this is what it looks like
in the back and you can tighten the
straps yes you can this is by the
company Renee Rolf or Renee Rolla
I'm not quite sure Tippy's Hollywood
chemise and g-string set and yes it does
come with a g-string I would show you
more of it on me but I don't have the
stockings and I also don't want to get a
content strike I find this to be very
comfortable I think this is a medium I
asked them to get me medium because I
wasn't sure if my new boobs would fit in
a small I used to always get small and
it was like hit and miss with the boobs
also have you see anything that looks
like nipple that's not possible because
my boobs are still taped for another two
weeks the tape is so annoying anyway
before we go any further I want to let
you guys know that if you want to buy
anything you see in the video here
except for the really cool anime blow-up
doll we'll get there soon you can get a
50% off using the promo code Tara at
adamandeve.com plus free shipping
anywhere in the United States
fifty fucking percent off almost any one
item it's insane you can buy lubes toys
lingerie porn what-have-you
anyway let's get back to the fun part of
the video not the promo the unboxing so
we're gonna go ahead and unboxing you me
first even though you can't get you me
hundred percent off Adam and Eve was
nice enough to send this for my birthday
this is an Asian animes sex toy blow-up
doll with a tight ass a succulent pussy
a pouty mouth and big tits and she
probably looks nothing like she does in
the box but I'm sure she still does the
job so let's go ahead and open it up
this is also by Doc Johnson at first
glance she doesn't look too bad does she
smells very much like rubber
dere vagina I'm only seeing things in
German alright here we go
attach hose to the pump air outlet pump
may not be included oh my god am I gonna
have to blow into this am I gonna have
to blow into this one thing I'm noticing
right off the bat that's really cool is
the fact that it comes with patches they
expect you to like put holes in this
thing like really like needle dicks all
around just putting holes in asian anime
bitches is that what's going on it's
very thoughtful that it comes with three
patches and some glue though Thank You
doc Johnson and there she is
I am NOT gonna spend my time blowing
this up right now it doesn't come with a
pump it looks like but she does have
wonderful holes in all the areas you'd
expect her to maybe I'll post a picture
of this on Instagram fully blown up once
I find a sufficient bike pump or
something to do the job alright you
can't get her 50% off anyway so let's
just move on Thank You Adam and Eve for
the birthday gift I use anime sex toy
dolls Oh what would the world be like
without agen sex dolls it's not a world
I would want to live in alright the next
thing that I personally asked for and if
you guys don't know I hand-picked these
every single time I always want them to
be new interesting and things that I
don't personally have yet
okay so pleasure bondage tape I'm super
excited about this because I wasn't
aware there was like a specific tape for
bondage non-sticky bondage tape only
sticks to itself this is really cool so
you're not gonna get like the tape
remnants all over you which is quite
annoying I should know I've been taped
for weeks won't stick to body hair
reusable wrap it over and over again
this is really cool so we're gonna try
this stuff I highly recommend this if
you don't want to use things like rope
that can chase because this only sticks
to itself oh yeah
alright so it's basically like if you
ever had one of those books where like
you can dress up the different like
Disney characters or something in
different like little clothes I don't
know how to explain it if you've ever
had a sticker book where the stickers
can come back off again it's kind of
like that and yeah it appears to be
very sticky on itself but feels like
nothing on me how interesting is that
I'm wrapping myself up but it's not
actually sticking to me very very very
cool invention whoever invented this
deserves a high-five due back with this
non sticky shit no one's gonna be able
to tape my mouth closed you can tape
around my whole head but we'll save that
for another time because I don't want to
ruin my wonderful pink lip gloss kind of
hard to put back the way it was without
kind of messing it up so you have to be
careful in patient that is my only word
of advice and yes this does fall under
the category of 50% off as will the rest
of the stuff also we're saving best for
last I found something on the site that
is so cool all right next thing we have
is just a straight-up double-ended
fucking dildo oh my god this is good for
lesbian play bisexual play wrapping
around your neck and choking yourself
you also just have a lot more to grab
onto if you're using it solo but I feel
like every woman should have one of
these in her arsenal a jelly
double-ended dildo and I didn't have one
so Adam and Eve helped to rectify that
issue for me on my birthday
it's super jelly super Wiggly so you can
scissor all you want and I'm really glad
I now have this and wish I had it in the
past when I had more lesbian encounters
this would have been very interesting it
would also be interesting to peg a guy
with this while using it on yourself not
something I'll probably accomplish but
still interesting nonetheless oh I'm
amazed at the wiggliness i I'm just like
installed by the wiggly's oh it's so
ugly
someone should use this as a baton but
yeah an excellent purchase if you're
interested in this kind of thing the
next thing I got was this dildo because
let's be honest you can never have
enough dildos that also penetrate your
asshole it's jelly it's squishy it feels
a little bit pre lubed which is kind of
weird it appears to take two double-a
batteries it's 7.5 inches 19 centimeters
it has a jelly soft flesh like texture
warm to the body and it's Fallot free if
you guys don't know if phthalates are
it's a really terrible ingredient that
sometimes comes in jelly or low-quality
sex toys
it breaks down over time and can often
break down in your body so I can leave
remnants as you're using it
I like how thick it gets at the end if
you guys can see it's like ribbed here
and that's great to increase her
pleasure when involving the clit oh my
god it smells like a grape fruit roll-up
too maybe that's what the initial
biz it's hilarious it's purple and it
smells like grape that is awesome I
thought I was just adding this as an
add-on because why the fuck not but now
I actually can't wait to use it all
right all right we're gonna move up
we're gonna move on so I got this bang
her g-spot finger vibe I feel like
anyone who is actually into fingering
should use this women can use this on
themselves they can use on their clit
sore inside their vaginas unfortunately
you have to use the stupid round
batteries but it does come with them
let's see how baby this thing is all
right there's like a bullet inside here
that kind of looks like a clit I
personally don't like fingering but I'm
definitely gonna be using this on my
clit the vibration is pretty strong can
you guys hear that and it's pink
I approve guys if you want to give more
pleasure to your girl or I guess girls
if you want to give more pleasure to
your girl while fingering her especially
if you're in the experimental phase I
highly recommend this oh the off buttons
on the tip so if you bang her hard
enough it'll turn off while you're using
it that might be a downfall or maybe
it's a warning that you're shoving it in
there too hard also very useful when you
have nails like these the next thing we
have I am so fucking excited about okay
I don't know why there's a picture of a
guy on this box but I'm gonna be using
this on my fucking self this is shock
therapy nipple clamps shock your lover
or shock yourself so yeah you have this
little thing that you put in the palm of
your hand with a button you can turn it
up and down and you can fucking shock
your nipples or whatever you clamp this
to give your sex life a charge with the
shock therapy Electric nipple clamps
perfect for beginners and those new to
electro sex
these spring-loaded clamps plug it into
the electro power unit and provide
thrilling East emulation choose a
setting on the control units dial to
control the intensity and go from a
sensuous tingle to a throbbing tap in an
instant alright so it comes with a face
mask which if you're a connoisseur of
sex toys probably have in no short
supply like me comes with a little
dongle thingy comes with the circle
battery necessary to use it and the
remote control alright so what if I put
it on my finger damn it I wanted to
shock myself how do I make this work
place the battery inside the control
unit with the positive side facing up
slide the cover closed alright so I did
it right the first time
plug the nipple clamps into the
electrical unit switch the directional
switch to into power the nipple clamps
ah why is it shocking me to touch this
ah
what the fuck so is in what I'm supposed
to do then I'm just like shocking the
shit out of myself a lot we'll figure it
out later I'm going to turn this off
before I kill myself very interesting
product though I am definitely
interested in shocking my nipples in the
future the next thing we have is the
perfect fit clip master now anything
that says it's a clip master and is on a
percent silicon I am definitely down
with trying
I like pleasuring my clit while also
pleasuring my vagina it's just more fun
that way it's like double orgasm and it
looks like this nothing else required
very soft silicone it looks like it
requires one double-a battery and you
can use the head to massage the clip
since I don't have any double-a
batteries on hand I'm gonna go ahead and
take their word for it and try it out
later
I definitely recommend all girls getting
something that stimulates their clitoris
things that just penetrate your vagina
are not necessarily gonna make you cum
especially easily so it's definitely
nice to have a clitoral massager laying
around for when you can't get sex or
you're lazy and you just want to come
fast
I recommend like a rabbit dildo that
stimulates the clit well it penetrates
you but stuff like this is cool too I
swear some of this stuff looks like
alien technology awesome second to last
item we have is the Robo lick 60 X plus
what the fuck is going on here it looks
like something from the movie alien it's
got a cool protection cap so it like
completely becomes this like little
circle thing with a handle and it says
unique design which my god they're not
kidding let's go ahead and just get it
open because I'm fucking excited to find
out what the fuck this thing even does
but I saw it and I was like yeah we got
to try it I'm done with the salic shaped
dildos I want something that looks like
an alien probe all right here we go so
this is what it looks like when it's you
know being put away for storing and all
that it matches my outfit and my lips
perfectly it's like a lollipop mm
probably shouldn't lick things I haven't
washed but when you take the cover off
you've got this weird-lookin thing and
this thing and you can like put this
inside of you and use this on your clit
I'm assuming please have a charge please
have a charge oh yes what the hell oh my
god is vibrates it it spins and it does
all manner of weird things what is this
what the hell what is going on this is
so interesting I cannot wait to try this
you can make it go even faster
assuming this stimulates your g-spot or
maybe the top of your clit while this
stimulates near the opening of your
vagina your labia and the bottom of your
clips I think you can use it in all
different ways but that's enough for now
kind of freaking me out let's go ahead
and put put the cap on this thing
I'm gonna try you later oh yeah love
boss the future of masturbation what an
interesting contraption
I love shit like this and last but
certainly not least and something I'm
very excited about a motherfucking
rubber duck that doubles as a clitoral
vibe waterproof massager I rub my ducky
oh my god it has three speeds it comes
in a cute little case like it's a
regular rubber ducky and no one would
ever know if they saw this in your
shower that you were rubbing your ducky
as always it's Sal eight free I just cut
the shit out of myself holy fuck instead
of a paper cut I just gave myself a
fucking plastic cut come on start
bleeding it's right on the fucking
crease there - oh my god
things I sacrifice for sex toys
apparently alright we've got my rubber
ducky I don't know if you can see on his
back but on his back it says duck knee
press here to turn on and as with a lot
of electrical things you have to like
pull these out to make it work I think
you can hear the button turning on and
off for some reason I can't pull these
out so I'm assuming I have to take this
panel off and put batteries in it or
something and I don't know where I would
have to go to get Jase tools so for now
I'm just gonna say this is my favorite
thing of the whole package and if you
want any of these things and more if
you're in the market for any kind of sex
toy laundry or anything else please
check out adamandeve.com you can get 50%
off using the code terra
they are my favorite sex toy company and
they've been so fuckin good to me and he
helped me further the sex ed series
quack quack Gregg that's very ducky
I agree you'd be a fool not to check
them out thank you so much for watching
like the video and subscribe to the
channel and please post in the comments
what you want me to cover on next week
sex ed and by next week I mean two weeks
from now every other week I love you
guys so much and I really appreciate you
guys being a little bit more open with
your sexuality and not judging others so
much for it either sex is fun it's
natural it's awesome and I hope you guys
feel comfortable enjoying it until next
time keep ducking
weird birthday sex toy haul cut
