hey guys welcome to a new episode on my
vlog Channel today I decided to record
at my computer because I'm using my 5d
canon mark 3 the really really
good expensive camera that I usually use
that they're in here anyway and I wanted
to show you guys some of the people that
I support with my own money
on patreon and twitch because I think
it's very very important that if you
have the extra money and you're really
enjoying the free content that content
creators make for you and if you're like
getting something out of it like if
you're learning something if you're
being entertained when your days are
like you know not that great you come
home you watch a YouTube video someone
makes you laugh makes you feel better
like the way that most content creators
make money is not through ad revenue ad
revenue is really bad especially for the
more real content creators who speak
their minds or talk on topics that are
like about rape or news or you know
drama or anything just like most content
creators don't make very much money off
of ad revenue this is like our jobs this
is something that we love to do that we
put passion into and we want to be able
to keep creating it at the you know
utmost quality spending all of our days
doing it instead of actually having like
a real job and then the content suffers
in the amount of time spent suffers and
especially for me like I have two
channels I have like a bunch of
patreon rewards that I have to keep up
with and I have a twitch channel and I
want to stream as much as I possibly can
but sometimes that's not realistic
because I have so much other work to do
and I just I appreciate people who
support me so much and this video is not
talking about supporting me it's talking
about how content creators can still
support other content creators and I
think it's very important to give shout
outs if you don't have the money or to
just post in the comments and let people
know constructive criticism what they're
doing right liking the videos even
though it doesn't really do anything to
like' or dislike' a video it's kind of
like a gauge for the content creator to
see like how well they're doing and how
well people are receiving the content
that they're making so I just wanted to
give a shout out to a bunch of content
creators who I give my own money to
because I am NOT above supporting people
who I believe make amazing content or
who support me we're just gonna get
right into it without getting a little
mushy we're gonna start off with patreon
these are my pledges this is Mike stone
okay Mike Stone makes a German smut he
basically makes German
errotica he pledged to me and then we
started talking about philosophy we
started talking about like all these
crazy things and I really respect him
and think he's great so I'm pledging the
same amount that he's pledging to me and
we're just kind of pledging to each
other so we get our little pictures on
the side
my next pledge is to pull up John
fiction he makes YouTube videos and I
think he also streams but I mostly just
watches YouTube videos he was a pledge
to me for a while and then he had to
discontinue his pledge because I don't
know money issues or he went to school
or something I don't know but I still
support him because I think he's great
and he's positive and he's wonderful
my sister Lady Sarah this is a get
germanized on YouTube he's he once
posted on my youtube channel and he's
not pledged to me I just pledged to him
because I liked his content I think he's
hilarious
he once posted on I think it was
Valentine's Day he posted something in
German like my Valentine in German or
something and I thought it was really
cute I think he has a girl for an hour
or whatever but I just really I like his
content I think it's funny and you guys
know I love German men and you know the
German language and stuff so learning
more about it is very cool for me I
pledged $1 up to 3 times a month
we don't really talk that much for
anything so and this was when I first
started making money I used to not be
able to support anyone I didn't have any
twitch subscriptions because I was like
barely making my rent doing what I was
doing but now that I feel like I have a
little extra money even though I'm
saving to move and saving to do other
things I really feel like it's important
to give back as much as I possibly can
and I put a lot of money into giveaways
and stuff too because I want to give
back to the people who aren't content
creators but support me now we have mint
on three he makes this creepy and
amazing art I want to click on
his page and like show you some of the
art but that would be like you know
circumventing you guys having to pay to
see the content and that would be like
disrespectful but he has like a really
creepy art and we've talked about like
him making a portrait of me or something
I sent him a bunch of nudes well like
you know not nudes but like implied
nudes so you could see the contours of
my body to draw me and stuff his art is
creepy and beautiful and amazing and if
you guys want to check him out it's mint
on 3 on patreon the next person is Jesse
Williams he pledged to me and he makes
youtube videos so I decided to pledge
back to him I've only watched like one
of his videos but I think it's great to
cross-promote and help people who are
helping me the next person is shoe
on head I love Siwon heads
videos I think she is one of the best
people for the whole like anti-feminist
you know logic in your way out of
irrational sjw videos I
love her and I've never talked to her
but I gave her $1 per video it's very
cute we have a great a under a a lot of
people hate great a under a but I don't
I think he's hilarious I don't agree
with everything that he says but a lot
of the things that he says are like
either they resonate with me or I love
just how outspoken and how he just more
people that aren't full of shits and if
they're full of they like own it
you know I like that about people
and I feel like grade-a Andre is one of
those people the next person I support
is Ireland Reid she is this great super
 sexy big boobs nice Fit Body
redhead cosplayer and she this is okay
so if you want to support someone on
patreon and get the most bang for your
buck Ireland Reid puts out more content
than me and she's the only person I've
ever seen who puts out that much content
she's insane she definitely
gives back to everyone and she is super
supportive of me and everything else I
love everything that she posts extra
pictures behind-the-scenes autographed
images and things it's just awesome and
she always updates you when she's gonna
be in your town for like a con or
something the next person I support is
Nicolas el stotch he is the creator the
very first creator of Tara says and
he makes a lot of my Tara says
videos he started a patreon for his
tumblr as well as for his other video
endeavors I just think he's great he
makes the most hilarious Tumblr posts
and makes tumblr not feel like the
breeding ground for anus hats like it is
it's just he's great Blaire white I
 love Blaire white she talks a
lot about the SJW she's
anti-feminist anti people being idiots
on the Internet I love how she is she
talks like look kind of like a valley
girl but everything she says is
hilarious it's really good and really
well done and she's very intelligent and
she's kind of like the antithesis of how
she sounds like she would be because she
sounds kind of like she's putting on
that you know valley girl accent or
whatever she's also a transgendered
woman and she's very open about it she's
not like sensitive about it and she will
talk about it really cool really
outspoken really confident woman and I
 love her next person is a little
eatin Daisy Leighton Daisy was a
personal friend of mine she also you
know she streams she does cooking shows
she I think she does a little
but a cosplay post sexy picture she
actually will send you like Polaroids or
something monthly I think she does like
a Polaroid drawing which is really hot
she sent me one in my last FM or the FM
before I think it's just like a little
Polaroid of her boobs and it's really
cute really personal the drunken
peasants podcast and the amazing atheist
I pledge 6.66 that's one of his options
I didn't choose that I'm not trying to
be edgy or get into his micro penis or
anything but I really love the drunken
peasants podcast even though I didn't
enjoy as much being on it because I feel
like it was too politically I don't give
a about politics I will talk about
feminists and sjw's and random people on
the internet as much as you want
me to but I feel like they didn't you
know it's not their responsibility to
tailor the videos to me you know it's
that's not what they should be doing and
I should be able to hold my own I just
feel like I mean I've been watching a
lot of the Trump and Hillary Clinton
videos but like as far as like the
actual inner workings of it and to say
that I actually have an opinion I I just
don't spend time on it so if they want
to make quality content they probably
should have done like feminist or
something at around the amazing atheist
I he was one of the first people that I
ever subscribed to on YouTube like I
made a YouTube channel for just like my
my modeling videos and stuff and never
really used it and never subscribed
anyone but I subscribed to him because I
watched like two of his videos back in
like what 2011 or something and then I
didn't watch him for a long time and I'm
watching him again and the contents
gotten so much better and I as much as I
don't feel like he would like me very
much in real life and you know we
wouldn't click that much I love
his content and I definitely support
what he does next we have 3x gaming 3x
gaming is my BBC as I always call him
he's a good friend of mine he's always
supported my content he also makes
Tara says videos he makes really really
great gameplay videos if you watched
destiny or I think he's played GTA
before he plays the division a bunch of
different games he likes a rocket League
and stuff we played rocket League
together and occasionally we'll play
games on stream together he's also one
of my twitch mods and stuff there's very
few of them right now so that's like
kind of like a high ranking in the
friendship ladder you know next we have
spider one two four six he makes amazing
covers oh my god amazing metallized
covers of like different video games and
different like cool nerdy nerd culture
things I definitely recommend you check
him out he sent me
something for my Friday night mail once
then I posted some of his work in the
video if you guys remember that the next
one is J mood or Jade affronti
photography and artistry he's a good
friend of mine he's just starting out
his page but I decided to like you know
be the the first Pledger and first
supporter of his stuff
Ozzy man reviews I wanted to I wanted to
pledge to him because I wanted to see
more of his videos he's the guy that
like has the Aussie voice narrating
things like goat trying to humans
and stuff I just think his content is
hilarious it's definitely something that
can take the edge off of a day and I
really recommend watching his content
because it's great next person
and second to last person is Caitlyn
Caitlyn is a twitch streamer she also
makes his vlogs she is one of the most
hard-core female gamers I've ever seen
in my entire life I think she's a
grandmaster in StarCraft she loves Metal
Gear Solid I actually support her on
Twitch too because her little icons are
like snakes but and there's like
one of the little exclamation marks like
you know it's really great and she's
amazing she's always been one of my
supporters and someone who agrees with a
lot of the things that I say even though
she looks like more of a like sweet girl
she's not necessarily the sweet girl
that you might think she is and lastly
on patreon I follow Kayla Rose Kayla
roses a friend of mine I just recently
met she supports my content and I'm not
even sure what she does on here I just
like pledged back to her I think she
makes YouTube videos a little bit we're
gonna try not to show her anything yeah
she erotic photography videography and
gaming videos she's a really cool chick
really nice really gorgeous I
love her lips and I definitely recommend
you checking her out all right let's go
to twitch I don't wanna make this too
long I don't I don't subscribe to that
many people on Twitch cuz I don't watch
live streams that much but still when
there's someone who's content I really
support her I want them to keep you know
continuing to make content I support
them anyway even though I am NOT always
on their streams and stuff the first
person is miss Mia Rose Mia Rose was the
only other female streamer I even knew
of back when I started streaming in late
2011 early 2012 she helped me out a lot
with a bunch of different things when my
paypal got you know just completely
wrecked and they like canceled my
account or stuff she helped me like find
out how to get it back by like talking
to the managers and stuff she said it
happened to her she's always been like
my mom in terms of like content creation
she has a NPC in World of
Warcraft she plays a lot of World of
Warcraft I think she plays a little
league and some other things but she's
like no very just like upfront
about her past in pornography and she's
a really cool chick and really
pretty I haven't done my twitch Prime
subscription for the month but I'm gonna
be subscribing to Lady of Alexis she is
a new subscriber of mine and she's
really cool she has a lot of really cool
icons for her stream and I think she's
great here's Caitlyn again and as you
can see there's the booty one
she's got a bunch of Solid Snake ones
they're really cute and like her icons
are just the cutest ever I support a
deep Muslim - Muslim is the devil Taran
he's a pro Starcraft player we were
friends he used to be my my duo partner
I guess you don't call it duo we just
play to be twos and we were at a masters
to be to League together and he would
basically just like go wreck them while
they attack me and then he just lets me
die and it was really fun I made for a
bunch of really fun streams he's a
really cool dude met him in life quite a
few times and he supported me on my
channel for a while he has a girlfriend
now so I'm not sure if he's still
subscribed I think there's kind of a
stipulation there with most people like
you're gonna get a girlfriend you can't
really subscribe to Tara Babcock yeah
he's a really cool dude really funny
British accent love him the next
person and I highly recommend you follow
this chick she's gorgeous she's
got huge tits a tiny waist and she plays
first-person shooter games like black
ops I don't love first-person shooter
games but I love her personality I think
she's gorgeous I think she's intelligent
she lives in my state and I think she
doesn't get enough viewers she gets like
a couple hundred years and I I believe
that she deserves thousands there's so
many girls on Twitch who like clearly
don't aren't as good as her or you know
people who actually care about gaming
and stuff and I would rather support the
ones rather than going into their
channel with thousands of viewers just
screaming obscenities at them and
treating them like and like them
feeding off of that energy and that
money I would rather just support people
like smaller channels that I believe
should be bigger or big channels that I
believe should be as big as they are and
ducky is one of them she's awesome you
should definitely check out our
Instagram as well if you're into that
sort of thing but if you like
first-person shooters it's basically
like the me of first-person shooters and
finally I subscribed to myself I I don't
think I'm paying for this but if I am it
would be worth it because my emoticons
are pretty cute too if you guys want to
check out any of these here just
like search them or maybe I'll post them
in the description if I get the time to
do so but I really do recommend these
people and I recommend it's not it
doesn't make you like lower than the
person to support the person a lot of my
real-life friends don't support me and
my content either like by watching it at
all or monetarily and I don't expect
them to but I feel like a lot of people
feel like there's a negative connotation
like it puts you below them on a
hierarchy just because you're supporting
their content but when someone is
working from the ground up it's kind of
like a mom-and-pop store if you go and
become a patron of what they're doing
because you support it and you believe
in it there's nothing wrong with that
and I respect everyone who supports me I
don't look at them as lesser than me I
don't look at them as like fans who you
know aren't deserving of talking to me I
try to talk to as many people as I can I
try to give this many rewards as I
possibly can for being a supporter of me
whether it's just me always being real
and honest with everyone or you know
just supporting other people as much as
I can when I have like extra money or
trying to upgrade my content as much as
I possibly can like it kills me like to
have lower quality content like my my
last videos and how the audio was just
off on phones like that kills me like
I'm doing my best because this is my
passion because that's something I care
about because giving you HD quality with
like really nice sounding audio and like
having a really nice backdrop for
everything it's very important to me to
give you the best visual experience and
the best viewing experience that I
possibly can so I hope you guys
appreciate that and I hope you guys
check out some of these content creators
because I definitely recommend them if
you haven't already please follow me on
Instagram at Tara Babcock and post in
the comments who you support on Twitch
and patreon I'd love to hear and I'd
love to check out other people who you
think are worthy like the video
subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed
and I will see you in the next video I
hope you enjoyed this kind of random
video that I've been wanting to do for a
while because I just wanted to give
everyone a shout out also thumbs up for
black lips oh and my this is a
one-seat you guys let me show you let me
 show you this onesie so good
