master-level anal pleasure er so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys and
welcome to another Adam and Eve unboxing
today we're gonna be unboxing a bunch of
stuff but the coolest thing I got this
time is this mystery box it says kinky
surprise bag it's in there like a plain
box so I have no idea what's in it and
I'm really excited to find out also I'm
super excited to film today because not
only am i wearing like some super sexy
ane lingerie
I also got my Canon 5d Mark 3 back which
means that the quality's so much better
we got bokeh in the background aka that
background blur and you guys just know
how much I geek out about production
quality so with my new ring light and
with some super sexy atom new products I
think this is gonna be a good video
first of all I would like to thank
adamandeve.com for sponsoring this video
as well as sending me all these fucking
sexy products to try out so if you guys
want to support my sponsor which helped
support me in turn you guys can check
out adamandeve.com you can use the promo
code tara to get 50% off almost any one
item and free shipping anywhere in the
US and in Canada the only thing that can
make this video better is if my hair
wasn't so greasy anyway the first item
we have today is this wonderful lingerie
dress I'm wearing by looking at the way
the girl looks and this thing you would
think that it actually is lingerie but
on me it goes past my knees I really
like the top here though you can't tell
the way she's wearing it but it really
shows off the cleavage and it has these
weird little straps here I actually have
a bra that does the exact same thing and
I was always like am I wearing this
right but now now that I've seen another
product with the exact same design I am
pretty confident I'm doing it right the
back is just kind of like a little bra
clasp and then and in the bottom here it
shows her taking her boob out and still
having this outline of a bra so it's
supposed to be like a bra and bra kind
of dress thing it says it's convertible
convertible as in you take this part
down and it just shows your titties your
titties just flop the fuck out that's
pretty much it anyway I wasn't sure if I
would like this I'm not really a dress
kind of person but if I ever did have to
go to a club event or something again I
would crop this up wear some high heels
and make this into an actual dress like
a cocktail dress or something oh and by
the way I'm gonna try to put all the
links of all the products down in the
description too so if you want a
specific product you're seeing in this
video the link
be down there and once again Adam Nev
comm tons of money off it's the best
fucking promo code Tara any company ever
gives me and I just love working with
Adam and Eve if you've been here for a
while you know I work with them pretty
much every other month and I just really
enjoy it they're great people moving on
the next thing we have here is the
satisfier Perot penguin next-generation
I've been trying these things out for a
while now these little things that like
just beat the shit out of your clitoris
with like ultrasonic waves or something
I don't even know how this works but I
really do like them it's very good I'm
gonna break this safety seal right here
Oh take this out oh my god it actually
has a bow I thought it just like how to
bow in the picture to be cute but it
actually has a bow it actually looks
like a penguin I feel like any guy
coming across this coming across I
honestly do feel like any guy coming
across this would probably just think
this is like an exfoliator for the face
or some dumb shit okay we have it up to
max now and it's actually pretty quiet
especially when it's next to my hand
like I'm putting this directly in front
of the mic you guys can't see the mic is
actually in between my tits right now
below me and it is not loud it's
actually quieter and it feels like it
might be a little bit stronger maybe
that's why it's called next generation
the next generation of penguin vibrators
or I guess you would say clitoral
stimulator 's and this is how you charge
it this is actually magnets there's like
little magnets here there you clasp it
on to the bottom and it stays like that
very nice the bow is a nice touch I have
to say I think you can actually oh you
can actually take off the bow if you
don't like it so if you think this is
too adorable like I do but in a bad way
you can go ahead and just take it off I
don't see why you would though please
for my sake if you buy this product keep
it looking like a cute little penguin
with a bow then every time you
masturbates ladies you can think of me
every time you diddle your dinky okay so
this is a little bit interesting I had
Adam and Eve choose most of the products
here not the outfit but I pretty much
just want to see what's new or on sale
and in stock and a diminutive and my
contacts at Adam and Eve is actually
usually pretty good at this stuff and
this time he sent me a bunch of hemp
products so let's see we've got a hand
and body lotion our non-greasy formula
absorbs quickly and contains a nutrient
rich
of hempseed and argan oil then there's a
bath and shower gel and a three-in-one
massage candle as well as some lip balm
can never have enough lip balm so let's
go ahead and take this stuff out and
smell it this is called skinny dip it's
a three-in-one massage candle I think
what they mean by massage candle is you
heat it up
let me just read I don't want to
postulate what the fuck when I can just
read burn candle until partially liquid
allow oil to melt to the edges of the
tin pour or spoon into hand and apply to
skin so you have like this warm oil that
is generated by the heat of the candle
the smell is wafting through the air and
then at the same time you get to scoop
some of it out and just like blather it
all over your partner's body this sounds
hot
I like that it reminds me of when you go
into like the the Bath & Body Works at
the mall or just like walk past the bath
& Bodyworks at the mall it smells so so
fucking good so I'm not gonna be looking
at the shower gel or the balm because I
already have some gloss on my lips but
we're gonna assume they're of the same
quality we're crossing over into
fanservice Friday territory here now but
it smells so good it's not super heavy I
approve
all right now let's take something from
this side of the pile we've got the
earth Quaker rechargeable anal vibe and
it's in black so it's gonna be good for
both men and women because women don't
care what color their sex toy is
actually I prefer it to be pink but I'll
still use a black sex toy and men are
most certainly not going to use an anal
vibe that's bright pink well we're
testing how durable it is okay guys
twelve vibration modes we've got gently
rounded tip for easy insertion oh yeah
gradual bulbous body for varied levels
of pleasure that's the cool thing about
stuff like this when you see anal beads
that are gradually getting bigger or
something like this it usually means
that if you're a beginner you can start
out with literally just the tip so this
is basically a toy that's good for
beginner all the way to master level
anal pleasure er by the way guys you
like that bitcoin back there J got me
that for Christmas here we go
this is what it looks like it's inside
this nice velvet area and wow I can
promise you guys with great conviction
that the last part here will not fit
into my anus
I'm not a fan of anal with people as big
as Ju because it just it hurts no matter
the prep no matter the Lube it takes far
too long for my anus hole to normalize
and for it to not be agony all right
let's see if we can turn this on just
one click you don't have to hold it to
turn it on as always with the anal toys
are gonna have the longer base so you
don't get it lost in your rectum
somewhere because yeah there's no end
like there is with the cervix in the
vagina
it's very nice body-safe silicone this
is probably my favorite toy so far even
though I'm not like super into the whole
anal play thing when I'm masturbating I
feel like if a guy is gonna get an anal
vibe and he's new to prostate
stimulation this is a good toy to get
because most guys don't need longer than
this much to reach their prostate and to
stimulate it properly
whereas you've got the gay male size
Queens not that everyone who prostate
stimulates is gay but you've got the
guys that take real big dicks in their
asses and enjoy it and they're gonna
like this bottom part here let's see
what kind of functions we've got got
this crazy ER function louder whoa this
is cool
it goes like and it feels kind of like a
climax I actually really like this I
usually don't like the intermittent
vibrating because it usually feels like
ah what's going on in the middle I just
want it to vibrate all the time but this
kind of like constant vibration with the
climactic vibration over the top of it
is really cool this is setting I think
for I'm sorry but these are the most
interesting variations of vibration I've
literally ever encountered in a sex toy
I'm very impressed by this gigantic anal
stimulation dildo I'm looking at it like
I'm gonna make you my bitch later do you
guys hear this in the beginning it's
like kind of like a chainsaw that's not
starting or something not that I would
know anything about trying to Klutch ly
start a chainsaw or anything this is
cool I like this five stars so far for
the black giant anal thing favorite toy
you can totally hold it like this and
like like poke someone's eye out with it
this is so cool
I love it I really love it really love
it imagine if I just like put this down
and you don't see it anymore in the
background and then turns out I've had
it in my asshole vibrating the whole
time I'm making this video then the
awkward - you were hot I feel like -
most of you sexual deviants it would be
hot this is like a cool dominatrix style
outfit
with a zipper in the front of the
panties I think it actually does come
with the stockings I'm not sure it says
accessories not included so maybe
doesn't come with the stockings but it
comes with the bra with the nipples
hanging out and it's just it's a very
sexy outfit this is another thing I
asked them specifically to send me so
zips down the front
put it on I actually really like bras
that sit down the front to be honest oh
my god this is gonna be a tight fit on
my titties it fits but the zipper is
plastic and I feel like there's no way
it can be as super durable but it does
fits now I look more like a like a
rocker chick rather than someone who's
about to use lingerie to go out for a
night on the town and these look like
they're they will definitely fit it
looks really good I like it a lot I do
recommend what what size did I get this
in I think it's one size fits all and
that's probably why the bras so tight
and the bottoms are so like fitting I
really like the zippers I just wish
there were metal zippers before we get
to the kinky surprise kit we've got two
more things we've got two more rabbit
vibes I feel like my contact Adam and
Eve is washed enough of my Adam and Eve
videos to know that I love rabbit vibes
it's like my favorite thing to use when
I'm quote-unquote jerking off because it
does the clit it does the vagina it's
like wham-bam double penetration thank
you ma'am but not actually double
penetration I think there needs to be
more rabbit vibes that also have anal
penetration because I like my other
rabbit vibe that has the anal beads on
the bag is my favorite all things are
taken care of but of course I can always
supplement this this one is an Adam and
Eve product it's called the the dancing
dolphin with power boost this is gonna
be good most of the Adam new products
have 5 to 10-year warranties which has
really cooled them and they're 100%
guaranteed to be within the list of
products that you can get 50% off on
because you know obviously all the Adam
and Eve products they're gonna give you
money off the first thing I notice is
this this is cool I can just like stick
my finger in here and like vibrate it oh
my god it moves yes yes oh my god yes oh
my god that's gonna hit the g-spot
really well one thing I love about the
one that also has the anal beads is the
one I told you is like my favorite it
also moves like this oh my god this is
great I'm so excited and there's like
okay so this actually looks like a
it looks like a penis it does but it
also looks like waves in the ocean and
then here the clitoral vibe is the
dolphin it honestly looks like a dolphin
in water the design is so sleek by a
safe silicone the type that you can rub
any kind of stuff that you get on there
off really easily just rinse very
hygienic and hypoallergenic look at this
thing
oh this is gonna be amazing okay so this
is what power boost does power boost is
really cool there's a little lightning
bolt button here and you press it and it
like speeds up it's so fucking cool oh
my god I love this so much this is like
the best sex toy you know this is my
favorite oh this is like fuck I'm like a
kid at Christmas but like the x-rated
version of a kid at Christmas every time
Adam and Eve sends me the new sex toys
like oh my god thank you Adam and Eve
once again check out my sponsor Adam and
Eve com use the promo code Tara to get
50% off almost any one item including
the dancing dolphin fucking power boost
dildo and you get free shipping in the
US and in Canada do it oh my god the
power boost button is like negative its
next level this is like a next-level
future dildo oh my god and the clip
world vibe is so strong it's not that
loud but it's definitely louder than the
penguin one I think I'm looking at my
new favorite dildo guys and I can put it
on like a necklace or something and just
fucking shove it in my tits put it on a
necklace and just walk around being like
oh I need to take out my favorite dildo
here it is guys right on a chain around
my neck I don't know where that idea
came from don't ask me let's go ahead
and check this one out this is the G
motion rabbit wand I honestly don't
think it's possible for this one to be
as good as the Dulce one but we shall
see I knew I should have left the pink
one as best for last
because usually if it's pink I'm gonna
like it better just on the merits edge
it's the hue I like best oh my god is it
like double sided like this side is like
a back massage or type thing or what the
fuck is going on we have to find out oh
my God look at this oh my god you guys
look at this thing look at it it's just
moving up and down where the g-spot
should be on a woman then you got the
rabbit vibe where you stick the clitoris
between here they're getting fucking
inventive with their dildos these days I
don't even know if this is vibrating or
if it's just for holding on to but it
does provide really really good grip for
just fucking shoving it in there dude
can't even with this the way it goes up
and down like that this is gonna be such
a good fucking toy oh my god I am
getting aroused just looking at this
thing it's a good thing that people
enjoy live human interaction because
otherwise men would be quite obsolete it
is one of those back massager vibrators
I knew it this is an all-in-one this is
an all-in-one if you're looking for a
new dildo girls and people ask me all
the time what dildo should I get either
this or this you guys that's gonna be a
gift oh this feels so weird holding it
like this you have to turn off three
things with this one separately you can
turn all three on separately what a
great way to semi end this video let's
actually end it by opening this
wonderful kinky surprise bag what could
be in here I am so excited surprise
kinky bag five items for his and her
pleasure let's see what I got I'm so
excited
first item purple cuffs a ball gag and a
mask I know you guys like to see me in
ball gag so let's just put this on we've
got ten kinky BDSM coupons is your
dungeon getting a little dull need some
torturous new ideas these ten coupons
are sure to put everyone in their place
submit or be punished I should give
these two rubber tongue it says command
and victim to and from tie my hands and
feet and tease me from head to toe
gently nibble me wherever you want these
are fun we've got a ball gag one I just
kicked the last thing under the bed and
hold on let me try to retrieve it here
it is to match my purple cuffs there's a
bunch of hair on it now we've got purple
fishnets I have pink fishnets I have
black fishnets I do not have any purple
fishnets
so that's hot I am a fan of literally
everything I got in the shipment thank
you so much Adam and Eve for sending me
these awesome fucking items and of
course for sponsoring the video and
helping to continue to make this channel
a thing and thank you to everyone who
watched this video and who would like to
purchase something again Adam and Eve
calm promo code is t-ara my name Tara
for 50% off almost any one item and free
shipping in the US and Canada so if
you're looking to buy just one simple
thing like one simple yet very complex
dildo
some Lube some male sex toys
what-have-you thank you so much for
watching like the video and subscribe to
the channel don't forget to check out
Adam and Eve and all of the products
that are in this video
will be listed down in the description I
hope you guys enjoyed it and I hope it
was at least a little bit entertaining
or maybe as arousing as it was for me
cuz holy shit these things you guys are
awesome and thanks to my patrons for
supporting the channel as well as voting
and making this the number one video
they want to see you I wonder why hmm
bye guys and I'll see you in the next
video I'm still gonna be doing the video
entitled the pro bodybuilder sex story
I'll see you then thank you so much
