so good at blowing oh my god what's up
guys I was planning on recording the
story time about me calling Jays sister
bitch and whatnot I felt like that would
be really easy to record but I have like
three videos I have to do today and then
I'm taking the rest of the week off so
I'm gonna talk about something else is
gonna be a follow up to the stop
comparing hardships video it's so funny
because the last two times I decided I
wanted to talk about something based
solely on the fact that I just felt like
talking about it
the next day I ended up watching
something that expanded my view on the
topic and I was just like goddammit why
didn't I wait one more day to make that
fucking video then it would have been a
much better much more versed video with
more like knowledge to back it up and
other people's ideas to back it up and I
think that is what makes a belief or an
idea strong is if you have a bunch of
other people just kind of philosophizing
with you about a certain subject I don't
know if my tan is bad or if you're just
lighting or whatnot but I'm gonna try
not to get distracted by it I look so
weird
everywhere I don't know I just like
scraped the SH out of my body like
opening boxes for my birthday I did the
fnm and all that so I'm kind of a little
frazzled so I thought it would be
perfect the perfect time the perfect
I guess states that Tara is in to make a
video where you know if I'm in that
state where I randomly refer to myself
in third person like a fucking
egotistical maniac or something that's
the time I should make an unscripted
unstructured Vlad vlog so I was
listening to my philosophy course no not
my psychology course when I do my
eyelashes I got my eyelashes done a few
a few days ago and I listen to the
psychology course for like college
students or something I don't know
that's what I listen to on audible and
he was talking about a really really
interesting study that I feel correlates
really well with the whole like don't
don't compare hardships because someone
in Africa might feel just as emotionally
bad when something like actually bad
happens and the same as like a teenager
who just broke up with someone for the
first time like it's it's really
subjective and it's really personal and
you can't actually quantify
how someone feels emotionally you know
what I'm saying and that's what I was
saying in the last video I'll link the
last video in the description if you
want to go over it again so you know
what I'm talking about so the follow-up
makes sense to you but there was this
widespread study this guy in the the
psychology class was talking about it
was like 1.5 million people tested right
and it was testing on a scale from zero
meaning miserable and 10 meaning elated
is ecstatic as happy as you could
possibly be and they pulled this 1.5
million people from all different
countries and stuff on how happy they
thought they were and this was like a
subjective thing so it's like how happy
you think you are right and they were
really shocked to find out that everyone
is on the scale in between 4 & 6 or
something like that I'm paraphrasing all
of this and I'm just giving you the
information that's relevant to my
argument so if you want to look this up
go ahead and do so I might post in the
description if I can remember the name
of the book in the chapter that the book
is in so you guys can go do your own
research and stuff I like to do stuff
like that but I don't always feel like
it's necessary for my you know argument
I just like to kind of talk about things
that I think and you know you should
make your own educated opinions based on
what you think and what you believe in
what you know is a fact to you based on
actual evidence and knowledge you know
what I'm saying but I like to just talk
about stuff so he found out that
everyone from all different walks of
life they all pulled at around average
happiness and he thought this was
fascinating so he decided to pull people
who are extremely rich and extremely
poor and those people also pulled at
around 5 or 6 or 4 so he's like what
actually makes someone happier or less
happy if everyone seems to be you know
around the average happiness um so he
tested people who had just won the
lottery and people who have just gotten
car accidents to become paraplegics like
obviously though the former is like a
really good thing a really great change
in your life and the latter is like a
terrible thing in your life right so he
pulled those two groups and he found
that yes the person who won the lottery
was extremely happy like up in the
eights or more range and the person who
just became a paraplegic well he was
obviously down in the dumps and I liked
lower range but then he followed up by
polling the people a few months later it
might have been a few years I think it
was a few months
and he found out that everyone had
normalized everyone had gone back down
to about average so I feel like it's
very obvious to me that no matter how
much money you make no matter how bad
your life is to someone else or how good
your life is to someone else you have
your own personal pains and your own
personal happiness is and you kind of
just you can elevate your resistances to
certain hardships and kind of normalize
yourself so even if you're the richest
person in the world you're still gonna
have hardships and you're still gonna be
sad so the person who's poor probably
feels just as happy as you are but he's
sitting there complaining about your
life and you're sitting there going like
he doesn't know what the fuck he's
talking about about my life I have
problems too and I feel like both
arguments have merit you know because we
are very resilient people as I said
before and we can kind of rise to any
challenge we can get used to any
situation and we are able to maintain a
level of happiness no matter what
situation we're in as long as it's not
like a recent change so if something
recently changes you might be feeling
worse or better off than you know you
normally would but we all rise to our
occasion we all are occasions we all
just kind of normalize and we have this
actually follows up with with Freud's
idea that everyone has these defense
mechanisms set in place and he has like
a bunch of them I don't remember how
many or what they all are but one of
them is projection and there's other
like a bunch of different psychological
you know mechanisms in our brain that we
use to cope with pain that we use to
cope with what we perceive as having a
bad life or having a bad day or having
something bad happen to us and that kind
of backs up his theory that we all just
had these defense mechanisms and they
work so well that we can actually
normalize our mood and stabilize
ourselves in any situation I think
that's very interesting another thing
that was very interesting in fuck I
don't remember what it's called it
really bothers me and I don't remember
the guy who made it up but this is a
very interesting theory that I tend to
believe because you know like my own
personal anecdotes and like other things
that I've seen from people but let me
know what you guys think in the comments
so there's this pyramid according to
some guy there's a pyramid of like need
it's called a pyramid of meat or
something like that and at the very
bottom the very basic needs that you
have
are like food and shelter right and then
above that is like safety and then if
you go even higher you get to like the
first world problem things like a good
iPhone sex love fun you know excitement
thrill and stuff like that but at the
very base at the very base level if you
don't meet those requirements like if
you don't meet like if you're not
getting enough to eat if you're not
getting enough to eat and you don't have
any shelter and you're freezing you
can't care about anything above that
level in the pyramid so once you've met
all of these levels you can then like
ascend basically to the top which is
self-actualization I'm trying to explain
this as best I possibly can I've only
listened to the chapter once I haven't
really like researched more into it but
it makes perfect sense to man he gave
the the the thought experiment he he
said like why do you think people in
war-torn countries will run out in a
bomb ridden area where they know that
they could be killed or they know that
they can be shot or sniped just to get
food it's because they're not meeting
that basic need so they haven't risen to
the level of needing safety you know
like safety isn't even in there even in
their mind and love or like something
more first world like an iPhone or like
the connection to the internet or having
time for your friends all of that stuff
you haven't even like met yet because
you just need those basic needs so it
starts basic and then it goes up to
self-actualization if you guys don't
know what self-actualization is it's um
just being all you can be being the best
you can be not like the army but like
being your version of the perfect person
like someone who knows exactly who they
are is confident with who they are is
happy with their lives is you know
improving in all these different ways
and I feel like I am at the the stage in
the first world problems area where I am
just working on self-actualization like
what I want to look like what I want to
be the knowledge I want to you know know
like all of you got a lot of you guys
might be in like a worse situation and
that's what you guys are like this shit
that she's talking about is so stupid
like thinking about philosophy thinking
about other people's problems
putting things into perspective that's
not important to me what's important to
me now is putting food on my family's
tables and I'm like explaining this so
poorly but I really want to know what
you guys think about this do you think
that it's possible to care
about finding a lover or if your lover
cheated on you or having time for your
friends or having material possessions
is it even possible for you to care
about that stuff is your brain even men
even like physically capable of thinking
about those things if you haven't met
all of your basic needs like food water
and shelter and maybe that's why a lot
of people who aren't as fortunate as me
like don't have the time to work on
themselves like they don't have the time
to like learn about their favorite
subjects or to have hobbies or to care
about playing video games or getting
better in Dark Souls 3 or whatever you
know like they don't have that time
they're worrying about things that are
more base more important to us
instinctually like having food and
having shelter or maybe they're like in
the middle of the pyramid and they're
trying to find someone who loves them
they don't have anyone who loves them
and maybe that is the thing that they're
working on right now so they're not at
the self-actualization level because
they don't have like the income or the
person who loves them and the the family
base and the front base or whatever and
there are different levels I would like
to actually look more into it to see
exactly what the levels are because he
has like a distinct you know a distinct
level system in the pyramid and I feel
like it's a bit more subjective than
that like maybe love will be at the top
for some people but it will be at the
bottom for other people you know I don't
know it's all it's all very interesting
to think about it's fun to run through
these thought experiments and to think
about what other philosophers have
thought about other philosophers I'm not
a philosopher - sighs and I think about
things and I do thought experiments and
I'm interested in this shit but I am by
no means gonna like self label as a
philosopher that's like really that
would be very cringe but I enjoy
philosophy I enjoy learning about it I
enjoy learning about the people who are
very you know very much like me in the
past who thought about these things far
before I existed and I want to share
them with you guys and share my passion
with you guys and this is one of my
passions so I don't know I feel like
I've strayed away from talking about it
a lot because I feel like there are so
few people that are into it but looking
in the comments section it feels like
there are a lot of people who are into
it and I'm actually really happy that
there are a lot of you guys that
actually give a shit about these things
that I'm saying about philosophy and
psychology and how our brains work and
how we cope with things and I just
fucking thing
that shit is so interesting and so
awesome so yeah I'm gonna go edit some
videos then enjoy my birthday where am I
wearing my fucking glasses
I had okay so I was doing this I was
doing this oh wow oh Darnell
that's my thumbnail right there where
the fuck did my glasses go out there
there there they are oh I want to show
you guys this is much better lighting
but I like laying down because it allows
me to not focus on having to hold the
camera up and everything my boobs look
better like this too but um yeah I love
you guys so much thank you for watching
if you enjoyed this video please like
and subscribe and let me know what you
think I really genuinely want to have
the discussion open and if you don't
agree with me fucking say it let me know
I want to hear your perspective because
even if I not much even if I not might
even if I might not at the end agree
with you and you might not agree with me
agreeing to disagree and making our own
belief stronger is very important to me
and very interesting and just hearing
what other people have to say and why
they say it and the different walks of
life that people have gone down that
make them think some different things
and differently for me I don't know I'm
just looking rambling now I love you
guys so much thank you so much for
watching
birthday to me Oh bye guys
