that's that's the face I do when some
guys hitting on me I'm like woo I'm off
in the head you don't want to try to
date me I'll kill you let's go
we're not even like halfway done this is
where it actually starts because we have
a whole other effing Emsworth of shits
oh my god so cool we have three bags oh
fuck off blocks we have three bags or my
titties popping out doesn't matter have
tape on them still hi Babs you're too
hot he can blast the heat off of you
loved a new guy what did you puss are
you saying oh my god you gotta be
squirtle oh no way oh why am i why am i
retarded I should know what the fuck
okay we're probably gonna put that on
but hold on hey Babs hope it will fit
and then you'll have fun with it and
that I may see it on but don't put it on
here in F&M much love from the new guy
damn I'm sorry guys the new guy gave me
strict instructions not to put whatever
this is on boo that's some sexy lingerie
sexy maid outfit I think oh it's like
like that oh it's caught in my hair now
I know why you don't want me to put it
on here okay okay well we're gonna put
the wrist cuffs on because they're
really cute I love it I fucking love it
oh and this okay I love collars I love
like choker collars I used to wear one
when I was younger it actually goes well
with this tank top no more of that and
what is this hey sweetie gotta catch'em
all love Yoram it's pixelated oh like
the one I got from G mood but it's
pixelated we are gonna put these on I
feel bad that I didn't put on the
Charmander one from last week so we have
to put these on
oh yes pixelated pokeball squirtle face
thank you to Nui I love them so much
they're so cute
mwah time to check them off these would
make a really good underboob shirts - oh
this kind of looks good - don't you
think all right back to normal
I knowed a new guy loves my neck so
that's why I'm wearing this looks pretty
cool where's the front there it is happy
birthday whoo might as well wear this
more right this is kind of heavy oh my
god oh my god I hate you so much I hate
you so much
they're LMT how can there be a birthday
party without stroopwafels what the fuck
why why did you have to get me through
puffles you are so getting punished
Trevor Tong this is why I can't
sufficiently lose weights doing
something so far possess oh my god oh
fuck you guys oh they're so good though
there's evil in the world it comes in
the form of stroopwafels we've got a
prison Oh get me got me a present
happy birthday goddess thank you for all
that you've done and this community
you've created on discord you've helped
me in so many ways that I couldn't even
begin to describe it in this small
character living love always Demi Oh
Demi baby you're amazing
you didn't have to what is this what oh
you Harry Potter fucking fanatic you how
did you know that I was fuckin team
Slytherin how did you know deme really
really really really really loves Harry
Potter and I would definitely be a
Slytherin girl can't you tell
anyway let's put this on Oh Oh No
Dramamine JAMA mean nope didn't land
didn't land back to work oh yeah
I did
I just gave JPEG of stroopwafels and
he's like oh my fucking god I thought
you were gonna tell them not to send
food so please unless you want me to be
beaten and strangled and strangled stop
sending me food stuff Jane I seriously
don't like fat like on ourselves
anyway anyway thank you Demi this is
fucking amazing it really accentuates
the girls the slytherins moving on oh my
god oh my god happy birthday LMT hope
you have a fantastic days and this ball
will give your device's power oh fuck
that was weird that was gonna be like a
cough and a sneeze at the same time out
with the fuck I'm poking myself in the
vagina with my box cutter look at this
it's Tetris block LEDs that light up
when they touch each other this is so
fucking sick oh my god
Oh amazing I don't know what the fuck
this is Pokemon go pokeball ports must
open is it like extra battery for my
phone I carry one of those around
because I play pokemon go so much it
still yes I still do oh my god oh my god
oh my god please just open come on there
we go magic ball power bank oh this is
really cool so you can like stick it on
a like Kerri oh my god it's got a USB
port and a micro USB port and it fits in
your hand like that this is fucking sick
this is really cool I've never seen this
and I feel like I've looked for
something like this I love it
good boy rubber tongue yeah charging
cord so awesome got a catch on mom
without your phone dying really really
good gift I'm not as mad at you about
the stroopwafels
but I'm still mad cuz now I'm in trouble
with Jay keep thrusting piccolo
Piccolo's over there thrusting still
he's a thrust master alright guys next
package
I have so many of these bags now I'm
gonna re gift with these bags
I swear not reget the stuff that you
guys give me just like use the bags to
gifts people that's what I'm saying hi
sexy Tara happy birthday this will make
you more Purdy enjoy from Nate Oh Nate
oh yes I wanted two of these oh yes oh
thank you Nate yay Oh what the fuck holy
shit it like hit my camera let's just
put it up here there we go
that doesn't look weird at all a gift
for you gorgeous MT just kidding it's
not rubber tongue enjoy Nate oh he knows
exactly a rubber tongue is oh yes danny
is controller hats oh my god okay so
it's a little bit cooler than the bow
gonna have to put it on I'm sorry I'm
sorry no how do I fucking get this off
what is my malfunction Oh hit me in the
head I fucking love this hat one of my
favorites now and I have so many thank
you so much Nate you're amazing this is
amazing it's like it's my birthday or
something okay okay we have one non
gigantica one left and then three
fucking gigantic ones that I do not
deserve so we're gonna go with the small
one first you know take the easy way out
Oh oh my god oh my god dear LMT i saw
this and immediately thought of you nice
for decoration and for playing some
games on it you will get batteries for
these too okay so this is what the fuck
it's a retro arcade cabinet are you
fucking kidding me rubber so this is
actually playable no way it's actually
playable oh my god it's actually
playable look at this look at this you
guys oh my god this is so cute
my arcade dream gear I love it I love it
rubber you're such an asshole
cuz I don't want to love the things that
you've said to me I want to be mad at
you look at how they did this they're
just like crumpled it up and like ripped
it apart what the fuck awesome LMT if
you would be a brick in the wall you
would be a very very special one my own
version of Pink Floyd's the wall movie
this movie is amazing as I was saying so
fucking good first day LMT have fun with
the life of Brian
and oh my god and finally hello LMT I
know since a year and a half what the
meaning of my life is Monty Python's the
meaning of life Oh rubber tongue you are
so trying hard to get punished because
you know you want it then why are you
giving me such great gifts rubber tongue
it's like you genuinely want to make me
happier these are some of my favorite
movies of all time favourite band of all
time and this is an amazing movie I
recommend watching it a little high
this is this 25th anniversary limited
edition to woo Oh what an inclusive
poster this is awesome box be gone Oh a
hat is my calling man hmm I dropped my
thing what could it be pay pay I'm
thinking of my peepee on Amazon so too
bad too bad don't send me your pee guys
I don't know if I would do anything with
your individual P also biohazard also
might I hope you like it from Cody oh
yay where's my yes I want another one
okay so I put a bunch of different
colors on my wish list but I put another
green one because I wanted this to be a
symmetrical fucking chair thank you
comedy Cody you fucking badass I face
have to move some stuff as long as I can
move one of the Tetris pieces over it is
a completely symmetrical chair of
Yoshi's now oh and he's so cuddly
I might actually like not put him on the
chair and cuddle with him during the
night because thank you Cody
you're amazing oh my god Oh
Lapras is in my asshole alright that
gives the last package I can't believe
we're almost done
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna back in
the packages what is this what the hell
is this awesome birthday Ellen tea I
know you love Asian I know you love
nature too but you don't have time to
take care of living creatures or plants
so I figured what about a fake cherry
blossom bonsai tree in
got to get it out oh okay this is really
cool I love it look at it it's so cute
it thinks it's real but it's fake kind
of like me I love it good job rubber
tongue I just have to find a place to
put it I need to move I really need to
move then I'll have a place for all of
my collectibles and it'll be amazing I
love it so thoughtful I have such a good
slave don't you guys agree
aren't you guys jealous that you don't
have your own rubber tongue this knows
exactly what I like because he has to I
think I have a place I can put him right
now all right last box and it's a big
one what could it be the finale of my
birthday Friday night mail ah all right
hi Tara I thought you could use a good
leaf blower for your apartment your
secret lover donald's what is this what
the fuck I can't open it Oh die son of a
bitch all right now we can open I don't
know what the fuck was going on there
but I could not you guys it's actually a
fucking leaf blower with a four year
warranty it's a leaf blower we gotta
make this work in the house Oh grand
finale Donald oh my god I have literally
never used a leaf blower before is it
charged it's not charged why won't it
work damn it I wish it was charged damn
it dude I was gonna blow some leaves you
know what I'm saying oh I fucking love
you all everyone who sent me anything
for this birthday you guys are amazing I
know there are a few things that haven't
made it yet so thank you to all of you
who got me belated birthday presents as
well everything here was fucking amazing
even the leaf blower because it's like
amazing how random it is I feel like
this would be really fun I just want to
go outside walk around and blow some
leaves around and I love how he knows I
live in an apartment it's just like what
the hell but Donald now everyone knows
about us
is it Donald Trump and my secretly
loving Donald Trump
I mean his penis is probably so small
that I wouldn't know and that's not a
diss on my vagina tightness all right
all jokes aside I have no stake in the
matter between Hillary and Trump it
looks like it's gonna be Trump and I
just really don't care about the
selection but I thought it would be a
funny joke either way maybe it's Donald
Duck like the Nazi version Donald Duck
they got banned after the 40s stopped
being a thing anyway guys you're so
amazing you've made my birthday ten
times more special than it was gonna be
ten billion times more special it is so
nice to know that you guys out there
care about me that you enjoy watching my
videos enough to send me something I
hope my reactions in this video and
every other video I make makes you smile
makes you happy makes you think maybe I
hope you guys have a wonderful weekend
cuz I'm gonna have a wonderful rest of
my week I love how delightfully fucking
random and also how delightfully fucking
spot-on you guys can be with gifts it's
you don't have to do this don't feel
like you have to a letter or just
watching my videos with suffice each and
every one of you is amazing thank you so
much one moment happy birthday me thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and please leave your comments and then
I thought I could finish the outro
before it stopped falling damn it's
posting the comments I love to hear from
you guys also I take two questions about
each week so if you guys want to ask me
anything feel free also don't forget to
sign up for the giveaway where you can
get in autographs eight-by-ten some
merch of your choice for a steam game of
your choice I love you guys and I hope
you have a wonderful forever thank you
so much ah and that thing that's hanging
up there still hanging up there quite
creepy whoa
bye guys I'm not supposed to do that ow
