hey guys welcome to my birthday
counterclockwise I need to do it again
welcome to my birthday F&M I just
completely covered one of my lights in
tons of glitter er you should see my
house now Jay's gonna be wonderful
we've got another one hold on we have
got another one yes we have welcome to
my birthday F&M Oh motherfucker
I'm the only person in the world who
would actually celebrate happily turning
20 fucking seven how many dicks can I
take in the mouth at once haha
you guys have sent me more stuff that I
can ever imagine this is look the most
I've ever had for an epidemic you guys
are insane I am not worthy none of this
actually landed on my boobs cuz I'm not
allowed to point it at myself apparently
you can actually fucking hurt you we are
going to announce the winner of this
week's epidemic giveaway through Newark
this week's FM is Stephen D
congratulations Stephen D I have one of
these things stuck to my fucking finger
Stephen D you're fuckin badass I asked
you what you wanted and you haven't
replied yet as of me recording this
video so you're gonna get whatever the
fuck you want whether it is a fucking
steam game or a merch thing from my list
of merchandise or an autographed
eight-by-ten of me if you guys last
night up for this week's giveaway the
link will be in the description I wish
you all the best of fucking luck because
oh my god I'm feeling giftee as it is my
birthday I'm actually recording this the
day before my birthday and you're
watching it the day after my birthday
but whatever fucking semantics let's get
into it
you guys had two really good questions
this week and I'm going to answer them
to the best of my ability the first one
coming from Zoe Zoe says and I'm not
gonna say your last name because I'm
pretty sure it's not bad is it bad you
have a bucket list if so what's on there
I actually made a video called 30 things
I want to do before I die but that was
like three years ago I'll link that down
in the description and I've been wanting
to do an updated version but definitely
one of the things that's on my bucket
list is getting gangbanged by all of the
guys in Slipknot at once in their masks
and outfits oh that would be the life I
don't know what else just a lot of
really cool stuff lots involving sex but
also a lot not involving sex I do want
to be Dark Souls 3
you fucking hell thank you sir for the
question you've given me the desire to
actually finally go revisit that topic
because I feel like I would have a lot
of really interesting things on my
bucket list next question is from the
one and only Michael mcCormick question
Tara being the all-powerful leave my
loins that you are sex is as much your
passion and your hobby as video games
are but are there things about it you
don't enjoy any particularly irritating
aspects and elements the worst positions
anything really I just want to know the
untouched spectrum of opinions you have
on the subject you can't help but talk
about I feel like that's an exceptional
question that I don't really know the
answer to I can't really think of
anything that I don't like off the top
of my head other than things that make
sex go wrong
like for instance bad hygiene or the guy
whips out a penis that's much much
smaller than I would prefer or like he
doesn't know what he's doing to the
point where it makes it awkward and it's
got to be really bad because I enjoy the
virgins I am totally fine with being the
master of disaster in the bedroom with
him being my apprentice or her so yeah I
don't know I literally can't think of
anything but I wanted to put that
question in here because it was just so
perfectly worded it made me laugh for
sure Jay is gonna be so fucking mad at
me that I popped open these things and I
have one more for the end of the video I
unlike a lot of other youtubers I'm
actually gonna open every single thing
that I got and I think it would be
unfair to do anything other than that so
this might be a long video and the first
one we've got comes from Jay s aka Jason
Claire aka the badass in the description
makes douche ins for me and other art on
YouTube you guys should check him out as
stated link will be in the description
let's open this hello oh my god I think
I already have a pup figure piccolo I
think but I think it might be a
different addition I would have to go
over there and look but he is so fucking
cute look at him thank you so much yes
you did not have to get me anything for
my birthday
I'm really excited though for these
douches and there's a letter there's a
fucking letter oh my god oh my god
PS artisan the cardboard hey Tara found
this and knew you would love it glad to
have you back on YouTube love J s oh
thank you J is so sweet I cannot wait to
see these drawings right piccolo what
what the fuck Tara I look like I have a
mustache and eyebrows now Oh
my god it sucks that I watches YouTube
videos because I've already seen this
but now that I'm seeing it in person and
I'm seeing it finished it looks so
amazing this is the orange version of
the doujin I'm laying in bed I'm wearing
some sexy stuff and I look really down
to fuck the TF as hell and he even did
my orange red hair that's so sweet I
fucking love it thank you so much J
you're amazing I feel like it's weird to
call anyone else J even though it's like
a pretty common fucking name oh my god
so fucking good Thank You Jas oh you're
so awesome
next we have this fifth son smells like
his vinegar it smell like someone fat
their dick in vinegar another Nintendo
shirts I'm not working out I'm
one-upping my sickness I love it let's
put it on we have to put it on I think
I've worn these long enough to and make
it you know sufficiently egotistical so
we can take them off and try some things
on that you guys sent me even though my
boobs are a little bit sore today I
resolved that I'm gonna try on
everything that you guys have sent me as
long as it's not like some insane
fucking bondage sex blow-up
motherfucking thing or something oh my
god there's like one of the things is
just like floating in mid-air I think it
got caught to some kind of like
spiderweb just kind of hanging there I
took a picture of it I don't know it's
weird as fuck
looks good paired with my yoga pants
thank you whoever sent it to me who's
from Shawn black the motherfucking Shawn
black and it says happy birthday oh so
excited I'm just gonna wreck it over oh
yeah what is this happy birthday
may you have a happy birthday what are
these are these gift cards Oh Target
gift card how did you know I'm gonna
shop at Target for like most things Wow
a hundred dollar Target gift card that's
insane you did not have to do that and
then Amazon gift card how much is on it
$100 Amazon gift card wow it's crazy
because usually you give me these
amazingly personal gifts where you know
exactly what I like how the fuck did you
know that on my birthday I prefer to go
shopping as like one of my main things a
lot of people say like oh my god I hate
it when I get money for my birthday and
as much as I love the presents I don't
get to go shopping that often but it is
one of my favorite pastimes so perfect I
have a card the card is probably gonna
be better than anything oh my god $10 on
the Nintendo eShop oh that's awesome top
10 reasons chocolate is better than sex
10 good chocolate is easy to find 9
you're always in the mood to eat
chocolate 8 you can safely have
chocolate while you're driving 7 size
doesn't matter
is it does you don't want like a
gigantic chocolate just like you don't
want like tiny chocolates right oh my
god this is my favorite place to eat I
was actually going to Red Robin tomorrow
oh dude you're ridiculous also there's a
bite taken out of my fucking gift card
it better still work
you're amazing what the fuck number six
different kind of guilt the morning
after number five you can make chocolate
last as long as you want to not true
number four you can have chocolate in
front of your mother I'll do what I want
in front of my mother
number three having chocolate doesn't
keep the neighbors awake number two you
don't have to fake it with chocolate and
the number one reason chocolate is
better than sex you can have chocolate
with everybody you know happy birthday I
have a wonderful birthday you deserve a
day that's just for you oh so do you I
hope you have an amazing birthday I wish
I knew when your birthday was Sean cuz
you've given me so many things over the
years like oh my god fucking four gifts
cards like really with little cute
little boxes like I'm seriously not
worthy you guys about this point in the
video I started to get a little guilty
feeling thing
you so much Shawn here awesome hi Tara I
love these games on ps2 from Cody jak
and daxter Oh on the PS Vita - this is
my first real PS Vita game I have like
darkest dungeon because you get both
when you buy it on ps4 and then I have
like the old PSP pad upon this is
awesome I haven't played this game in
fucking years also I might take into
consideration the rest of the notes that
I wasn't supposed to read out loud it's
not as crazy as you think it is
I totally always make things seem more
sexual than they are alright the next
thing we have is from a mug whomp look
at this fucking shirt this shirt is
amazing it's like in the doom style but
it's fucking Mario how amazing is this
goddamn shirt and it's in hot pink we
have to put it on it's not just for a
little bit because it will hide the
cleavage but I just want to put it on
it's so cool it's so fucking cool it
totally matches my lips today - oh it's
so good
it actually fits perfectly to your
amazing mug womp and you did not have to
do this so fucking cool oh just fucking
love it I'm looking in the viewfinder
just thinking this is amazing thank you
for making me smile with all of your
messages and now with this amazing gift
you are exceptional oh I just fucking
cracked my neck oh we've got a package
from shipping departments oh my god I
can't get it open this is from the new
guy oh my goodness oh it's the movie
clapboard
oh my god I don't know what I want this
for I feel like I could incorporate it
into my videos somehow but I've always
wanted to do this titties take one
action it is tues duders cut let's move
on
Thank You DeNooyer you didn't have to do
that I love you for spoiling me on my
birthday you don't have to spend your
hard-earned fucking money on me
seriously it makes me mad but it also
makes me happy so I am consoled I'm
terribly vexed what could this be
a bottle of sleeping pills to kill
myself from the shame hey Tara
enjoy from Nate it's like a running joke
now that I'm just like gonna be doped up
on Dramamine all the time it's amazing I
love it thank you so much Nate this is
the ultimate Tara can play first person
games drugged alright last thing that's
not a box that I almost just threw at my
face because you know that's how I do oh
shit oh it's from Marc cheetah I love
you mark where have you been oh is this
a gift card it looks like the thing is
those gift cards come in Oh hundred
dollar Amazon gift card you guys are
amazing
fucking Thank You Marc you didn't have
to do that I've missed you where have
you been I only see you in the comments
like once in a while I really appreciate
it thank you for remembering my birthday
not that you can forget it because I've
been making everyone remember it that's
just what I've done my entire life as a
spoiled only child and like my
birthday's next month
initiate birthday month a month earlier
I've always been spoiled but never this
spoiled it humbles you to know that your
childhood of spoiled ASSA tea was
nothing compared to how your adulthood
is gonna be and I am I'm quite fortunate
thank you
I don't even know what to say oh my god
ah I think there's like too much pollen
in my house just kidding I'm not
allergic to shit who the fuck do you
think I am some kind of fucking humanoid
creature oh my god this is an amazing
gift I already know what it is because I
just saw it dear misty loved the videos
keep up the good work
you do make me laugh oh I almost forgot
happy early birthday it's from Jenny Oh
laughing oh my god oh my fucking god
Jenny Jenny Jenny oh oh he's so badass
oh look at his shell back thing oh my
god laparis is my best Pokemon on
Pokemon go right now even so it's like
very apropos and I fucking love it I
fucking love it
thank you so much Jenny so cuddly you
did not oh my god you guys are going to
do this stop just evaporate these can we
evaporate these they don't exist anymore
thank you that's that's the face I do
when some guys hitting on me too my clue
I'm off in the head you don't want to
try date me I'll kill you oh my god
we've got a package from Avery
Avery's last package was in fucking
Seine oh my god why oh my god it's a
giant piccolo statue no fucking way oh
my god oh no he's in pieces it's okay
piccolo you'll grow back your namekian
all right we've opened the only part
that matters I mean it looks like he
might have a penis there maybe he has a
penis it's just like men have nipples
it's not really point 'full but he still
has one you know like maybe it's like
that no one ever said he doesn't have a
penis they just say that he reproduces
asexually so he doesn't need to have a
penis you know we're not even done this
isn't like the only thing he sent me
either what the fuck oh my God he's just
thrusting his pelvis out at my face like
oh he's just like pelvis thrust and he
smells like PVC it's just amazing
oh I got makeup on his crotch why are
you good this is a hog on his stomach
okay he's got a heart it says hog no
face I can't I can't do this
what is this what the fuck is this sex
adventure three ways to play a hundred
thousand possible fantasies in eight
languages it's a bunch of different sex
positions oh this is awesome
what an amazing gifts okay let's just
look at the top one kissing in a
fountain isn't that illegal
isn't this a defacing public property or
something like look at this look at
these people disobeying the law Wow such
a flagrant abuse of the rights as human
beings but we're not done yet people
know we're not j-stars victory vs+ I oh
my god it's like a fighting game with
like all of the different like anime
manga and fighting game characters
I see bleach one-piece Dragon Ball Z oh
my god this is pretty badass I've never
even heard of this game thank you
and we've got x-men the animated series
in Japanese Cyclops and Emma Frost
looked kind of hot this is awesome you
are so amazing I don't know where you
find this amazing fucking shit but
you're crazy and I don't deserve you and
thank you so much oh my dad Thank You
Avery what the fuck oh we've got
something from Joseph Michaels BFF sent
me something he told me you did but it's
still surprise every time I see it
alright oh did you wrap it or did mom
wrap it oh my god it's a girl's head
what happened to you Joseph's
decapitated a girl oh there's his oh
thank oh there's her little gun alright
we've got it from mom and dad to Tara
Oh
birthday Tara love mom and dad it is
your very special day to clown around
and have a ball so enjoy your birthday
party thank you mr. and mrs. Michael's
you are so sweet and this one's from
Joseph happy birthday hey BFF it's your
day hope your birthday is as special as
you are I love you your adventures best
friend Joseph yes my birthday is
December 15th surprise me
will do made me some terror merch shirt
size XL we have some Marvel shoelaces
this is awesome
now that I'm finally getting some cool
shoes that I wear that have shoelaces
you can see it's got like Captain
America on it Thank You Joseph
Oh put her head on there we go oh my god
I've never seen so many joints in my
entire life look at her butt though like
look at her fucking butt what she's good
can you guys see this focus on the butt
focus they're good at that though mmm
can't make it focus on the butt but
she's got a butt butt buddy but but I
don't even know where this is from to be
honest it's like I can't tell what the
thing the insignia on her arm but it
kind of looks like me right and she can
hold her gun where's her gun Oh whew
I love it Thank You Joseph come on
Lapras it's our time to shine Oh Dragon
Ball xenoverse to number the ps4 that's
fuckin awesome oh my god I was thinking
about getting a success for so good
looking out and what is this the first
Dragon Ball xenoverse day one edition oh
my god I have this on PC and I didn't
play it that much because I would want
to play it with Jay and I play with Jay
on the ps4 so this is pretty cool post
in the comments which a game we think is
better should I skip the frizzy no verse
I only played a little bit of it and go
straight to the second either way thank
you so much Joseph you are a badass
mm-hmm I'm gonna post his links in the
description by the way he is a youtuber
what could this be
we're not even oh shit no no okay
squirtle face I'm kicked him off oh this
kind of looks good too don't you think
hi Tara I thought you could use a good
leaf blower for your apartment your
secret lover donald's Oh
die
