hi guys welcome to new episode of
shitter says oh yeah if you guys
remember two episodes ago there was a 16
year old boy who is a fucking bad-ass
oh my god my eyelash let's look together
that was fucking weird that was like a
traumatic experience give me a moment I
don't know what happened but they all
just imploded into my eye okay anyway
our man aka Iron Man made another shit
Tara says and it is ten times better
than the last one which was really
fucking good I literally laughed like
throughout the whole fucking video it
was so great our man has to Instagram
account one is dedicated to the lovely
Harley Quinn so if you like Harley Quinn
you should follow that one I also be
posting his personal Instagram account
and the last shit Tara says he made in
the description so if you like his
content you think he's a badass like I
do go ahead and throw him a follow
I personally followed both of his
accounts and he's awesome he's also kind
of a cutie our man hit me up when you
turn 18 that sounds so bad anyway guys
thank you so much our man for making the
video and I know you guys will enjoy
this so just stay tuned Tara does say
the darndest things
roll footage
a disclaimer please don't try to stick
your fingers on anyone's like private
parts unless you know that they're at
least down for the kiss first right hey
guys I've decided that I'm gonna start
doing a series called sex stories or
called something better than sex stories
I am kind of a big bitch I'm a bitch I'm
a huge bitch you guys know this if
someone has sex with me there should be
proud of it basically I had a fetish
with trying to see my neighborhood
friend crispy when I was like eight to
11 years old yet a state unesp your
lowness and then we decided to date
which is like the high school version of
actual dating which can last anywhere
from ten minutes to a really long time
but in this case we just talked a little
bit on the phone and then like a week
later he dumped me what the fuck is
wrong with your tiny terrible awful it's
literally the worst fucking thing in the
entire world oh just like McMuffin it
doesn't sell your drinks it doesn't say
anything how the fuck did this bitch on
the phone know that that was a person
who was even related to me in any way
like with that person coulda just stole
my food like I can't even emulate the
stupidity of this fucking person you
should flash me or Ted sir when Jay and
I started fucking it sticks his hand
into my romper and like starts like
touching my vagina like you're clearly
fucking I needed some energy you know I
was like trying to be a slutty bitch
around him and stuff like that I don't
know how these people haven't gone
insane and murdered this baby yet
without hesitation if someone really
fucked me over to the point where I
didn't believe that they should live
anymore I would to strike them down with
the fury of a thousand gods and not
think twice and potty
he'll just fucking murdering people like
literally murdering people
it's me tio all right let's open the
fucking packages I love you so much
ah now I'm a kitty cat I wanna be the
best like no one ever was mastered
titties look at him he likes the dick
we got nipple pasties that came right we
got this what was that someone's
deciding to break into my house right
now they will feel the wrath of Tara
like I hope you were breaking into my
house right now so I have someone to
fucking take this anger out on keep this
bag away from babies and children it
didn't cling to their nose and mouth and
prevent breathing now I know it's you
next time they're walking on the fucking
hallway when I'm trying to do videos
studio ghibli titties oh my god it's
like the hottest thing in the world it's
a literal piece of shit just like her
ever tongue that dirty sluts hey girl
was you were doing
how about I plumb out your pipe Oh God
so bad mm-hmm
I once kicked a guy in the balls and
then asked him if he still loved me I
was 12 I was a terrible person when I
was 12
I'm strong like Donkey Kong gettin over
your mom's a whore like a loser
deal with it bitch blood never smelled
so good I cannot contain my sexual
desires so she party oh but I have no
idea why Sonic's nose looks like an
erect hedgehog penis like what is going
on here yes I got a whole bottle
artificial spunk why would you spend
money on someone else use your money
better why would anyone send her
anything
gherkin you are fucking bad-ass did you
send this to me to catch me ah I need to
like not play with this I don't want to
be caught and I feel so fancy with my
family amulet oh okay everyone I think
now is the time you say thank you to
rubber tongue this outfit is hot love it
I should wear it with absolutely nothing
on yes yes I'm up here that's better you
know I do have a face - whoa
I hope they take me seriously I really
care about the opinions of strangers let
me dress more professionally hey guys
fake hair fake boobs no fat for you
mother fuck this place
fuck me bitch fuck me only die you
fucking bitch fuck this balls in the
dick fuck that fucking took three dicks
gives the flower to a girl and reveals
his penis and she laughs coz it's small
that happened I'm making my own splooge
there's fires trailers tears suck my ass
what it's like a fat asshole
his fat asses on the door fuck um
Benedict Oh fucking kangaroos
oh my fucking cock fax that back I'm
sunburned did you fab so long and so
hard that you created a fire that
somehow was so potent it had UVA UVB
rays in it and you sat too long
continuing to fab so you got a sunburn
is that what happened I can't stop she
put a fucking cleavage oh the fuck
criticizes tits like they're wonderful
they milk babies the end make your
penises stand on end and pleasure you
greatly coming over those big juicy
fucking debts please boobs alone fuck
you piece of shit you're a ho-bag
fucking whore hashtag nice shirt hashtag
nice shirt hashtag nice shirt hashtag
nice shirt have you ever been in a
gangbang have you ever been in a
gangbang have you ever been in a
gangbang please do conspiracy theories
please do theories please do reaction
scary videos please do life teaching an
educational experience
please do horror stories dame you just
gave me a boner really what the fuck
look at you you're the biggest YouTube
slut I've ever seen
god damn you she said she'd be a
prostitute here I wanna
this is the best channel ever bad girls
bad girls what you gonna do what you
gonna do when they come for you
more magic duck gathering put that nice
titties away and once you show us them
nipples perfect ends maybe we should
distance ourselves from each other but
your men now come fully equipped with a
large and spacious scrotum and a cock
long enough to pulverize your guts you
are a whore and eating come as nasty why
would you ever do that and isn't it
stupid to solo it have him come into
your hands lick it or just do the whole
thing
fuck the trolls not actually fuck them
or just like screw them but not actually
screwed yeah by dr. Tara is here to help
hey I bought a sex toy oh you're strong
warrior pussy must be so loose I'm gonna
make you beg for it oh yeah what the
fuck happened to my sasha grade male
masturbator a tiny flaccid like teenager
penis i don't know what the fuck i miss
being inside of you lay my tits are
about to pop out at any minute I've been
a bad girl and I need someone to punish
me tickle your fancy with two pleasure
points buzzing with simultaneous
stimulation dual motors in this 8-inch
of vibes angle g-spot tip and the
flexing clitoral ticular ticular tickler
treat your hot spots to seven speeds and
functions of supercharged vibration
while the tutorial teasers bold but
buzzes your clit the g-spot shafts and
massages your deepest pleasure points
and a naughty anal tickler knocks at
your backdoor I think it's time I let
you in the back door tonight scary sex -
a mutation
you make me so wet two squirts all over
her lover drench them in bodily fluids
if you know what I mean did you know
that old people actually still have sex
fucking what the fuck is that shit you
know what cliff anus vagina I'm gonna
make you come so hard
I must have ejaculated Colonna Willie
thank you vagina again good shit mmm hey
guys hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys
hey guys keep your fucking mouth shut
hey guys and welcome to sexy story time
underneath Chantal weekly phone blog
random topic videos
oh my god I had to go through like five
minutes before I actually heard about
the topic what's the fuck what happened
can't prove it it's me Terry oh this is
totally published what's so good of a
writer I am not to toot my own horn it's
nuts
and know now that time of the month
that's nasty you're nasty for even
saying that
and you guys see me is this working at
or even though I'm sitting here doing
this some people think I'm crazy
and then I often have to explain it to
people Wow hey it's the librarian and
there'd be some secret agent action
halfway down this is why big booth girls
wear clean shirts I had to pee furiously
and my stomach was evolving into a giant
void equipped with its own rhinoceros
sounds once in a while I want to like
either change something with my hair get
a piercing or gonna tattoo so I'm
thinking like do I want to get like
black tips in my hair or pink tips and
do I want to get like a septum piercing
do I want to get another tattoo where
would I get my tattoo it
you have a sanguine bond stuck to your
butt cheek pee and it's bright as fuck
yeah dobro done Ksyusha dobro saw Petey
dobro easy to da belly key to cover ya
and I was not only exhausted in starving
I was seriously sick of my bony butt
scraping against thought rock hard
wooden seats dananananana
looks like I'm using an ice pad to fix
my face for some reason because zombie
bit it and then stone on some walk
around I'm like hey friends
what's up and then I put on the face and
I'm like oh nothing a zombie just bit it
what I don't see any Zelda Hyrule text
on here he's talking about please
odds my roommates boxers little tiny
sexy boxers infecting power
and I'm gonna be really excited when
it's done so it's halfway done and I'm
pretty excited
dude the weirdest thing just happened is
that I keep feeling like there's so many
behind me it's terrifying I don't like
it
a fucking kill him
so I had big fucking vlog just in case I
end up dying
hey motherfuckers Oh just fucking fuck
me dude booth that's cool
what's her pussy on my dick and I'm just
like oh that's small come over raped me
in the butt and just fuck me like that
my uterus was contracting and imploding
on itself that's how it felt it was
really awful and she does like me to do
an ASMR video is this heaven
so without showing my vagina you can see
that I am like actually up on my feet
here like I lean back and just bounce on
the cock and I just knocked over all my
plushies shit
do you give good head yes I do do you
like it when a guy comes on your face I
do so amazing you get to fuck god oh my
god I just recorded a video before this
and I've had this fucking sticker on my
tits the entire time it's yeah I guess
why are you so Dustin wall of Nintendo
plushies you can't go wrong with a
little bit of sexuality that doesn't
deter from the story really really rough
torture sex would be awesome I just
think my vagina is so cute wake up wake
up wake up oh I can relate to Harley
Quinn more than most real girls I look
really naked right now I can go like
this and just show you more of me have
you seen the movie inside of me and I'm
like what the fuck dad some kind of porn
it doesn't make any sense
but they kind of make it make sense if
that makes any sense he can't protect me
from zerglings any time in our iran or
you can stick his knight its network in
my backdoor alas I forgotten most of the
sexual jokes you can make from Starcraft
2 jargon like all my wife died from
testicular cancer what's taller a five
foot four fat Brewer five foot four
skinny girl she has gigantic fucking
tits yes please he got Charlie the big
titty bitch who likes to do this
dominatrix type stuff to the guys which
is great
everybody happy
