hey guys welcome to a new bladder vlog
today I'm gonna talk about something
that people do specifically in the
comments section or the people make
videos about that really bothers me and
that is the also never mind the Dragon
Ball Z mess and the Goodhead mess I just
got done recording a video of me
tasting Goodhead flavors which is
interesting it was probably up this
Thursday or last Thursday so if you want
to check that out I'll maybe post in the
description if I remember if not you can
just search it but I really hate it when
people compare their bad experiences or
how hard their life has been with other
people like I'm not a big fan of people
comparing themselves to others in the
first place I like people getting some
kind of inspiration from others or I
like competitiveness and envy that can
result in someone being a stronger
person or someone you know how do I say
this
like someone someone you know pushing
themselves further because they saw that
someone else is doing it just people
being inspired by other people I'm
definitely a fan of that but I'm not a
fan of people saying like well look at
her in the magazine why can't I be that
pretty why does she not have cellulite
that's just like a bad interpretation of
the world in my opinion like obviously
you should know that there's Photoshop
that there's people that have different
skin than you that people only post the
good pictures of themselves and not the
bad pictures of themselves and even if
you're watching this video right now and
you're saying well god damn Tara looks
so good it's because of the lighting or
the lower HD quality there are lights
that I look fucking awful in and I have
no problem saying that and it doesn't
make me insecure to know that even
though I haven't seen Kim Kardashian in
a bad light or something and I think
she's gorgeous not saying that I do
that's just an example
I do think Kim Kardashian's gorgeous
when she's thinner I'm not really a fan
of her ass but I am a fan of her facial
whatever the fuck going off on a tangent
again but anyway I don't get insecure
seeing other beautiful women I get
motivated inspired horny all these
things that are like positive you know
so I'm fine with that kind of comparing
yourself to others but the thing that
I'm talking about today the thing that
really bothers me is let's say I made a
video about how I'm a teenager and I
broke up with my boyfriend and I'm
crying and I'm actually hurt and I'm not
having a good time and I feel like this
is the biggest pain that will ever be
bestowed upon me in my entire life like
I'm actually feeling tons of pain and
then in the comments section you'll see
some jerk that's like you don't know
anything about a hard life you haven't
experienced a hard life until you've
been an African child with no food or
even worse yet comparing themselves to
that person that they're watching the
video of basically saying that your
experiences don't matter your pain
doesn't matter if someone's in pain it
doesn't matter why this is the first
reason I don't like it if someone's in
pain it doesn't matter why they are
factually in pain and they think they
are in pain it's a mental thing sure
it's an emotional thing sure it's not a
logical thing maybe but they're in pain
and you should feel for that person you
shouldn't be such an asshole about it
and you should never determine from
being open and honest with their
experiences because that experience
might be helping some other kid out
there who said going through the same
problem it doesn't matter how privileged
that kid is in that moment that person
is feeling pain and the biggest reason
why I fucking hate this phenomenon is
the fact that humans are extremely
extremely good at rising to the occasion
and adapting to their situation so
honestly if you think about it and
factually that starving African child
probably feels less pain and less
sadness then that really privileged
really sheltered kid whose first breakup
just happened and they've never had
anything else bad happen in their lives
to them that's like the end of the world
but to the perception of that African
child that's like another day in the
life we are humans who have to adapt we
have to rise to the challenge and be
able to survive like certain hardships
why do you think no one in Africa other
than religion why do you think no one in
Africa just like commit suicide at the
rate that like our privileged Western
culture is committing suicide like
because we are actually too sheltered we
haven't experienced all the pain and
hardship of the African children that
don't eat or the people who actually
live in poverty every day so to say that
oh you haven't felt pain until this and
that that's not even true like pain is
it's perception it's not like an actual
factual thing that you can put on a
scale there's no Mohs scale of life
hardness you know what I'm saying and if
there was mine would probably be
rady fucking low on the scale like I've
had a pretty perfect life I've been
pretty privileged but that's not to say
that I haven't felt pain that's not to
say that I haven't felt sadness similar
to the level of sadness of people who
have had much harder lives than me and
it just doesn't it doesn't serve any
purpose in my opinion the only people
who get mad when someone is sad about
something they don't believe they should
be sad about those people are either
exhibiting an extremely emotional
response that's not based on logic at
all they're just like basically being
triggered by the fact that someone else
is sad and they're also having a sad
life so they want to put that person
down and deter that person from pretty
much ever speaking out on their
sadnesses again and that's just that's
just wrong in so many ways in my opinion
based on my perception or they just
haven't thought about this logically
like they're not thinking about the fact
that pain emotional or physical is a
perception thing like I have I physical
pain tolerance it's higher than most
people is higher than JJ can actually
bite on my finger and we do this
sometimes it's very weird I know but Jay
could actually like bite on my finger
until it almost bleeds and I don't even
make a sound or move or flinch it's just
like okay but if I do that to someone
else they would feel a ton of pain and
that's a good way to show that it's not
a factual fact-based thing where you can
just be like yeah yeah the news person
you may have had things that a lot of
society would view as harder but you
probably came from a place where you
grew up stronger and the more you were
exposed to these hardships the easier
and God you know what I'm saying if you
get broken up with every single day
that's probably you're not even gonna
feel that anymore there's gonna be like
okay yeah that's the normal thing that's
gonna happen I'm gonna break up soon and
if you are starving every day there's
probably a lot worse things you can deal
with than just starving and that's not
gonna really affect you anymore like I'm
assuming the starving kids in Africa
smile sometimes and have fun and play
games and act like real children and
their families have you know great times
you know relative to their situation and
this is not to say that people who are
having hardships like real hardships
aren't having hardships it's just to say
that like it's a perception thing it's a
perspective thing and to put down
someone else just because they haven't
experienced the hardships that you have
like why would you
want someone to it's so selfish and
disrespectful to want someone like you
haven't felt pain and tell you but in my
shoes you should be like it's nice that
this person's worst feeling that they've
ever had in their lives is just coming
from a breakup that they haven't had to
experience the things that you've
experienced and that they probably are
hurting at a fucking comparable level to
what you have hurt because you know
we're adaptable you know my first pain
that I remember my first sadness in life
and I was devastated I remember wanting
to die as a child just because I got
this perfect face paint and then I cried
because I couldn't get on a ride that I
wanted to get on and I ruined my face
paint and my hind sight was like I
really loved this face paint why did I
do this and that was I remember that
being as painful as some of the actually
painful things that have happened in my
life and that being said like there are
so many people to go like I've been
raped you can't cry about a relationship
ending well I don't feel like rape is as
big of a deal as that person probably
feels I think there are many worse
things in the world you know way worse
than rape and stuff like that and so
it's all just a perception perspective
you know how strong the person is the
person's preferences like maybe that
person likes to be broken up with so
someone watching that who likes to be
broken up with might be like why does he
even care brick and getting broken up
with this fun drama yeah like it's so
dumb to compare yourself to others or to
put someone down because their
perception is different than yours or to
try to say you cannot quantify your pain
you can't quantify your pain with
someone else
pain is something that yeah you can use
that word but it means a different thing
to all of us so I've done I've actually
gotten this credit criticism on my
videos and you guys know I am NOT for
making negative cry-baby bitch like oh
my god my life is hard videos if
anything I am people call me
narcissistic because I say that my life
is fucking perfect and amazing and like
randomly people would be like you're not
you know respectful of your life you're
not you happy for the things that you
have oh my god yes I am so if I make a
rants video that doesn't mean that I am
disdainful about my life
doesn't mean that I'm sad it means that
I made an entertaining video about
something that worked me like this this
is not actually deterring me from being
happy this is just something that
bothers me that people do and I hope
that if someone watches this video
they're either entertained informed or
they can kind of agree with me and if
they don't agree with me I've given them
an argument to base their arguments on
so that they you know have a better
understanding of their arguments and I
just feel like this is overall a
positive thing even though I'm saying
things about people you know it's not a
it's not a negative it's not a
positively subjected video but what I
want to get out of it is something
that's positive a discussion a
philosophical discussion a discussion
that might entertain people make people
go like yeah I agree with that or the
people who go around saying like my
knife is harder than you are stop making
videos complaining about your life maybe
they can take a step back and see that
yeah okay maybe my perception of what
pain is or whatever you know is
different from this person and maybe I
should not feel sorry but kind of
understand and put myself in that
person's shoes like I feel like it's
probably true I feel like there's good
evidence to support I'm not a hundred
percent but I think there's good
evidence to support that if you can like
tie your brain up to like a monitor and
I'm sure you can I just can't do it so I
don't have the data to tell you whether
or not this is true but if you attached
your brain to be able to tell the sorrow
that you're experiencing at that point I
feel like a rich privileged kid who got
rejected for the first time will
probably have the same endorphins going
on in their brain that make the same
pain happen compared to those who are in
poverty and someone they love dies like
it's just based on perception it's based
on what's happened in your life how
strong you are and instead of hating
people who have had easier lives you
should just be happy for your
experiences and how much stronger
they've made you have a person because
you're not dead yet you haven't
committed suicide yet you're still
fucking going and if anything it should
empower you and that's just my point of
this video I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog vlogs are always gonna be all over
the place and I'm not gonna be a hundred
percent happy or satisfied with any of
them and I've just come to fucking I've
just come to deal with that fact
this is a more casual way of doing
videos it's something that I just can't
structure it I always go all over the
place there's tangents and I'm learning
to love that I used to hate these videos
I was very happy when I got a better
quality camera and now it's actually fun
to just sit here in rant and hope that
people take this for what it is it's
just a few ideas that I'm throwing
around I could be wrong I could update
the video with something completely
different but this is just how I feel
and this is my perception and I want to
hear you guys is I'm not deterring
anyone else from you know disagreeing
with me I would love to hear your
disagreements or your agreements or your
epiphanies whatever you guys have as a
result of this video please post in the
comments and I hope you guys enjoyed
like the video and subscribe if you did
and I will see you in the next video
thumbs up for Dragon Ball Z and
kitty-cats and fucking hairballs
hairballs hairballs are good right cats
mmm clears out your intestines and all
that shit I love you guys let's take out
whatever hmm that's fine I guess right
bye guys
