hey guys it's FM time yes one of my
favorite series Aziz's of the week every
week because that means I get to open
packages from you guys and letters and I
get to read your questions answer them
and do a giveaway so last week's winner
of the giveaway was Eric eh
congratulations Eric eh Eric wanted a
steam game and his choice was the
infinite warfare seasonpass so I quickly
sent that over to him I hope you enjoy
your season pass Eric thank you so much
for being a subscriber of my gaming
channel if you guys want to sign up for
this week's giveaway link will be in the
description as always unless I forget
like last week and then put it in a
comment like a couple hours later when
I'm waking up to pee in the middle of
the night if it's not down there let me
know sorry I forgot I'm bad at stuff
sometimes all right we have two
questions this week and remember guys I
answer questions every week so please
post yours in the comments there weren't
that many so like I'm grasping at straws
here trying to find one the first one
let's flip this is by Connor K hashtag
ask space you can't use the space you're
trying to hashtag tera when or will you
ever make that video on what you would
do if you are a president oh the
suspense I think it's important I said I
could make a video on everything I would
change in the world if I was a dictator
I don't really think I said like as a
presidential candidate but I really feel
like I'm not into politics enough to
know what I would do or what I even
could do as a president there's a lot of
things I would change if I was a
dictator but I have no idea I would be
out of my element as a president so no
I'm probably not gonna make that video
also no that would be too sensitive and
there would be too many people that are
actually really into politics
scrutinizing everything that I say right
now because politics is such a hot topic
next question is by melody transsexual I
just want to know where she got all the
cute plushies okay so half of them I got
from you guys sending me things from my
Amazon wishlist or importing things from
Japan other things I've had since my
childhood because I've been a collector
of plushies my entire life you should
see the collection I still have at my
parents house and in that half that are
from my childhood a lot of them I just
bought in my adulthood I've just always
loved plushies specifically plushies of
the nerd culture or gaming variety more
than I love this bra all right let's get
into opening packages we got to do it we
got to do it wait first we're gonna
start with the letter because I fucking
love letters yes yes yes this is from
Hamza B Hamza B thank you for sending me
taking the time to send me a fucking
letter dear Tara my name is ham
also you probably shouldn't read this in
your video hmm not allowed to read this
in the video so we're just gonna do this
all right let's see hmm I would say
based on my preferences you're like a 5
out of 10 which is like basically
average but I will say this you
shouldn't worry about what you're
supposed to be and you shouldn't worry
about what anyone else thinks
since you don't want me to divulge
what's in these I can't really say much
more thanks for sending me these it's
always nice to see things like this not
gonna lie and I appreciate you taking
the time to send me something like this
that makes me smile all right the next
thing we have is this I don't know
what's going on with this but it's from
Columbia House oh my god it's my Zelda
here's my link here is my fucking Zelda
link ears
uh okay there we go if I could put them
up more it would look better but now I'm
like totally Zelda or link probably link
because of the green but I could just be
like a random elf
I don't know who said this to me but
thank you so much this is gonna go great
with the hoodie whenever I get the
hoodie there's like a female link
cosplay hoodie that looks so cute thank
you I love your mouse what so these oh
it says I love your YouTube channel I
hope this fits your taste and your body
keep in touch his YouTube is John
Bongiovi his Instagram is at UNO
underscore double underscore dragon his
Twitter is at Star Walker for one-30 and
his tumblr is paradoxical snapchat is
John Bongiovi I'll put all that stuff in
the description thank you so much let's
see what it is I'm saying thank you
before I see what it is because I know
it's gonna be awesome
Gaming goddess you may now before me I
like it it definitely is going to fit
it's cute I can do underboob with it a
lot of people would be very mad if I put
it on right now because you know it
would cover Izzy boobies and it would
ruin my hair thank you so much John
Bongiovi
and it's stretchy perfect I just wish it
was a cleavage shirt Wow
you don't have to send me things it
makes me happy though oh what's the
sweet next we've got hopefully an
amazing plushie like the best plushie in
the world I know it's gonna be oh my god
ah it's the team oh this is from Jay Moo
he showed me on accident I think that he
sent me this team oh but it is so
fucking cute look at it oh my god
he's so fucking happy that he's a troll
he's so happy and he's got a little
thingy so I can hang him up it's like
most men mm-hm-hm-hm-hm
thank you to mood I appreciate it he's
gonna go with my streaming plushies I'm
gonna sneeze oh when I get things like
this I really miss playing league I need
to play more League man it's just that I
feel like I'm holding Jay back every
time I play league with him because he's
like serious and I haven't played in
months but I do miss my bye car all
right we have this tiny-ass thing that I
almost didn't see what could it be
yeah it's the fifth version of the kitty
headband she bought one of these for
herself and she said she was gonna buy
one for me oh my god it's so cute it's
like hot pink - it's like my favorite
color pink can we put this on without
like completely ruining my hair I don't
think we can okay we're just gonna put
it we're gonna hang it on one of my
space buns we're gonna we're gonna hang
it there doesn't that look good I think
it looks good boxed I'm boxes be damned
Tara's got a box cutter what if they
made like people cutters you know I
guess they kind of do you know like
military knives and things oh my god yay
hey beautiful I just want to see you
make me smile a lot and very happy I'm
sure hundreds can say the same oh I hope
so it's one of my main goals with making
content love Adam derpy of course and
it's a tiny tiny you have to see it oh
my god open to the Tara alright alright
alright oh come out come out there we go
so cute I can't even show it it's just
so cute oh my god he's just like hanging
there like oh he's like wait tinier than
I thought he would be and he's in his
like little cape and everything oh thank
you derpy I appreciate it
I need to find a way to attach this to
my phone like to put it in the headphone
jack the 8 millimeter headphone jack or
whatever the fuck I'm gonna stick him on
my bra oh yeah ah there we go
oh so cute all right we've got box upon
box today I think I'm being spoiled for
my pre my pre birthday I think a lot of
people were like sending me things early
so that it gets here on time and then I
got here
little early I think that's what's going
on all right this is really cool this I
didn't know this was an amiibo it's a
it's a fire bar display you know like in
the fucking old Mario's like the retro
Mario's like one and three and stuff
with the fucking when you're in the
Bowser castles like oh then the
fireballs also awesome this is from
wicked Ares yeah very high Terra please
enjoy my gifts to you for being so
awesome
from Adam P aka wicked Ares thank you so
much you told me you're gonna give me
something and you really didn't have to
wind up bar so you can wind it up and
then it like spins oh my god I have to
get this open it is important that I do
so hastily
why is so difficult I have like these
long nails that you would think would
make it easier to open shit like this
but it just doesn't Oh where's the wind
up
oh you wind it up like this okay okay
okay okay okay okay okay
that's a little loud but awesome
nonetheless oh it's like so 3d I love it
all right I just had to get an amiibo to
put it in there because it is it is too
awesome how perfectly it fits in there
and oh my god I love it
I love it so much moving on oh it's
gift-wrapped that's fucking good and
this is like a really really cool gift
wrapping do they actually decide to
incorporate some legit gift wrapping
into their fucking shit cuz this is like
wow I am impressed hi misty Babcock you
talked about this in one of your vlogs
so I thought I'd give this to you hope
it'll fit much love to Nui I love this
bag it's like a it's like a sexy black
dress I talked about this in one of my
vlogs Oh about looking good and as in a
black sexy dress is that what I talked
about I unfortunately can't wear this
right now because it would require no
bra but maybe Dan you guy
I'll send you some personal pictures
thank you so much this is gonna actually
be really amazing because I'm going to a
wedding in December and I've never been
to a real wedding before so I had no
idea what to wear and this might
actually be nice especially for the
after party thank you I love it and it
definitely will fit now I have my own
little black dress there's nothing in it
but paper I love paper LMT here are the
batteries for the arcade machine it's
just some batteries why would why would
I need a whole box for this what a
fucking waste of cardboard and time
rubber tongue why didn't you just send
them all together in one package you're
such an idiot
rubber tongue I should punch the shit
out of you it's another gift from two
new guy oh hi Babs if you want to be
even hotter wear him wear him is it
rubber tongues balls can I like put
rubber tongues balls on a chain put it
around my neck cuz that would make me
even hotter no way oh it's like a it's
like a Charizard underboob shirt this is
also gonna be worn in fucking fanservice
Friday at some point someone sent me
these for like a bunch of different
Pokemon and I was like oh yes I would
wear all of them but this is how I'm
gonna wear it for you Dan you guy
I should like put it around my boob
Thank You de neri I can't wait to wear
this should I really wish I could be
wearing things my boobs have been really
sore the last couple days cuz I wasn't
wearing a bra as much as I should and
now I'm just like diligent about wearing
a bra and I also don't want to ruin my
space buns and I'm sorry guys you're
gonna have to stare at my boobs like
this okay there's not gonna be variation
to boobs unless there's like some
button-up or something that I can put on
in this video you're gonna have to deal
with it you know what I'm saying you're
just gonna have to deal with it oh yay
no way it got here holy shiz it's from
rubber tongue or what gorgeous LMT it's
funny because some months ago I saw this
gift on the NED game website and I was
thinking of buying it for you back then
two weeks ago or so I noticed you put it
on your wish list so here you go have
fun with it I'm so excited oh it's for
the SNES and I have so many SNES
cartridges that I oh I would totally
play this way more than my 3s which is
kind of sad but oh my god this is the
only thing that's better than emulating
it because emulating it you can stream
it with this I can be like in the car
just chilling playing Super Nintendo
games oh I'm gonna be doing an unboxing
of this I fucking love this packaging
holy shit this is really high quality
good boy rubber and evil controllers I
am so so excited good boy rubber tongue
it has a TV output a rechargeable
battery SNES an SMC compatible it even
takes the Japanese SFC cartridges that's
fucking crazy I don't think anyone's
gonna be able to top that this week but
maybe we'll see we'll see
Oh another awesomely packaged fucking
gift bet you guys it's from de new guy
did a new guy you need to stop spending
your money on me what am I fuckin told
you like literally don't do it I don't
want it I want it but I don't want it
this is actually from Martin oh my god
hi Terra I've followed you for a while
and I've met so many great people on
your discord it's been tough but I feel
like I'm a more confident person because
of the connections I've made also shout
out to my best friend Eva
Oh shout out to Eva that ho gets a shout
out she's hot link in the description
you should check her out yeah I feel
like my discord is great cuz it's like a
community of a bunch of people that like
have a similar interest in like video
games or something
and I just love it I love that there are
people who I've made friends with
through discord and through patreon and
through YouTube who are now making
friends with each other it's really
beautiful and I don't know I said the
time to be on discord but when I come
back everyone's always talking to each
other and it's so oh my god Martin oh
they're so cute this is the cutest thing
ever
oh my god the favorite Charmander and it
may be squirtle this squirtle is less
baby than the Charmander I'm not gonna
lie like isn't this girl a little bit
bigger than the Charmander wouldn't you
say I would say I do say I am saying but
oh my god there's like the Charmander is
like a baby compared to the squirtle and
then we also have the bulb is so I can't
we don't fit in that tiny box that is so
sweet Martin you did not have to do that
I appreciate it I'm really happy to hear
that you're a more confident person look
at his like bulb butthole that's a bulb
butthole that's right that's right
Bulbasaur you like that mm I feel like
Bulbasaur is a very underrated starter
no one ever picks Bulbasaur I always
picked squirtle but everyone picks
Charmander all the all the fucking plebs
the plebeians fucking pick Charmander
but the badasses pick squirtle and then
I feel bad for Bulbasaur most in the
comments if you ever picked Bulbasaur as
you're a starter and any Pokemon game or
if you would nature man I feel for your
bubble sort these are really fucking
cute like you have to look at all go
together know how cute they are like oh
so cute I'm looking at them the view
finder thing on my laptop they're like
my whole like chubby set of Eevee
evolutions oh I love that thing to death
thank you so much I don't deserve you
guys especially when I sing like that
Wow
yeah I added some mods to my stardew
valley so I'm like really excited to go
a stream after this it's gonna be fun I
don't know how long I'm gonna stream
though because I've been like fucking
working all day
retired what is this what is all this
please let there be a note gorgeous
Valentin next week you could do a
different kind of blow job with these
whistles amazing LMT you could use these
next week if you don't mind making a
mess what are these they're confetti
shooters confetti shooters I kind of
want to make Jay open these and then
record it oh yeah I remember that shit
out here with this but what is this oh
we got a bunch Elaine it's a late party
I want to get laid now oh yes oh yes I
am the queen of lays oh shit
whoa all right we're gonna try to stay
like this while we open the last package
oh yes we motherfucking are where the
fuck is my thing oh god I know I'm gonna
like step on it and damage my rectum
there we go
I found it we're no rectums we'll be
damaged in the making of this video
imagine if someone could damage their
rectum just by stepping on something
that would be hilarious like I guess if
you somehow step on like a rake and the
rake somehow goes up your asshole
sideways maybe lovely alum tea made this
party how it looked nice on you at your
birthday at my birthday rubber tongue
you mean on my birthday
my birthday is not a location rubbers
fuck god you're such a rubber fuck oh
I'm not allowed to wear these yet oh my
God look at these glasses I'm so wearing
this shit next week these are gonna be
epic oh my god this is what I'm doing
the video in next week oh so good I
almost poked my hand off it would have
been awful thank you so much guys for
everything Martin's a new guy fucking
Eva you guys are amazing
my favorite fucking people obviously
rubber tongue falls under that category
but he doesn't get the satisfaction no
he doesn't I look like someone I look
like John Lennon or something don't I
look like John Lennon right now alright
guys thank you so much I really
appreciate it you're amazing you've done
so much for me all of you everyone who
watches my videos I appreciate it like
the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoyed and let me know in the
comments if you would ever pick
Bulbasaur as your starter I hope you
guys have a wonderful weekend and thank
you for making me smile day in and day
out you guys are amazing inside now and
I add and out because of hamza how are
you guys are so awesome
mwah see you next week with a new Friday
night mail don't forget to sign up for
the giveaway and I love you guys
subscribe to my twitch channel at Tara
Babcock or twitch.tv slash Terri Babcock
and let me know what you think of my bra
slash shirt slash everything look my new
lashes and everything just give me your
opinions on all things
I should put this in my mouth and then
let J fuck me from behind and then it'll
be like how awesome would that be
I'm leaving now for real bye
