hey guys welcome to a new video on the
vlog Channel today we're gonna be
testing out all of the different flavors
that I got here of Goodhead now this is
something that's supposed to make giving
head a lot more pleasurable for women I
don't have a problem with giving head
and it's pleasure ability I think it's
very pleasurable just as is I feel like
the flavors that you get in your mouth
when you successfully complete a blowjob
those are just vastly vastly better than
coughs syrup tasting ass shit fun fact
when I was younger one of my older
friends because I did have older friends
when I was a teenager had the strawberry
version of this stuff and I was like wow
giving head could get better and I
decided to steal it from her and try it
it was gross I feel like you would be
better off just taking a chocolate cake
something that actually tastes like
chocolate or the you know advertised
flavors like ground-up strawberries and
passionfruit and cinnamon and mystical
mint whatever the fuck that is and just
applying directly to the shaft of the
penis that would probably do better some
people do find food erotic like
strawberries wine but not for me that
being said I wholeheartedly believe that
there's no one in the world that
actually likes the taste of this shit's
it's pretty bad so today we're gonna be
taste testing this if you guys are
wondering or Tara Reid's comments is
since this is supposed to be a Tara
Reid's Commons day I've realized that
that is the series that gets the least
views on my channel now when it used to
be getting one of the most so I'm only
gonna be doing it once a month instead
of twice a month now because I feel like
it needs a little bit of a rest or a
break if it's not getting as many views
that means something is stagnated maybe
I'm just flooding my channel with it and
this extra day off from doing a series
will allow me to do stupid shit like
this tasting Goodhead flavors on camera
I want to give you the fanservice intro
but instead of saying this is fanservice
Friday this is pointless a shit Thursday
and it has nothing to offer other than
gratuitous entertainment value so don't
take much from it other than you know if
you had a hard day at work maybe I can
make you laugh alright so the first
thing I'm noticing is that this shit is
fucking extremely annoying to open like
what the fuck is going on like this is
harder to open then you know when you
get a new CD ah what you know when you
get a new CD and then you open it you
finally get the plastic wrap off and
then there's like that fucking piece of
tape there and just like why me you know
it's like that and I just threw them all
over the place so now I have to go grab
them it's not a real box man it's
sorry excuse for a box do they get all
of them my suppose have five
yep it's supposed to be five good thing
to note is that these are cruelty free
by the way now I have a little bit more
respect for Doc Johnson and they're
awful awful good head flavors alright so
uh we're gonna be trying wild cherry
first we're gonna be trying wild cherry
I have no hopes I don't have high hopes
or low hopes for this flavor I have no
hopes so well it's just like what the
fuck ah what the fuck the aftertaste
it's like ah that's so awful it was like
okay at first you just see my face I was
like happy at first I was like wow maybe
I have misjudged this Oh built in
America since 1976 they really need to
stop saying that because it makes it
seem like they haven't upgraded the
flavors ah I didn't bring any water to
cleanse my palate no I I am not happy
with it juicy passion fruit I don't even
know what passion for it is it looks
like a pomegranate I guess but yeah this
is what it looks like that's it that's a
passion fruit right there alright
alright here we go I'm gonna do this her
single one oh it's like Pinker it's like
prairie-dogging your shit you know like
going oh this is so gross watch it
alright here we go here we go here you
that's not bad I waited for it and there
was no there was no chemical aftertaste
like with the other one I was actually
okay so if you're gonna get a good head
by Doc Johnson and you can't stand the
taste or lack thereof of sucking a cock
eyes so far highly recommend juicy
passionfruit as opposed to anything else
like fucking wild cherry why did they
just add the word wild on there to like
circumvent all of the fucking lawsuits
they should be getting for how
disgusting like you've ruined my life I
am NOT triggered by the idea of cherry
flavoring because of this like oh my god
PTSD from that fucking flavor oh yeah
alright I'm afraid of this one it smells
good it smells like cinnamon sensual
cinnamon and it's pink why would it be
pink it's cinnamon it should be like
brown or something maybe they thought
than brown coloring would look a bit too
much like shit and there aren't that
many people in their demographic that
would be into that kind of thing because
if you're squeamish enough to need this
for a giving head you're probably not
gonna be into scheisse porn or any kind
of shitting on Ches Cleveland steamer
shit ah let's just taste this before I
fuckin chicken out
that was just like cherry with a hint
like a hint a fucking cinnamon on top
like oh and then the aftertaste comes ah
um yeah yeah can we take a moment to
just admire the good head logo I really
love that logo look at that if I could
make my official logo into a penis you
would know I have succeeded in life that
is all I want to do in life now make a
company where it would be appropriate to
have a penis as a logo moving on three
down and two to go we have sweet
strawberry and mystical mints
mint is my favorite flavor of anything
always I really love mint oh my god why
do you hear that it's not even like
airtight that's the way they said
whoo-hoo but no like is this safe like
this one's clearly airtight someone's
probably spiked to this and I'm gonna
die so we'll just save that for last so
at least I can finish the video but that
can't be safe right like that that can't
be good this is like food products you
know when you get the Snapple and the
Snapple has a little bit on top and it
says if you can do the boop boop boop
without opening the bottle then it's
already opened and it's probably
contaminated that's how I'm feeling
about this right now but we're just
gonna go through with it
because fuck it man my whole life is
just a because fuck it situation I swear
okay this is like already overflowing
with like the strawberry jizz I'm
assuming that the strawberries and maybe
similar to the cherry and that just has
a really nasty aftertaste that I'm not
gonna like but let's just go ahead and
dive right into it
it like stings my throat but I'm not
getting that weird chemical aftertaste
so I don't know how I feel about this
one it's a very like vaguely tasting
strawberry strawberry I don't know what
a non sweet strawberry is so I feel like
this is just over explaining what the
flavor is I could just have said
strawberry like not all of them I guess
they do all have okay they just want to
have some kind of descriptive adjective
before that I feel like they could have
used more sexually Freudian terms maybe
like wild cherry is fine but why not
like sausage rub at who why not like
that you know
mystical men's what are we fucking
sucking off a wizard why not men man
manscaping Mints at least that has
something to do with the penile region
you know I'm saying I feel already I
haven't edited this yet and usually
before I edit videos I think the videos
are trash not just this videos not like
objectively not helpful to the world but
I feel like this is gonna be a really
fun video so I'm excited to post it to
you guys and hopefully make you guys
laugh with this silliness and maybe I'll
inform you guys on what to buy what
flavors of Doc Johnson good head to buy
things coming undone but whatever ain't
nobody got time for this shit
smells very minty reminds me of the
dentist or of like the teeth whitening
shit that I use which you are not
supposed to eat and I never have by the
way oh I love mint and this is just
weird
it literally tastes like a not very
strong version of my toothpaste and I
feel like it's a mental block thing but
I feel like I'm not supposed to be
swallowing this like it's not it's not
like that yummy
you know like mint chocolate cocoa that
you get or anything like that or like
mint chocolate truffles it's not like
that it's like toothpaste like that's
the feel I'm getting from this one
anyway that's what it looks like how
many calories do these things have for
cosmetic use only what the fuck does
that mean
cosmetic how do I give head with this
and not swallow it what does cosmetic
directions apply a small amount of
product wherever you desire for a smooth
silk
experience reapply as desired cleans up
easily with warm water was I not
supposed to eat these why do they have
the flavor that they're supposed to have
if I'm not supposed to eat these was I
sent the wrong thing is this for like
men to jerk off and have a good
non-volley smell while they're jerking
it oh I love it when I'm jerking it and
it smells like a men's oh it's like a
rubber therapy to my dick the fuck
where's the books oral delight gel what
the secret to pure pleasure specifically
formulated to give you that extra boost
for blowjobs of historical proportions
historical blowjobs oh my god
yeah it's weird it's like not directly
telling you to eat it
warning if irritation or discomfort
occurs discontinue use immediately in
consult a physician keep out of reach of
children
okay spills are very slippery clean
immediately to prevent spills or leaks
store the product upright at normal room
temperature
why not just say at room temperature I'm
sure you're completely held harmless
from anything that might happen if
someone has the opinion that room
temperature for them is like 90 degrees
and it's somehow a subjective thing room
temperature is like 68 to 70 degrees
that's just what it is it's a socialize
with the doc doc Johnson doc palm slash
social - media my final review is that
the cinnamon doesn't really taste like
cinnamon and just tastes like cherry
with barely cinnamon on top the
strawberries not that bad although it's
just like a hint of strawberry the juicy
passion fruit is my favorite although I
don't need any of these to give head
doesn't help the guys pleasure doesn't
help mine I like the taste of skin dick
dick skin flutes
why I feel like you need to get over the
mental block in your head about sucking
dick and stop torturing yourself by
using things like this to get through
the act that you don't enjoy I don't
know what kind of asshole boyfriend you
have but if I was a guy and a girl was
sucking my dick and didn't enjoy it I
wouldn't enjoy it either if you don't
like sucking dick just don't do it while
cherry was the most disgusting pitiful
piece of shit excuse for a cherry flavor
in my entire life it was worse than
anything I get at the dentist or like
robitussin like the children's cough
syrup medicine just awful and minty was
okay but it wasn't that minty and kind
of just tasted like I was ingesting
toothpaste LIKE the video and subscribe
if you enjoyed if I made you smile
please post in the comments that I did
because that would make me happy too
because unlike the people who want their
girlfriends to try these because they're
so in
- none forcing someone to suck a dick I
actually want you to choose to watch my
videos and enjoy them I would never have
someone make a good Tara experience
video whereas you're watching my video
you're tasting something good hello you
guys and I'll see you next time I hope
you enjoyed and let me know in the
comments if you actually enjoy this
stuff and it makes like sucking dick
better for any of you girls or guys who
suck dick bye
