hey guys welcome to a new video on
philosophy okay so I did the video last
time about life and death and the
meaning of life and all that shit and
also I hope you guys had a happy
Halloween it's Halloween for me today I
planned on uploading something else
today it was actually going to be a list
of all the content creators that I
personally support with my own money but
that will be up next week probably
wednesday or thursday or maybe even
sunday because i think this is more
important today we're going to talk
about epistemic responsibilities which
is okay so i've been watching crest
court crash course philosophy for some
reason I just can't say that very well
and I'm in fucking love with it it's
fucking amazing I'm actually supposed to
be on stream right now but I just wanted
to make this video real quick so um
epistemic responsibility i'm sorry i
took really raining out there i would
try to keep focused I needed the natural
light and now I regret it um ok so what
that is is it's basically saying that
you shouldn't morally or you shouldn't
be allowed to believe something without
actual factual fact backing it up there
should be no beliefs only knowledge
right and if you can't back up your
belief with something factual then you
shouldn't be allowed to have it now a
lot of people say that you know you
should have freedom in your belief she
should be able to do whatever you want
you should be able to think whatever you
want but um these philosophers believe
that because beliefs can spread so
quickly you would be spreading something
that's non-factual in a very epidemic
way like you know saying the god is real
for example we can say it he is or he
isn't whatever I believe that he's not
so let's say I go out and spread that he
is because you know in an alternate
reality I could be a Christian or
something so if i go and spread that
with no knowledge and everyone else
starts spreading that then we have a
world full of people who don't
understand or believe anything factual
right and we see this a lot on youtube
and we see this a lot on ugh can I lay
down if I lay down look awful because so
much more comfortable I guess this is
actually more more halloween halloween
ii anyway so whatever um so if we're
spreading these false beliefs and
there's nothing based on fact then it
sucks right so a lot of philosophers
believe that we shouldn't be doing that
right but I believe that you should be
able to believe whatever you want
because I believe
doing whatever the fuck you want as long
as it makes you happy and isn't hurting
anyone else but these philosophers my
crown fell off but these philosophers
believe that it is hurting other people
to have them believe false or unprovable
beliefs right so what I think is so
great about the fact that people can
believe whatever they want is that I
have a basis to believe the things that
I believe like if I have a really bad
argument if I say really bad argument on
the internet like if I listen to
something that Philip DeFranco says I
disagree with him a lot I did I agree
with him walk but I also disagree with
him a lot so let's say he has an opinion
on something that I fully disagree with
the fact that I got to hear that opinion
and see that other people hold that
opinion and why and the fact that I get
to hear these arguments that are based
on these people's morals or ideas the
fact that I get to compare them to my
own just strengthens my own beliefs that
much more because I can compare them to
things that I think are bad now the only
way in philosophy to disprove something
is to try to prove the thing that you
want to disprove I'm sure I'm saying
this wrong and I'm going to link all of
the videos from crash crash course
philosophy because I think they're
fucking amazing I love the guy to he's
great uh but I'm gonna try to explain it
in innate on my terms and give you guys
my arguments and stuff I don't know I'm
feeling out of it maybe I'll just redo
this video i'm not sure but i thought
this would go a lot better than it is
and I'm all over the place and thinking
about the string and I'm thinking about
the storm and I don't know you guys
really like these kinds of logs though
so I don't I don't know if I should
continue it or not whatever so anyway um
I really like the fact that people can
believe whatever the fuck they want
because I believe in being able to do
whatever you want and I also believe in
counter arguments to my arguments and
being able to form stronger opinions and
stronger resolve from my own ideologies
because i'm comparing them to ones that
you know are bad or different you know
and sometimes I change my opinions and
make them better because I heard someone
else's opinions and it's not always that
I feel like I'm right sometimes I'll
change my opinions all together it'll be
something completely different and I am
really grateful for the fact that there
are other individuals in the world who
grew up differently or who have
different ideas of the world so
I can compare mine to theirs and
strengthen mine it's so facto right and
it's like so much better that way you
know what I'm saying like I like open
discussions because they they either
teach we have another way that's better
than mine or they strengthen my way so
um what I was trying to say with the
Philosopher's so if a philosopher has an
idea like God doesn't exist the way he
can disprove or the way you can prove
the God doesn't exist is by trying to
prove that he does and if you're just
trying to like beg the question if
you're just trying to say that like oh
well you know I really strongly believe
like I'm biased as fuck to the fact that
God exists and then you're just like
looking at all of the anecdotal evidence
that God exists you're not actually
proving or disproving yourself you're
basically just like stroking your own
ego you know you're not actually
exploring the world but if someone who
believes in God like looks through all
of the other religions texts and listens
to a bunch of the amazing atheist to try
to get an idea and then he still
believes in God then the strength and
God has just strengthened or the belief
in God has just strengthened and it's
like all the much better you know what
I'm saying I sound like a fucking idiot
right now but usually I sound alright
you know you guys just like try to put
the the Terra the me right now the
Halloween me next to the normal me that
isn't like a jumbled fucking mess and
listen to what I'm saying I just geeked
out about this stuff so much i have not
like read as much about philosophy as i
have about psychology and sometimes they
go hand in hand but it's like it's
pretty different like psychology is more
like factual these days and and
philosophy is more just like thought
experiments and I love thought
experiments I love all the thought
experiments in crash crash course
philosophy I literally will not get that
right the first time any time ever
actually to focus on it focus on the
word crash and then course because
otherwise it's just to like she sells
seashells by the seashore and I can do
that the first time what the fuck anyway
um I wanted to share with you guys a
really really good video on epistemic
responsibility and also one on the
existentialism and the stuff that I
talked about last time it's so funny
because the weather or not life has
meaning video I made that before i watch
that video like a day before I watched
it I was like oh my god it's so
interesting to me when I haven't read
much about philosophy right I've
read things but from Nietzsche and some
other philosophers like Schopenhauer and
I haven't really read their works i've
just read about them and like articles
and things and it's been very
interesting to me but I've always
straight to psychology like I said but
it's so interesting when I make my own
opinions and I make my own ideology is
based on my own thought experiments and
then I watched something and I've never
watched it before and they have the
exact same ideas or they've refuted the
exact same ideas it's so interesting to
me because I feel like I'm my own
interlocutor which means someone who
argues with someone ana philosophical
way rather than just no arguing and I'm
thinking about different perspectives
and it's just funny that someone said my
mind I'd like I'm closed minded because
i feel like i'm open to so many things
i'm just so certain about the things
that i think because I've compared what
I think to the rest of the world and I
know what works for me i'm not you know
trying to insinuate that what works for
me is going to work for everyone or that
I'm better than you in any way and a lot
of people take it to be that for
whatever reason I don't know why but um
what else was I gonna say someone said
okay someone had said that if there's no
meaning to life or if you don't work for
your legacy they were applying to what I
said about having a legacy being stupid
or caring about what happens after
you're dead being stupid they said well
then the all the art that you like
before you were born never would have
existed or all the art that you saw from
other people those are there those
people's legacies and I know I'm like
paraphrasing like crazy but I'm trying
to explain his thought process and my
response to that is like I don't feel
like you should do that just for the
legacy like these people like Pink Floyd
they did it because they loved the music
because they love the lifestyle that
came with being a rock star and I think
that is a successful life based on my
criteria but this is just my criteria
you know I don't feel like people who
don't love the art and are just in it
for the money I don't feel like they
should do it I feel like someone
everyone should always like okay if
you're stuck in a dead-end job if you're
stuck in a nine-to-five job right let me
get my crown if you're stuck in a
nine-to-five job and you hate it it's
it's a means to you making enough money
for your family which is something that
you love or it's a means for making
enough money so you can start your own
business which is something that you
love and that makes sense to me like
working in a dead-end job or working in
something that you don't like to make
money to do something that you do like
is great but just working so that you
can say you've worked your entire life
and like done your duty like that
doesn't make any
to me working just so you can have an
ego about your legacy that doesn't make
any sense to me but like I said working
so that you can feed your family
definitely is it's something that should
be it's something great you know
something wonderful but to me the best
and most successful I can be in my life
is if I'm continuing to do exactly what
I want every single day doing what I
love thinking about the things that
interest me and that's all that matters
to me there's no other meaning to life
in my opinion so if I'm enjoying like
Picasso's work or something and Picasso
was just in it for the bitches let's say
he was I would still be grateful that he
did that but I wouldn't agree with his
life choices if that makes any sense so
working just for legacy is probably
gonna produce shittier content any way
shittier art should hear whatever the
fuck and I just feel like it's better to
do what you love because doing what you
love is trust me it's amazing and if
what you love is making a legacy what
the fuck ever but I see so many people
being miserable just because I can't get
over their own egos or because they
can't understand their own mortality you
know what I'm saying so that's what I
was talking about um what I was talking
about about youtubers also it seems like
on YouTube there is no epistemic
responsibility like someone like
keemstar or someone like a book and
Philip DeFranco can say whatever they
want or whatever they think and they can
tell people that some guy is that it was
a rapist and then ruin his stream like
him started without any actual factual
evidence and that part sucks but I feel
like the people who agree and believe
keemstar just on his word and go attack
those people that's the separation
between an intelligent person and not an
intelligent person the not intelligent
person being the person who just like
bandwagons because their favorite
youtuber says something and I am very
much against I'm very much against my
fans just like going and attacking
people that I don't like but I'm also
very much against telling my fans what
to do I believe and when I say fans I
mean be yours you know
I'm not trying to be yeah you know I
don't really like the fruit the fucking
term fans when it comes to people on
YouTube who are just supporting you I
feel like it separates you in a
different dichotomy a different social
structure and I don't like that because
I feel like you guys are my friends and
I hate that I said the word so now I
have to go on a tangent to tell you guys
that but um yeah I believe that it's a
very good indicator of someone who has
their own sense of self and their own
intelligence and can think for
themselves when they don't just go like
Oh Philip DeFranco is my favorite
youtuber he thinks that so-and-so is bad
will so do I like you should never be
like that you should never take
someone's word for it even if it's a
publication that you think has some kind
of clout you know you should actually do
your own research you should actually
think for yourself and that's very
important to me and if we enforce
epistemic responsibility there would be
no distinction it would just be a bunch
of people not having opinions because
they're too lazy to actually to actually
like research anything um and it's nice
to have that distinction but at the same
time I'm a bit torn what do you guys
think about epistemic responsibilities
do you think people shouldn't spout off
about Christianity unless they have
factual proof do you think people
shouldn't spout off about things I feel
to be a good person in my opinion based
on my moral standards you should have to
say this is my opinion this is in fact
but it's not really again like it's also
not your responsibility to tell people
how like that they shouldn't believe you
don't saying so people should just be
able to think for themselves I should be
able to say things as if they're fact
and you should be able to know that it's
not fact because it's clearly just my
opinion unless I present the perfect
proof for you that actually makes it
makes it affect you don't have time I'm
gonna go I have to go stream I love you
guys I'm a fucking queen bitch or
whatever the fuck for Halloween I'm
gonna go play some scary games if you
want to watch those youtube.com slash
tara babcock games the the fucking
highlights and shit will be on there i
love you guys so much thank you for
watching let me know what you think in
the comments I'm sorry I was all over
the place this is what you get with
black vlogs man if I wanted to make this
a really thought out fucking argument
with bullet points and shit I would have
done it in the big setup wouldn't I have
but this is a Vlad blog I'll see you
guys next time
let's take that selfie creepy bye guys
