hey guys I decided to do a floor Vlad
vlog today I am okay so what I did was I
knocked over this is gonna be the short
story hopefully because I can never
explain it succinctly enough but I
accidentally pulled over despite being
extremely careful with it I pulled over
my fucking main camera and I bent the
thing for my external mic in the place
where you plug in the external mic and
now the plug-in area is just completely
defunct there's no more of it it's just
broken so I have to send it in I have to
send my 3.5 thousand dollar camera into
Canon and hopefully they don't fuck it
up more or charge me an arm and a leg so
some of my videos for the next two or
three weeks are gonna be really like
low-quality or they're gonna be Vlad
vlogs or they're going to be vlogs from
my older but still DSLR camera or I
don't know what the fuck I'm gonna do
really I'm using the really high quality
camera the mark 3 the 5d Mark 3 for my
webcam for streaming which has been
exceptional exceptional quality I
fucking love it it makes me want to like
work really hard so I can afford another
one so I can have one out here and one
for the streaming setup so that my
streaming setup is just amazing I've
been geeking out a lot over streaming
lately and I want to like try to do it
as much as fucking possible despite also
being a full time youtuber for two
channels and have the patreon stuff
going on but anyway no more of that it's
been one minute and 20 seconds and I'm
gonna talk about my topic for the day
the topic for today is the meaning of
life whoo this is gonna be a fun one
I've been thinking about this for a
while and I've wanted to do this video
for a while so I'm finally gonna do it
now okay so I'm gonna use a bunch of
label terms like I'm gonna use nihilist
and hedonist and things like that and
personally I don't think any label
actually defines me properly I feel like
I'm a very unique individual I feel like
everyone is a very unique individual and
I feel like people who really want to go
with a certain label either don't really
understand how they have to kind of
encompass the entire aspect of the label
which they absolutely can't no one can
be a cookie cutter of one label and
that's why you get a lot of people
talking shit about feminists and then
some misko well not all feminists are
like this okay well why don't you just
say that you have these specific beliefs
instead of actually saying that you
a hundred percent agree with a whole
label or a whole community of people
it's just it's kind of nonsense to me to
care so much to have a label for
yourself when you can just you know be
yourself and if someone asks you are you
a feminist you can say no but I do
believe in this aspect of it but I
definitely don't believe in that aspect
of it and that's why you know I don't
understand
being a Christian when you don't follow
the Bible you know front to back I don't
understand
radical Islam versus you know non
radical Islam when you know most of the
things in you know their teachings are
just like bad things that a lot of
people like oh I don't believe in that
aspect of it that aspect is antiquated I
don't understand
labels basically but for the sake of
trying to explain as succinctly as
possible my points I'm going to talk
about things like nihilist now a
nihilist is someone who rejects all
beliefs and has no allegiance to
anything because they believe that life
is inherently pointless like there is no
point to life and it's usually
synonymous with really negative thought
but for me I'm trying I'm struggling
right now to know what I would label
myself as if I was going to because I
have some nihilistic beliefs but I'm
also living my life as a hedonist now I
believe that there is no meaning of life
it is not 42 it is not to leave a legacy
I've never understood people who care a
lot to leave a legacy like to me that's
so weird like you're gonna be dead like
not living anymore you're not gonna be
able to look back on it and be like ah
and like had that swell of pride from
you know helping you know save the world
or you know having a bunch of kids that
are you know kings after you like that
kind of thing it's like leaving a legacy
is really illogical irrational and kind
of just like someone's response to an
existential crisis I think a lot of
people have these existential crises
where they're like what is the meaning
of my life like I need to find meaning
in my life or it's just pointless and I
don't really have that I feel like the
meaning of life is whatever you make it
and for me it's to live he mystically
which means that I do everything that I
want to do and I live my life just
trying to output as much pleasure for
myself and the people that I love as
possible now I feel like a lot of the
connotations of being a hedonist are
you will hurt people in order to gain
for yourself but for me I'd rather just
live in my own little bubble and do
things that give me pleasure like sex
drugs rock and roll fucking video games
hanging out with Jay and just the things
that I love in life you know personally
animals all that stuff without hurting
or interfering with anyone else's
happiness so they have the chance to you
know follow their own life reasonings
you know but um I don't really
understand like I feel like a lot of
people are religious because they're
they can't come to terms with their own
mortality they're like I have to leave a
legacy there has to be something after
this and it's like so illogical to me to
be even afraid of death like I'm afraid
to an extent because I also have a
fetish for you know torture and stuff
like that but I'm I'm afraid of my final
moments being extremely painful and just
like really impossible to bear but I
also have faith that I could not not
like faith faith but you know like I
think that I can get through it
I think that you know your body at a
certain point of pain just kind of you
know makes you pass out you don't have
to feel everything so if I'm like being
disembodied like starting at my pinky
going up my arm taking off both of my
arms you know just like gutting me and
like the worst possible feelings or like
drowning that seems fucking awful I
don't know I'm also afraid of heights so
let's say I jump off a building or I
fall off a building or something like
all of these things that could happen
that would be scary right before my
death they're not really gonna matter
because you know my body will handle it
I have a high pain threshold and then
after it'll just be over so I'm more
afraid of the things that don't kill me
then I am of dying and it's so weird
that people act like you know like when
you think about it think about try to
think about it with your emotions and
and think about like oh I was gonna go
have an amazing birthday and then I died
in a car crash and I never got to say
goodbye to Jay or all the people that I
loved right like that sounds
heartbreaking but when you think about
it logically you're just gone there's
you're no more you're not gonna care it
doesn't matter doesn't matter what
coffin you're buried in it doesn't
matter how you are cremated or not or if
you have an open casket it even doesn't
matter like what happens to your family
to you because you're dead so it's like
a nice thing to do because you are like
honoring the people that you love
in your lifetime to like you know set up
a fund so all your money goes to them
after you die like I'm gonna have a will
to give everything to Jay and all that
stuff and if I have the chance to do a
video before I die I would definitely
love to do that that would be wonderful
but it's not actually logically and
rationally important and I think a lot
of people can't get past the emotions of
things like they can't think about like
what if I died right before I retired
like you're not gonna care you're not
gonna care you're not gonna care about
your legacy so - it seems so like sad
even for someone to pursue this legacy
or for someone to make a difference in
the world their entire lives and not
actually enjoy the moments in their
lives while doing it instead I like to
enjoy every single moment I want to look
back on my life and go I spent as much
as my life as I possibly can just doing
the things that I love and enjoy YouTube
videos playing video games having sex
you know hanging out with the people
that I actually care about and I don't
want to look back and see that I just
wasted in my life you know trying to
find a meaning that's not actually there
so I believe that the best way to live
life and this is obviously my own
opinion if you actually you know just
there you know you can derive pleasure
as as a heinous it's a pretty open-ended
thing you know if you actually for some
reason whether because it's like a
disability I don't want to be rude but
like if it's just for some reason you
just your your serotonin and your
endorphins just like because you're
trying to make you know a legacy for
yourself and that's what makes you happy
and you can actually look back at the
moments and the instances and say those
were good moments in my life then fine
so be it do it but if you're looking
back and you're like I'm working my ass
off I'm slaving away and I am NOT happy
but you know like the end justifies
justifies the means it's like no think
about it it doesn't it really doesn't so
unless you're doing something so that
you know the loved ones of yours can
even survive after your death like if
they're all codependence to you or
whatever the fuck do things for yourself
it find out what your meaning of life is
there's no inherent meaning of life our
meaning of life before we like transcend
it into this
like more intelligent being that has
empathy and you know can make rational
decisions like our meaning of life back
then was just to you know fuel the earth
in my opinion you know to like live by
our instincts and die when we're
supposed to die or whenever you know we
get eaten by our predators and that's
just like the circle of life kind of
like you know the the Simba and Nala and
Lion King thing right it's just a circle
of life it's a natural thing no one's
sad about it because no one has the
mental capacity to be so and no one can
really be a hedonist or no one can
really live selfishly in the fact that
we're allowed to do that I think we
should do that a little bit more but you
know if your morals say that you
shouldn't hurt others like mine does my
morals say don't fuck with other people
other people are not involved in my life
unless I want them to be in a positive
way and that's perfectly fine with me
and I just wanted you know maximize my
pleasure and if I can give pleasure to
others while I'm giving pleasure to
myself then yes more pleasure for
everyone it's a very positive outlook I
feel at least so when I feel like yeah
there is no meaning to life at all
nothing matters except for what you want
I feel kind of like a nihilist but I
don't see that synonymous with
negativity I don't see it like nothing
matters so who cares you know fuck your
goat I posted that on Instagram I might
like put it here to show you what I mean
to give you context I guess it's like a
Witcher 3 quest but it's like a nihilist
video game and it's like will you help
me find my goat it's like your goat
doesn't matter nothing matters fuck your
goat and those are the three options the
the dialogue options and stuff like I
feel that way yeah like nothing actually
matters and it's not you know people
take things so fucking seriously and you
know they follow like religion to make
themselves feel better about the fact
that they're dying and I feel like that
is a majority of why people are actually
religious because they can't come to
terms with the fact that one day they
will die they'll cease to exist
they won't matter anymore they'll turn
to mulch and then there's nothing after
that
and the fact that that's even a
possibility in my opinion it's the
highest probability I'm like almost
certain because you know there's no egg
at all there's no evidence to support
anything else and then you know you just
come to terms with that and you live
your waking life the best you possibly
can and that
my opinion on the meaning of life and
what I take from it and what I do with
my life just maximize pleasure output
like a hedonist because nothing else
matters like a nihilist enjoy my life
have fun and if I can make people smile
and make people happy with doing the
things that I love then that just makes
it all the better because you know there
are no selfish good deeds like so many
people get an ego over their good deeds
or their charity or whatever like I give
to it to animal based charities because
I love animals and there are like
certain like local shelters that I want
to see survive and if I had the time I
would go in person and just what to call
I would can't even think of the word
fucking volunteer I would volunteer but
just because I like being around animals
not because I feel like I'm doing
something for the greater good I'm a
vegetarian just because I don't like the
taste of meat and because I personally
care about anal animals not because I
think that my one change is gonna make
such a huge difference you know like I
do have a platform to speak on what I
believe so I can make a small difference
but it's not you know that's not what
life is about life isn't about how big
your ego can get for how holy you think
you are and how you know better you
think you are than other people in terms
of the you know charity do you think you
have given to the world like there is no
unselfish good deed I would like you to
try to find one it's funny because I
talked about how I would die for J how I
would like jump in front of a bullet for
him and it's like it seems like such a
unselfish good deed it seems so selfless
right but I would do it because I don't
want to live without him because I feel
like life would feel empty if I didn't
have my player to you know and that's
why I would do it you know not because
I'm just like oh they'll remember me ah
you know it's because it's a selfish
thing and everything you do even if you
think it sounds like completely selfless
like opening a door in the rain when you
get rained on or I don't know I'm just
making like up up a bunch of shit like
being someone's personal umbrella like
being like shape of umbrella and then
getting yourself wet to make someone
else not wet
sounds like a selfless good deed isn't
it no it's not you just feel better
after you do it and that's why you do it
if you actually
felt worse if you thought that doing
good things for other people was the bad
thing to do and you're like unless
you're a masochist and derive a
hedonistic pleasure from you know being
a masochist it's just unselfish good
deed no it's selfish so yeah I just like
fucking word vomited at the end there I
hate it when I feel like I'm doing well
and then I fatigue or like I think my
caffeine kicked in and I was like sorry
if I just evoke to nausea nausea and you
guys my other camera that I'm staring up
at right now is like super fucking dirty
yeah I hope you guys took something away
from this let me know what you think let
me know what you think about everything
that I've said anything that you know
sparks some thought bubble in your brain
just like post it in my comments section
I would love to hear it and I hope you
enjoy the content that I make while my
big nice expensive camera is in the shop
I love you guys so much thank you for
watching and I will see you next time
let me take a fucking selfie the meaning
of life mmm
so cute all right I'm gonna go stream
I'm like addicted to fucking sky view
Valley where a start stardew valley oh
my god I'm so addicted to it I played it
like five hours yesterday and I'm like
I'm gonna play Dark Souls 3 finally
today I'm gonna fucking beat this part
that I'm really fucking annoyed out with
the two Giants inside the the fucking
Cathedral of the deep or whatever I have
two options there and keep which I
fucking hate and Cathedral of the deep
which I fucking hate and ah that's why
other than the fact that like the views
on the YouTube videos we're like going
down and it was taking me like 3 or 4
hours to edit them like I stopped
playing it because I was so frustrated
at the Cathedral of the deep in their
inner inner Cathedral downstairs with
the two giants like oh oh I killed one
of the Giants cheatin and I have to kill
one of the other Giants so I don't know
I was gonna play Dark Souls 3 but now
I'm playing stardew valley like a
fucking psychopath I hate it when I get
into like minecraft terraria you know
type games that have barely any story
and it's just kind of like farmville but
I'm like this is so cute it's so fun
it's like not me but it's very easy and
it's a slippery slope into insanity with
games like that I don't know I love you
guys
to you later I went off on a tangent
there but I don't know you guys seem to
like my tangents so I hope you enjoyed
this vlog vlog bye
