hey guys so quick note about this video
you are about to watch I am so fucking
frustrated it's the most frustrating
thing ever
yesterday's video the sex ed video and
today's video have really awful audio
quality if you're watching on your phone
without headphones I have no idea what
happened but I completely threw out the
audio cable I was using because clearly
it's not the right one it's like
recording in mono or something but a
hundred percent the issue is fixed if
you wear headphones and if you watch on
most computer speakers so you just can't
watch from your phone yesterday like
everything was blowing up like oh my god
awful audio quality we can't even watch
this and then I watched it on my
computer again and I'm like there's no
issue and every time I watch videos i
watch with a head with headphones in and
I edit with headphones and so there's no
possible way I could have fucking known
that this was the issue and I would 100%
refund or - it but it's a fucking fnm
like all of the reactions would be gone
all of the I would have to like try to
Reeboks things they're just kind of like
show off what I got and really I just
want you guys to see my genuine
reactions and stuff if it was completely
screwed I would redo it or I would just
show off what I got or something or I
would upload an extra video but like if
you watch headphones it's literally like
the quality you would expect from my
channel like good quality I'm sorry I'm
really pissed off about it and it's
really frustrating when my production
quality is shit and already have to use
my worst quality camera so I'm a little
pissed off about this but thank you for
understanding alright let's watch the
video it's a pretty good one and which
also makes it worse because I was really
proud of this video and yesterday's
video was very informative and helpful
so like for Black Lips
you
I don't know what its gonna be
I'll deal with you know having someone
new like fucking somewhere else as well
okay making this videos everybody co-op
makes me I just think about him I'm
totally gonna fuck it off and the word
wrong and I oversee all of you guys that
you want me to push my
$25.00 again oh here's some cold hard
cash from one of your YouTube studs
puppets as men we meet and there's
literally a picture of a penis banana
here a penis banana I love it I would
eat so much more potassium Katinas
bananas existed especially like it when
you read comments word for word
so what's team like frustrated eighteen
Isaac for English and small dick
composite how gun Blanc no brain makes
more money than me
you only got big pick big lips and make
cock very hard slut no no when you make
some boys Hawke's Bay the card and tummy
it's no there
Navan it's dank we the time alone e'en
so you can charge him with you know
sending things
does this look like something I would
have in my fucking closet no fools I
don't want that garbage fit put it back
in your garbage slave I remember these
are now
and here's another urgent message from
my butt
let me know beforehand if you can't put
the fucking thing in there whatever the
fuck and then I do this and I don't even
write it down I don't remember and now I
just feel like shit so I'm sorry but I
love this gift I love the emoji kitty so
soft and so cute and he makes me want to
have cookies but then reminds me not
because he looks back it's a little
where is my knight in shining armor to
like come out and for you
where credit is not due
I cannot risk only news they're so cute
anyway I'm gonna do a video all about
these later so not gonna take too much
time showing them off but just like what
the fuck like oh my god they're so good
please please let me know that you also
hate Ivan Sandberg oh my god
this morning is a popular survivor holy
crap oh my god zombie hands on it
but
oh my god how open do I
it's
thank you holy shit seriously amazing
it's like cut is it custom like how did
you get a piece one time I have peanuts
all over my lap but I am very impressed
yes fucking yes that sounds like an
amazing wait I'm gonna die and fuck
myself in the ass necrophilia styles so
self-harm necrophilia anal but slug sex
oh my god fucking piccolo socks
that's right now are going to be oh my
god
I love you forever and ever
