but my vagina is pretty much a
meritocracy so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want hey guys today I have a video for
you that's gonna be a little bit more
long-winded more like a stream of
consciousness video and less like an
edited perfectly formed or perfectly
researched video I'm gonna do a little
bit of introspection as I've had
something on my mind the past two days
and while I might ask some rhetorical
questions I don't necessarily need
answers to these questions I feel as
though self-actualization and knowing
oneself is one of the most important
things you can do in your entire life
and I think I'm still learning about
myself even though I am so confident in
knowing about myself and being myself
every single day and how easy it is for
me to be so because I feel so
comfortable in my own skin it's still
not a 100% completed process at least
and I wouldn't say that there is ever a
point where you can't improve upon where
you are in life in any circumstance in
any way today we're going to talk about
well to make this a little bit more
interesting let's phrase it this way I
think you guys have kind of noticed by
now that my vagina isn't entirely well
not a completely unbiased eye I
definitely have some obvious obvious
biases there but my vagina is pretty
much a meritocracy I think you guys have
noticed that because I will often become
attracted to not people who are my
specific personal physical type but also
to people who I find to be admirable in
some way or who have some skill that I
personally covet or someone who I want
to be more like basically obviously I
have my standard type and I do put merit
in being physically attractive
especially in my ideal male physical
attractiveness because that requires not
only you to completely embrace your
virility and manliness in an age where
people are telling you that every kind
of masculinity is toxic masculinity and
there isn't really a biological
difference between men and women and
that you should just kind of assimilate
with Ritalin in any way possible into
kind of being more like a woman as a man
but
aside from that it does take a lot of
discipline a lot of self-knowledge and
just a lot of perseverance to get the
muscle mass and everything that I
require if I'm gonna go solely off of
your physical appearance but you guys
have noticed I will fall for people like
ben shapiro who are obviously not my
physical ideal and i would argue a
societal physical ideal of
attractiveness i combined everything in
my life with sexuality not everything
but almost everything everything in my
life I can romanticize into something
that makes it a little bit sexual
whether it's working out I'll fantasize
about being kind of like baby doll from
Sucker Punch I've told you guys this
before but it gets me through a workout
to be able to fantasize about being a
strong dominating woman just desecrating
all of the people who stand in my way
who stand till it hold me down or
whatever and I find there to be a sexual
release in that as well and being
someone who's powerful or being a badass
at such a small stature basically stuff
like that
I can romanticize and sexualize anything
while still keeping my feet on the
ground and firmly planted in the
objective obviously I can do both and
I'm not completely neurotic you know I
find it sexy and I'm not just trying a
virtue signal like a lot of girls I'm
definitely not one of those girls that
say like all that matters is personality
in a sexual partner in fact I think that
physical attractiveness at least a very
base level of physical attractiveness
goes into whether or not I will have sex
with you obviously I don't think ben
shapiro is disgusting there are certain
turn offs and certain deal-breakers and
we'll get back to that a little bit
later i'll mention a few of the
deal-breakers and i'll just mention it
you'll see in terms of people like ben
shapiro that i have a strong sexual
attraction to but they're not physically
my type it's because i admire something
about them and i see all of these people
especially with how easy it is to access
all of these people on youtube and stuff
who have their own niche in the world
and they're very very very good at what
they do and i'll look at this and even
if i don't see them in a sexual light
and even if i don't
hire them in a way that makes me
sexually attracted to them I I see so
many people who have they put all of
their effort into one specific thing and
they're good at this one specific thing
to the heights of which I could never
imagine like I could never be at least
in my opinion as good as they are at
what they're doing without dedicating my
entire life to it which obviously they
most of them have done this unless
they're like some kind of savant or
something and they're just really good
at a random thing but um I find myself
admiring that kind of person and I'm the
kind of person that doesn't really like
to be around my exact carbon copy right
I like the people I'm around to bring a
new perspective to me so that I can have
intelligent conversations with them and
it doesn't just feel like I'm parroting
my thoughts back at them or they're
gonna yes-man me into like some
sycophantic dream of like oh I know
everything and this guy thinks I'm the
fucking world I would rather have a
conversation with someone or spend my
time with someone where in certain
circumstances where it wouldn't make it
impossible for us to spend time together
we are more opposite not maybe not polar
opposites obviously if I have a friend
or especially a significant other like
Jay or something someone that I actually
have in my life every single day that
person has to uphold certain ideals that
I find to be very important certain like
basics basic values and stuff but I
think we can differ in a lot of
different things and I find attractive
the most people who have the certain
characteristics that I want to see in
myself but that I know I'll never see
recently you guys told me to watch Adam
Neely's YouTube channel a lot of people
have been saying that but one of the
videos that I watched of his was like it
was like a really old video of his
admittedly and it was like really low
quality and I didn't really give it a
chance but then even I'm trying to
record a video come here you're gonna
just stare at me or what the fuck so
anyway I finally decided to give him
another chance because I wanted to see
something about bass guitar if you guys
don't know I'm trying to learn bass
guitar so that's basically what spurred
the interest in out of Neely's channel
but I saw that you guys know I love
philosophy
and we're just gonna ignore the fucking
cat okay we're gonna ignore you total
cunts he added in some philosophy from
my favorite philosopher or who I would
say was my favorite philosopher when I
first got into philosophy Friedrich
Nietzsche talking about Frederick
Nietzsche's to take on music oh my god
are you okay baby what happened I'll be
right back guys I don't know what's
wrong with my cat okay she's fine she's
just being a little fucking weird like
usual she's like I ran into my my
fucking camera and ruined everything
but anyway um Adam Neely's video on
Friedrich Nietzsche and music right so
he talks about I'll just link the video
down in the description but it really
struck a chord with me because it was no
pun intended I already made that joke on
my discord but now that I accidentally
made it I have to own up to it
it was amazing to see someone so
articulate and so good at constructing a
coherent thoughts and then tying it in
together at the end and then some of the
knowledge that he has about music far
extends like knowledge of the bass
guitar he just like things that I could
never imagine knowing in my entire life
and I spent eight years playing the
flute and now I've spent like three or
four months playing the bass people who
are just very good at one thing
do they have their thing and they found
their thing I admire that and I'm for a
long time I thought that I had to be
that person I tried for so long to be
into competitive Starcraft and I tried
so long to make my one thing to be
modeling an artistic expression in
photography and stuff like that but I
always found myself being interested in
other things and therefore pursuing
other things alongside my main thing
recently over the past few years I've
realized that I'm just the kind of
person that prefers to be a jack of all
trades and master of none now it's
supposed to be isn't it supposed to be a
jack of all trades master of one but
they've kind of fucked up that saying by
making it jack of all trades master of
none which is like a lot worse I don't
know I've struggled so long thinking
that possibly it was a lack of Drive or
a lack of discipline that my hedonistic
these were somehow getting in the way of
me becoming a great in some certain
something you know and it's so funny
because a lot of people will say I'm
talentless and I don't know what Talent
means to you but let's say that it's the
actual having some kind of skill in
something not necessarily something
you're born with I feel like talent is
more like raw talent like you just have
a natural predisposition to being able
to do something but my entire life I've
been really good at picking up on little
tidbits of knowledge like if I wanted to
learn a small thing in makeup or if I
wanted to learn a small thing in
Photoshop all I had to do is watch
someone do it and then I was able to do
it myself not to the best degree I
wasn't perfect at it I never completely
honed any kind of skill but I am so
mediocre at thousands of fucking things
like literally thousands of things I
think I can name so many things that
I've become mediocre at that people
don't even know anything about over the
years and I like that about myself I've
become someone who feels feels at home
in my skin never being a master of
anything just knowing a lot of different
things I don't strive for being just
good at one thing because every time
I've tried to do that I've done it for a
while and I've lost interest I strive to
just gain knowledge and when the
knowledge is useful to me when the
knowledge helps me do something and it's
like a means to an end of something that
I really want for myself or like an
image I'm creating for myself it makes
me so happy and that's where I find my
passion and my passion I feel starts to
wane when I start to realize that if I
continue to invest all of my time in
this one thing all of the other things
that I love so much are gonna be thrown
to the wayside the biggest instance of
this is me and Starcraft versus me and
variety gaming my entire life I grew up
very very spoiled I had literally every
game I could ever ask for my parents
were very amazing I had like all the
fucking systems my friends came over and
we played party games together and then
my like closer friends would come over
and we'd play co-op or just
single-player games and I would watch or
he would watch and it was because I had
fucking everything okay so I think I was
just kind of raised to be a game hopper
where I would play a game until I lost
interest in it and then I would move
over to a newer game or a game that just
like I randomly just get the inkling
like damn I'm feeling like some fucking
monster rancher today and then I'd
fucking boot up monster rancher we'd
play some shit we'd go to the shrines
we'd put in music CDs we'd make monsters
it was amazing and then I would get sick
of it and move over like you know I feel
like playing fucking Metal Gear Solid
today and I'd play that until I
absolutely couldn't hide in a box any
longer for me that's just where I feel
at home and I'm wondering if it's a
product of my environment and it's
actually like a toxic part of me that I
should try to overcome but at the same
time I'm happy with myself you know but
there are certain times when I watch a
bench of ben shapiro video and i see
what an amazing pundit he is and how
well he can deconstruct someone else's
argument because he knows it better and
just as well as he knows his own
argument that doesn't necessarily mean
that i want to be a political pundit
pundit per se but it does mean that i
want to be that good at my thing and i
get that inkling to be that good at my
thing and i really don't feel like it's
a lack of discipline on my end because I
feel like the amount of time that I've
spent on all of these other things like
many different things is the same amount
of time the Ben Shapiro has spent on has
one thing you know but I really do
admire especially people in the public
sphere who are able to concisely say
what they mean I'm very like right now
I'm doing okay but see there's a lot of
me getting off track there's a lot of me
not centralizing in on what I'm talking
about like I've obviously I've strewn
away now we're on a fucking nother we're
on another thing altogether
I forget vocabulary words that would be
if I'm if I'm thinking about this video
in my head I'm a fucking genius my
vocabulary is in full force and I'm able
to just like poop out the perfect video
but then once I start putting it to
actual words when the words
process through my brain and come out my
mouth they're just jumbled and awful and
I hold myself to a higher standard like
I'm sure you guys are thinking like oh
you know she's very pleasant too you
know
listen to her whatever but I hold myself
to a higher standard because I know what
I can be in my head
and through writing and it's just not
for it's not a good representation of
what I can be when it comes down to like
videos and I feel like it's not just
people who are really good at music or
really good at politics or really good
at whatever it's people who are that and
they're also great fucking public
speakers and stuff and I've always I
want to do that I don't even know where
to start like obviously like I said all
I have to do is watch a video or watch
someone else do something and watch
their process and I can fucking imitate
it and then make it my own but with this
it's like where the fuck do I even start
do I just sit there and do like the
singing practice where I'm like saying
tongue twisters or something like what
do I do to prepare to be better to be
more cognitively focused while I'm
talking about stuff back to the game
hopping thing my whole life I was a game
hopper I enjoy all different genres of
games I enjoy just like fucking around
with shit I enjoy a good story but I
also enjoy like certain multiplayer
aspects of online games I enjoy party
games with my friends and I enjoy indie
games that are just platformers that are
just mechanically hard so when I got
into StarCraft when I got into streaming
it was better and it is better when
you're creating content to find your
niche and then build a gigantic audience
of people who love that niche and love
you for that niche and it doesn't
necessarily mean that you're not a
multi-faceted person it's just the best
that your content isn't super diverse so
that you can actually gain a large
audience because obviously if on one
hand of doing gaming stuff I'm gonna
have a gaming audience but on the other
hand I'm going to polarize my gaming
audience when I start to talk about
philosophy or my ideals on gun control
or something which I'm Pro the Second
Amendment and there you go you can hear
the sounds of a lot of my gaming viewers
just like dropping off cuz they're like
this is not what I signed up for you
know so when I started doing Starcraft
when I started playing Starcraft
competitively I put in so many hours a
day I would make myself play 10 to 20
games a day minimum I tried really hard
to raise in the ranks but I realized
that I was slowly starting to hate this
game that I fucking had so much love for
and respect for because I missed the
other games that I used to play I miss
the different interactions that I could
have with my my stream chat when I'm
playing just like a silly game of choice
like The Walking Dead or something
not that that was out back then actually
I think the first one was out back then
but I wasn't playing it back then it's
the point I didn't get to play the JRPGs
and I didn't get to try out the indie
games and I was just stuck to this one
game that now that I've made it almost a
career like you kind of have to make
something almost a career in order to
become a master at it and I started to
resent it a little bit it's one of the
reasons why I can understand why people
who love basketball don't necessarily
want to be on a team or people who love
sex don't necessarily want to make it a
job and turn it into porn
aside from the other societal reasons
most people don't want to be porn stars
I just realized that I was happier not
just playing one game and so I tried to
bridge the gap by playing something
easier like League of Legends and then
also playing other games on the side and
not like devoting all of my time to
legal edges to the point where I would
get burnt out I didn't even I didn't
like that because in the middle I'm
playing a competitive game casually and
not just oh I know there are a lot of
people who play like normals and a rams
and League of Legends or alternatively
if you play magic I know a lot of people
play like fucking popper cubes and shit
that's not competitive but for me if I'm
gonna do a competitive thing I want to
be fucking competitive you know I want
to fucking actually play the game the
way it's meant to be played at the
highest levels but I can't do that
without investing all of my fucking time
into it you know I was like fuck it I'm
just gonna play whatever the fuck I want
and since then I've lost all of my
viewership but I'm happy and I think
that's much more important and I'm
wondering if it is better down the line
to force myself to become one of these
fucking what I consider to be a robot
the focus is on one fucking thing
becomes a god at that one thing but I
would lose all these other things like
let me run you through a few things that
I've become decently good at but not
actually good at I'm good enough to
where a layman would be like you are
good but I am not actually good to the
point where it's a measurable objective
good at all
you know obviously some of the stuffs a
subjective like
art stuff but I really don't feel like
anyway there are still like visions of
arts where there there are some
objective qualities in art and beauty
and I don't I don't think anyone could
ever say that I'm the best artist but
when I was younger I used to write a lot
I would write I loved creative writing I
would write stories I would never finish
books but I started books I wrote
scripts I drew I was never a good artist
in terms of drawing but I picked it up
again a few years ago when I started
altering magic cards I put a picture of
what I've done and see it's not terrible
but it's not good you know and I wrote
some poetry some short stories and tried
to write some fucking books as I said
and they just never came to fruition
because I lose interest
I lose passion in the middle and then
later on in my life in my teen years and
stuff I started to get really good at
makeup I'm completely self-taught and
makeup and it took a long time for me to
develop what I consider to be the most
aesthetic look on my personal facial
facial features but I think I'm pretty
close now and if you were to look at me
in sixth grade or even look at some of
my modeling pictures my eyebrows were
not ideal things were weird back then
but it was something I slowly developed
myself on my own just like picking up
small tidbits from other people that's
why I I get so much motivation and have
so much appreciation for people who know
their craft because I can just look and
take little tidbits I remember here's an
anecdote I hate how thin my hair is or
I've always hated like how thin my hair
is and I wanted to occasionally and it
became not occasional but I wanted to
occasionally have the like really big
hair you know and I went with my mom to
a hairdresser once and my mom was
getting her hair done and they just took
a comb and my back combed her hair in
the back and it was like it looked like
shit but it was like a little fluffy
poof in the back and I'm like holy shit
that's how they do it and from then on I
had fucking bombshell ass crazy hair
that I and I developed my own look that
you know now kind of makes me cringe but
it was my own look and I fucking loved
it for so many years it was something I
developed just by picking like up some
visual cues on how to fundamentally do
something based on a few certain steps
of like comb
goes down against hair shaft hair stays
up I'm self-taught in CSS website design
Photoshop I even when there was no good
bought for for twitch channels and stuff
like a moderator bot that you could like
type stuff into and it would respond to
you I actually created my own using Mir
see the mirc language or whatever and
obviously I don't know the nomenclature
and all that stuff because it's just
like a self-taught thing I only knew as
much as I had to in order to fulfill the
desire that I had you know beyond that I
had no interest in being the mirc god or
anything I just wanted to utilize that
skill and learn that skill because in my
opinion if you want something done right
you do it your fucking self I think
that's like the entire reason why I
learned everything myself it when I was
modeling if anyone else did my makeup
her hair I absolutely resented it I felt
like they just did makeup and they
didn't do makeup for me you know like
they didn't take into account my facial
features and how you could further
feminized me Orford look further make me
look better based on my personal face
shape they would just do a makeup onto
my face and it wasn't the makeup for my
face but I knew my face I knew the the
proportions and the symmetry that I
wanted and the look that I wanted to
have and the feel that I wanted to
portray and so that's why I always
insisted upon doing my makeup and I let
people I thought of course a makeup
artist will know better than me I
allowed them to do it I allowed people
who worked on some of the best people to
work on my face and I never liked it I
learned Photoshop I learned Sony Vegas
how to edit videos how to edit pictures
I actually had a picture editing photo
editing business for a while where I
would edit models photos for like a
small price per photo or like bulk
packages and stuff because I taught
myself to do that for myself and when I
was doing it for other people the
passion was gone so really the only
thing I felt that I could do in my
entire life was something like this it's
just I have mount platform it's not a
specific genre and even though it's
gonna be a detriment to my viewership
and my subscriber count' I'm
just do thousands of different things on
my goddamn channel now after all these
years of wanting to learn bass guitar
I'm like fuck it I'm gonna learn bass
guitar I'm gonna learn it my way I'm
gonna slowly watch youtube videos and
pick up tips and I'm gonna try to do
everything like I'm gonna look at the
fundamentals of holding the guitar how
not to get carpal tunnel certain fucking
fretting vagina shit you know like I'm
gonna learn things that are important
I'm not gonna skimp on that but I'm
gonna learn at my pace my way I'm gonna
gamify it with Rocksmith and I'm just
gonna fucking do these badass things
that I've had in my fantasies where I'm
just fucking shredding some bass solos
and being the fucking foundation of my
favorite metal music you know that's
something I've fucking fantasized about
and now I'm gonna fucking do it and I'm
never gonna be the best bassist in the
world but I'm gonna be able to play for
Whom the Bell Tolls by a Metallica and
it's gonna look hot and I'm gonna do it
in my underwear and I'm gonna fucking
like jerk off to myself because it's so
hot not physically I don't actually do
that okay I don't I don't I learned
graphic design because I wanted a
specific look for my twitch stream a
specific type of splash overlays and I
do all my own overlays I just anything
little tid but I learn I just learn it
you know because to me learning
knowledge and I'm not like a big
purveyor of like random knowledge do I
want to ever hone in on just one thing
or do I want to continue to not benefits
properly from knowing these things that
I know cuz like people come in and
they'll go like oh she's so bad at
gaming she's so bad at Starcraft and
it's like if you knew how many other
things I'm so mediocre at you would
understand where all the time went that
you spent on being better than platinum
level in StarCraft I don't know I like
myself I like where I'm at but
occasionally I'll watch a video of
someone who's damn good at what they do
and I get this lady boner and it
inspires me to be that way and then I
put my feet back on the ground and I'm
like I'm already fucking 20-something in
my late 20s and I don't think I have
time to become the world's greatest x2 I
XYZ like I feel like I want to be right
now and I know over time it'll just be a
waste of time and I'll give up because
I can't do it how you know you talk too
much in a video when your cart is full
and you have to pull the card out of lad
to have any more room to keep filming
said video oh man so yeah um like I said
I I know that if I put my mind to it I
can do anything I want to because I've
done so many of the things that I want
to at a small degree I've done things
like do you guys remember a few years
ago I said I can't braid hair and then I
I just kept saying I can't braid hair I
wish I could braid hair I've always
wanted to have cute like I really love
the look of French and Dutch braids and
you know one day I was like why am I not
learning to braid and then in one day I
learned the fucking twist braid the
French braid the Dutch braid I can do
literally anything with hair now and
it's just because I spent like five
seconds like starting a YouTube video
and then seeing oh that's the technique
okay and then just doing it myself until
I can fucking do it and I mean the
fucking I feel like I do my own acrylic
nails now like only half of them are
acrylic these two because it's easier to
finger pick on a base if I have like
longer nails but all the rest of the
nails have to be short so I'm doing my
own like gel manicures and my own
acrylics and stuff just like I have so
many little skills but I'm a master of
none of them and I think through talking
about this I think I want to stay that
way you know I was I was debating
whether or not I wanted to try to be
really good at bass guitar or something
but there are certain aspects of it
beyond the fundamentals beyond just me
feeling the music and wanting to play
the things that I want to play and
wanting to do covers and wanting to
maybe experiment with doing like some
really shitty like composing or
something I don't want to fucking I
don't want to be a god at it I don't
want to become a music snob I don't I
don't think that the time I invest in
that will make me happy I think a lot of
people go down one path because it's
profitable and it and some some people
I'm sure do have the passion to keep
going and sometimes the hurdles they'll
get over the hurdles because the the
passion drives them to get to the end
because it's what they really want and I
think you have to really want something
in order to change and I personally
don't want to change I personally I
personally think this is the way that I
want to be I want to be someone who can
help you out and a lot of things but is
not perfect in anything I think the only
thing I'm really good at is giving
blowjobs I think I've perfected the art
of blowjob but again it's a subjective
art so I you have to you have you'd have
to like enjoy one of my blowjobs to make
an opinion about it but I think I'm real
good but anyway going back to the whole
like even though someone turns me on
based on their merit I can still find
them unattractive Adam Neely is one of
those guys I feel like I can't stop
staring and how bad his teeth are and I
feel like teeth teeth are one of my
deal-breakers teeth is one of my
deal-breakers I know it sounds weird
that's kind of how it isn't that
sentence what like I was so turned on
when he like he did a grammar nazi'
thing where he corrected himself and I'm
like oh my god fucking Nietzsche and
bass guitar and oh you're teaching me
shit and then I'm like oh this grammar
Alice you should like holy fuck just
fuck me right now then I remember he has
those teeth so yeah there are some
things that are that are not
non-negotiable you gotta have fucking
not dirty-looking not crazy teeth
obviously you can have not perfect teeth
like me but I think that's one of the
things on me that's like objectively
perfect my teeth you know I don't know
some people like the bunny teeth with
the longer teeth oh I had such a fight
that's another thing like I think my
obviously my whole ideology about if you
want something done right do it yourself
isn't it's definitely the reason why
I've learned so many things that I've
learned and I've become so
self-sufficient in so many ways I mean I
built my own computer what else is there
like there are so many things that I can
do so many things that I know a moderate
amount of things about but uh my
distrust for professionals in whatever
field has also pushed me to be this way
because when I was younger I thought my
parents knew everything and of course
you should just you should just appeal
to every Authority possible because
obviously they've made a living doing
their job but recently I've just
realized there are so many professionals
so many like skilled people who are like
in a certain profession and there
a professional XYZ that literally just
do enough to get by and they don't even
have the passion that I have in order to
like self actualize in their chosen
field and that's something that I kind
of pity like it's kind of like I look
down on that a little bit like you have
one thing presumably because that's your
profession and you're not even fucking
doing that well you're not even going
above and beyond in that like do
something you have a fucking passion for
dude I just feel like it's so it's so
easy to become complacent in your life
where you're stuck in this dead-end job
that you don't love and even if you're a
professional in that field and you just
kind of stopped learning like never
fucking stop learning please I'm not
going to even though I'm gonna continue
to be mediocre in things I'm just gonna
continue to be mediocre in a larger
amount of things I think it adds to the
to the romanticism of the people that I
romanticize to if they're that much
better at something that I admire them
being good at because if I got that good
a bass guitar or that good at public
speaking and debates which I that's
something I will continue to work on
always because it encompasses everything
that I do just being good at speaking
being good at expressing myself is the
most important thing in the world
freedom of speech to me is the most
important thing in the world and if I'm
misrepresenting myself because I'm not
using the proper vernacular and I'm not
making my point as concise as I possibly
can then I'm not doing any part of my
job in my opinion I'm not entertaining
well I'm not conveying information I
just like
I love the way that looks it looks so
gross it looks like an assholes like
prolapsing on my face I'm gonna go
stream it's funny today I pushed myself
to actually do something because it's my
third day of feeling like I just want to
lay in bed and do goddamn nothing
Jesus fucking cocks what in the name of
God how long is this fucking video this
is my longest fucking video I don't know
if you guys like this kind of thing I'm
gonna go now because I feel like I've
just been taking up way too much of your
time with absolutely nothing and this is
why I don't do videos like this that
often anymore mainly because I'm not
comfortable with holding Vlad like this
while talking I keep fumbling and my
brain becomes foggy I don't know
something about me holding it's kind of
like when I play bass I cannot sing the
lyrics even though I know the lyrics
have been ingrained in my brain since I
was like one I cannot I cannot sing
money or learning to fly or time by Pink
Floyd while I'm playing it it's like
different time signatures than the the
vocals and like my face literally drops
to like what it would look like when I'm
dead
well I'm playing like nothing else works
it's just I surmise that that will
change once I get better and I'm it's
just like second nature to me but right
now when I'm playing a new song
especially it's like can't do shit else
so what was that oh yeah I can't hold a
Dan think and talk anymore so don't do
glad vlogs and stuff like that much
anymore
but I don't know if you guys appreciate
this I do so many different things on my
channel and again that's another part of
me being a jack-of-all-trades is I got I
got the sexy stuff I got the sex ed I
got the the comedy type stuff like Terry
reads comments I'll just do like a
random hulls talking about girly shit or
like makeup occasionally I'll talk
philosophy games obviously I have like a
whole channel on that I just I don't
know I like so many things and instead
of making my channel about one niche I
want you guys on the channel to feel all
of me in the least sexual way possible
and a little bit sexual way I want you
guys to know everything about me because
I'm an open book and that's what my
channel is about and therefore it's not
just gonna be one thing like guns or
music or philosophy or whatever I just
she want to do whatever I feel like
doing that day and this is literally the
only fucking platform and the only job
that I can do where I'm doing that so
thank you guys so much for supporting me
I know some of my videos might not be
your cup of tea I'm assuming that this
video is very much not your cup of tea
to the majority of you who just wanna
like see tits or have me do something
very bang bang pow lots of cuts type of
thing I love you guys thanks for
watching if you did if you did that let
me know by posting in the comments stick
10 dildos in my nose sideways there you
have it guys I hope you enjoyed this
video if you did get to the end I love
you and yeah
any comments you have if you feel the
same way or if you're one of those
people that sticks with one thing till
the end that's cool too I probably
admire you if you're really good at what
you do and I admire what you do in
whichever genre you're doing it maybe
I'd want to fuck you for it just a
little bit of titties though I can't
leave you guys high and dry if you sat
here and listen to me fucking blather on
for tens of thousands of years to to
fucking SD cards full of shit thank you
for your support
