I'm fingering everyday so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want hey guys welcome to the
December / January I guess I don't know
whatever Edition it is of my fucking
favorites as always my version of my
monthly favorites video is gonna be not
only about girly topics and it's gonna
have a lot of porn a lot of sex a lot of
video games but also it's gonna be at a
random time not the first of the month
and not entirely monthly I gave my
patients three topics to choose from for
what you guys want to see next in a
video one of them was this one this one
didn't win but since I had all of my
equipment here I figured I would bang
this one out then move all the stuff
into the bedroom and do the Adam and Eve
sex toy haul thing which was the video
that one but not by a huge margin I will
also be doing the pro bodybuilder sex
story which is something you guys wanted
to see as well so if you guys are
excited about the Adam and Eve sex toy
hall or the pro bodybuilder sex story
please let me know in the comments and
like the video I appreciate it the first
category is sex position as always so
this month's sex position is one that I
don't do very often simply because it's
one of those ones that looks cool but it
doesn't feel the best it's not what are
the sex positions where I'm like oh
there's just hitting my g-spot perfectly
I'm sure there are some girls out there
that like to do strenuous activity and
can still come while doing said
strenuous activity but for me I prefer
comfortable positions in order to come
or positions where my muscles aren't
strained a lot I do leg day and after
leg day trying to do something that's
super hard something that's beyond just
being on top I like to either relinquish
the control or do something a little bit
easier that's not to say that it's
boring just that it's not as
acrobatic so this sex position the guy
is laying flat on the bed or wherever
you're fucking okay so here's the guys
body and the girl's body is sideways
perpendicular to the man's butt she's
doing the sideways splits so like the
knot like this the harder splits but
like the sideways splits and she uses
her hands on either side of his body or
on his body whatever to push herself up
and down on the cock if you guys have a
lovely lady in your life or in turn if
you girls have a lovely man in your life
try this and tell me if it's too
strenuous or too weird and atomically to
get offered to be a position that you
guys would try often sometimes
experimenting and doing porn style
acrobatics
sex positions is fun but not always not
in quickies and not everyday pornstar so
awkwardly enough porn stars of the
months since I have three are all dead
and I do hope we can all give an homage
back to them for how wonderfully happy
our penises and pussies have been made
by them in their lifetime in their
careers the first one we're gonna talk
about is shyla stylez some of you guys
might be a little too young to remember
shyla stylez she's only 35 when she died
but I think she's been out of porn for a
while it's kind of like Tara Patrick or
jenna jameson the people who haven't
really been doing new porn she was a hot
blonde and she died at her mother's
house I believe in her sleep I'm not
quite sure exactly how or why she died
but rest in peace shyla stylez and to
those of you who have never heard of her
before I think an honorary first FAP is
an order
the next important start we're gonna
talk about who died is one that not a
lot of you might have known about
I think her death got swept under the
rug of August Ames's death because it
happened a few days after but it wasn't
as controversial there wasn't like
widespread bullying on social networks
or anything like that if there's not
racism or bullying or some kind of
controversy or something for people to
be up in arms about people usually don't
care that much but our second porn stars
name is Yuri love AUB and an honorary
fact to you Yuri loved her death was
ruled as a drug overdose I'm not sure if
it was a suicide but whatever the case
it sucks that she's now gone not giving
anyone else any more pleasure or being
the person that she was and last but
certainly not least since everyone knows
about this we're gonna talk about August
Ames August Ames was probably my
favorite porn star out of the three in
terms of her porn she committed suicide
by hanging in a park near her house a
lot of people have speculated it was
because she was being bullied online for
refusing to work with someone who had
worked in gay porn citing that she
wanted to take care of her body because
she knows that a lot of people in gay
porn contract HIV and things like that
because HIV has contracted more easily
through the anus and the anal cavity
that's why anal sex and in turn gay porn
or gay sex in general has a larger
epidemic of HIV and AIDS I personally
don't think we know for sure if that's
why she did it she had a history of
mental illness she was gorgeous she was
sexy she was fuckable and she made some
really entertaining porn and every time
I am watching porn and I see that little
I think of brazzers ad on the side where
she's like in a car and she's getting
fucked I'm like that bitch was sexy too
soon
too soon an honorary fact to August aims
I hope none of you are offended that I'm
talking about someone who's dead in such
a sexual manner but don't really care if
you're offended I'm gonna continue to
honor the people who gave me pleasure in
their lifetime by doing the same after
their death moving on we've got let me
get situated my legs fallen asleep
games my favorite category of the month
got him like shedding like crazy my
favorite category of ever not just the
month this month we have all of the
castlevania lords of shadow games
castlevania lords of shadow one is kind
of just like a worse version of
castlevania lords of shadow 2 which is
better graphics but i don't like the
fact that it's set in more of a modern
world even if the modern world feels
more gothic and less like a normal
modern world it's still a modern world
while i do like things like underworld i
prefer my vampire stories to be less
relatable i don't want to see like taxi
cabs and vampires using cell phones
aside from Helsing Helsing is okay I
look hard using a gun is just hilarious
to me I love it but that's an anime more
on that later anyway my favorite though
is mirror fates so castlevania lords of
shadow mirror of fate is like the
in-between game that i think was on was
it on PSP or DS 3ds i'm not sure but
they ported it to steam and made it a
little bit better looking you play a
simon the redheaded son of Trevor that
Trevor didn't know he had before he
became Dracula 2d side-scrolling
amazing.just I loved it so much
Jay agrees a lot of people hate the
castlevania lords of Shadow 2 is
open-world but it really isn't an
open-world it's not like Witcher 3 or
Assassin's Creed where there's a ton of
side quests and stuff you can basically
just move around a world kind of using a
map and backtracking there's a few like
collectibles you can get but it's not
the annoying kind of open world where
you can spend like four days on side
quests and then forget about the main
quest altogether you basically just can
walk to the main quest and collect
things on the way if you want to another
game I want to talk about this month is
shoe it's a cute side-scrolling
platformer where you're this little a
bird or something and there's like a
catastrophe storm I don't know what
exactly is going on because there's no
talking it's just visual effects but you
run around and find all these baby birds
and you find other birds that give you
special abilities like breaking through
ground it's just it's really fun really
cute dude the only thing I don't like
about it
is both versions on Steam for some
reason on my laptop and on my main
computer in jitters I found out it about
shoe because I was doing my game release
news on the gaming channel you guys
should check it out I'm really amping up
the gaming channel now you can find it
at youtube.com slash Terry Bob cup games
but anyway I was talking about the games
that are coming out this month and I
referenced to a few games that have been
out for a while but they're now getting
ported to the switch she was one of them
so if you want to check it out on the
switch you can do that as well it
doesn't have to be on Steam and the last
game I want to talk about is Ken full
let's Pillars of the Earth this is an
episodic point-and-click adventure game
which is really cool where the choices
actually matter like you can let people
die and stuff and it's got this cartoony
style of graphics that I really like
they don't take a cartoon and try to
make it into a 3d cel-shaded thing it's
actually like a cartoon I know a lot of
people on my stream when I was playing
it they have read the books and stuff I
haven't but I do know that there's a
series on I think Amazon Prime video
it's like a TV movie type of series
thing and it's also about that so I'm
excited to watch that as well because I
really like the story I'm on book 2
right now which came out this month oh
so good
you play as a monkey plays a little boy
you're basically set back in like
medieval England I think it is like 1140
something around there and it's really
fun if you've ever liked a point and
click game you should definitely check
it out if you've ever liked an episodic
illusion of choice game you should
definitely check it out too kind of
reminds me of Monkey Island which is my
childhood and as much as I don't really
like point-and-click adventures present
point-and-click adventures that exists
right now as much mainly because it's
really convoluted what you're supposed
to do when you're like clicking around
and it's kind of annoying gameplay
reminiscent of Monkey Island warms my
heart for sure next category is movies
and TV shows but just anime this month
ok so this month I forced Jay to allow
me to get really into anime and I know
that sounds really abuse have been weird
but I usually let Jay choose what we
watched because we only watch things
while we eat we don't watch a lot of TV
and stuff so I'm like yeah just whatever
black mirror whatever's new on Netflix
whatever seems cool by the way I love
black mirror I mentioned it in a past
fucking favourites video but what I love
more than anything that has real actors
is anime and cartoons so I was like Jay
come on let's just watch like a bunch of
the anime shows that I've been wanting
to watch some of the ones that I've read
the manga of just come on it'll be great
season to have attack on Titan is out
it's been out for a while why are we not
watching this some of the anime that
I've watched this month is food Wars
shokugeki no souma
I think food wars is like the subtitle
and shokugeki no souma is the actual
title sometimes they have a Japanese
title that's just translated but I'm
pretty sure since shokugeki means food
wars
it's like shokugeki no souma so it's
like soma and food wars or something I
have no idea Japanese person in the
comment section can tell me if I have
any of those as viewers you guys are
cool by the way I wish I knew your
language but anyway I have read the
manga of food Wars I actually have a
manga review on my gaming channel I'll
post the link in the description if you
guys want to watch it I really loved the
food Wars manga
I love how like eating food is so erotic
to them but it is such a better watch
than it is a read simply for the fact
that you get all the visuals that you
read about in the manga I would also
recommend food whores as like a first
anime especially if you're a foodie or
you're into food at all in the manga
they do have all of the recipes listed
which is really cool but in the anime
it's just so much better of a watch in
my opinion so if you've never watched
anime before you want to get into it
food Wars is a good one you don't have
to be like super weeb to be interested
in the characters or the story or the
plot there's no like supernatural shit
really I guess it is kind of
supernatural how orgasmic food is to
these people and they're not fat another
one I watch this Tokyo ghoul I dread I
think three or four volumes of Tokyo
ghouls manga and honestly I feel like
Tokyo ghoul is a better read than it is
a watch some of you guys might disagree
with me but I don't know something about
the anime just doesn't resonate with me
as much as the manga that being said I
didn't feel the morale balancing act
that connect he went through as much in
the anime as in the manga it was kind of
like a normal amount of moral dilemma it
wasn't like oh my god people owe people
at least it didn't feel that way to me
when I read the manga I was really
turned off I also have a manga review on
that series as well but I was really
turned off by how morally ambivalent he
was like I felt like it was a very
obvious choice you either eat humans or
you die kind of thing so while I
recommend watching it I wouldn't say
it's like my favorite watch Death Note
is another one I really liked Death Note
a fucking amazing series I have not read
the manga but I did watch the Netflix
movie not the Asian one the white people
one and it was a little weird but it
wasn't that bad once you stop thinking
about it as like let's compare it to the
manga that's compared to the manga I am
a firm believer that live-action manga
is awful
99% of
time mostly because you can never have a
real person that looks as good or as
cool as an anime drawn character ever
the only kind of anime to real life or
manga to real life I want to see is like
sexy cosplay and usually the same goes
with games but there are some games like
Assassin's Creed or hitman or something
that I'm not opposed to it being a movie
and I could totally see it being a good
movie the last two are Helsing Helsing
Ultimates which is like one so there's
another one and attack on Titan season 2
which is so good but so short oh my god
guys attack on Titan is slowly becoming
my or quickly I guess becoming my
favorite anime even surpassing Dragon
Ball Z which is crazy it feels so weird
to say the Dragon Ball Z isn't my
favorite anime over attack on Titan if I
like them both because there's so much
more Dragon Ball Z content especially
content to watch like there's a billion
movies and a billion fucking syriza's
and a billion volumes of each series and
we got wreckingball super which I
haven't watched yet so it feels weird to
like something like attack on Titan more
than Dragon Ball Z but I'm slowly
getting there
and with Helsing the first series was
better overall but the way they recapped
the first series in Helsing ultimate
with so much better just when you get
later into Helsing ultimate it's like a
bunch of dialog with nothing happening
and it's not interesting at all like it
was really painful to get through the
whole like Nazi part simply because it
was just really awkward like people just
having long dialogues and not actually
fighting it was like whole paragraphs
and books written of talking shit it's
really weird
oh oh okay that was a long section but
it had to be done I watched a lot of
anime and I didn't want to leave
anything out next we've got music okay
so I was streaming recently and I was
playing music on my stream and one of my
viewers came in and suggested a band I
said I would listen to it after the
stream and I did and it was amazing I
also listened to it a little bit during
the stream I think but I loved it when
you guys send me songs or music in the
comments section or in chat on stream
twitch.tv slash Taylor Babcock
I'm always discovering new stuff through
you guys because honestly I don't like
listen to the radio or listen to like
new
that much unless someone who I respect
recommends it to me and J doesn't do it
nearly as much anymore either so I'm
like not getting as many new bands as I
would like but the new band that was
recommended to me is silo sis I think
that's how you pronounce that
it's Syl OS is and the three first songs
I listened to so far are my favorite
other than a few that Jay recommended to
me as well and the first few songs I
listened to were just the top ones on
Spotify basically so my favorites there
are life after years mercy and leech I
recommend you just check the band out
overall if you're into heavier metal and
you're into melodic metal he has a great
voice everything is great
it hasn't been very long since I got
into them so I don't have like a lot of
stuff to recommend to you guys maybe
I'll have more next month I haven't been
listening to music that much when I work
out I'm usually watching a YouTube video
and if I'm not playing League or
Starcraft or something like that where I
don't care about the music in the game
I'm usually not listening to music on
stream either most of my music listening
has been me playing songs on Rocksmith
but I will update you guys and you guys
can tell me which songs you think are
your favorite from cirrhosis in the
comments section I would appreciate that
next category is guy or girl I want to
fuck and to be honest it's just been
Shapiro you guys like I've been racking
my brain trying to think of like who
else there was like a hot gas guy that
came here to check for carbon monoxide
improper burning that creates carbon
monoxide not a natural gas leak and he
was pretty hot I told my patrons that
like if I have had makeup on or if it
was a little bit different of a
circumstance I probably would asked if
he wanted a blowjob but other than that
it's just been Shapiro I know I talked
about my controversial people that I
want to fuck last month with steven
crowder who if given the choice I don't
even know who I would choose steven
crowder is better looking but ben
shapiro is like there's a there's a
factor there there's like a corruption
factor although he's clearly aware of
how corruptible every human is and how
sexually charged every human is and
that's why he can bat sit with his moral
compass and his religion to stuff like
that which is even more interesting to
see how he totally would choke who
totally choked
if left to his Eid mmm it would be on
but otherwise I don't know threesome
with both of them that would be my ideal
all right moving on favorite girlie
thing okay so a lot of my viewers at
least three of my viewers which is a lot
to recommend me to just one lip
recommended the sugarpill let me try to
show to you guys
the sugarpill trinket lipgloss so this
lipgloss or its I guess it's a lip cream
or a lip color or whatever it's like my
favorite color of pinkish neutral but at
the same time you put it on and then
when it dries you rub your lips together
and it becomes sparkly it's so awesome I
bought it like four months ago right oh
my god it's not focusing on me it thinks
change hump is a face anyway I bought it
four months ago because everyone was
telling me about it I loved it and then
Eve stole it and I cannot find it so I
had to buy it again it was out of stock
for a while and I finally was able to
buy it I'm like yes I finally have it
again I'm not wearing it today or
anything but I've taken pictures where I
was wearing it and I just love how it
looks like kind of a pill or like an Rx
symbol thing I like sugar pill but they
have so few products it's like it can't
be my favorite I do recommend this to
you and the gold one I really want to
get the gold one so I think gold lips
would be really cool at least for
Instagram but I am definitely in love
with this one if you guys want to check
it out it's called sugar pill trinket
and it really does get more and more
sparkly the more you rub your lips
together it's fucking weird it's badass
let me introduce you to my favorite
thing of the month my Ibanez sound gear
base that I have affectionately named
autumn because this finish is called the
autumn fade I am so in love I'm so glad
that I finally took the plunge and made
a bunch of changes in my life one of
which being finally learning to play the
bass the way I'm learning right now
other than just doing scales and random
fingering exercises that's why my stream
is often titled and fingering totally
not sexual at all is I've been playing
Rocksmith 2014 which is basically Guitar
Hero but with a real guitar I've been
learning now to space my fingers out
enough so I can fit four frets even up
here and stuff I can play three or four
songs that are semi difficult the
easiest song ever is Def Leppard's pour
some sugar on me it's just like fucking
it's literally just like two strings 2
frets really fucking easy I've gotten so
much better in the past a month and a
half of practicing I'm so proud of
myself I'm making such improvements I'm
practicing every day I'm fingering every
day and I just really love my bass
I can't wait to upgrade to like a really
expensive bass with five strings and my
ultimate goal is to get this body in
perfect shape get my fucking bass skills
in perfect shape and do covers of my
favorite songs like money by Pink Floyd
in my underwear for YouTube or patreon
or both I'm really excited I love it so
much you guys you don't you don't even
know how much I love this fucking thing
I'm so happy I'm doing it I should have
done it years ago I should be a pro by
now but we shall not live in regret we
shall just be happy that we have finally
improved our lives
Shallon tweet let me show you what I've
been practicing just a little bit just a
little bit I know it sounds awful
without an amp I used to like just go
like this and like move around for
everything and I wasn't like spread out
with my thumb on the back I was just
kind of doing awful form but lately I've
been teaching myself to make sure I keep
my hands spread out in this fucking
silly crab people looking shit and I've
just been doing so much better so here
we go
alright guys I hope you enjoyed the
video thanks for watching don't forget
to like the video subscribe to the
channel if you want to support me you
can do so on patreon on minds or by
subscribing to me on twitch.tv slash
Tara Babcock I love you guys so much
thank you so much and I look forward to
bringing you more bassist Tara content
see you guys in the next video which
will either be my Adam and Eve sex toy
Hall or my pro bodybuilder sex story I
also have some other ideas for
politically and philosophically charged
videos that will be coming soon so
please do let me know in the comments
what you're most excited for because I
love listening to and working with you
guys want to see as well love you
