hey guys welcome to new episode I'm sex
ed with Tara this week we're going to
talk about the periods and I promise you
guys it's going to be great especially
for women and for men you want to have
sex on a girl period as well not getting
too messy so bad well this isn't
directly for you this week you can't
open learn some stuff about getting some
better period sex and protecting your
girlfriend's from toxic shock mothers
sisters whatever I know it's a little
weird that send this to them if they're
still using tabs example I'm going to be
threatening guys these two products
today that will be a game changer for
your period whether you want to have sex
on your period or you just want to be
safe from pops of stop and have a more
comfortable what identic period and you
don't like you changing your tampon
every six hours this is not at all a
sponsored video I've done my own
research on this and a little back story
before we get into it so if you only
stack I was having a lot of symptoms
that are very common with toxic shock
turns out later I was having a reaction
to antibiotics God please don't let me
have toxic shock syndrome if you guys
don't know what that is it's basically
like a life-threatening but very rare
consultation would wearing your tampon
for too long tampons if you guys don't
know are a breeding ground for bacteria
they're made out of like cotton and
other things like that and actually the
but really growth and terrible
ingredients and chemicals in life my
mother was one by Tadzio tells you to
wear pads so that's a gross and they
don't go well someone who doesn't wear
panties over wears films so pads are
pretty much out for me while I was doing
research I found out that your nostrils
to ever wear your pants on overnight
even if you just put it in and induced
sleep for six hours or eight or twelve
whatever and I was like I've worn my
pants on since yesterday afternoon all
throughout the night and having painted
it yet I don't know if you girls or your
girlfriends depending on the sexual
orientation generous people watching
right now have ever experienced just
forgetting to change your tampon if you
have like a lighter flow or you
really busy with something else but that
happens to me all the fucking time and I
didn't know I was changing overnight so
what am I supposed to were a pad
overnight wear panties that are
uncomfortable instead of sleeping naked
and then I roll around the flow might go
tomorrow but down my road no thing so I
certa creases in alternatives I found
out that there are things that allow you
to have Mestre sex during your period I
don't know if the edges relationship to
wipe this also but they will not have
sex with me on our theory he finds it
gross the bubble will Harden and make it
really rough and brick singing no matter
how much the movie use he says it feels
like a little needle loved it and I
don't ever want such as me on my period
and even though I don't really mind
blood it can still be messy not only did
I find a way better alternative to
tampons else is how the way to mess make
sex on my period
no one blow job week guys although I do
love blow doubly just add in the blowjob
missus X as like four players in a movie
you know blow job because now to go away
all together you can just change it to
your birthday week anyway I want to show
you these two brothers so this is the
first product I've been using this thing
for like four months now and yeah I
completely risk of the box that I cut
its legislature this is called the Diva
Cup okay so the thing about this is that
you do not have to even walk just really
before sticking it back in you and it
lasts for like ever
you can use this for use silicone is not
a breeding ground for bacteria so
there's no possible way you're going to
have toxic stock issues and it's
actually conforms to your body a lot
better because it's like quickie
silicone there are different sizes as
well this is the like normal small sized
ones the normal size women young women's
women who haven't had any children but
there's also a bigger one for over women
bigger women and women
so basically what you do with this is
you go like this and you push it like
that you relax you can lay down you can
sit on the toilet I could stand up and
flip it and then what you slip it in you
give it one full rotation and it sits I
would say about half an inch inside your
development you can wear it overnight
you can just keep it in your purse this
actually comes with a little fact like a
little cute designer pink sack with like
the little draw strings on the sides I
lost it faking teachers near course at
all times it's so much better than
having like 20 nasty tampons in your
purse and if anyone goes through your
first they seem to have tampons which
for some people not me but some people
to be totally embarrassing I swear by
this motherfucking thing you only call
with it you can't have sex with it it
basically retains its face and you know
it'd be very painful with a man inserted
his penis more than just to say thank to
you and that works better for me at
least it's really easy for me to take it
out at first it wasn't until I realized
that you have to kind of pull like in
giving birth to a tiny little baby pop
and then grab it and fold up it'll
basically come out on its own as you
click close but if you're just sitting
around the house doing whatever it stays
in indefinitely it stays in long doing
cardio on sleeping and the clothing of
others you can't even and pretty much as
long as you still have room in this cup
to have it full can you pull it out you
dump it into the sink you rinse it off
if you want you can use Sophie you don't
have to because again not a breeding
ground for bacteria and you put it back
in there have actually been times when I
had to change it in public
not like in public but in like a public
restroom and I just dumped it in the
toilet and put it back in without
washing it really not a big deal as long
as you watch it later but all that is
kind of in your head is identical
speaking no bad suit is going to arise
from you not walking it pretty fucking
cool right a lot of the reviews online
we're saying that if you're not
comfortable with your body or
comfortable sticking things in your body
or you don't know how your body work but
this might be hard to use but honestly
I'm going to give you my Blanc opinion
on it you need to learn your fucking
Anatomy girl in my opinion it is not OK
for you do not know how your clitoris
words how your vagina works what it
feels like on the inside
and just using an apple
a tampon and risking your life it's just
it's not an option in my opinion I can
do everybody understand it this doesn't
fit your Anatomy for whatever reason
there are a few people that don't like
it but if you inserted properly it could
be completely stunned inside of you as
you can see it's much bigger than a
normal vagina it's not being slipped out
or move around and you should not feel
it at all
all right let's no wonder the one or if
you have messed free period sir so these
are disposable they're called soft cup
instead instead soft cup that's the
brand because you know instead of
tampons open it up and you can see it
kinda looks like above the pad
I'll pull one out and show it to you but
first these votes 12-hour protection are
you can wear these for longer a girl
than the lighter period also they're
supposed to be disposable but again
they're made out of silicone so there's
no breeding ground for bacteria so you
can just walk it and put it back in a
lot of girls say that they use these for
an entire period and throw it away and
use another one for the next period
you're saving so much money on this shit
and again I'm not sponsored actually I
don't know if it's again did I say that
before definitely not faulty
I just believe in stuff like this so
much it's still crazy to me when the
whole world is using pads or tampons and
this stuff just seems like the
objectively secure ruefully therefore
you're no better for your sex life
better identically easier everything
alright let's open it up so this one
looks like this and that might seem
insane to you but I'll try to explain it
as simple as I can make sure the way you
stick this in is you go like a bit then
you face the bottom part or your bus
slide it in and then put your finger in
and push this up in tulips
service there's actually a bone inside
of you that is kind of like that where
you can cook it on your clothing flat
cervix I'm not quite sure which but it
looks like that and then it stays in
place in my experiences conforms to your
body a little worse than the other one
and it's quite confusing to you the
excess is bright a few times to make it
work but you can have 100% next spring
fucking period sex with this thing like
oh it's a godsend
so I guess Jen hogs and it's like I
collected all the Dragon Balls and was
like I want a mess free solution to
period sex and he was like sure you know
: can stay dead I don't fucking care
anyway this was nothing to take out and
I have tested during sex and Jason's it
was a little pokey at first but I think
that time I didn't put it in right so it
basically is just like a trial and error
thing you want to get it right with
someone you actually trust knows that
you're doing this rather than going out
and having a one-night stand or system
and people are like what the hell is in
you a soggy plastic bag and I want to
get it right it should be pretty easy
but yeah practice makes perfect with
both of these and with the rise of like
no applicator hand inserted tampons hand
palm guard even the easier choice anyway
so anyway I feel very strongly that one
of these will work for you or your
girlfriend or your mother or your sister
or whoever and then most people will be
able to enjoy Mestre period sex
resistance not everyone but most people
there are other brands out there and I
definitely recommend you do your
research and try the different types out
decline dollars visit your body
correctly but c'mon guys you owe to
yourself not to waste money on most of
the tampons all the time and risk toxic
shock just like those cotton and also
things I heard lunch and I'm not quite
sure on it but they have a similar
chemicals to cigarettes but that could
just be sensational is bullshit I don't
know either way this is just better at
least it's not this as well I'm
occasionally using an interesting
and I just like take this out and put
this in ping time but anyway yeah I hope
this helps you out a lot I really
recommend this like I cannot recommend
this stronger again not sponsored I just
feel like it's changed the game like I
hated my period I hated that I couldn't
have sex on it I hated how annoying and
disgusting tampons were I hate it in
public bathrooms trying to like put it
in a napkin and then like stick it in
that box to learning I was a bloody
tampon sticking out of it it's so
disgusting
and it's a good thing that you using a
pro to your purse you always have it you
only have to buy it once at least for
like view check it out experiences and
if you're a guy so you're open enough
before I go if the quality this video a
little bit work it's because I'm using
my old Canon Rebel t5i instead of my 5d
Mark 3 because I broke the audio jack on
it now they be able to have external mic
audio would you made the quality's it's
like really impossible to listen to the
onboard mic on my camera is not very
good so until I get that fixed that will
be my screaming camera so my street
quality is very good because just a week
last year I've got talk if you want to
check it out but anyway yeah hopefully
this isn't so good I love you guys
thanks for watching somebody to like the
video subscribe to the channel and I
will see you two reaches another sex ed
one gas in my birthday and probably with
a really nice halls and Avenue look
forward to that cuz I am alright guys
have a wonderful week and keep bucket
without legs blood all over your white
cape yeah bye guys
I hear you
