hey guys I have a new story time for you
today it is a sex story time - which is
the fucking best kind and yes there will
be sex in this one this is about my
boyfriend Chris aka my first ever fuck
buddy
aka my first metal band boyfriend aka
the Puerto Rican guy okay we're just
going to tell you the whole story his
name was Chris I met him in high school
it's so funny because I told you guys I
was dating this guy Jared for like two
years and this was one of the boyfriends
that I had while I was dating Jared
while Jared was in juvie and I was
really pissed off at him so I ended up
cheating on him I don't know if he ever
cheated on me it seemed like he did but
I don't think he ever knew that I
cheated on him also and I did with a lot
of guys when I was really pissed off at
him because he kept going to jail and I
was like that's what he gets and it yeah
it was a flaw of mine I shouldn't have
cheated on him I should just been honest
with him I should have been like bye
motherfucker you're garbage I'm gonna go
find someone who's better so um I don't
know how I started talking to this Chris
guy he was like in a totally different
year in high school I think he was like
two years older than me he was in a
totally different social circle like his
friends fucking hated me because he was
like the goth metal crowd and I was
wearing like Abercrombie and had like
blonde hair and was you know enjoying
wearing pink all the time and even
though I loved metal and I've always
loved things like Pink Floyd Led
Zeppelin and classic rock and things
like that no one ever really knew that
about me unless they asked so they just
assumed I was like some privileged
Barbie bitch in a crowd of a bunch of
people who were like mostly minorities
and if they weren't minorities they were
in like a subgroup like the Nerds and
the outcasts and the metal people or the
Gothic people and I was never in any
group really I was just friendly with
everyone and I had a lot of like my best
friends were mostly in the nerd category
but the other nerds didn't accept me lab
because you know I look a certain way
and it was really annoying to lose a lot
of friends because I didn't continue to
look like a nerd kind of thing you know
that's how it was with me growing up
like a lot of people felt like I was
betraying them when Willie I didn't
change at all they were betraying me
because they didn't accept me just
because I got a little bit more
attractive to certain mainstream groups
you know what I'm saying so anyway um I
was talking to this Chris guy I think I
found him on I think I started talking
to him on MySpace or something myspace
was really big back then
and he went to my school and we decided
to start dating I don't know what
possessed me to start dating him
specifically but I liked him because
okay he was like this Porto Rican guy
with this short spiky hair and he wore
all black and he had like really cool
shirts and he was like he was like
overweight a lot but he was also stocky
so he was nicely built and he wasn't too
tall he was like five eight five nine
but that was like acceptable and still
is acceptable to me it's just not my
ideal you know I want like six foot and
above I'm getting like I'm losing my
voice from doing so many videos today
because I'm pre recording a bunch of
videos so I don't miss out too many
uploads while I'm gone and this was by
the way this was the number one voted
video that you guys wanted I let my
viewers on patreon and on discord vote
for which videos you want me to record
and this was number one so hopefully it
lives up to your expectations and stuff
so um we decided to date and he thought
it was really cool because he knew more
about me like he knew the type of music
that I liked and I couldn't stand that
he didn't like Pink Floyd that much like
he was all about Megadeth Megadeth was
his favorite band of all time and I'm
like what the fuck Pink Floyd and Led
Zeppelin and stuff he liked Led Zeppelin
but whatever Pink Floyd is like
objectively better than Megadeth I feel
like you're just trying to be your own
stereotype of metal just by saying
Megadeth is my favourite band my Nana
and you didn't like Metallica I think
and a bunch of things that were just
better than Megadeth I don't hate
mega-desk but I don't love Megadeth
anyway no more metal politics so um we
had differences in opinion but he knew
that I was more than just like a blond
airhead or whatever so we got along
really really well like we got along
really well like we liked all of the
same things we had like in different
cultures that we liked like things in
the nerd culture things in the metal
culture that we meshed with other things
that he could show me other things that
I could show him and um we were really
flirty and it was really fun and it was
really great and I remember I would take
the bus with him home to his place he
lived with his sister or something and
we would go to his place and then um we
had this a really high rise bed it was
really weird and we would jump up on the
bed and we would have sex and I remember
he showed me Wayne's world for the first
time I had never seen Wayne's World and
he was like what you've never seen
Wayne's World and I'm like I know right
I feel like such an idiot he's like out
of all the things that you like you have
to see it's my favorite movie so we
watched it like twice
we stopped like halfway through to have
sex and then another halfway through to
have sex and it was just like it was
great it was a lot of sex and I enjoyed
his sex and he had a pretty decently
sized cock it was decent it wasn't huge
but it was decent and it wasn't
circumcised but it was like I think the
second time I've had a circumcised penis
and it like you couldn't pull the
foreskin all the way back and I did not
like that at all
I I found that to be really unattractive
I don't understand why guys when they
grow up they don't like start coaxing it
back a little bit with like gentle
suggestion until you can pull it all the
way back it's like I like having the
foreskin over when it's flaccid or when
it's just half hard but if you can't
pull it back at all to the point where
it looks like it's suffocating the head
of your penis I just didn't like that so
that was one thing that turned me off
about him but the sex was decent and I
didn't suck his dick too much because of
that but I enjoyed the sex let's just
say that it was a lot of sex and I
enjoyed it and I enjoyed someone who had
a libido kind of similar to mine right
like it was fun and we would also skip
school or we would go home to my house
during lunch and we would have sex and
we would get back really late and at
this time I was trying out for to be a
cheerleader in high school and he was in
a metal band and doing like the Battle
of the Bands stuff and it was like the
complete antithesis of who I was you
know when you're looking at me visually
and his friends fucking hated me oh my
god they fucking hated me they hated me
so much like he had this female friend
that was like really gothic looking and
really just like to me it's poser when
you force yourself to be as gothic as
possible or you only wear band shirts of
things that you like to portray hey I
like this band when rather you can just
you know find your own style and you
know I make sense when you have that
kind of mentality if metal is your life
and you see like black as your favorite
color and you want to look like that
that's completely fine and if that's
your style that's completely fine I
borrow styles from other people as well
and from other genres of you know high
school as well but I feel like I made my
own style and I made my own way and I
didn't let my my game Earnest dictate a
hundred percent of my wardrobe if that
makes any sense and I didn't let my the
fact that I like metal dictate 100% of
my wardrobe but I just find that to be
kind of poser II especially when come
I knew the personality of like anyone
else who doesn't dress this way as a
fucking loser type of thing and that
that was his friends he had a friend
named Steven who was like six-foot
billion and he had really long black
hair and he wore those like gigantic
flurry like skater slash gothic pants
with a bunch of pockets and holes in
them and hit that girlfriend was also
like that the female friend that he had
and Chris would just wear like band
shirts but then jeans and he had kind of
his own style you know and so I liked
that but he also dressed you know to the
music that he liked which is fine too I
have a bunch of band shirts as well and
a bunch of shirts with gaming stuff on
it or whatever so anyway um his friends
didn't like me and it kind of pissed him
off but he didn't like stick up for me
as much as I would like I feel like he
should have been less oblivious to the
fact they were being condescending to me
like a hundred percent of the time and
stick up for me more when I wasn't there
and he would tell me that they would
talk shit about me and say why are you
dating that stupid Barbie and like they
never really respected me intellectually
or respected my views on music and
thought that I was kind of just saying
acts I was dating Chris which is like
totally not true at all right I wouldn't
be interested in Chris I'm not
interested in Chris just like people
might be interested in interracial sex
because it's taboo I was interested in
Chris because we have a lot of the same
interests and I liked his dick you know
what I'm saying I didn't like his dick
but I like to sex you know I'm saying so
he had um this ex-girlfriend who he was
in love with um he had just broken up
with her and I was kind of like the
rebound and so that made sense for me to
be dating him because I was on a
cheating rebound whatever with Jared
right but he eventually started to break
it off with me he started to become more
despondent he was distant he didn't talk
to me and then one day he messaged me
over like fucking MySpace or whatever
the fuck it was I am I don't know and he
was like I don't think this is gonna
work because I'm still in love with my
ex-girlfriend and I was furious and
heartbroken at the same time because I
was about to break up with Jared I was
about to finally be like okay you know
there are other fish in the sea or
whatever but finally this fish that I
felt like I had a lot in common with and
that was making me like some kind of
semblance of happy was you know still
infatuated with this girl that I found
to be highly unattractive and hugely
see and just ugly inside and out and
like back then I was really bad at
channeling and understanding these
emotions and realizing that you know
beauty is in the eye of the beholder
there's things in a relationship do you
can't see on the surface that aren't
superficial maybe he did something for
her or she did something for him that
made their bond so strong maybe her look
while not my ideal was his ideal I don't
know I didn't have the foresight to see
from other people's perspective so I was
pissed I was like what the fuck I'm way
harder than her I'm Way smarter than her
I'm way cooler than her she doesn't like
metal she the fucking bitch she treated
you like shit why the fuck are you still
hanging on to this bitch and I was
really mad about it and I tried to
persuade him into thinking that it
wasn't really a big deal that he had
lost her that she's garbage you know and
she had treated him like shit or
whatever and he had told me some very
personal things about himself so I had
these personal private things that he
only told me that I'm not going to
divulge here because I respect him more
than I respected him back then and I
used those that information against him
later and I feel really bad that I did
that so Chris if you ever happened to
watch this I'm really sorry I reacted
very maturely about things but before
that happened before we had the huge
falling-out where he rightfully called
me a fucking cunt ass bitch I
propositioned him and said hey I really
like having sex with you if you don't
wanna be my boyfriend would you like to
be my fuck buddy and so my first
incurrence of fuck buddy Ness arose and
he was like yeah that sounds fucking
good let's fuck so we would do the thing
where we would go home for lunch have a
bunch of sex in my house and he would
sit me up on like my bathroom counter
sorry parents and like fucking me there
and he had a problem with like taking
off his shirt he was really insecure
about taking off his shirt and I'm like
fine whatever
you look good in clothes because you
have that stocky body type so you can
just leave it on whatever and that was
fine and so we had a lot more sex and
then one day he just decided to also end
that and I was like why and he was like
I just can't get over it I can't feel
okay having sex with someone when still
in love with this one and I was like oh
so infuriated look why why I've been
here for you sexually and emotionally
and I was just so annoyed and I ended up
getting over it he wasn't perfect for me
either like I didn't
like his dick and his friends were
assholes and he didn't have the loyalty
to stick up for me when he knew I was
more than they were saying that I was
and it just wasn't a good relationship
in the first place but it was ten times
better than what I had with Jared and I
felt like I got along with him and
clicked on him on a basis that I didn't
with Jared so I was just kind of sad
that I kept feeling like all guys that
I'm getting involved with and in a dumb
way and I kept feeling like even when
I'm secure with a relationship like I
felt I was with Chris it would just end
up crumbling in front of me and so later
on I found I met J and J and I started
dating and I told J the private things
that Chris had told me and Chris was
being a dick to J for no reason I don't
know I remember why he was being a dick
but it was through MySpace and they were
having an argument and J brought it up
and shamed him for it on my on my
suggestion and I really it would he was
just like fuck you guys like that's some
fucked up shit fuck you bitch like to me
and I regret it because it was like
really immature and really dumb and
really like just like why did I even
still care when I didn't care about him
anymore when I wasn't attracted to him
anymore why was I so pissed off that he
had you know left me for not even
another girl just left me for the
heartbreak of another girl when I was
like clearly so much better it was
really just like a basic white girl
really cringey thing to do in the first
place and yeah I regret it I would
rather we had ended on nicer terms I'm
glad that I didn't end up staying with
him because I wouldn't have been as
happy as I am now definitely but um I
feel like I've learned now to end things
on a better note and to remain friends
with people and to not let emotions get
in the way and I'm glad that I would
never do anything like that ever again
so this is one of the first videos where
I'm like hey I did something and I
actually strongly regret it do not do
this at home type of thing I know a lot
of youtubers try to pull off like their
past sex stories or their past drug
stories is like hey kids don't try this
at home but I'm more like if it fits do
it if you feel comfortable doing it do
it if that's you fucking don't feel
ashamed of experimenting with sex or
doing crazy shit in your teens as long
as it's you know relatively safe but
this time I'm really saying like don't
don't act emotionally and like don't say
things you can't take back and don't do
things you can't take back just because
you're feeling hurt at the time you know
or just because it for some other reason
in your life like more like me I was
feeling more just like dejected about
the whole male race then I was really
sad about that one like few month
relationship you know what I'm saying it
was going well in my opinion but it just
wasn't for us for him or for me and I
think I was trying to make it work when
it shouldn't have so yeah if you take
anything away from that I hope it
entertained you pull your foreskin back
if you can if it's too tight on you you
know like fucking lube it up a little
bit and you just like pull it back a
little bit every day you know make sure
your head can breathe because it's
unhygenic to not clean that area and
yeah enjoy sex with people but don't use
people or take advantage of knowledge
that you know about them and never tell
secrets yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this like the video subscribe to the
channel if you did if you want more sex
stories please post in the comments if
you enjoyed this let me know and tell me
if you have anything that happened in
your life that was kind of similar I
love you guys so much and I will see you
in the next video bye
