hey guys I am out today going bra
shopping ooh
these are my new boobies and they don't
fit in most of my bras thanks Jay Jay
likes to play masks on now my fucking
video is copyrighted thanks Jay
fucking asshole anyway so before we do
that we are at the peel Box picking up
my mail I'm hoping that I can record my
fnm for this week because I don't have
one otherwise I'm just uploading some
random shit and not really talking about
the giveaway and that would kind of suck
but anyway my boobs look fucking great
wearing Tara Babcock merch hashtag Tara
Babcock March or Debbie Debbie not
scream gear.com slash Terri Babcock link
will always be in the description but
yeah let's go pick up my fucking mail
where that's like big-ass fucking rental
thing because j-stars having some sensor
issues or some shit so yeah I'm excited
to try on bras and I'm gonna take you
guys along and we're gonna you know pick
for us together it'll be fun retro
Donkey Kong I hate these fucking socks
I hate socks oh my god but it like ruins
my life if I don't wear socks with these
it like actually hurts oh my god we're
entering the post office how exciting J
I'm gonna make this joke every time no
service animals Girl Scouts up no pets
also no pets I'm fuckin the best this is
what my appeal boxes guys so if you want
to come murder it in its sleep oh my god
they like to show shit in here even
though there's not a slip
they usually have shit in the back so
we're gonna go be like a where's my shit
girl they know me here they like have a
pile for me usually like a couple crates
or something I want to do what I want
Star Trek forever stamps which is my my
stuff bringer the bringer of stuff
slave yeah that works but you don't let
me actually call you that so it's not
true one time we almost stole one of
these bins because we didn't know
mattered and then we got home we looked
at the side and it was like this was a
federal offense
you know you can go to jail and we're
like fuck so I do like drive back and
I'm like leave it it was quite funny
wasn't it Jay mm-hm
it's hilarious oh my god you know what
we're not gonna have a problem trying to
fit shit because we have a gigantic
fucking SUV right now Jay was all
bewildered because when you get in the
car like you just pressed the start
button to make it go he's like what's
the fucking point of the key
then don't throw them you did too
camera adds physics that's how your
balls are so fucking saggy on camera I'm
yelling blind spot over each other's
blind spot like monitor thing come on
man
blinds Bose just get in the way of my
mountain in 3/4 of a mile turn left on
outlet collection Drive southwest
all right we are here the outlet
collection aka the fucking super mall
this place used to be called the super
maama my parents used to come here all
the time because my mom's cheap is
fucking she likes Nordstrom Rack or ever
the fucking shit and Marshalls but I
really like this mall because it's like
really out of the way and fucking
boondock reservation land all burn but
it actually still has like really good
you know it has like Victoria Secret
which is the main reason why I'm here
but it used to be called the super mall
in the super Mel display was like this
really pretty like colorful thing and
then at each entrance they would have
like the dinosaur entrance and they
would have like giant dinosaurs outside
and then the other entrance was like the
the there was like a an old airplane
like a fighter airplane outside it was
really cool and it was really like my
thing you know but now it's like old
gates you can own it connection in
Seattle instead of the Superbowl in
Auburn you know there there's actually
an LA Fitness inside which is also
something that's interesting like I used
to not be an only Fitness we would walk
in and there was like a shade disagrees
he's coughing but um they had like a
like a boxing ring who'd watch people
blocks through like these glass windows
and shit it was pretty cool Jay and I
are gonna fight this gym real quick
another thing I like about this maldo is
like look over there they have like
weird stores with like Native American
idols and like just like weird shit that
you can buy and there's this one place
that has like a lot of you know that
like when you like a geode oh my god
there's a bird on the skipping look oh
you missed it there's this hill feather
there you see it oh my god yeah that was
really cool just like random stores with
random shit and like you can buy a bunch
of like wood carving
I don't know you can see it but it's so
sad this is the last book store in the
world not our skinning but it says up to
80% off no one cares about books anymore
if I could think of a book that I wanted
I would go in there and shop right now
also this clothing store fucking sucks
look at the disparity you put a 5:22
Goldeen I put a 2050 for laparis you
love to feel that a playground Space
Needle you'll have to heal that up no
one's going to take it ever we could
keep this fucking gym for like days who
comes here who comes here all my
motherfucking God the blow-up balls that
you can get in and jump around and roll
around and be an idiot oh my god this is
a boys want to do this it's not fair I'm
assuming oh that is so cool I don't
think it's good for my boobs right now
though look it's it's like an orange
squeezing machine there's an orange in
here look at this orange look at it and
then and then it comes out can we do
this it takes a card right it's like
Japanese snacks
huh
lot of service I want orange juice black
there's almond things
on to crush
you want to get it whole cookies and
cream do you want to get something black
chocolate is black chocolate toy store
look this Darth Vader and family this is
hilarious it's like it's like Darth
Vader being a good dad fear the walking
dead I don't know this is minecraft shit
a lot of Minecraft I like the spider I'm
not gonna lie I would buy that you know
the pics cute to look at the spider is
huge what to do
does it do something I don't think so I
think it's just really cuddly I want to
buy it
what's behind it oh my god it's aghast
look it's the periodic table of
Minecraft this is so cool I have to show
the shit's it's a new guy it's gonna
love it
coins Luigi they have a link to like I
forget link so they get link I'm gonna
get link in a coin but I don't know how
to make the coin work oh oh it's awesome
mr. Jim
Kawai cubes so cute oh my god I love it
it's playing the music here I love the
stuffed animal sections so awesome this
is like a really good toy store oh my
god
it's an r2d2 and it's really big like
this is my hand and this is it I wonder
what he does one of my lot of the shit I
already have the coin already holding
the coin I'm gonna buy but oh my god you
get to do too long how you would have
your helmet if you were a stormtrooper
or a clone
I like it I want to get that Supergirl
her she looks weird superhero girls
Supergirl photo super super hero girls
because there's more superhero
Batgirl or bad girl play foam it's foam
they stick together look at this it's a
chalk pencil a motherfucking chalk
pencil and you get a few different
colors to stick inside the pencil and a
working eraser oh my god that's the
coolest thing I've ever seen in my
entire life
holy shit dude kids have it good to
these fucking days Jay's like freaking
out because this is like not a complete
turtle and he doesn't understand he
doesn't understand why this is a toy how
do you play oh it's a piggy bank oh it's
a piggy bank erections
I just like 50% off duh or something
what are you doing
no wonder not like thinking what did he
say I've never seen this one before so
I'm getting in I collect these very cute
very very cute take my word for it if
you don't agree it is a pok√©mon puzzle
tin that's really cool how high-quality
is it they're saying that the
Stormtrooper up there is $200 I'm sad
now this bad man always - yeah Batman
and Superman over there okay these guys
are just asking to be raped what is this
what what is what is that where is his
penis what this is really cool you can
drop all of your old shoes in here and
they'll make it into like courts and
other shoes and stuff like that they'll
live on it says I mean they're free
which means with it well let me see
maybe they still do have the zero
it says barefoot ride I think it means
no socks no it feels like shit
oh no I think it's good J and I like
minimalist zero drop rang shoes because
it strengthens the arch of your foot
naturally and feels more like barefoot
running which is you know where we're
naturally predisposed to doing all right
so this shoe looks like something Freddy
Krueger made or something like what or
like homemade like I like Jason mask
what the hell is this shoe pay $70 for
the shoe what is this shoe like pieces
that they left over from something else
and like bandages they found makeshift
what all right guys I finally hear
Victoria's Secret and I am ready to try
on my first 36 double D which would be
the same as a 34 F pretty cool it's like
bone size higher than I used to be I'm
gonna try to enjoy
36d I wanted it to have less room over
here and to be less coverage so this
might actually be better because it just
fits tighter
or eating subway and we're finally done
I bought like a ton of fucking bras I
get the veggie patty you guys haven't
tried the veggie patty it's that way you
have to just say it's a really fucking
good kind of taste like meat and it's
much healthier you go vegetarians I'm so
annoying I want everything that I got
because some of the shit you didn't see
so we stopped by a hot topic I think it
was and I saw this adorable little r2d2
dress it's like a dress it says I love
r2d2 right here really fucking cute and
then my favorite dress of all time now
which I was just wearing before and I
don't know if I can one handedly on fuck
it up
hold on oh shit so fucking cute and it
fits like a fucking dream I think I
already got it dirty okay so it's like
this it looks like Totoro and then at
the bottom you can see there's like
actually like Totoro and his little
buddies oh I fucking love this it's so
cute the next thing is the white version
of this now let's just go through all
the things that I got a Victoria's
Secret I spent a lot of money like a lot
more money than I should have but I will
never have to buy bras again which is
awesome so I found out that my natural
bra size would be 34 F which is one size
bigger than 34 double D which is what it
used to be so I went up about a cup size
what I'm wearing right now however now
bras are really complicated so just like
bear with me but what I'm wearing right
now is a 36d now um the bra cup goes up
slightly with the band size so a 34d
will be smaller in the cup then a 36 t
so I can wear a 36 double D but I like
it to be sexier and I like the cup to go
lower and fit a lot tighter so I'm
wearing a 30 60 so my not my actual cup
size it's a 34 F and I should be wearing
a 34 F or a 36 double D but the 36
double D has too much coverage so I
decided to go a little bit low lower in
order to make it tighter if that doesn't
make sense - it doesn't have to because
you're probably a guy let's see if I
stick Vlad over here
if I'll be able to show you to get on my
knees or something is that okay okay
sure this is like a bustier fits very
nicely this is a Victoria Secret pink
bra it's just a standard like black bra
with the pink cuff inside I got this
leopard little bra that I like a lot I
got it was like all the paper in here
and shit I got another one of the clip
in the front t-shirt bras this is no
this is actually like a different bro
what does it do oh this is one of those
bras that has like a billion different
straps so that you can like make any
kind of adjustment or whatever that's
one of those this which is one of the
sports bras that's really cool because
it has the lines right here I like that
um this one these are my favorite oh my
god so you put them on from the back and
you clip them in the front and these
allow me to wear those like really
really really like where the the strap
goes like down and you can see like side
boob and cleavage it allows me to have
like coverage and some actual support
while still um being it's extremely sexy
I love these I got two of these I got a
black one as well right here because
they're just like so fucking awesome I
already have one of these but it's like
a pushup
and it doesn't fit me or it didn't fit
me even before it like kind of made it
so that there was under boob popping out
of the bottom of the bra it's the exact
same color but it has no padding I've
got nothing with any padding because it
makes it feel way too bulky when I have
such fucking gigantic tits so this is
just a lightly lined not even push up e
little charcoal looking bra and you
might have seen a bra that looks exactly
like that and that's because I have one
that's almost exactly like that and this
is a another sports bra and that's why I
got the two tank tops I got some body
lotion and body oil I don't know just
like fucking free shit
hopefully it's you know cruelty free I'm
not sure about that um I also because J
went to adidas and he also went to Nike
as I was showing you he got the Nike
shoes he actually bought those shoes I
got us some just like running pants I
got one in pink and J got shorts he's
wearing a pair of shorts right now more
shorts
more fucking pants that he is going to
wear work out because I usually like
steal these and there's my other pair to
go I have a purple and a pink there and
then he's got a red one yeah cuz he
really likes these for working out and
he works out like almost every day
obviously like I do but I always still
steal his so he won't have a bunch of
different pairs just in case I steal
them and then I ended up getting my own
pair so I'm just delivering alright so I
got this bear I'm very confused about
what happened this bears name is Frankie
I got this bear when I bought the other
stuff from the toy store because I could
it was only like five dollars if I spent
more than fifteen dollars and they were
like oh you can donate this to charity
or you can keep it for yourself and I'm
like I'm not too much to donating to non
animal based charities so I'm gonna keep
them and take them home paid me if you
want I'll go fuck I would rather have
teddy bears that have some kid have a
teddy bear what's that shit probably
wouldn't even love it as much as me
anyway and the other two things I got
you can hear it I got us a toy store the
fucking coin the Mario coin and then I
don't have this one
so I bought this one there was another
one I saw that I didn't have but I
forgot to buy it I collect these big
eyed Birds slash owls slash whatever the
fuck and this is really cute and I
didn't have that one so I think that's
it yeah I got the two dresses from
on-topic
I got a bunch of stuff like I smell like
$600 today I should not have done that
I'm trying to save for my move and
everything but I really needed a bunch
of bras and I was like fuck it my
birthday is next month and I'm going to
fuck and splurge on myself finally this
is the end of the actual video like the
video subscribe to the channel if you
enjoyed and oh this is my last bra that
I got yeah I'm wearing one of them I
love you guys thank you so much
waaah thanks for watching and I'll see
you in the next video hope you enjoyed
these like out about fucking vlogs
because they're fun to do sometimes
sometimes they're annoying but today it
was fun to do bye guys
