hey guys welcome to my first F&M back I
am so happy to be back Earl it's just
fucking doing this but a note on this
bra so I went bra shopping at Victoria's
Secret and I wanted to buy one more
t-shirt bra because it was like buy one
get fifty percent off of a giant or
whatever the fuck right and so I pull
another one out of the right size like
drawer and I don't realize it has these
weird straps on it I don't know if I'm
supposed to cut these off or what but
Jay finds things like this extremely
attractive so I decided to just keep it
now I'm wearing it it's a very it's a
very nice underwire bra with with a good
amount of support so why not right
hopefully for you more OCD people it
doesn't distract you too much I feel
like this would distract me especially
if I just like went on the video didn't
say anything about it you're like what
the fuck is on her bra that's some kind
of like surgery recovery apparatus no
it's not it's apparently just something
that looks cool alright guys let's get
into it the last winner of the fnm
giveaway it was Adam see AKA derpy
muffin hooves oh I love you Adam you're
so fucking amazing congratulations for
winning I haven't yet found out what you
want that's because I just haven't
gotten caught up with all of my discord
messages which is where I told you about
it but I will be getting you your prize
ASAP love you Adam anyway if you guys
want to sign up for this week's Friday
night mail giveaway link will be in the
description as always you'll get to
choose between an autographed image a
piece of merch of your choice or a steam
game of your choice I love giving back
to you guys who support me so fucking
much so definitely sign up maybe you'll
be the one winning this week anyway we
have a question we have a question look
at my new fucking phone cover if you
didn't see it in my Tara Reid's comments
oh my god it's so fucking cute is it not
it's like a pink Totoro and it's
gigantic like this is the size of my
phone I have an iphone 6 plus I'm just
so in love with that Jay thinks it's
like way too much and ridiculous but I
just I can't get enough of it it's
fucking amazing I also got a few others
if you didn't see on Instagram you
should check it out instagram.com / tara
babcock or at tara babcock on instagram
whatever anyway so Brandon Beamish asks
a question for F&M if you could live
through a century in time besides the
correct 21st century and its entire a
hundred year span with a non aging body
or at the very least with a lifespan so
vast that a century of time would be
negligible what century would you live
through century of the first millennium
in the 11th century or even as far back
as bc ii era the viewers must know
oh haha I know overly detailed but it's
an interesting thought experiment keep
up the great work beautiful and stay
awesome Thank You Brandon oh this is so
hard though because I don't know if I
would want to go forward in time because
I feel like how technology and society
will advance is very interesting to me
but at the same time I would want to go
back and experience all the times when
women weren't is free or when philosophy
or being a philosopher was actually like
a job description and you could just
like think up the most obvious things
that are obvious to me but still not
obvious to the rest of society and speak
them freely and then like have a job
doing that or like inventors like back
in the day when we didn't have
telephones and the means of
communication was so limited or I don't
know maybe I would want to live through
if I was immune to it like the bubonic
plague or like when there were lepers
running around everywhere or when plague
doctors had the masks I think I would
want to do ezio's time zone like the
assassins creed SEO trilogy time zone
back in Italy and I don't know
experience all that I don't know why but
something about that like I've always
wanted to go to Italy I hate traveling
but I've always wanted to go to Italy
just so I could be like I climbed that
Assassin's Creed I don't know what I
would want to do like seriously there
are so many things i would like to
experience just to expand my own mind
but maybe it would be fun to try to live
in a prehistoric time where i have to
scavenge for food where I'm one of the
only if not the only current modern
humans i have no idea i can't say
definitively because i feel like any era
that you put me in i would gain
something from that and it would be very
interesting to me but i don't know which
one I would want to live in and I would
have to know the stipulations like in my
immune to death maybe I would want to go
back to World War 1 or World War to
stick me anywhere but here and I would
probably find it interesting so what do
you guys think which era would you live
through a hundred years of time which
century and why post in the comments
this is very interesting alright without
further ado let's get into these
packages I am a little bit behind and
packages so if you don't see yours it's
probably going to be opened at some
point I open everything so do not fear
your package will be here oh I'm so
excited about this who got me this oh I
don't see the winner is the giveaway he
got me my pics lady done oh yeah this is
a Minecraft done I didn't even know that
I just saw that it was like a pixelated
gun that was pink and I was like this is
the cutest thing in the whole entire
world reminds me of persona
it's not really a gun at City Volker
Thank You Adam this is awesome whoo next
we've got this little package got to be
a plushie twenty percent I think this is
my second meu of this size so cute I
don't know about me my second mu but
thank you so much you can never have a
net like the thing about me is like if I
get a duplicate of a stuffed animal I
cherish you just as much as the other
one because i like having duplicates of
things like I just want my whole world
to be filled with my favorite plushies &
mu is my favorite fucking Pokemon so
thank you whoever got this for me so
cute this is like literally the cutest
one oh my god i remember i think it was
demi they got me the other one and she
was like oh and i'm sad because someone
got you a bigger mirror and I'm like no
those smaller one is so much cuter and
now she's got a brother hmm thank you
there you go alright we've got this
let's open it oh did did no work there
oh is this a dude's the jigglypuff hat
yeah it's a little hot in here but I'm
gonna wear it anyway because way too
cute even got this for me through twitch
so thank you so much Eva you're so
gorgeous I'll be putting her links in
the description you guys should follow
her she is fucking hot and she's a gamer
so as always want to help my friends out
especially friends who get me a
Jigglypuff fucking hats because this is
so cute perfect color too but obviously
cuz Jigglypuff thank you baby girl so
one of my merch shirts that's right I
have to send this out to someone who
couldn't get it sent to her country
that's not a present for me I can't keep
it baby girl your merchants coming soon
though oh yeah ok ok ok oh my god no way
it's the Vans black box of matches my
peach shoes this is so awesome why why
why was there no fucking card in the bag
I'm so mad now whoever got me this
you're a fucking badass and this is just
amazing I tend to wear backpacks instead
of purses usually especially when I play
magic and this is like the perfect bag
because it'll match my shoes like holy
crap it's like a legit school size
backpack too so cute thank you what do
we have here no fucking way TMNT out of
the shadows on blu-ray and it has all
the turtle masks oh my god reversible
turtle masks all four colors oh we have
to try these on this this is amazing we
got to go with Rafael for the video
though this is the best extra I've ever
seen come with a blu-ray movie like oh
my god so there's two masks and each
mask has two colors sears blue purple
one and here is the yellow and red one
okay here we go why am I tying a bow I
do not need to tie a bow oh my god this
is hilarious I fucking love it thank you
so much thank you so much Sean this is
an amazing gift oh this is definitely
the best blu-ray movie I've ever gotten
that's for sure hell fucking yes Sean
always coming through man Sean be the
man you see what is this what is it a
Pikachu top oh it's a Pikachu halter top
the longest like what the hell how do I
put this on so I have to like lace it up
in the back but I don't feel like I
should be trying to lay something like
this so we're just gonna do the next
best thing we're gonna wear it as a
Pikachu cape what's going on here okay
we're gonna wear it as a Pikachu cape
I'm sorry I will fucking take Instagram
pictures in this whoever sent this to me
i don't know because it's from china
thank you so much for the big to cape /
halter top that is gonna look so good as
an under boob shirt i can make the
biggest bow ever in history so it's
supposed to look like this supposed to
be like Pikachu titties and stuff I'm
getting all tangled up in it whatever
it's fine alright I'm a hot mess but we
have a letter and I fucking love letters
I love love letters oh she sent me a
sexy Polaroid nice boobs girl I don't
know if I can
show you this so I'm going to read a
message first Tara ha yo howdy my mask
is becoming undone thank you for your
support you're truly amazing also I'm
sorry for the cringe fanboy circle jerk
but seriously thank you for teaching me
to stop being such a baby worried of how
people perceive me you've helped me a
fuckload of self-esteem which in turn
has helped my content I finally feel
less fearful to stream to create sorry
so fucking lame anyway think so here are
some boobs thank you again for
everything love you daisy boobies for me
this is so cute i love it thank you baby
girl and yeah fuck what other people say
you just do you hey I'm not supposed to
be doing things as hard as pulling this
yet someone composers for me oh I'm not
supposed to be doing this my boobs are
bottoming out as we speak and out to get
like 10 more surgeries to fix what I've
just done thanks whoever sent me this
god they're better at least be a note
hey Tara enjoy your new Jumblies and
maybe this gift to sincerely isyss what
is this oh it's the 8-bit bouquet of
flowers that look at all 8-bit oh I
can't wait thank you I assist you to not
have to do this oh my god you're so
sweet this is so cute Oh 8-bit flowers
how do I ok so I just put these in a
vase a bog how do I put this ok so it
goes it just actually goes into the slot
and there are my 8-bit flowers this is
awesome and then you stick this to the
back of it to make it stand up I guess I
don't know I feel like I just want to
stick this to the wall or maybe I do
want to make it stand up because it
really looks super 8 bit like I edited
this in like I'm looking at the video
footage and it just looks amazing thank
you eyes to this is also smells like gas
why does it smell like gas
not really flowers fooled ya oh these
are so cute i love them so much thank
you it totally looks like flowers like a
flat like a bait oh my god i love it so
much ah it's awesome all right out
fucking cock I not want to break my god
damn nails I just got them done so let's
just not do that but we've got three
more boxes oh shit you guys are so
amazing I've missed you and I come back
to this and it's just the most wonderful
enjoy your gift from Adam see enjoy your
gift from Adam see all right I have two
gifts from Adam see who is a God among
men this is the atom see edition of fat
Friday night mail because he was the
winner of the giveaway and the awesomest
person ever hey Bo oh fuck cock first
time I've actually cut myself at ceva
bleeds you're gonna bleed for me gunplay
for me baby oh it's bleeding a little
bit you guys see that I really need to
be more careful with the box cutter but
it's that whole like unless until it
happens to you and then you never learn
type situation Evan a bit bow that's all
I care about all right there we go 8-bit
Bo fucking Raphael mass and what is this
oh it's right headphones yeah I totally
forgot about this I put a bunch of these
on my wish list because I wanted to put
my headphones on them and then hang them
on the wall and like really display my
headphones really nicely you can see I'm
like bleeding a little bit more now you
see it better yeah I'm licking my wounds
you know that's the way you heal thank
you I wish I had my headset with me now
I hope you guys enjoy my outfit today
it's very it's very awesome all right
this one's a little bit heavy it's from
cool Japan hobby market all item is
Japan quality I don't know that's good
or bad is Japan quality good or bad you
guys I'm assuming since it comes from
Japan then they you know think it's a
good quality because they're not just
like y'all Japanese people just suck ass
Newman oh this is the thing I force
rubber tongue to buy me oh yes okay this
is one of my wishlist for ages and i
love lamps and things like this because
i can put them behind me when i stream
dear auntie Mae the lights guide you
this is the fucking cat to our room lamp
and the fucking pawn Barry room lamp oh
I'm so excited get them open this looks
like a soldier but it doesn't look like
zakar cloud but he's definitely wearing
the soldier the fucking soldier gear
that's cool final fantasy trading card
game in Japanese I'm so excited good boy
rubber tongue I can't wait to open it so
let's open it out these aren't very
heavy I would think there would be a lot
heavier but they're like not heavy at
all oh so cute all right so it takes
batteries hopefully not awful batteries
and this is from final fantasy 14 online
which I never played because I don't
care about the MMO versions this is also
from final fantasy 14 it's like the the
stuff you can get from the collectors
edition oh my god he is way bigger than
I thought he was here oh what a cute
little town baby I cannot wait to light
these up like oh my god I'm so excited
to like these up good boy rubber tongue
like seriously holy shit I've been wine
this for like over a year oh this is
heavy oh my god are you fucking kidding
me more Nintendo bands oh it's like if I
put them on the wish list I will get
them one hundred percent this is
ridiculous alright let's see which ones
we got this time oh my god oh the retro
NES ones with the high tops or like high
tops this is so cute of course they also
say game over on the bottoms awesome and
we've got oh these ones I'm really
excited about okay we're just going to
put this away so don't hurt myself again
the slip ons oh I hope these fit I was
really excited about these because I
like slip-on shoes a lot oh my god they
fit perfectly ah I wasn't sure if I
could actually just convert men's sizes
two women sizes but it looks like I can
cuz it looks like they fit perfectly oh
my god I'm in love thank you so much who
ever said this to me like what the fuck
why doesn't it tell me i love you guys
so much this has been amazing i'm
wearing a backpack and an 8-bit bow with
a weird bra and a fucking a ninja turtle
fucking mask and then i've got like this
like thing that I'm supposed to lace up
but I'm too fucking lazy / and able
right now you guys are so fuck
amazing thank you so much for everything
until next time stay awesome I'm just
not going to go on a crybaby vintage
this time and tell you how much I love
you because you guys fucking know you're
amazing you're awesome Thank You Sean
thank you fucking Adam thank you
everyone days you guys are just so
amazing anyone who sent me anything or
thought about sending me anything or
just post it in the comments or watches
my videos supports the content supports
my message just anything you guys are
fucking awesome there I go on the baby
rant against oh yeah I'm just gonna stop
persona see you next week with another
fan service no see you next week with
another Friday night mail also don't
forget to sign up for the giveaway in
the description love you guys what
