hey guys welcome to new episode of Tara
Reid's comments I'm in fucking love with
my new fucking phone case I got a few
others if you want to see them I posted
them on Instagram but oh my god how cute
is this pink Totoro oh my god it's so
much bigger than my actual phone case
yes I do have a sexy bloody picture of
her win' from attack on Titan as my
background and he's grabbing his own
dick with a bloody hand and a perfect
man Oh anyway I had an amazing 2 weeks
off I feel so refreshed I was able to go
get my hair done I relaxed and played
tons of fucking games and it was just
nice to have a break even though I
missed you guys so much that being said
I did not know it was possible for me to
be happier but I am happier she's having
the time off to myself to play games and
catch up on things to spend time on the
couch and just chill with Jay it was
amazing
now let's go ahead and roast some
motherfuckers personally I don't like
the Botox lips look that's my opinion I
don't think there's anywhere in the
world that would like a look derived
from Botox being put into lips Botox
actually paralyzes muscles and it's used
to prevent wrinkles or stop wrinkles
from happening as well as to stop
migraines and other random medical
things but if you put Botox in your lips
like actually into your lips it would
kind of look like you had a stroke I
don't think anyone would like that look
that's just my opinion your pussy lips
flap in the wind this is a response to
my video how big it's too big and which
I stated that there isn't really a too
big needless to say he thinks that how
dangly your labia is has anything to do
with how loose your vagina is another
idiocy here is thinking how much sex you
have has anything to do with hawlucha
pussy is cuz it doesn't ah the virgin
who only has sex with one guy in her
entire life
but who got married with him and has sex
regularly well she has a loser pussy for
sure then the girl that had sex just as
many times but with thousands of men
nope it's all about your Anatomy the
vagina is meant to go back to its
natural shape that's how you can still
have sex after childbirth what a stupid
whore I don't I don't understand oh wait
he corrected it what a stupid fucking
whore I get it now I get it now
why would you learn to have sex in
school I go to school to further my
education on things that will help me
get a job like physics or calculus dumb
ass bitch I'm pretty sure less than 1%
of the world actually uses physics or
calculus in their jobs it happens but
not necessary for even a majority of
jobs sex
however everyone in the world has it and
I can give you STDs if you don't do it
properly and take care of yourself I
think that's actually more important
who's the dumbass bitch now I'm offended
but the same time not offended you're
speaking of perfectly natural things
that society may not accept however we
all live it or experience things along
these lines I find you very brave Queen
go back and can you explain how one can
be offended but not offended what thanks
for the compliment though I think don't
forget that only a mentally strong woman
can keep a man from wanting to stick
everything in mentally strong is not
synonymous with ugly as fuck
then do you love poop says poo fetish
and as pictures a guy with poop smeared
all over his face watch all the easily
triggered people get mad at him for
blackface before they realize that it's
actually poop you know I don't like poop
at all that's one of the things one of
the fetishes that I am not down with
probably everyone knows you can't avoid
tits but why would you want to do porn
that's a fuck sake you would be the
number one porn star in a few months
even higher than Lisa and plus you would
get huge amounts of money ok at risk of
sounding extremely conceited and without
any further explanation to exonerate
myself from the fact I'm gonna tell you
that I 100% agree with that and knowing
that knowing that I can make huge
amounts of money doing it as well as get
a lot of fame and attention but I still
don't doesn't that show you how much I
actually love doing what I do the gaming
the light comedy the light philosophy
talking to you guys and building a fan
base that's way more important to me
than any amount of money or fame in fact
I wouldn't want to get too much more
famous than I am now seems like a huge
hassle what's the difference between
Tara big cock blogs and a porn star that
porn star earns money by sucking Dee and
Tara not Lowell is he making fun of me
because when I sucked dick I don't earn
money doing it once again that just
shows the passion that I have for
sucking dick I'll do it for free great I
like watching a woman spread her legs
and pee into a kitchen sink how specific
space space space is awesome what I
probably agree with you but I'm not sure
besides being fat having acne is another
thing people try to hide and hope others
won't notice that hurts to mention -
wrong - but I'll let it slide like in
high school hey pizza face yeah
I used to have really really bad acne
and I still at some points do have
really really bad acne and it was so bad
at one point that like putting on makeup
would only like make it worse and this
is gonna be a serious response but to
all of you out there that are struggling
with acne issues most health insurance
companies will cover it and it is a
medical need don't be ashamed or feel
like you're being too vain if you want
to go ahead and get it fixed it's
uncomfortable it hurts and it can ruin
your social life don't be afraid to
improve yourself and if you're a
teenager ask your parents everyone
deserves to have the healthiest skin
they can possibly have and anyone that
thinks that it's weird that a teenager
has acne you're an idiot
at least you like things about yourself
I'm sorry Tyco do you need a hug what
are you like a bunny from five nights at
freddys or something
either way free hugs you kind of look
like my neighbor totoro
look at the whiskers so good oh so cute
next moving on it would suck to be the
smartest person in the world
I concur I'm not even that smart and I
feel like my level of intelligence is
kind of hard to bear I think it was
Nietzsche or maybe someone else maybe
Schopenhauer I don't remember I think it
was Nietzsche who said something along
the lines of and I'm definitely
paraphrasing here being intelligent is
the loneliest thing in the world to be
and I totally agree with that
I'm just looking around thinking like
what are these idiots with their petty
firstworldproblems who just enjoy
professionally being offended instead of
being happy with their lives the people
who jump on bandwagons willy-nilly and
just believe anything that anyone says
that's like most of the world why didn't
you show her your nipples go home'
pantheon you're drunk I don't like your
lips my opinion but you would like to
but they were slobbering on your knob I
just had to like that last comment great
sentiment I agree he probably wouldn't
hate them if they were slobbing on his
knob cuz I'm good god you're vain um
Geodude one two three man things in vain
well see the only reason I'm vain right
now is because I'm actually recovering
from surgery you know extra blood flow
to facilitate the healing but let's see
what else this guy has to say replying
to himself he says also the fact you
think anyone watches this to be educated
is completely diluted the only people
who watch this channel people who want
to jack off get real as if you're doing
anything but attempting corrupting with
this channel can't even how many more
times can you say the f-word
that's not ladylike behavior low
ladylike behavior
are we in the 20s like the 1920s you
know the time when feminism was actually
needed because instead of sentiments
like this being just stupid comments
that idiots would say it was actually
like a law yeah suck suck suck suck suck
suck suck suck suck suck suck suck suck
suck suck suck suck suck suck suck suck
suck suck suck suck suck suck suck suck
suck suck suck suck suck suck suck suck
suck suck suck suck suck suck suck suck
that's how many more times I can say it
without getting winded did anyone keep
count let this guy know quote and I
don't even fuckin like unto you so
they're gonna be like my new favorite
short shorts this is exactly why I Tara
it's so great because she just says the
shit that an average person wouldn't say
no I didn't say the word normal because
my normal is probably way different from
Tara's normal Thank You Jordan Henderson
I loved this comment I love when people
quote the things that I say or that's
something that I say makes them laugh
that's amazing to me that's one of the
reasons why I even make content and it
makes me smile as much as I can possibly
smile right now I'm just that's
wonderful I wish more people could be
unapologetically them that is my one
wish for Humanity right now and for the
last comment we have a question flux you
asks are you okay or is it a turn-off if
you date a man who was attracted to
transsexual transgender pre-op or
post-op and hermaphrodite women but he
doesn't like men I honestly feel like
dating a bisexual like fully bisexual
man would be a completely fine like a
man who does like other men and since I
like chicks with dicks I would totally
have no problem with calling post-op
women women like GG gorgeous Blair white
I have so much respect for them and find
them so attractive but that would
actually probably be a plus definitely
don't know wrong with it no all right
guys I hope you enjoyed my first video
back I'm so excited to be back oh my god
I'm so happy I've missed you guys so
much I feel refreshed I feel ready to
fucking go and I am just excited about
everything check my Instagram if you
want to see more pictures of Xenu babies
they are still healing so this is 100%
the final look I also still have tape
around my nipples and underneath my
breasts like I'm so happy with them so
far oh my god I'm gonna have a full
comprehensive surgery video where I talk
about everything and I show you the
befores the after is how I get ready and
stuff like that so I'm gonna keep this
short but I just want to let you guys
know I recovered great everything went
perfect and I am more than happy to be
back but I also had a great fucking two
weeks off playing tons of games and just
relaxing it was really
I hope you guys enjoyed the videos that
I had prepared for you while I was gone
I wanted to make it feel like I wasn't
gone but I did end up not uploading a
few days on the gaming channel just
because I didn't feel like I wanted to
set up and do a lot of editing so I'm
sorry about that
from now on everything should be
completely normal again I hope to create
even better content for you guys better
fanservice Friday's on patreon and
sexier pictures on Instagram I love you
so much thank you so much for watching
please post in the comments anything you
want to say even if you think it might
end up on Tara Reid's comments or even
if it's too nice for Terri its comments
cuz I read almost every comment ma
thanks for watching guys
see you in two weeks for the new Terri
its comments
