hey guys and welcome to this month's
Instagram Q&A this month's theme was sex
questions every month is going to have a
different theme I asked you guys to ask
me any kind of sex question on this
Instagram post and you guys have some
pretty fucking good ones so let's just
get right the fuck into this I think
this is going to be really interesting
and if you want to suggest a type of
question or type a video to do for next
month's Instagram Q&A feel free to do so
in the comments I love hearing from you
guys
Bethany underscore gray asks is there
any difference with oral sex with your
fuller lips um I would say there's more
of a difference in kissing with fuller
lips but with any size lips you can
definitely give good oral sex on a man
if we're talking about a man doesn't
really make a difference with a girl I
don't think as long as you don't tighten
up your lips a lot of people have the
issue where when they're sucking dick or
when they're kissing they tighten up
their lips and that makes their lips
effectively feel thinner but it's
supposed to just be like a natural soft
comfortable thing that you do not
something where you like tense up and
like do some crazy stuff with your lips
so I would say it's probably more fun on
my end that I have full lips now rather
than it's necessary to give a good blow
job hopefully that helps witty with two
T's and two whys and an underscore at
the end says would you ever eat a man's
ass absolutely as long as he is hygienic
as fuck and has washed it before and
doesn't have a ton of hair down there I
would definitely be in I'm pretty much
into doing anything as long as it's not
directly like shit blood guitar asks hey
Nate by the way have you ever squirted
if so is it with a toy or hands no
squirting is actually like a porn
construct but more on that later I know
a lot of people disagree with that
especially women who say they have done
it but I simply don't believe in it and
there's scientific evidence that says
like most of it is pee anyway and the
female ejaculate present is miniscule
that's why it has the consistency of pee
and can even look and smell like pee
porn stars have said that you have to
drink a lot of water before a squirting
seen other porn stars have talked about
how it smelled a lot like pee and they
weren't even biased about it I think
Shannon Rose even talked about it once
my opinion is that it's pee why would
women ejaculate with such force like
they're peeing with very thin liquid all
over the place that doesn't make any
sense
I'm sure some women have thicker and
more prominent ejaculate that makes them
wetter or some women probably even have
a problem with incontinence while
they're coming when I have to pee it
actually makes
you feel more sexually aroused so it
kind of makes sense the two are combined
anyway moving on I'm sorry to all of you
women out there who think that you can
squirt or who believe in squirting and
to all the men whose bubbles I just
bursted squirting is sexy to men and
popular and porn because you actually
get to see the women enjoying and coming
whereas otherwise you just kind of have
to take their word for it try atkinson
underscore asks do you like it when a
guy comes on your face I do I am seven
seven seven asks where is the most
public place you performed sexual acts
in a crowded hot tub in a crowded pool I
actually have a story time video on it
called pool sex fail that I'll link in
the description if you want to watch it
Raptor Jesus post post asks have you
ever felt discomfort during the act
anytime a really big dick is pounding my
cervix yeah I feel pain but it's like
the good type of pain except the six
months that I had the Mirena IUD anytime
I did doggy style too roughly I would
get extreme cramps in my stomach an have
to stop a little bit and it was really
painful and really not fun it wasn't the
good kind of pain it was like my uterus
was contracting and imploding on itself
that's how it felt it was really awful
I'm so glad I'm rid of that thing it had
so many problems Captain Dom one asks
have you ever had sex in a car
yes multiple times it's not the best
thing but it's not bad definitely works
I would venture to say that it's better
than having sex in the shower most of
the time unless you have like a really
good setup in your shower that's for
having sex in the shower like some kind
of bench or places to put your hands 3x
hey OB asks something you've done to
flus a partner that you didn't like to
do and by the way you're awesome girl
dude you don't have to tell me that you
tell me that all the time you're fucking
awesome boy you guys don't know 3x he is
my BVD my favorite PVD so something I
did to please my partner that I didn't
like to do I mean honestly I don't think
there was really anything I can't think
of anything off the bat that I didn't
enjoy doing that I did just to please
someone hmm I don't know I feel like
there could definitely be things that
someone asks me to do that I don't
really like or that I've been different
about and then do it and I didn't really
like it but I don't know it hasn't
really been a thing like I've tried
giving like foot jobs and those didn't
like stimulate me sexually but they were
fun and it was sexy to try you know I'm
saying so I don't know I'm pretty open
about the stuff so I don't know nothing
Logan Corpse asks when was the first
time you watched porn do you remember
what it was yes I have a full video on
that it
entitled my first porn experience and it
was like bestiality with a horse if you
guys want to watch that story link will
be in the description Jesus Christ
lupus once asks what is your most taboo
fantasy I would say the rape fantasy
because that is the most taboo thing in
the world right now like people would
probably say that I'm brainwashed by the
patriarchy because I find that
attractive a lot of people would also
say that it is just a fantasy but I
honestly believe that if I could go
around and just have like a little card
that says you are free to rape me I
would give that to certain people and I
actually have been wanting to do a video
called rapists attractive where I talk
about the guys that like I don't really
want to fuck but if they ended up raping
me I wouldn't be like too sad about it
but then again in this society there's
no possible way for me to actually let
someone know that I would like them to
rape me without feeling like I just gave
them the okay and now we're doing
something that's like a fetish or
role-playing so yeah don't take your
chances because I carry weapons on me at
all times and if you happen to be one of
the people that I don't want raping me
you'll probably die Luke Anthony asks
would you ever be in a gangbang and how
many people would you do it with um yeah
I would be in a gangbang that would be
amazing as long as all the guys are
attractive or at least mildly attractive
I'd definitely be down to do it and the
amount of people it doesn't really
matter obviously at some point there's
so many guys that a lot of them are just
standing in the corner jerking off and
like that's hot to watch too so I don't
think I would put a limit on it to be
honest the first starfighter with
underscores all over the place asked did
you like titty fucking before or after
the implants I liked it with both Jay
really likes to do fucking he likes to
be fucking in porn so he tried to titty
fuck me before I had the implants and to
be honest it is just as hard with the
implants as it was before because with
real boobs real boobs will be like
they'll collapse and they're like made
of fat and like really really squishy so
they'll just collapse over the dick and
if you watch like porn with really
really big like natural tits which I
don't watch because I don't like it I
just kind of collapses over the dick and
my natural tests weren't tiny so I was
able to do this but with the fake tits
when I push on them especially because
right now they're saline they don't
collapse over it they're more fake so
it's just as easy and I liked it both
times
Lucas ones also asks have you ever found
a fans so attractive that you gave
serious thought to making fucking them
happen I like how he worded that I don't
know why I don't really consider people
fans as much as viewers like there are
people that I know in real
life that our viewers and I would say a
fan has to be someone that is idolizing
me so much that they put themselves on a
different social level than me and that
makes it kind of weird but as far as if
I found someone so attractive I would
want to have sex with them it wouldn't
matter if they were a fan I found a few
fans attractive but I don't really put
effort and stuff like that and
definitely if it happened and I was at
VidCon or something or III and someone
came up to me and they were super hot
yeah I would definitely do it nothing
about them being a fan would put a
damper on me wanting to do it if that
makes sense a lot of people are asking
me what my first time was like I also
have a story time about that I talked
about it in detail there so I would
rather you guys just watch that I'll
post that in the description as well
young underscore t boo asks what's the
funniest thing that happened to you
during sex PS put me in your video well
you're in oh yeah you am babe a girl
young T boo hit me up no I'm just
kidding but the funniest thing that
happened to me during sex I just made a
story time video about he went limp I'll
put that in the description if it's up
already if it's not it should be up
within the week so that is the funniest
thing that ever happened red asks how do
you deal with vaginal secretion he's
trawling me but yeah vaginal secretion
can be like a real problem I give you
aroused a lot and then you're wearing
panties that aren't white you end up
getting like the vaginal secretion that
you get when you're like you know lubing
yourself up for sex all over your
panties I just deal with that by washing
my panties I don't know I don't know
what else to say there it definitely
comes off it's not permanent Cheri wall
23 asks do you have sex on your period
if so do you like it I like sex on my
period but sometimes I can feel a little
crampy and weird J will not do it with
me but I've done it with other guys and
I was it's fine
I am not afraid or grossed out by blood
afraid of or grossed out by blood so I
don't have a problem with it I don't
have a problem with other girls in their
periods either but I am gonna make a sex
ed video about having sex on your period
and how not to make it messy and I'm
really excited about this video because
it gives alternatives to tampons safer
alternatives so stay tuned for that one
as well
I also the video on sex on her period
post that in the description oh my god I
have videos on most of these things
Mitali staad asks Tara what is your view
on sex workers would you ever have been
one I have nothing against sex workers
as I've said many times and I actually
have a video on prostitutes I think a
lot of people see it as you know
kind of degrading or whatever but I have
no problem with it being in the sex
industry is your choice
sometimes you're forced into it because
of low income or bad situations and that
sucks but choosing to do that says
nothing about you just because your
morals are different than someone else
or because your lifestyle is different
than someone else doesn't give you the
right to act high and mighty because you
think your choices are better everyone
thinks their choices are better everyone
thinks their morals are right and you
kind of have to look at things from
other people's perspective I mean think
about it if you like having sex a lot
don't really have a type and just like
having sex in general why would you not
become like a call girl as long as
you're wearing a condom and getting to
choose who you have sex with and you're
doing it of your own volition like I
don't understand why that would be an
issue the same with porn
I like watching porn I have nothing
against porn stars just because I would
never choose to be one and offer the
reasons that most people wouldn't choose
to be one if you haven't watched my
video on why I don't do porn link will
be in the description doesn't mean I
have the right or that I'm even willing
to put them down they probably aren't
into games and think that hanging out
with really rich old men is a lot more
fun than sitting in your living room
playing games and having like a moderate
income and titania asks have you ever
fucked a guy with a strap-on I would
really love to try this someday girl you
and me both I have not and I have always
wanted to try it but I would have to
find like an Asian guy with a little
penis who's super subservient and kind
of feminine we should double-team this
guy should we not genius let's fucking
do it now I'm interested the new guy
asks what is your roughest sex fantasy
well obviously the rape one I feel like
I would enjoy it anywhere from like just
a little bit of light bondage all the
way up to like some heavy torture that
would leave marks that I can't do
because I don't want marks on my body so
in a vacuum I think really really rough
torture sex would be awesome but we
don't live in a vacuum do we no no we
don't ari CR asks what are the first
things you masturbated with this is
funny but if you watch my video entitled
I masturbated to Eminem the first thing
I ever masturbated with was one of those
thick sharpies yep didn't have anything
else didn't really know that my fingers
were supposed to be on the clip prefered
the sharpie seditious underscore spike
asks can you feel it when a guy comes
inside you yes you can it actually feels
kind of good it's like a warm sensation
and like a shooting sensation that kind
of tingles and also hits your walls a
little bit
pretty cool I enjoy the feeling of a guy
coming inside me but I don't enjoy cream
pie or the fluids coming out of me when
I'm walking around all day and like
ruining my panties and feeling like I'm
just like peeing myself basically so I
don't usually let guys come inside even
though I'm on birth control well mainly
because I don't have sex with guys other
than J without a condom because that
just doesn't seem safe but I'm just not
really into the whole cream pie thing I
think it's kind of gross
Cooper underscore Fox underscore 99 asks
have you ever felt like eating cum like
you would any other edible substance yes
I have I always want like come on toast
cum in my protein shakes like that would
just be such a nice additive I want like
a hard-boiled egg with like cum drizzled
on top because I like hard-boiled eggs
with salt and I think like some salty
come on top would taste really good
it would be like Eggs Benedict but
better oh my god one of my weird things
about me is that I just totally love the
taste of salty come even rawr the
beautiful and illustrious Eva rawr asks
if you had to have a threesome with two
other youtubers who would they be
now I saw this way before filming this
video and I thought about it a lot and
my decision would be SS Sniper Wolf
because I've come to find her very very
attractive and I think she's adorable in
quirky even though she doesn't like fake
boobs and that makes me really sad she
called them quote unquote gross and
Jeremy Jones if you guys don't know who
Jeremy John says he reviews movies he's
pretty cool and funny guy and I think he
would be really good in bed not not
gonna lie I feel like Jeremy and I would
already be on this like level of
sexuality and then Leo would definitely
be a little bit more shy I'm assuming I
mean we both like hentai and we were
both into Vincent Valentines
so I'm assuming you could find some kind
of porn to watch together that would be
really fun but yeah that's my answer
Jeremy Jones ss Sniper Wolf let's do it
God now I want to do a girl girl and a
guy guy like two more guys and two more
girls and then me so if it was a boy boy
girl threesome where I'm the girl no
we're not gonna get into it we're not
gonna get into it I've said my piece
zinc 1a2 asks favorite thing about a
girl's body I really like the overall
aesthetic of a girl's body like when a
girl has like a really nice curve of her
waist down to her hips and her hips or
as wide as her bust and then her waist
is thinner and like the way she moves
and like
everything about a woman's body is just
like art to me it's like beautiful and
sometimes arousing very arousing art I
love big tits I love small waists
I love supple and squishy butts I just
there's a lot of things about women that
I love but I think the overall viscid is
what I find most attractive
Nahum Dyer asks is it possible for a
busty woman to make a guy come between
her big cleavage just by using her PEC
muscle control alone to jerk the guy's
cock if any busty woman could do that
that would be very impressive by her I
mean it depends on how easily a guy can
come I feel like there are guys that
like you just like show them your tits
and they can come right so I would say
you would have to be someone who's very
very aroused hasn't come for a while or
comes very easily for that to work I
don't think you can like Ripple the
inside of your chest muscles in such a
way that would actually emulate jerking
off so I'm gonna say no but possibly for
certain very special circumstances a
meal period August asks sex with either
a muscle alpha with small dick or a
scrawny beta with huge dick well a
scrawny beta with a huge dick would be
like Danny D and I'm not really
attracted to Danny D because he's so
skinny I would definitely say a muscled
guy because half of attraction is
aesthetics and how the guy acts and who
the guy is and the small penis I would
just end up working with unless it's
like a micro penis I can definitely get
off to like an average or a little bit
below average penis so that doesn't
really matter as much as his look
george'll Ted asks asked mouths have you
ever done it I have yes goo goo capetti
asks a threesome with famous people
who'd they be alright this is going to
be a boy boy girl threesome for sure we
are going with Ben Affleck and I don't
know which one of the other guys I want
it to be here let's just go with Chris
Evans dressed up as Captain America mmm
that would be a good threesome oh my god
but that Affleck is such a conquest for
me that I feel like I would want a
one-on-one with him as well so I would
be like yes to the threesome as long as
you want on one meal later
Pollack pussy AK asks what song or album
is your top music for fucking I like
Deftones and tulle type stuff for
fucking the most because it feels almost
sadistic the way that they sing and the
way that the music is kind of like a
mellower version of the metal that I
usually
listen to but I'm not opposed to any
kind of other metal I just want it to be
either sexy rock or like really heavy
metal Jakob period some bling asks have
you ever had lesbian sex yes many times
Callum underscore Harley underscore asks
length or girth both JLS underscore
master asks would you like to be in the
center of a bukkake circle yes that
sounds like a lot of fun actually
naturally underscore aah asks what are
your thoughts on chicks with dicks
that's just the best of both worlds I've
always wanted to have a hot chick with a
dick that would be so cool especially if
the dick wasn't like tiny because most
shemale seem to have like a really tiny
dick you go ailed bustled toe asks what
is your favorite bra I will be right
back
these Hollister bra let's are literally
my favorite things in the whole world I
can wear them like just a shirt and they
don't have any underwire support so it's
like really soft and really comfortable
and they're not push up because I don't
eat it because I have big tits but I
have like a hundred pairs of these in
all different colors and I wear them
almost every day I'm not wearing it
right now so I'm wearing my like part of
my Wonder Woman outfit but usually
you'll see me wearing those either as a
shirt or as an actual bra under a shirt
Leaton Daisy asks what are we seeing
hopefully right now whoo-hoo in all
seriousness so more of a compliment
thank you for being so open about
sexuality it's truly refreshing to meet
someone with a very similar stance as
myself plus who doesn't love beating
their cervix punched by dicks cervix
punching dicks are the best unite girl
and i underscore Steph asks do you watch
gay porn
I find gay porn where there's actual
intercourse into the anus to be a little
weird but I find the guys that do gay
porn to be way more attractive and I'll
often search for gay porn just for solo
day porn so they have like the really
really buff guys doing like amateur just
like masturbating alone I like that I
like watching guys masturbate so kind of
but not really is the answer to the
question
Insp build can't say that right do you
like wearing stripper heels and stuff in
bed during sex okay so I guess that
would be something that I've done for
someone I didn't really enjoy Jay asked
me to wear heels because he likes like a
naked girl in heels or shoes like even
sneakers and I didn't like it because
it's harder to move around and I also
ended up stepping on his foot at one
point and it was like totally awful I
was just like oh I'm sorry I don't know
but like I think that's one of the
things that I like and porn more than I
like doing myself because I just hate
heels in general I feel
so awkward and they make my legs look
super muscular and I don't like super
muscular legs so I don't know I would do
it for a guy and I would do it again and
try it again but it's not my favorite
thing
egon mario asks would you suck off a fan
of your channel for a special amount of
money no I would never do any kind of
sex act or anything that I didn't like
to do that would make me uncomfortable
for any amount of money I'm just I don't
have a price I just don't now I don't
have a price when I'm comfortable with
money I'm sure if there was a situation
in my life where I was very very very
poor or very very desperate and it
wasn't just like desperate for fame I
might do something I wouldn't like for
money and I would definitely have to do
a job I wouldn't like for money and I
wouldn't be opposed to doing something
like sucking dick for money because the
sucking dick is more fun than bagging
groceries but if I have any amount of
money and I'm able to make my rent and
I'm not desperate and I've never been
desperate in my life so I don't even
know how I would feel or if this would
be the case I at this moment in my life
and throughout my entire life I've never
had a price
I value my comforts so much more and
then any amount of extra superfluous
money that I could spend on like a car
or something stupid
m60 IRL asks how often do you have an
orgasm during sex I am one of the people
that can have multiple orgasms during
sex which is fucking awesome I have a
refractory period on my Clint but I do
not have a refractory period on the like
many multiple orgasms that I can have
through my vagina if that makes sense
alright and last question mhmd
underscore denial if you are kidnapped
by a group of hideous or maybe
normal-looking men but all the smaller
than regular sized penises would you
still feel horny to get fucked and suck
their ding-dong or definitely not
interested I mean they have smaller than
average penises and they're not
attractive or even hideous
no that wouldn't be fun as I've said
before I like the idea of being
kidnapped or raped but not by people I'm
not attracted to so it's not really
something I can venture out and just get
I can't just go out at night to a shady
place and hope that the person that
abducts me is attractive not all for
sexual encounters are equal alright guys
I hope you enjoyed this like the video
and subscribe if you did next month we
will have a new theme for the questions
you can be anything like literally I did
it would you rather I did a fuck marry
kill now we did sex questions we can do
philosophical questions we can do gaming
related questions just let me know what
kind of topic you want me to do
month I love you guys and remember
follow me on Instagram at Tara Babcock
or Instagram comm slash Tyra Babcock if
you want to be in on these q and A's
Instagram is my favorite social network
other than of course twitch and YouTube
and I would really appreciate you to
follow I love you guys so much and I
will see you in the next video mwah I
feel the need to say keep fuckin because
this was really a sex driven video it
was a lot of fun bye guys
