dude the weirdest thing just happened so
I had to make a fucking vlog just in
case I end up dying from fucking carbon
monoxide poisoning I want them to find
my Vlad Vlad in camera and upload this
and let people know that is my decree I
don't know what the fuck is going on
with my tits it looks really weird and
if you fit looks like there's like a I
don't know it's like my tan is rubbing
off who cares just ignore the tits today
if you possibly can anyway something
really weird happened uh we have a
little backstory here we have a really
really really obnoxious fucking fire
alarm in this building I live in an
apartment complex and randomly it will
just go off Blair's like you can't hear
fucking anything if you are at my last
drunk stream it went off while i was
drunk streaming and it was incredibly
fucking annoying but if you put in
headphones and turn up the volume to
like a hundred you know whatever the
fuck could turn it turn up all the way
you can't hear it so it kind of blocks
it out it's really nice but a lot of
people who will walk outside of the
apartment building and you're supposed
to this is protocol you're supposed to
come outside and go downstairs and wait
outside and then usually you'll see the
fire truck coming and occasionally they
do tests and the tests are like really
annoying they go off every 15 minutes
and it's testing every single apartment
building and then they come to your
apartment building and test and I don't
know when that fucking happens and I
also don't know when someone decides to
fucking overheat their ramen noodles and
have the fucking cops come here so it
happens a lot and it can be quite
obnoxious it's also happened like in the
middle of the night at 2am and stuff and
today when I was recording my videos it
went off and it would go off in like 15
minute intervals and I'm like oh my god
I have to fucking record these videos
and I'm like so stressed out right and
I'm like oh so I have to wait for it so
I wait 15 minutes then I record a video
and thankfully it never actually fell in
the middle of my video right but um this
was like at 3pm to 5pm this was
happening like in 15 minute intervals
like once in a while you know like every
half hour or something I wasn't as
straightforward as every half hour or
anything kind of structured so I was
like whatever I'll just ignore it when
when the alarm goes off I'm not like a
complete retard I don't just stay in the
apartment building and turn up my music
and like ignore everything that's going
on around me like billions of fucking
fired fucking flame pillars just coming
at my face or whatever and I just ignore
it
do that I actually go out into the
hallway I see everyone's leaving I look
back and forth I smell I'm like looking
for any kind of like smell of smoke I
look outside on the balcony and I
checked the whole house if nothing's
going on around my apartment building or
in my apartment building I just go back
to work usually because it there was a
point when we first moved in where it
happened so often it was like all the
fucking time well 1030pm rolls around
and I'm working on game release news and
trying to get done so I can go play some
fucking second alyssum darkest dungeon
on the couch with Jay right and I'm like
working my ass off and I take my
headphones out because I'm in the stage
where I'm just like doing the photo
shopping in of the like titles of the
games and stuff so I don't need to like
listen to myself talk in the video
anymore so I have my earphones they're
just like blaring some likely of a god
or something and I the song finishes and
I realized that the fucking alarms going
off again and i'm looking at J & JS like
ignoring it because clearly he's heard
it and it's been like a half hour and so
I go back to work and I put my
headphones back in and I turn up the
music even louder and I'm like okay
whatever I'm just gonna fucking deal
with this and another half hour rolls by
and it's been like over an hour that has
been going off and it stops like for a
minute like literally a minute and then
goes back on it starts again and it's
it's really loud like louder than any
fire alarm I've ever heard in my entire
life at my parents house at other
apartment buildings it's the loudest
thing in the world and we apparently
have four in here so it's like four
times the obnoxious fucking noise but
I'm just like whatever hopefully it
stops soon is probably some kind of
emergency and Jays like someone's
knocking on the door and I'm quite so
knocked on the door so I go to the door
and I look in the people because there's
no fucking way at ten thirty at night
I'm going to be opening my goddamn door
for like some Rando and I see that all I
see is the chest piece with like a GoPro
on it and it says security and I'm like
what the hell is going on so I opened
the door and its security it's just like
big huge buff / fat can't really tell us
he's wearing like a whole like outfit
that you would see someone that's a cop
we're like one of those big that you
know like the fucking what's called
bulletproof vests it like makes him look
bulkier and he's like this asian guy and
he's like what's going on here are you
okay and I'm like what and he's like oh
my god I thought you were dead and I'm
like why and then he he's like can I
commit him like sure and he's like
you're the only alarm that's going off
in the whole building it's just you I'm
like
just me like it's just our apartment
like I was so flabbergasted why he's
coming to my door and why he's asking me
if I'm okay and so he is like looking
right I just really know what to do he
doesn't see any fire he's asking me if
we're using the heaters were not he's
asking me if I'm making some food were
not he's asking me like all these
questions relating to fire he's like is
there a fire and then he's getting a
call I'm sorry my fucking thing stopped
recording cuz I hit the button he's
getting a call from the cops and the
cops are like what's going on here and
he's like oh there's nothing going on
there's no fire we don't know we don't
think its carbon dioxide but it might be
our carbon monoxide I forget which one
of them is like good for us the other is
good for plants and that's how we
coexist you know but um i'm thinking
like at this point like I'm thinking
about carbon monoxide / dioxide
whichever it is and I'm starting to get
woozy because I'm a fucking
hypochondriac and if someone tells me
that I'm supposed to be woozy I start
getting woozy and i have a headache
right now and i have no idea if it's
because there's actually something in
the house that's creating this problem
or not and it's just like going off the
whole time he and I are standing here in
my living room and he's like I see that
you have a kid is he awake I'm like what
and I look around in my house is full of
plushies & toys and like EV slippers and
I'm like oh I don't have a kid that's my
stuff and he's like okay kid at heart or
whatever and like you know I don't know
if he thought I was cool if she thought
I was fucking crazy but I have so many
toys it does I I stepped back and looked
at my life and realized that it does
look like I have a fucking kid but I
don't so um uh he's just like doesn't
know what to do and then all of a sudden
this other guy walks up to the door and
this guy I've seen around our apartment
complex many times Jay has had a bunch
of interactions with him he's like the
nicest guy I've literally ever like met
in my entire life and he doesn't come
off as fake nice I'm sure he has that
fucking inner deviant inside of him like
every man does but he comes off as so
like genuinely nice but I've never
talked to him Jo his talks to him and
every time we see him out walking his
dog uh he's like hey JD says hi to Jay
but isn't really say hi to me because we
had never really officially met I'm kind
of anti-social when someone talks to me
unless I have a reason to be talking to
them or when someone talks to Jay I just
kind of like stay out of it and I'm like
okay human being stopped talking to me
and there was this time where Jay and I
were moving we were like we saw him at
the office working because he works here
right and then later we saw him in plain
clothes like leaving or bringing in
groceries and Jay was like oh you live
here too and had a nice conversation
with him so ever since then when he sees
him walking the dog which we saw him do
earlier today on the way walking to go
get food he'll always say hi to him and
stuff so today she walks up to the door
while I'm talking to the security guard
and he's like is everything okay here
and I'm like did I like bother you from
your apartment he's like oh no I was out
walking my dog and I'm like okay and
he's like I don't know like do you want
me to change all of the fire alarms and
I'm like yeah sure and at that point it
had stopped making noise because we
opened the doors now imagine like not
knowing what the fuck is going on and
then a fire alarm stops because you open
the doors and allow a bunch of like
really really cold air to come in
because it's been raining today and so
I'm thinking oh my god this is carbon
dioxide / monoxide we're gonna die oh my
god um obviously I'm not being as
dramatic I don't even like you know show
signs of me thinking oh my god this has
got to be carbon d /em or whatever but
um he's so you change a starts changing
them and once he changes one the rest of
them go off and at during this time he's
talking to me and he's being really
sweet knees you know remarking on the
fact that you used to play league of
legends and Jays in the other room like
completely being antisocial now just
playing league of legends with
headphones and doesn't even recognize
what is going on or that it's the person
that we usually see when we're walking
around you know the apartment complex
and he brings up that um he was talking
to me and he's like do you stream to you
whatever because I have like my laptop
over there for recording and you know
clearly i'm editing a video and jazz
playing league and I'm like oh yeah I'm
a youtuber and I also stream and he's
like oh it just clicked with me there
was this like maintenance guy who plays
a lot of games and he was talking about
how it's so cool if there's a youtuber
living here and I'm like all second time
in one day that I get recognized when I
don't fucking get recognized like ever
like nobody knows who the fuck I am
they're just like that's a girl cool or
maybe people just don't act like they
know who I am also say hi to Freddy
fazbear
and torial from undertale this is from
five nights at Freddy's I also have like
tons of plushies in here but anyway so
um he fixes all the things and it hasn't
gone off sense but I have had the
balcony door over there open on the
entire time and Jay has the fucking
window open so yeah I just thought it
would tell that random not that
interesting story because I don't ever
have anything happened to me okay and
something happened to me so I decided to
tell it also i need more videos for the
time that i'm gonna be on down time for
the bb's so yeah it was very interesting
how people are showing up at my door
being like are you okay did you die and
I'm like I didn't know it was just us I
thought it was just a fucking big being
obnoxious and he was like the guy his
name is Chris not the security guard at
the guy who actually works here at the
apartment complex he's like you know you
could have called maintenance and I'm
like well I thought it was just like
everyone and he's like yeah but it's
been like an hour or something like that
he said and I'm like yeah that was
probably a probably a good idea just
seemed like more hassle than not and I
was trying to get this fucking video
done so whatever but yeah so next time
I'm probably gonna call because you know
it's not probably um it's probably not a
good idea to just let it go on and on
and on you know and if you don't I
didn't even check to see if anyone was
outside like you know they usually line
up outside like I said or they get in
their cars and they drive out because
it's like either a drill or someone
who's actually started a fire in the
apartment and it's happening for
everyone but I don't think there was
anyone outside ever it was just you know
it was weird it was like people didn't
hear it and I didn't really realize
because I wasn't paying attention also I
don't have a gas stove and I haven't
used the heater for quite a while so I
can't imagine it being carbon dioxide /
monoxide but like it's really weird that
like what they just the fire alarm just
got so old that it decided to
malfunction in such a serious way and
now I'm thinking that the alarm going
off off and on during my drunk stream
like a few weeks ago I'm thinking that
that was the same malfunction or
whatever and I didn't die then so you
know I'll just air out the place and
hopefully nothing bad happens but yeah I
like to do subscribe to the channel if
you enjoy have you ever had any crazy
fucking weird shit happen like this
where your alarm is going crazy and you
don't know what the fuck is going on
have you had any run-ins with carbon
monoxide / dioxide also you can go ahead
and correct me in the comments whether
or not it's monoxide or dioxide and how
annoyed you are that I don't know
fucking anything about science so yeah
or elements or anything like that or
even how our bodies work I don't know I
know how our bodies reproduce mm-hmm
anyway let's take the fucking picture
all right I don't even know what I'm
gonna name this like what am I going to
name this vlog you know whatever
something interesting happened dot dot
dot and then you know that'll be like
the biggest clickbait in the world but
everyone else does it so bye guys love
you to do
