hey guys I got everything set up to do
my vlog over there with my good setup
and I'm like you know what
I'm digging this light so much I'm gonna
come do it over here I took like 50
selfies before this but anyway today
we're gonna talk about dealing with true
hates know what is true hate true hate
is when someone says something and you
actually agree with it and you're like
fuck I actually feel that way about
myself as well and I feel like I've
talked a lot about dealing with hate
that in general where you're just like
either that doesn't apply to me and I
love myself so fuck you it doesn't
affect me that you said that or I like
that about myself and I disagree that
it's a bad trait something like Oh your
lips look too fake or something but how
exactly do you deal with being triggered
and for lack of a better word because I
feel like triggered is like a derogatory
term now where it's like oh you're
triggered and you're just using your
emotions rather than any logic or
rationale and stuff like that like
that's how I feel triggered is used
right now what I mean by triggered is
like something that actually hurts you
something that you're sensitive about
you know and like not unjustly so I'm
like not trying to talk shit about you
but um what happens when let's use I
actually have three things right now two
things that just started for me that I
don't like about myself that if someone
said it it would be like you know okay
whatever
like normal people would probably if
they say if someone said it about them
they would like freak out right but for
me I have certain mechanisms to protect
against that and I also don't kind of
understand why that's such a big deal
like you already know that you're
overweight and for me overweight is one
of the things like my weight is one of
the things that I've struggled with and
I don't get a lot of hate on it because
today's society is like oh my god it's
so hot to be thick and I'm kind of just
more on the thick side than I am on the
actual like overweight side but for me
it's something that I don't like it's
something that I'm trying to improve and
I feel like one of the ways to not be
affected by stuff like that is to be
trying to improve it because it makes
you know that down the line you're gonna
be better that it's not going to affect
you as much and that's one way to just
take something bad and make it into
something exciting you know and I really
enjoy using this method in order to not
feel bad when someone says that I'm fat
or ever there was actually
video that I posted recently where I
unboxed my new gaming chair in the
beginning of the game and chair video I
like popped out of the box and you could
see like a really unflattering version
of my body I might post that in the
video if I decide to do more editing of
this video but and I'm also really sorry
about the sounds outside I'm sitting
next to my door open and there's like
buses and shit so I apologize for that
but anyway like that didn't hurt me
because I know what I actually looked
like and I know that that problem is
there and I know that I'm trying to fix
it and it's exciting to fix that you
know like I really enjoy working toward
a fix for that so I enjoy going to the
gym I enjoy working out I enjoy seeing
the improvement in my body and that's my
own personal struggle and if someone
says that it's like who cares what your
perception is you might think I'm less
fat than I think I am you might think
I'm more fat than I think I am and it
doesn't matter what you think you know I
think the reason that this bothers so
many people that you know other people
noticing that they have a flaw that they
agree with it's because I feel like a
lot of people try so hard to hide it
like they know it about themselves but
they're kind of in denial about it like
for instance someone who's overweight
we're just gonna keep using that example
because people a lot of people are
overweight these days a lot of people
are obese especially in America uh so
they kind of know it but they wear baggy
shirts to try to hide it or they hope
that people would never be so rude as to
mention it because you know they're
hurting always about it but if it's not
brought up then they don't have to feel
that like like striking pain like oh my
god we're talking about my weight like
they would if someone brought it up or
if they're thinking about it and it's in
their mind right then you know like when
you feel like there's something wrong
with you or it's something about you
you're not happy about you can often
forget about that thing by just going
about your daily life and not thinking
about it you know and then when it's
brought to the forefront it's more
painful but um so I think a lot of
people get hurt and offended when they
hear that because they're trying to hide
it and they're hoping other people don't
notice it and in hoping other people
don't notice that they also forget about
it themselves or they put themselves in
a form of denial and I think it's really
important to like just be upfront with
your flaws if you're not up front with
your flaws you could end up being lazy
you can end up never improving and you
have one fucking body one mind one life
why would you allow a flaw that you can
change to sit there and stagnate and
just become you know
like you think Oh next month I'm gonna
start losing weight or next month I'm
gonna do something about this dead-end
job that I'm in and then you end up
staying in it forever and it's like it's
so sad to see that like I'm one of the
people who believes that you should
always try to improve yourself and
that's what I've been doing lately is
I've been actually forcing myself to go
in and try eyelash extensions to try get
my eyebrows waxed that like I've done a
bunch of things in the past like a year
and a half to improve myself like I got
my teeth done I hated my teeth I got my
teeth done um they were actually like
really corrosive too and like not very
strong so I could never like bite into
anything and I'm so glad that I got up
the gumption to go out and just change
things and I'm like losing weight now
and I'm learning what works and what
doesn't and I'm not gonna see you know
four years down the line when I'm thirty
I'm not gonna be the same weight and I'm
not gonna you know still be making
excuses you know and I feel like facing
your flaws is something that's kind of
important so in essence those hate
comments are kind of important for you
to face and know that you have these
problems now let's talk about the two
things that I fucking hate right now
that are they're temporary and I'm gonna
tell you why they don't really bother me
okay and what I would do if someone like
brought them up in a comment so the one
thing is my weight I obviously want to
be thinner I obviously don't have my
ideal body I don't have my ideal body
for health or for the way I look or for
fitness like I'm working on it and it's
an ongoing process and I am definitely
not my version of perfect right now nor
am i what I would consider to be the
target healthy and comfortable weight
for my body my body type and stuff like
that and those things are things that
are so personal so if someone sits there
and tries to tell you that you're too
skinny or you're too fat but you know
you're healthy and you know you're happy
obviously these things shouldn't affect
you so the other two things oh my god
the first thing my eyelash extensions
holy shit so let me tell you the story
about this I'm actually going to be
posting a video on my experience with
eyelash extensions but if you look back
in the past like month my eyelashes have
been so sparse and so spindly and like
not even there right usually I double up
on eyelash um like these eyelash strip
eyelashes the ones that you have to put
on every day and take off but eyelash
extensions are actually like regular
extensions that last for about four
weeks and then you get them filled and
you always have glamorous eyes even when
you're
wearing makeup but I hated the size and
shape it was just so small and like
totally not me and not glamorous enough
right so I tried this other place that
does Russian volume lashes and now this
is completely safe as well and
completely normal it's just a different
technique if you want a lot of fullness
and I made the mistake of going in oh my
god and I told them I want the longest
and the thickest possible oh my god I
look so silly to me right now I look
like I have to retarded uniformed
caterpillars on my eyes that light just
won't quit you know and like the last
two days I've had them I've been kind of
assimilating to them like I actually
improved myself like instead of just
letting it get to me I added more makeup
on the bottom of my eyelash as a
reference obviously not a big deal this
is like a really small thing like to see
it didn't look good to me like obviously
it's not going to get to makes it such a
small thing but um I added more eye
makeup on the bottom to kind of balance
it out I know that it's only gonna be
three or four weeks so it's not that big
of a deal and these are like coping
mechanisms they're things that like if
you don't like something about yourself
no matter how small or how big this
happens to be small um you'll like just
open your mind to it Jo it says
something like oh just open your mind
anytime someone like makes my food wrong
I'm very particular about how I want my
sandwiches and stuff and I'm a very
picky eater
so if someone puts like some kind of
like onions or something in my food that
I don't like I end up being like oh my
god I'm so mad I'm gonna actually put
this down like this that's more
comfortable so um I end up getting
really frustrated I'm like oh my god I
have to take it back and change it we
have to wait for like another delivery
person to come back and he's just like
open your mind it's okay it's not that
big of a deal and it totally works on me
just to like have a more open mind and
to not be so critical about things and
be like oh this is a learning experience
it's just food and then you can become a
better person who deals with pain and
trauma and issues like much better by
doing that so that's one of the coping
mechanisms that I've been using for the
eyelashes and if someone were to post in
the comments oh my god your eyelashes
look like shit you fucking fake bitch
looks so dumb how I would reply rather
than being like offended or hurt or like
oh my god all these people are seeing
these things about me I would be like
yeah I know I got him a little too big
you know but
you know I like him otherwise and I feel
like a lot of people see my lips the way
I see my eyelashes where I'm just like
it's too much but for me I fucking love
big juicy lips that's like so erotic to
me whether it's on men or women when
it's done right it's so fucking sexy and
I love it and I'm happy with it so when
people say that she looks too fake and
they're talking about the things that
actually like about myself like I said
before it's like it's not even a thing
it doesn't even like bother me at all
the other thing this is actually a big
thing and I'm gonna try to talk about
this as openly as I possibly can without
sensationalizing it because I fucking
hate people like who post like Botox
disaster and then they like swear off of
all plastic surgery because they're so
stupid they didn't realize that there's
risks to it you know I decided last time
to get extra fillers and I got I wanted
to get Botox in my chin because I don't
like when I talk how often it'll scrunch
up and I felt like those wrinkles or
like lines would become permanent so I
decided to try it in my chin I fucking
hate it it's awful I should not have
done it but people who live using
hindsight's those people are just stupid
you cannot live using hindsight you
can't be like oh I shouldn't have done
that I wish I didn't do that yeah you
shouldn't have done it you can never
know that beforehand the only thing you
can do and this is a little bit of tips
for plastic surgery and stuff the only
thing you can do is you can like wage
like gauge the the actual like risks the
risks with the benefits and I've never
had a problem with plastic surgery
because I always gauge the risks with
the benefits I know that if I go in and
get my lips done I have to set aside
another couple hundred dollars to make
sure that if something is uneven I go in
and I get it fixed and I always get the
perfect result occasionally I have to go
in and get a little extra here and there
to make it look like perfect or
something but I'm fine with that and I
gauged the result and the people who
like I recently read like a tumblr blog
no wasn't tumblr blog I assumed it was
Tyler because it's so SJW but this chick
was talking about how she hates implants
now and she took her implants out and
stuff and the first thing she says is
the reason she got them was because she
thought it was part of the uniform as a
stripper
oh my god everything you say from then
on is fucking arell
and doesn't matter because you just made
yourself look like a huge fucking idiot
you didn't know the risks until after
you did it because someone else wanted
you to not because you wanted to you
went into major surgery without knowing
the risks because someone else told you
or made you feel like you should have
done it like oh my god you're fucking
stupid and I just couldn't even read the
rest because it fucking devalues
everything you say if you were too
stupid to know the risks engage whether
or not you personally for yourself
wanted to make this huge change and so
many people look at plastic surgery that
way that if something slightly goes
wrong they sensationalize that they you
know get tons of views by posting a
title that's like a Botox disaster and I
could totally do that now because look
look at me when I smile that's the most
I can like lower my my bottom part of my
smile I used to smile with like a little
bit of my bottom teeth as well but I
can't do it and you know if I just smile
too many times I get a bit of a headache
and that's like the most annoying thing
in a while in the world and I look so
weird and I have a little bit of a
problem talking for a long time and
those are the symptoms that I'm having
right now but you know what Botox is
fucking temporary in two to five months
this won't even be a thing anymore you
know what else it kind of makes me have
that fake Barbie smile that's kind of
cool you know whatever you know I went
into this knowing that this is temporary
am I willing to ruin my smile forever no
am I willing to try something that might
make my life easier or make my look
better yes especially when it's
temporary and if it weren't temporary I
wouldn't have done it in the fucking
first place you know like there are
things that I will not do without having
extra money set aside or won't do it at
all because it's not temporary you know
what I'm saying and so I'm not I'm not
that sad about the fact that I can't
emotes like I want to
I mean it's annoying and it's like dumb
and it feels weird or whatever and if
someone points it out in the comments
like oh she looks like she has a fucking
frozen face what a weird Botox ass bitch
I'm gonna be like yeah you know like
whatever and I hated even talking about
this because so many people in the
comments are gonna be like oh you're so
stupid for like putting paralytic toxins
in your face below love but do you know
the mortality rate of like a cosmetic
dose of Botox like a few
tens of units zero bitch like you really
just need to decide what you like to do
like take this like okay a lot of people
drive everyone drives everyone tries
places now everyone takes uber places if
you don't drive now imagine having like
this hindsight regret from because you
went out to drive to do something
completely normal I get groceries and if
you hadn't done that that day you
wouldn't have gotten a car accident like
you can't live like that and like so
many people apply that to things like
plastic surgery and what's completely
safe except for like a few things that
make you look different and like the
biggest like scariest thing about
plastic surgery is going under sedation
going under do that going under general
anesthesia and you do that anyway for
like fucking wisdom teeth removal if you
don't remove your wisdom teeth you have
a little bit of pain and on the bottom
your teeth just like bunch up are you
willing to die for that like what the
fuck everyone sees it as so normal but
with something like you know it fillers
or whatever people are like oh my god
you're gonna ruin your face well you
know what you can't it's fuckin
temporary even like implant type stuff
it's temporary and this chick is talking
about how her friend had to go in and
spend like extra ten thousand dollars on
revisions I have that extra money
because I know it's possible that I
might not be happy with this aesthetic
stuff my new boobs that I'm getting
which I probably already gotten by the
time you're watching this video because
I'm making these blad videos these are
called blood vlogs by the way so cute
I'm making these videos superfluously
for the days that I won't be able to
record when I'm when I'm recuperating
and expect a vlog about my breast
augmentation why I did it my new breast
augmentation and like the differences
and all that stuff I'm gonna do a very
thorough blog as thorough as I can
possibly do I'm really excited about
using Vlad for it and stuff but yeah I
just wanted to let you guys know that
like if someone brings up something that
you don't like about yourself
there are ways to not be so triggered
there are ways to not let it affect you
if you don't like something about
yourself yeah if you made a mistake like
I made a mistake with like you know too
much Botox in my chin or whatever like
just own up to it be honest about it and
be rational about it don't go like I'm
swearing off everything in the world I'm
just gonna be a recluse now because you
know I had this one issue that happened
or what
like don't be like that be rational and
like if you make decisions like if you
feel like putting something in your face
in order to like lessen your wrinkles or
make yourself age better is not worth it
don't fucking do it don't do it because
someone else told you to do it and if
you are happy with being fat and someone
calls you fat just tell them to fuck off
and be happy with who you are if that's
what you want to do but if it bothers
you don't just like put it in the back
of your brain and have something they're
always gnawing at you that you want to
improve go out and improve yourself like
go out and do the things that you want
to do with your life and don't live in
fear of what other people might say
because other people don't know you they
don't know the distinctions between how
you feel about certain things and how
they feel they just like see themselves
is this almighty all-knowing thing that
like should be able to tell you what to
do with your life when they absolutely
should not you're the only person that
knows how much things affect you you're
the only person that has to live with
the sadness of not trying something that
you wanted to try you're the only person
that has to deal with living in a body
that you're not comfortable or healthy
and so fucking do something about it you
know it doesn't affect me it doesn't
make me have like a worst time on the
internet when someone says I'm fat or my
lips looks fake or you know my eyelashes
are too catapillar eie thurr agree or i
just go whatever that's your opinion we
all have very different opinions and you
can never please everyone so why even
try to please anyone but the person who
matters yourself right I love you guys
so much I hope you can feel a little bit
better actually saw a comment from one
of my girlfriends on Instagram where she
was saying that she wishes she could not
care what other people think more
because you know she really wants to try
get lip injections and the people are
saying that it'll ruin her face and she
cares what other people think and I
don't really have like a way to deal
with that like if you can't and get over
it if my tips don't help I don't really
know what else to say other than you
have to just look within yourself and it
is a very very difficult thing to come
to loving yourself and understanding
yourself and throwing away all the
bullshit the society throws at you and
all the frequency of notions that
society has for you and just finding
yourself and not giving a shit if that's
completely different than the rest of
the
like it is harder than I'm making it
seem and it wasn't as hard for me as I
know it is for a lot of people eyes
I was raised with confidence I was
raised with doing what I wanted and I
was raised with knowing that as long as
I loved myself everything else doesn't
matter and you know I have a support
system who does care about me and I
would give anything for those people and
thank you so much for being one of them
in the fucking comments section on my
channels and supporting me people who
won't just immediately go to hating
because they heard that my lifestyle is
different than theirs I love you I need
to go it's been fucking like 17 minutes
or something wow you guys are so amazing
I hope you enjoyed Vlad vlogs here is
the obligatory titty shot I need to turn
off image stabilization so I can get the
titties in the shot as well because I
know that that is part of the reason why
I'm so damn enjoyable understand I love
you guys so much I will see you in the
next video I don't know what it is or
when this one will be up but yeah like
the video subscribe to the channel if
you enjoyed and let me know your
experiences on people hating on you for
things that you actually feel like you
hate about yourself as well and don't
hate it
just know that it's something you want
to change and love yourself no matter
what stage yourself is in because you
only have a one self it's so sad to see
people actually hating themselves or
something as trivial as aesthetics like
me saying that something like aesthetics
is trivial it is it's just a hobby for
me I happen to be good at it or I happen
to be getting to my goals but it doesn't
make it important what's important is
how you feel inside how you you know
interact with other people and the fact
that you're not hurting anyone else with
what you love I love you guys
oh let's take a look and what's it
called I try to put myself at the
outside
here we go love you guys
