hey guys welcome to a new blad vlog of
lad being of course the name I gave my
vlogging camera my canon g7x I am here
to talk about these fucking dreams I've
been having about keemstar and by dreams
I just want to clarify by dreams I mean
the machinations that my brain makes
while I'm sleeping
not like ma got it would tell you my
dream to sleep with keemstar not like
that at all let me make sure I'm not
nips looking ok we're good so um this
was the most requested video well the
third most requested video and I have to
do like five videos I have to pre record
them and I allowed you guys the people
on my discord server to choose which
subjects that I covered and this was one
of them so I'm just going to go ahead
and fucking do it I don't give a shit
that people hate him so much I don't
like him in particular but I don't go
out and pitchfork people just because of
their persona on the internet or
something that they've done in their
lives we've all done some stupid shit we
all have quirks that a lot of people
don't like and I just don't prefer to
spend my time hating on people who I
believe who I have judged to be unworthy
of my admiration so yeah that's how I
feel about him I'm pretty much apathetic
about the whole situation don't care
about him don't love him don't hate him
but for some reason starting two months
ago I started having sex dreams about
him and they are like really good like
if you guys know anything about me you
guys know that I do not have very sexual
sex dreams usually it's like I get up to
the point of sex and then we don't end
up actually you know consummating our
dream sex time you know what I'm saying
there's no carnal knowledge that usually
happens in my sex dreams I've had like
what a total of five now and the first
one I had was actually documented in a
video here on YouTube it was about one
of the guys from house of cards I forget
it was like Rousseau or something like
that it was really weird that was
actually the one where we actually had
sex you guys want to watch any of those
videos or videos related on drains it'll
be down in the description so let back
two months ago and I didn't want to talk
about this the first time I had the
dream because I feel like a lot of
people don't really like listening to
other people's dreams but for me dreams
and this is
I'm gonna go on a lot of tangents but
I'm gonna give you the juicy details and
I guarantee you it's gonna be
entertaining even if you don't enjoy
listening to people talk about their
dreams so what um I feel about dreams is
that I feel heightened emotions during
dreams so for me even if it's not like a
Freudian dream where it's like I feel
like it has some kind of actual
connection to the real world or it
actually means something to me even if I
don't feel that way I feel my emotions
more intensely in dreams so for me
dreams are like these amazing fucking
adventures and when I was younger I was
like a hundred percent a lucid dreamer
like every single dream I had was a
horror dream that was 100% lucid and I
could choose exactly what it did in
those dreams and I fucking loved those
dreams on him missed them and I feel
like I should be nurturing that
potential in me somehow because I have
such stronger emotions in my dreams and
so much more fun like how much fun can I
have in dreams if I got to choose
exactly what I did and exactly with who
like I would just be having sex every
single night so I don't feel emotions as
strongly I don't know if I've just
gotten really good at you know
mitigating them and channeling them into
actual you know Drive and potential and
things but in real life nothing is as
powerful as it is in a dream I don't
know if you guys feel that way post in
the comments of video so do you want to
go I had this dream and I didn't want to
post it because there was a lot of drama
surrounding him and I didn't want to
just be you know looking like I'm
desperate for views so I'm making some
shit up and I didn't really like to be
honest I wouldn't care what people think
I look like if I really wanted to make
that video but I've had so much better
content to make you know what I'm saying
but now that I have to pump out a bunch
of content because I'm recovering from
my boobs I decided to do this fun little
dream sequence video and OH
to clarify I made a video about a few
months ago I don't know called
celebrities who rejected me and I talked
about a youtuber who rejected me that
had a beard he is not him I promise you
if it was him I would shamelessly say
yes I really want to fuck keemstar but
it was not him so two months ago this is
the dream the first dream the initial
dream I feel like I'm gonna have a
nosebleed I'm smelling blood hopefully
that doesn't happen if it does it's cool
to vlog it right I mean that would be a
pretty cool occurrence I have nosebleeds
like once every two years so it was
really weird the dream was really rude
but it was very vivid I don't usually
have dream
this vivid anymore it was just like I
can remember everything and last night
when I had the second dream it all came
rushing back to me like the first dream
right and I had it was like a follow-up
you know how sometimes when you wake up
from a dream and then you go back to
sleep you couldn't like pick up that
dream where you left off I can do that
like months later out of nowhere without
even wanting to so that's what happened
last night so the first dream I got a
telegram yes I got a fucking telegram
now I've been playing a lot of darkest
dungeon and I've also been watching
penny dreadfuls so that was the setting
that this was it fuck my camera's dying
god damn it oh I have to go recording my
can or I have to go charge my camera and
then I'll tell you remember 1900
settings
all right guys fuck it if Vlad's not
gonna cooperate with me I will continue
the story here cuz I don't want to
fucking wait I'm waiting for my attack
on Titan video surrender and I have
nothing to do for like 37 minutes so
let's go ahead and talk about this so
where I left off it was 1907 kind of
there was also technology so I got this
telegram and he told me to meet me at
meet him at this place it so I was like
okay I'll go to this place why the fuck
not I don't I don't know if we're in
real life I would have gone maybe out of
curiosity because I knew who the person
was it was actually like a you know I
knew who it was so I go there and it's
like a brothel right like a brothel but
it is it's like half brothel half a
place where I was seeing a lot of like
internet personalities and youtubers
there so I'm like okay inside now this
is a very vivid dream as I said inside
it was like a bunch of cubbies built
like giant cubbies with like a bed
inside and then like curtains and walls
in between each cubby so it was like the
ideal really cool kind of like India
esque like Cala desh that's probably
because I've fucking was thinking about
the Keldysh you know pre-release or
something that I had these dreams but um
it was kind of like that it was kind of
cool and um so I met him in one of these
cubbies right and he was like let's have
sex I don't exactly remember this part
like how we actually got to me allowing
him to have sex I don't think it was any
kind of rape I think I just allowed it
for whatever reason but I was like
alright let's try it out so okay so he
amazing in bed for some reason I don't
know like let me describe this sex to
you it's like very boring missionary
like but he's just like jackhammering me
right and he's like grabbing me you know
like okay I'm the guy and I'm grabbing
the girl by the shoulders he's just
fucking like pounding into me right and
it felt so good it was like I was
transcending my body and just like ahhh
and just like having like multiple
orgasms and he had like a nice pretty
big thick dick and he had like a really
good body I don't think keemstar has a
fit body or anything but it was just
like a keemstar TenPoint oh right and so
I'm just like really enjoying the sex
I'm like okay so you know I had doubts
about this guy and I had doubts about
this encounter but you know now yes I
want more of this I can't deny it my
body wants it I'm going to allow it so
we started this weird relationship where
I would meet up there with him and then
we would do that and there were
sometimes other girls involved that I
knew as youtubers but I couldn't like
recognize the face like I didn't know
who it was I'm just like yes I'm having
a threesome with these youtubers it was
just like an amazing experience and then
there was this one time where I ended up
staying there a little bit longer and we
were just like laying in that cubbyhole
bed area and talking and I don't
remember what we talked about but I
remember laughing and being like okay
you know this guy makes me laugh now you
might think usually usually this happens
my subconscious fucks me over and when I
have dreams like this I fucking wake up
and I'm like in love with a person or
like a crush you know I'm infatuated
with the person in in the way of a crush
right but this time it's more like any
time I see something of him now I'm just
like oh oh that's not really that guy
that sucks you know what I'm saying like
that's not that guy who you know fucking
just like pounding and then getting up
and leaving and being like okay until
next time like he's a fucking masseuse
or something like I'm having my monthly
appointment with my masseuse or like my
whatever the fuck gynecologist but like
so good on the pussy you know what I'm
saying so um I didn't have a crush on
him in the dream either it was just more
like yeah I've decided that we're gonna
be like on the DL fuck buddies I don't
know how that shit stays on the DL when
at this like burlesque ass fucking hovel
of just like
youtubers having sex with each other or
whatever that I was not telling about
these youtubers and they were not
telling about me on their channels you
know youtubers fucking love drama you
know that all of this info would get out
especially because you know keemstar
kind of pioneers the whole like this
drama is getting out type of thing but
yeah it was really intense like really
intense and I was just like oh this is
fucking awesome right so last night the
dream that I had that reminded me of
this dream was so fucking weird we were
at a concert it was back in modern day
now we're not a concert but it was like
in a concert area where there's like
those like slanted places to sit and
then on the insights like a Colosseum
kind of like where you would watch
baseball or football or anything like
that and it was a youtubers convention
and for some reason every time I have a
sex dream about a youtuber like I did
with the guy that I actually wanted to
get with that I was like texting and
then he rejected me or whatever like I
see this youtuber event as something
huge maybe because I've never been to
like playlist live or you know VidCon or
anything but I'm gonna start going I
need to start going but anyway so we
were there and I saw him and I was like
hey what's up and he's like we'll talk
later so I'm like okay whatever and for
some reason I would I Drive later to the
store and I'm like driving in the rain
and I drive to the store to get a bunch
of plushies because you know that's what
I fuckin go to the store for like
literally you know that's how I got all
of these goddamn plushies excuse my
terrible plushie chair by the way I
haven't had time to clean it up after I
I don't know if you guys have seen this
video yet cuz I don't know in what order
I'm gonna be posting these things but I
actually tried to act out the sex
position that I chose as my fucking
favorite sex position of the month and I
just ruined the whole chair so I have to
redo it but um says buying plushies at
the store and my fucking SUV that I
don't have broke down right so fucking
keemstar comes driving up and he's like
oh you need help with your fucking SUV
and I'm like yeah dude what the fuck how
did you know I was here what everybody's
like nevermind that and just fix my
fixes my SUV and then takes me in the
back of the car and fucks me like you
didn't the first time or like in the
first in the first video in the first
dream or just like time I'm like I love
this so much I'm so glad this is back
where have you been my entire life and
then he stops before he comes and just
leaves just saying that just fucking
leaves and I'm like what did i do before
we were like fucking this we were like
BFFs what the fuck is going on like now
you're just like
pleasing me to get rid of me that's what
it felt like you know like okay so I've
been in relationships before where I
want so much sex and the guy doesn't as
much or like the guy's penis is starting
to hurt at this point
and so he gives me like the sex until
I'm kind of pleased or until I've like
come a couple times and then he's like
okay I'm not gonna come this time
because you know I can't and um it was
kind of like that like he was trying to
appease me rather than he actually
wanted to have sex with me and I'm like
okay what the fuck is going on right so
I go back to the event my SUV is fixed
and I'm just having fun at the event but
the whole time I'm like following him
around a little bit just like trying my
best to get his attention so that we can
continue the like fucking like
Jackrabbits every five seconds thing
because I'm really enjoying that that's
like my thing you know and I want to
know why he's like pushing me away a
little bit too especially because like
there's no in my head in the dream
there's no girlfriend involved there's
no like issue with him not liking me
never told me he was like sick of me are
done with me or there was something
wrong so I was like really like what the
fuck um and the whole time you wouldn't
talk to me so I'm like what the fuck
ever right fine and I go I retreat into
this area that is like it's got a bunch
of like tabletop games but they're all
like a tabletop games not like okay
they're like the ones that are for like
ages four to six and they have the parts
that you can't swallow because it's for
younger kids and they're literally just
like drivel to adults like they're not
gonna help you at all they're not
interesting they're not
thought-provoking it's not like monopoly
or something fun and so I was just
sitting there like what the fuck am I
gonna do and I see a table far away that
kind of looks like the tables at Magic
tournaments that I go to and there's
like a bunch of like people that I
recognize but can't put the faces to
from magic tournaments and they're
starting a game of D&D and I'm like oh
my god I've never played D&D cuz I
fucking play this is awesome and then I
realized it's my birthday and I'm like
will you play D&D with me for my
birthday it would be really cool like
first experience or whatever I really
want to do this and they're like okay
yeah and I'm like awesome I'm just gonna
go get something to drink
you guys like find out who the game
master is set shit up and I'll be right
back right so I leave and there's a bed
around the corner why the fuck is there
a bed around the corner and there's like
the outline of like a laying down woman
underneath the top covers of
bed right and I turn around and my D&D
party is gone and I'm like what the fuck
and under the bed is this like really
beautiful youtuber don't know I can't
put a face to a name I have no fucking
clue just like a hot youtuber chick
right and then keep star comes around
the corner and he's like surprise happy
birthday and I'm like but I wanted to
play D&D but this is you know better
right because the indie can wait and
this is like yay
and he's like a threesome time and I'm
like oh you got like the perfect girl
for me thank you so much or whatever and
then Jay pops up and he's like I don't
think this is a good idea you shouldn't
be sleeping with keemstar that's
probably bad for your whatever image
jade is randomly the person that will
tell me not to talk about certain things
and he's like I don't want you to be
fake or whatever I just feel like a lot
of people are gonna dislike you if you
do this I just want you to know that
that kind of thing you know like don't
talk about abortion don't talk about
this and that because people might just
like you or whatever and I usually just
veto that I'm like no or whatever but in
this instance I'm like a little did you
know I've already done it like 30 times
and then I like wake up and that's what
happened and I don't know if this is
Freudian I don't know what the fuck is
going on I feel like I just want more of
that dick because it was really good but
it's not real
and that's kind of annoying because
dreams can be so intense and like all
these things I'm explaining kind of
comedic ly like not with a lot of detail
just to you know save time or whatever
they like resonate with me when I wake
up you know it's like I feel that I went
through that traumatic experience all in
like ten minutes and I'm feeling all the
feelings that I don't usually feel if I
were to go through an experience like
that so it's really crazy and I want to
know if you guys what what do you guys
think about this like I don't know
what do you guys think about dreams in
general I know I've talked about dreams
a lot I find them very fascinating I
find the mind in general fascinating how
much do you guys hate me for having a
lot of dream sex willingly with keemstar
in my dream knowing that you know what
he is and what he does or whatever I
think it's not a big deal
I think it's good I think if it were in
real life and that had happened in real
life I would definitely do it yeah again
and again because that was some good
shit but I don't think it's realistic
that that would be some good shit you
know what I'm saying
alright I'm glad you know what I'm
saying alright let's all right people
and for taking fucking hours to whatever
our AP my fucking hair volume because it
looks like shit today I love you guys so
much like the video subscribe to the
channel if you were at least entertained
are you not fucking entertained I really
hope you are I will see you in another
video at the allotted time for me to
upload whatever video I'm uploading
whenever I upload it love you guys like
the video subscribe to the channel and
just you know if you got a big dick just
try the like if you're gonna do
missionary if you're not gonna do
something like super fucking fancy
pornstar so just grab her by the
shoulders and just fucking fuck her you
know and just like do it for me do it
for me love you guys bye bye
