hey guys welcome to a new sex story with
terra sex stories that's all it's called
right
I just took off this flannel because I
recorded the keemstar sex dream whatever
the fuck video if you want to see that I
don't know when it'll be up in relation
to this but if it's up first I'll post
it in the description
I don't know today we're going to be
talking about a time when my boyfriend
went limp this is going to be a fun
story it was the most recommended story
along with and tied with the other sex
story about my first ever fuck buddy or
my metal fuck buddy I don't know I'm
going to call it but I wanted to dress a
little bit differently so I just took
off the over shirt through on my attack
on Titan jacket and we're good to go I
would say aren't we good to go we're
just good to go right let's talk about
it okay
so I do I friend named Jared he was the
shittiest boyfriend in the fucking world
but he was very nice with appeasing me
were for sex
I wanted sex all the fucking time he
wanted sex like a normal teenage boy
which isn't all the time but is it's
like you know a couple times a day not
like fucking multiple times a day
there's a difference between there's a
difference between a couple times a day
and fucking multiple times a day okay
there's a difference and that was me
that was me I have the libido of a
teenage boy who's surrounded by titties
and has never been able to grab them
from the age of 12 when he started
ejaculating to now at 16 like that was
me and that's always been me and it
still is me and I still don't get enough
sex nobody can do it it's like
physically impossible I think it has to
do with the fact that I can orgasm
multiple times from inside my vagina
without having a refractory period it's
really fucking cool I don't know so my
ex-boyfriend Jared right and I would
tell him I want a lot of sex I want sex
all the fucking time like we would have
sex I would wake him up for sex he would
be like I don't want sex I would like I
want sex we're doing it and um there was
this one time that I this is probably
really embarrassing to a lot of people
but for me it's just an entertaining
story that I want to tell you guys
because I have full transparency and I'm
an open book and I don't have any shame
when it comes to certain things that a
lot of people would be like oh my god I
would never tell anyone that oh my god
so we are at my parents house and I
wanted to have sex in the shower we were
showering together I think my parents
were like at work or something I don't
know it was one of the times I probably
skipped school in order to hang out with
him and I could always come home from
school because one he stole cars so we
always had a car or we had his mom's car
and or I would just like walk home from
school because school is really close to
my house like I would just walk up a
hill and I would be home so that was how
I skipped a lot of my senior year but
this was my freshman year or I was at
the end of middle school I'm not quite
sure I was with Jarrod two years on and
off I cheated on him a little bit when
he would go into jail
I felt like it was his fault that I was
doing that it was just a clusterfuck of
a relationship where I was only staying
because there were certain times when he
was amazing there were certain times
when we just clicked so perfectly but he
couldn't stay out of trouble he hung out
with the wrong crowd that would just do
the stupidest fucking shit it was so
weird he would he would be against me
smoking weed and against me drinking and
would never do it himself
and be really mad and I do it and be
like Terry you need to take care of
yourself and then on the other side he
would be like fucking stealing cars and
going into actual juvie rather than just
you know ruining a few brain cells when
I was sad because he was in juvie and
that was why I was fucking doing it in
the first place like what the fuck so
anyway without the ranting about that
more about him there will be a bunch of
stories about him because I had a
long-term ultros relationship with him
for a very long time um so we are my
parents house I want to have sex in the
shower we were doing it sex in the
shower is so fucking overrated like I've
done it with my favorite penises I've
done it with myth penises it's just sex
in the shower as a pain in the ass
unless you have a really nice shower my
parents had a small shower I have a
slightly larger shower it's like the tub
with the shower curtain in the
showerhead there and that's just like
the standard thing you see here when I'm
looking through all of the the Vegas
homes that I'm thinking about getting
they all have like the standalone shower
where you stand up and there's like that
that glass that's kind of like you know
frosted so you can't see through it as
well and then they also have like a
giant bath that's clearly meant to be
like a jacuzzi tub that you'll hang out
in I don't know if I'm just looking in
the higher you know more expensive I
mean there are like fucking three
hundred to five hundred thousand dollar
houses right but they all have that set
up okay well here
Washington I have like literally never
seen that so it's just like a tub like a
shitty tub that you would never actually
take a bath in and a shower fucking head
so that was the state of things and
there's nothing to like hold on to its
just walls and it's really small and so
I'm like trying to arch my ass while
bending over while putting my hands on
the whatever the fuck
and he's slipping out and also having
this weird friction because whether or
not you know this water makes terrible
fucking friction for sex for some reason
it just dries out the vagina and it
doesn't work for Lube it's just awful I
know a lot of people every time I say
this they're like I disagree shower sex
is fucking awesome you have a good tub
or something or something is going on
there with either your Anatomy your
partner or whatever I like you know
water sports in the shower I like giving
head in the shower all that stuff is
fine but just shower sex it just never
works out the way you want it to you
know everything so that was happening
he's slipping out he's like not enjoying
it and I'm not I'm not getting fulfilled
because I'm like why are you slipping
out of me so fucking often like what is
this life right and I just want the D
and you're not providing the D properly
but this you know shower sex thing I've
heard such great things about it so I'm
like you suck or whatever I didn't say
that but I was like I was disheartened
to say the least right so we get out and
we're like okay we're gonna have sex on
the floor and we're trying all these
different positions and I'm like still
like all wet and like I look like a
drowned rat probably especially back
then out of the shower and everything
was just awful and I turn around a
certain way and I am NOT prone to this
this is not something I do often it's
it's very like I would have to be doing
a yoga pose and then get into like doggy
style position for this to happen to me
but I end up queefing just food and it
was like a very it was like a kind of
stylin just like Bert or whatever and
it's different you know if you guys
aren't Noah queefing is it's like air
being trapped in your vagina from doing
a different position or something or him
inserting sideways or having weird
shower sex right and trying a bunch of
different positions and he clearly liked
his face was like and he didn't say
anything he I think he thought for sure
that it was a fart and I didn't address
it because I was like I don't know what
to say back then I I wasn't so
I don't remember being embarrassed and I
don't remember like freaking out and
being like oh this is a social disaster
like a lot of people do in social
situations that become awkward or where
they do something that's embarrassing
but I remember being like I don't really
understand what that is and I don't know
how to handle it I'm like 14 years old
and I don't know so I I didn't know what
to do at that point and he just kind of
looked at me and he's just like okay I'm
gonna keep going and he like tries to
have sex with me from then on he's like
completely limp and I'm like fuck man
I'm not gonna get any of my sex and I
remember him like apologizing and being
like I don't know what's wrong with me
or something I don't know what's going
on and just pretending like that didn't
happen and I don't know maybe I was
reading too much into it he didn't even
hear it maybe maybe he was just like
exhausted from trying so many positions
or whatever but it was like the it's
something that's stuck in my mind now I
don't have a lot of like fully lucid
memories from back in the day I did I
smoked a lot of pot I drank a lot I had
a lot of like weird ins and outs with
things that were going on I was very
stressed with him often and I just kind
of blocked that part out like I remember
things and facts and things the way
people have told them to me but this
thing I remember for myself as my own
memory very vividly and it was very like
okay and I didn't even know what that
was I was like why did my body make that
noise I didn't feel any pressure on my
anus nothing escaped my anus what the
fuck is going on right so it was really
weird and it took like a few years I
think before I was more educated because
the fucking oh my god get me wrong with
the or don't get me started with the
education system an academia being so
fucking terrible with teaching kids
about like real life things like sex
like oh my god that is actually
important stop teaching us abstinence
abstinence or like you know this is what
a penis looks like and this is what a
vagina looks like and when you have sex
torques and shit you know what I'm
saying like it's not like that there
there's you know nuance in there and
there's important details there that
you're missing that are actually what
make up a sexual experience or a sexual
relationship so yeah that was my time
where I somehow either he did it or my
queef did it made my boy
friend go limp and it was very sad he
doesn't he didn't usually go limp he
usually was just you know very tired and
in pain from my sexual desires but yeah
if you enjoyed this liked the video and
subscribe to the channel if you have
anything similar
you can post anonymously like change
your avatar make a new fucking account
but tell me about it because I want to
not feel so alone in this world you guys
are the people who support me and love
my content or love to hate my content I
don't know but I hope I have entertained
you today and I will see you at the next
video I don't know when that's going to
be hopefully I recuperate from my breast
surgery soon and I can get back to
normal videos where I record maximum
like a day earlier and stuff and
everything's just more it's finessed
like my schedule is finessed you know
I'm saying love you guys thank you so
much and remember guys queefing is
totally normal like I should do a
fucking sex ed video on queefing it's
just like you got air trapped in there
because you did a weird position that
your Anatomy you know fucking trapped
air in there whatever and then you expel
it doesn't smell bad it's not a big deal
it doesn't even sound like a real fart
it's more just like a thing you know
love you guys bye welcome to my youtube
channel if you're new
