am i live live live yay I always have a
way to see if I've actually gone lives
that doesn't cut me off the beginning
welcome to Friday night mail number 107
oh it's the third live FM we've done and
I wasn't gonna do it live this week but
then I realized I have nothing at the
post office though I was like why not
instead of making this like a
five-minute video where I answer three
questions three questions like that I
would just do a full-on AMA and hang out
with you guys and stuff I don't have the
chat open one second as always or as
with the last three times let me refresh
the checks they can't see the chat some
reason all right
let's read pop it out pop it out like we
pop a titty can we see anything dude
stop Oh pop out check okay
it's shit working now we reconnect this
okay we're reconnecting all right guys
so as is the last three times our last
two times whatever the fuck we're gonna
be ignoring the chat for the first like
5-10 minutes while I do the regular FM
stuff and then after that we'll be
answering any questions you guys have
taking super chats and my book is always
open the book that is terrible cock so
if you have anything you want to ask me
literally anything
you're not gonna offend me it's
absolutely virtually impossible to
offend me so let's go ahead and
congratulate the winner of this week's
giveaway which is Panna Elle
congratulations Hannah Elle I also want
to thank Hannah L he was playing around
I also want to thank Hannah Elle for
being the first person since I've
instituted the whole choosing which
prize you get to choose a $25
subscription to my twitch channel which
is pushed on TVs laughter babcock so
thank you so much Hannah I appreciate it
I hope to see you on the stream tonight
after this dream I'm gonna be doing a
twitch stream barring me feeling sick or
something which I doubt because I'm
feeling pretty good today other than
that if you guys want to sign up for the
giveaway even during the livestream you
can go down to the description I clicked
the wrong thing the description has the
links to the giveaway all you have to do
is like follow my social media accounts
and stuff like that you get entries for
each thing that you do and you can
choose between a $25 Amazon gift card
and a $25 subscription to my channel no
gay okay we have some questions we have
three questions that are actually taken
from the last video and once again guys
if you have any questions that didn't
get answered during the livestream
please come back to the vaad which is
the video on demand which is a video and
just post your comment down there and
you might see your comment on the
livestream next time up on the screen I
this question 3 is from Matt W he says
good god I love jacking off to you
thoughts Tara I think this is kind of
funny that people haven't seen my my
feel free to bat video I feel like most
people have come across that at some
point it's got like 8 million views or
something like that but uh the basic
point of that video and if you want to
go watch it it's more succinct to there
although my audio quality was shit and
it was a long time ago that I made that
video basically it's flattering and I
appreciate it and you can do whatever
you want with your body I'm not gonna
tell you or thought police you from
finding me attractive I think it's nice
that I can do something that's not porn
and have the same visceral sexual
reaction from you guys I think that's
cool I appreciate the people obviously
more who are gonna listen to the things
that I say and appreciate my humor and
my personality or my gaming prowess or
something as well as a fact thing to me
or whatever are appreciating my beauty I
like those people better mainly just
because they appreciate all aspects of
me but just on the on the whole like
fapping thing I don't have a problem
with it obviously I feel like anyone who
has a problem with it is some weird baby
sjw feminist so yeah I thanks so much
for the flattery
good shit good shit oh god I'm doing
everything wrong today it's because I'm
using my right hand which is not
something I'm as used to I'm pretty
ambidextrous but you know question 2 is
did you ever make a twerk video this was
uploaded so I took this question I have
never made a torque video I find working
to be incredibly not attractive so I
don't want to do it obviously for myself
because not hot to me if I don't enjoy
making the video it's not really that
fun but my last fanservice Friday not
this week's but last week had a little
bit of the closest twerking that I will
possibly get it was a little bit just
like butt jiggling shaking type stuff if
you guys want to check that out every
patron on my patreon which is found at
patreon.com slash Harry Babcock or now
you can use WWE not Tara Babcock arm
I've moved it over from the crappy old
pay side I used to have you can use that
and go there $1.00 patrons and up they
all get fanservice Friday every single
week in between weeks they're like
fanservice Friday teases where I just
you know take Vlad and do something sexy
and then every other week aside from
that is me doing a real fanservice
Friday that takes a lot of production
quality and editing and stuff like that
so thanks for the question where is it
I'm so bad at this and the last question
we have is from dr. porkchops he says
question would you ever try to learn
another instrument I could really see
you enjoying playing electric guitar
you're really starting to improve with
your bass I think once I am really good
at bass I will probably start to learn
electric guitar obviously or just Park
in general I don't know why electric but
I think that is not something I'm gonna
push too hard for if I if I get bored of
it or if I don't want to do it anymore
or something which I doubt because I
feel like it's pretty pretty
transferable skill like once I have the
fingering down and I'm really fast and
dexterous with my hands I'll probably be
able to pick up electric guitar more
easily but I play flute I want to get
back into playing flute I played poop
for like eight years in school and then
I completely forgot how to play it
I never practice it I never practiced it
that much and give it the love that it
deserves
in my
though I want to get back to doing that
as well but because we have nothing for
Friday night mail we are now open to a
mas super chats whichever you guys want
I won't get to all the AMA or all the
questions in the AMA because the chat
might go a little fast but every super
chat will be read and I appreciate the
support of course so please ask me
anything and if you have any like
actually interesting questions that you
feel like no one's ever asked me before
I feel like I appreciate those questions
more or if you want to delve deeper than
just like how do you feel about someone
zapping or like blah like the obvious
questions I'm more interested in doing
that I'm trying to get better at a like
live debating and live on the fly
answering questions I used to do it a
lot when I was twitch trimming because
with Starcraft the nature of the game of
Starcraft is you would take time between
games and there would be like downtime
to talk about stuff so I used to take a
lot of questions back then and now now
that my viewership is like a little bit
lower and stuff I don't take that many
questions because most people who watch
are like regulars that know most things
about me but this is more fun because
it's like tapping into a completely new
audience of people who sometimes don't
feel like their questions get hurt
so oh let's see
big fan love your gaming thank you what
are my thoughts on suicide I've talked
about this a few times but I feel like
it's your body or choice and I don't
feel like anyone should take away your
right to end your life it's your life I
don't really understand the whole idea
of criminalizing suicides but at the
same time most people do not come to the
decision of committing suicide in a
rational mindset most of them are doing
it just because at that point in time
it's an emotional decision when you're
extremely distraught or you're suffering
from some kind of mental disorder like
depression and it's like completely
avoidable in my opinion I think most
people who have committed suicide if you
asked them like a week or months or
years later when they're not in that
specific dark mindset they would take it
back but I do feel like there are people
in the world who come to the logical
conclusion that there is no
happiness to be wrought from this life I
watched a documentary on an older lady
who just wanted to die like she was just
over it she was monotonous ly going
through her day-to-day life at the
nursing home and she had had enough of
it and she came to this decision she
stuck with this decision for many months
and then she was help through assisted
suicide and it seemed like a happy thing
instead of feeling like when you go into
a nursing home and when you're you're
and nearing the end of your life because
our technology and everything has become
so amazing the downfall of that is we
live a lot we're like forced to live a
lot longer than we used to and in some
cases some people aren't happy with that
so I am a little bit ambivalent on the
whole suicide thing because I do feel
like there are a lot of people who are
doing it when they haven't actually come
to that decision rationally but I don't
believe that the government or laws or
anything should take away our autonomy
to do with our lives
what we will that's not gonna directly
affect someone else hope that answers
your question did you like the last Jedi
I didn't watch it well you get any other
surgeries the only surgery is I'm
thinking about right now I actually will
not redo my nipples it's gonna have a
weird thing to say I want to read you my
nipples and buy nipple I don't mean like
the dot I mean the areola the skin
around the nipples my last breast
augmentation I was to put I was making
them a certain size it was actually like
a I don't I don't know it was like the
normal like pasty size the average
medium small pasty size and because my
surgeon didn't put in was too called a
drawstring donut whatever fucking thing
that's permanent it stretched out a
little bit more and there there's a part
where it's like not even so I kind of
want to do that and that would be like
something that I don't go under a
general anesthesia for it it wouldn't be
that big of a deal and I I kind of do
want to try out the permanent suture
especially because at any point if I
feel like the permanent suture is
annoying I can take it out and then I
would just be in the same boat again but
I'm not too quick to go down that line
of surgery because I just recently had
my scars even heal to their fullest
potential it takes about a year for a
scar to heal so I'm not a hundred
percent sure how I feel about them yet
though we shall see
than that I basically just want my ears
pointed but that's another thing that
like it's just a bunch of shit I don't
care about also I want to get another
nose job sometime down the line there
are a few things I still am NOT happy
with especially because I didn't tell
them about the scar tissue from my nose
ring but nothing nothing imperative
nothing interesting mainly on Monday I'm
going in for my first time in Vegas to
get injections and I'm gonna take you
along with it because my new surgeon is
100% fine with me filming it
my last surgeon which is my favorite
surgeon I love him he's done all my
surgeries but he had some kind of brand
issue with the brands of injectables
that I get to wear he didn't want it
films so I never got to film going and
getting injections with you guys which i
think is gonna be really funny ok
question do you think or do you prefer
men uh do you think men prefer women
with tattoos or without I think most men
if you actually polled people I think
most men would either not care or they
would prefer no tattoos but I don't
think that statistic matters at all I
think all that matters is the woman does
she want to get tattoos if she wants to
get tattoos go for it
how do we spread the libertarian agenda
it's hard to spread the libertarian
agenda because a lot of people on
different sides of the spectrum they
think that it's good to forcefully push
their views on other people and not
think about you know that they think
that their views are like objective
reality and then they push them thinking
that that's the righteous cause but with
libertarians we're like people should do
whatever the fuck they want right so I
think the best way to do it is just to
show that you're living a happy healthy
life be a public figure and just talk
about it but don't force it on anyone
else and acknowledge other people's
views as much as possible but then give
your own opinions and fact-based
opinions on why you don't think they
work as well as libertarianism or why
it's important to have personal liberty
the wings of Liberty on my back right
there I will always support liberty and
freedom of speech and all of those
things what is the title of this video
mean if you watch the beginning of the
video someone asked how I feel about
them fapping to me and I responded so I
just thought good clickbait title it's
in the video why not whatever
for office absolutely not I think there
has to be it would be in in vain because
there has to be a level of lying and
trickery that goes along with running
for office and becoming a political
figure
I think that's inescapable in my opinion
but I I just I I can't see myself ever
winning like a popular vote or a I'm
very bad at winning things when the
judge and jury happen to be just the
average everyday people I'm not very
likable to the average everyday people I
think also just be too much work and I
just want to live my life doing the
things I like and running for office
would never be one of those things uh
what anime do you watch or have you
watched I've watched it spawn of anime
if you want to ask me which anime like
have you watched X anime I can tell you
yes or no but sitting here and listing
it off it's kind of like someone asking
me like what games have you played it's
like it's not that bad because I've
played infinite more games than I've
watched anime but recently
I'm rewatching for the second time now
attack on Titan them back in season 2 I
just watched season 2 then I rewatched
season 1 and now I'm your washing season
2 because I wanted the full experience
although part 2 of season 2 isn't out
yet but or when or when is my king other
than that I recently watched food Wars
fucking Tokyo bool what was one before
that I showed J prison school and just a
bunch of fucking others obviously Dragon
Ball Z I have the whole like collection
question do you open carry are you only
concealed carry I will only concealed
carry I like that open carry is allowed
but I feel like in today's world where
everyone is uneducated on guns it's less
safe than it should be because people
don't understand the the security and
open carry they don't understand the
idea behind it where like all criminals
are gonna concealed carry so you need a
permit for that but law-abiding citizens
are gonna be the ones that are like I
don't care that you know that I have a
gun on me for protection but the average
American doesn't know anything about
that they don't understand it they don't
take pride in it and so therefore
everywhere I go with we've gone on my
head especially if I was a guy it's just
gonna be
calls for alarm people calling the cops
people freaking out maybe someone even
taking my fucking gun so I'd have to be
on like high alert all the time trust me
I've thought about this a lot and I
don't feel like it's safe to open carry
with people being so fucking uneducated
about the Second Amendment and what it
means to protect yourself so that's why
I don't Oh question do you think that's
swallowing could damage your insides no
actually it cannot it's just a bunch of
protein I don't understand why anyone
would even feel that way it's it's not
dangerous for you to intake sigh if you
can think of anything that comes from
our bodies that isn't just waste it
actually has a purpose like so the kid
can you get hurt your insides from
swallowing your own saliva I don't even
think you could ever get hurt from like
ki obviously everything in moderation if
you're only having a diet consisting of
PR cum that could maybe hurt you but not
because it's become or because people
obviously don't take my word for it do
yo fucking research on every topic that
I talked about these are just my
opinions from someone who is probably
not probably not an expert on whichever
talk topic I'm talking about I'm an
expert on some things but it's just
self-proclaimed expert you know what I'm
saying uh I'm not a fan of you here oh I
avoid you do I've ever had someone draw
me many many many times and I actually
have a folder on my desktop that is that
I have a folder just for this guy Chris
he's a badass
he's one of my patrons and he makes me
like digital artwork of myself and he
makes them all the times have like 40
pictures in there and then aside from
that I have I had a professional artist
that used to draw me and then I have a
fan art a little folder and I keep all
of the fan art that anyone ever sends me
I'm screenshotting from Instagram I'm
like taking them from Twitter I really
appreciate when someone takes the time
to draw my likeness very flattering and
sweet
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo oh
the yes i well i wouldn't date anyone
but if I was gonna date I would date a
black dude I like them of course
doo-doo-doo-doo have you ever stopped
someone or vice-versa
I really wish I could get this closer
let see if we can get as close or
something to read it easier I've noticed
recently that my long-distance eyesight
is not that great because it's worse
than Jays and Jay doesn't seem to have
amazing eyesight so I just realized that
recently oh I just agreed to move but
you know this makes no sense if there
are guns out there why would you not
want the right to protect yourself with
a gun that doesn't make any sense you're
you're putting the onus of someone
protecting you on on to anyone else but
yourself and you have the right to it
doesn't make any sense but obviously
you're like not from here so you don't
even have that right so it might be a
little weird what was it that I was
reading I don't hate Star Trek The Next
Generation like everyone else does I
don't have a strong opinion on it
do you consider anyone too young to
watch your channel nope I do not think
that anyone is too young to do anything
I think that when you're younger and
your brain is developing and you don't
know anything about the world your
parents it's their it's their
responsibility to put context around
everything that you Steve but if I were
a parent I would allow my kids who take
in all forms of information than if you
had any questions you could always come
to me never feel embarrassed never feel
like I'm gonna attack him for doing
something that he was curious about I
think curiosity is very important and I
think knowing things from a young age
but having the context always around
them for like what what will society
think if you do this like what will
happen to you legally if you do this
like what is I guess if you're a moral
person what is right and wrong I
basically would want to say like you
shouldn't do this because but it's
ultimately your decision
- you know once you're 18 okay because
um I think a lot of people what I've
always hated and oh I'm gonna write this
down as one of my pet peeves I have a
list of I'm gonna be doing a video on
pet peeves and I have a list of things
right here but one of my big biggest pet
peeves is people telling you not to do
something but not telling you why like I
always want to make an informed decision
myself about what I do or don't want to
do I don't want someone to tell me don't
do this even when I get like a booklet
for like instructions on like how to
build a couch or something if it says do
not forget to put the bla bla bla bla
bla in there and it's not self-evident
what the fuck it is I want to know why I
shouldn't put bla bla bla bla in there
because if bla bla bla looks like it's
too hard to put in there and the couch
looks functional on its own and the only
reason that you need to put bla bla bla
bla bla in there is because you know
it'll be more comfortable for you but
you decide that you don't care about
that I want to make the informed
decision myself I don't want people just
constantly telling me what to do I want
to do the research myself and figure out
what's best for me I don't want to just
like oh yes yes I I I just like I will
give my life in your hands because you
said so
like I fuckin hate that's it I'm gonna
put it I'm just gonna put because I said
so on there and then I'll elaborate
later where's my favorite part of living
in Nevada my favorite part of living in
Nevada is Nevada specific not just like
this house like if I could get this
house in Seattle I would still choose
Nevada because hmm'
I don't know I absalom I phone - you'll
see I have a list on my phone of while
of living in Vegas the cool things about
living in Vegas is called so let's look
through this real quick
ah air conditioning a standard that's
that's probably one of the like main
ones for sure um there's less roadkill
that's that's one of my big ones cuz I'm
always sad in Seattle when you're
driving on the freeway because there's a
bunch of forests and like habitats for
animals and stuff but there are so many
dead roadkill animals but out here it's
just deserts
and things like lizards and turtles are
more like out out in the desert I've
never seen a tarantula lizard turtle or
anything like that that's been dead on
the side of the road no matter how much
driving or how big the freeway and I
think that's really cool but yeah
question my friend does not believe in
herself as a strong woman what advice
would you give her what do you mean she
doesn't believe in herself and strong
woman it's possible that she's not a
strong woman and if she really doesn't
like that about herself she can take the
necessary steps to change it I think not
believing in yourself
by definition kind of makes you not a
strong person so maybe she's just being
realistic
it's you don't have to be a strong
person you don't have to be a strong
woman or a strong man or whatever in
certain aspects you can just hone your
own strengths and make those strengths
more of a strength you don't have to do
what other people do just because you
admire them like for instance for
instance I'm a very loud and obnoxious
person I'm not a very reserved person
but something I always admire and
something I even find sexy about a lot
of men and women is when they're really
stoic just like the stoic issed
person ever where nothing affects them
there's like kind of like Levi from
attack on Titan or like a lot of people
from attack on Titan but like you they
always make in Dragon Ball Z they make
like in Dragon Ball Z or any anime like
for instance in Dragon Ball Z sorry I
lost my train of thought there for a
second um
like for instance Vegeta is the guy
who's like rah like outwardly manly like
he allows his emotions his negative
anger and angry emotions to get the best
of him often Luther was mad he's yelling
and
that virility is something that's very
sexy to me but on the other hand think
of someone like Oh who would I say oh
there's a lot of them we can just go
with Levi like Levi is stoic he's got
his shit together and he's manly because
of that like it's cool and strong to be
that kind of person but I'm not that
kind of person I'm not gonna make
changes to be that kind of person just
because I admire that I went off on a
tangent a little bit why don't I do
ChatterBait because I'm not a cam whore
and I'm not interested in being cam
whore and when I said cam whore I mean
it objectively not like a diss on all
the cam horn
do I know this might be embarrassing but
this is the first time this is the best
time to ask how could you make up for a
smaller penis and how do they make up
for it or make it so the girl isn't
embarrassed why would the girl be
embarrassed okay so the way you make up
for a small penis is all of your other
characteristics like being an attractive
man having money providing for the
family being interesting being funny but
then in bed the way you make up for
having a small penis is using your
fingers your tongue making your motions
count rather than just focusing on like
I will hit the g-spot all I have to do
is go in and out just be more mindful of
her needs because more often than not a
guy with a smaller penis he can still
satisfy her but it's gonna be imperative
that you use your hands near tongue and
stuff more often especially if she's a
size Queen like me there are guys who I
find really really attractive and if I
find them that attractive I'm not too
unhappy with like an average-sized penis
but um there's trade-offs there you
don't like when everyone always asks me
like a ugly guy with a huge penis or a
really hot guy with a small penis I'm
like it's gonna be a in-between kind of
thing you know what do I consider a
small penis I don't think that's any
consequence I think anything five and
over can please a woman I think there
are some women wherefore can please them
I think for and under you're probably
not gonna please a woman with your penis
alone but that being said most men
cannot please any woman with their penis
alone because a lot of women do not have
interventional orgasm it's I think it's
something like 75% of women can't have
inner vaginal orgasm penetration alone
so you have to stimulate the clitoris
you have to stimulate all stimuli Lea
you have to stimulate all of the places
all the erogenous zone for sure
I'm not gonna go on a tangent where I'm
like yes 6 3/4 is good yes 7 is good oh
my god oh this guy's showing off by
saying he has eight of course that's
fine you know like I know I haven't made
my decision
about what my favorite concealed-carry
pieces I haven't had any experience with
it so I I don't know yet any tips for
making a YouTube channel I wouldn't go
for YouTube right now unless you're
gonna do some live streams or something
I would go for something like twitch I
don't I feel like it's a very volatile
time to open a YouTube channel though
whoa Christopher my girlfriend got me an
SNES mini for Christmas and all I got
her wasn't an engagement ring I swear
she tries to outdo me every year by the
way we both love your gaming channel I
don't know man it's a mini I would get
you like a fucking we'd get like SDR TV
is that whatever the fuck old tube TV
and hook up the real SNES which I still
have in working order it's black by the
way I think I've posted a picture thank
you so much
whoo Oh congrats on your and get
engagement also I'm not gonna congrats
on your baby Congrats on your engagement
cuz I'm like oh that means something to
them but not much to me I'm not like you
know when people congratulate you want
something me like are you gonna be so
jealous I'm not really too jealous about
people getting married and stuff dude I
already answered the ChatterBait
question stop spamming it
Waddy Harrelson Woody Harrelson you mean
I don't know neither bros for your goals
for this year his name as my goals were
last year if I didn't reach them get
that perfect body get that bass in check
more production quality more of
different forms of content that I enjoy
and yeah ultimately I want to be doing
based videos base covers in my underwear
that coincides the whole like perfect
body with the bass playing skill kind of
like choo-choo-choo
but I'm both favorite roll deck to use
while playing magic what was the name of
the well I consider like blue white
control back in the Ravnica fuckin
theros days I considered that to be a
troll deck but at the same time I played
a lot of mill deck
I think mill decks are fun anytime
anyone brews a mill deck that does
semi-decent at any like major event I'm
like okay if troll deck time I played a
like blue red mill deck was the last one
I did but then there's a what what is
the gate all the gate rat mazes end was
it me was amazing then his mace ascend
to the one where like you just after you
get all the gate you the game's over you
won one of my one of my friends played
that night I found that to be very
interesting I actually lost to it a
couple times which is yeah very good
again slow deck sometimes I've already
filmed - Jo I it wasn't really my thing
people didn't really like it that much I
mean there were people who liked it but
it's not really my thing when you get
confident your bass playing would you
want to be in a band no I'm not
interested in being a band in a band Jo
is like jokes that we should make the
bass on the computer or something and
then Jay and I can do he'll do lead
guitar and I'll do bathe and then he'll
be the singer or something because my
voice not good not good nice good but um
you know I don't like working with other
people it's like a marriage I was
talking to my friend metallics thought
about this recently and I've always
thought that being a band was okay so if
a big band somehow saw my youtube videos
and they're like oh my god you're really
good come be fucking number 11 mom's
flipping out I would be like yes fuck
yes even if it's just to like fuck
everyone in the band like three times
with her fucking uniforms on had like
fucking cool masks for myself like if it
was a band
I really appreciated them yes but I'm
not going to
auditions I'm not gonna try to find
friends to do it with and I would be
okay with doing it on a casual basis I
use my fingers right now I'm gonna try
it learn to use a pic but I just don't I
just don't like a pic I just don't like
it it's not fun but I want to learn all
aspects obviously someone who says I
won't use a picker I won't give my
fingertip those people are lacking skill
so you know question how long is too
long for going down on your partner 2 or
4 hours if you can't get her done in
like an hour something or less ask her
what the fuck you're doing wrong and
actually communicate because oh unless
she has like a really hard time and
she's like a variant she's not the norm
and she has just like a really hard time
where she's got like some kind of
mutilation down there or something it
shouldn't take that long it could not be
your fault too though like it could be
her fault for not exploring her body and
understanding what she likes because I
know like most women do not explore
their bodies and their teenage years
they are not fapping they are not
spending time knowing what they like
sexually and having orgasms themselves
so a lot of them are just like yeah you
know do your job to know what to do down
there even though everyone's different
you don't even have my part I think
that's a little silly I think it's a
two-way street and women who don't work
with their partners are just as bad as
men who don't ask and just assume that
they're gods in bed and there's like
yeah I'm a jackhammer you would leave
yeah
would I rather die before or after my
wife or husband before obviously
obviously but I don't have a wife or
husband and I never will
so before or after J or IVA for for sure
yeah who needs to Dallas I want for more
than like 10 30 minutes I agree I I
think that's excessive I think your your
question was kind of like a joke but
this is the reality for a lot of people
do I like my tits are asked more I guess
equally I don't know I like my tips more
probably because I'm more of a dick
person tip person what is get Elia yeah
I'm cut up on a second time how do I
feel about motivational videos whatever
works
I don't really do motivational videos
it's really helped me that much
there are a question what do you predict
to be the average age of your audience
does that weird you out at all or is it
what you expected
nothing can weird me out and I can
actually look at what my average age of
my audience is it's like you know on all
platforms it's like 16 to 35 or
something with a few people I'm sure
being underage because uh because you
know they have to say that they're over
13 or whatever but um no no I don't
understand where that would weird me out
I talked about this already in the video
but I don't think there's anyone too
young to watch my videos nope not having
children don't like children where did I
get this a or t jacket from I have two
of these actually this one kind of sucks
because it doesn't fit me as well
it's like a little bit shorter unless I
like relax it and then I like to go like
this with my jacket and put some of the
jacket into my armpit I don't know why
like it's just more comfortable to move
around and like do stuff but I got both
of them on Amazon the other one actually
has like real patches like real sewn
patches this one just has stickers
everywhere and it's it's annoying
because this always flaps over like that
the other one it's actually like really
rigid I know I could like not so why
could sew it through but I could like
iron this and like starch it fucking
whatever fucking whatever you can't get
someone something tailored bigger you
can only get something tailored smaller
and I would need a bigger arm the other
ones perfect I just wear this one right
now because you know whatever I grabbed
it
Spencer's our hot topic hot topic of
chicken or pizza pizza I'm a vegetarian
or vegan what did I get for Christmas I
got some cute stuff from Jay I got a
bunch of awesome stuff from you guys I
didn't get anything like big and
fantastic
like the lighting is weird turn it up a
little bit because I keep having a look
over here names for my dildos no alien
franchise or predator franchise probably
predators Eve is doing well I have
watched Castlevania it's good I've
actually it's what sparks me playing all
the castlevania lords of shadow game I'm
on lords of Shadow 2 now no spoilers
show your big tongue I'd only have a big
tongue but is this a new room just
wandering or has it always been here I'm
just noticing it now this is where I've
been doing my my Friday night mail 90%
of the time since I moved here
I don't care about ethical whatever does
this I am investing in cryptocurrency J
and I put in about five K and we have
like seven pay now and we've been doing
a bunch of the earth he has I just left
it up to him but I have a link in my
description of most of my videos I don't
know about this one I think this one as
well where if you want to sign up for
which one was it
coin base if you want to set up the form
base we both get 10 bucks there's a
referral link down there I've gotten
into it a little bit but uh not as much
as Jay Jay's like watching the coins and
trading and watching the coins and
trading and investing and coins day
things are gonna go up and stuff it's
been interesting how often do you get
sick during the Christmas holiday season
I don't know not often I get sick
equally all throughout the year like
there's never a time where it's like oh
it's too fucking cold so I'm getting
sick I just know he's good sick
I met Jay in Spanish class in seventh
grade seventh grade favorite games to
play JRPGs action-adventure game I
really like episodic games too like the
episodic illusion of choice games where
they're just kind of like exploring
through a story those have fun but
platformers are probably my favorite the
2d platformers because I'm really good
at them because I grew up gaming playing
Mario stuff like that
Thank You Torah batata I appreciate it
thank you I don't have a snapchat don't
do snapchat
I like Sonic and Mario equally in fact
I'm getting a tattoo that represents
just that as well as throwing in a
little bit of pink floyd-- I'm getting
that soon not sure when I'm also gonna
be updating my Mario tattoo but I guess
slightly more Mario and Sonic
they both made up a lot of my childhood
I remember a lot of people have having
the whole like Oh stego versus Nintendo
Mario vs sonic conundrum I don't have
that kind under them I think you're both
amazing a favorite gaming system of all
time in all history is probably the
PlayStation 2 because that's that's
where I remember having posted fun
PlayStation 1 or PlayStation 2 or n64
I'm not sure even though the SNES has my
favorite game of all time Super Mario
Bros 3 on the all starts on the All
Stars cartridge the one with more colors
that cuz that's where I got my start
really where I really fell in love with
games even though I played like the
Atari and stuff before that I I just I
feel like the best parts of my childhood
and teenage years were spent on the ps1
and ps2 I'm a huge PA of PlayStation
fangirl more so than Nintendo especially
because I like where PlayStation is
heading in the in the fucking future and
I'm not a big fan of the whole infantile
Nintendo games that they've been making
I I like that they keep it cartoony and
I like that they keep it cute and they
stayed true to the roots of Sonic not
sonic Mario but the whole 3d Mario games
and how much easier they've gotten it's
just not my thing
what's up thank you would you make a
patreon to your foot fetish bands for
example $25 $30 $35 $40 a month I
noticed you don't have those dollar
amount tears I would create more work
for me and there's very few people who
want that that's why I just try to
incorporate a little bit of foot into
like every other fanservice Friday or
something
I'm not a huge fan of putting more work
on myself is right now I'm still never
being able to be caught up I'm like a
one-woman show here
so to make another video every couple
weeks or a month for people it's just
it's too hard you know I want to keep
the focus on the YouTube content and at
which content and then the patreon is
just like extras like the cherry on top
and stuff but I already have lino like
the pants which was frighted that only
goes on patreon so yeah
Oh Thank You Ichigo I appreciate it he
said I am his favorite youtuber ah ah
I'm not a big fan playing online games
unless they're like a really solid
MMORPG or like a MOBA or something that
has a really strong it's either it's
either gonna be like a World of Warcraft
level MMORPG or it's got to be like like
a starcraft level but more popular
eastward this is only kind of online
games I'm interested in I hate that a
lot of my single-player offline games
let my favorites like Assassin's Creed
or god of war they're adding in these
dumb like multiplayer modes there's like
left five hollers what can stop fucking
staff Eve is good I don't know where she
is I played a lot I over washed but it's
not my favorite I don't like first
person games at all I feel like the
coolness of overwatch and all the
characters is wasted on the first person
but I've played a lot of it so I watched
the Netflix one the non-asian Netflix
Tokyo ghoul and it was fine but I'm not
a fan of live action anime it's not a
fan not a fan
I have not with dark and light no I'm
probably never gonna play fortnight or
pub G that kind of stuff is like really
not my thing not my thing I feel like
the its popularity comes from the fact
that most people are like casual gamers
who just like to play online with their
friends and I put more emphasis on like
a story gameplay like a beautiful
setting that makes me feel like I'm
reading a book or something or like just
a really good single-player campaign I
haven't watched Dragon Ball super yet no
dude I don't really care about actors
and actresses my favorite actor is Ben
Affleck just because I want to fuck him
basically I'm never gonna upload to my
beauty channel if I make any more beauty
videos they'll be here on the blog panel
might as well just unsubscribe to that
having to having two channels is hard
enough but having a third Channel know
there there's so much saturation of the
beauty world that if I ever did like a
daily look video or something it would
just be like oh here's an updated you
know daily makeup routine video of me
because I'm not amazing at it I'm not
gonna care to be and like I just don't
care to do the whole egg oh here's a
nice holiday I don't know my thing so I
don't see any point in having a beauty
channel the reason I made the beauty
channel in the first place is because I
wanted to do more videos on like plastic
surgery and beauty in general and stuff
like that like little tips and tricks
that maybe people don't think about that
much but not like beauty looks but then
I just realize that that's just a flaw
why not just put it on the blog channel
fanservice Friday is on patreon
every week nothing happened to it it's
not on YouTube that's what a patoot I
hate Jimmy Kimmel I can't stand him oh
my god
awful well the fuck is death stranding
I'm not gonna end every video with an
ass Mac some videos don't require an ask
Mac I think there's enough fanservice in
this channel would you smash Jessica
Biel if you had the chance
sure why not I have played lifeless
trains I feel like a strange beat yes as
well I'm finished with that neither
let's play on the gaming channel which
is youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games
if you guys want to check that out I
have all my Let's Plays and gameplay
over there yeah I'm gonna stream after
this thoughts on Logan Paul I don't give
a shit about Logan Paul and I don't
think what he did is that big of a deal
I think it's a big consortium of
everyone want to hate more on the polls
and virtue signal at the same time I
don't know why Eva didn't respond she's
probably sleeping in the bedroom and
didn't hear me that's usually the only
reason oh god this is awful I don't look
to me for fucking it's so blue every
time I try to do a smokey eye it turns
out to look so blue I don't know I just
fucking like blended they I think the
key is like to Pat on the dark color on
your eyelid and a little bit off of the
eyelid and then use a clean brush a
clean buffer brush to like blend it I
think every time I try to use the same
brush to blend as to put on the pigments
I end up fucking it up I don't know you
can try that if you haven't already
who's my favorite youtuber or do you
watch any of them my favorite youtuber
it's hard because I feel like I'm giving
too much credence to the person I say is
my theory super I watch a lot of
youtubers um I guess
TJ Kurt flash X amazing atheist probably
my favorite because he was one of the
first I subscribed to and one of the
most entertaining in my opinion but I
watch a lot of like epic youtubers and
stuff and I am more and more starting to
dislike a lot of their videos because I
see that they're not a lot different
from the sjw's who they like to make fun
of but at the same time I have a lot of
fun watching videos like that like
baring I really like bearing and sugar
tits they're like cool but people like
Hunter Avallone Blair white Blair white
in particular and I used to really like
a shoe on head Blair white and shoe on
head ER the two that I'm kind of like
I'm watching them debate people like
destiny live and more and more when they
stray away from the common sense non sjw
stuff and start actually talking about
politics and philosophies they fall
short intellectually in my opinion and
it makes me it makes it hard for me to
watch their videos like Sargon how like
destiny destroyed are gone and how
Sargon can't flirt on so immature to me
now I love his voice still and I'll
watch his videos sometimes but I
realized more and more that there's like
a left bent in there even though they
say that they're centrist or whatever
that I just don't like I don't know my
phone because if I reach over I'm
hitting my mic chemists are by far not a
fan of Spears the few times I've tried
to watch scarce because someone's like
oh my god scary systemic that I think
keeps Tyra I'm like oh kill myself
fucking first of all playing over like a
first-person shooter is like so I hate
first-person shooters and the types of
people who do that are like they're
often so pretentious and I don't like
listening to news
like news reporters that have a strong
like they have strong moral opinions and
then they like can't objectively you
know give the news Philip DeFranco is
someone I often disagree with but the
way he does the news it usually doesn't
doesn't hurt my anus so I watch him
usually I'll watch a lot of Philip
DeFranco but I'd never see that he's my
favorite he's just kind of like my um
one of my favorite places to get
non-political or left-leaning news that
makes any sense what was I doing
Allegra whoo Allegra Cole Allegra leg
Rockhold bump optical images all those
boobs are too big and she looks fat on
the bottom too yeah she's not attracted
to me that's just like to me and this is
this is like a ruined body like a really
unattractive body obviously I'm glad
that she's doing whatever the fuck she
won't but it doesn't turn me on I have a
bunch of Kombi Christ on my playlist
actually my Spotify playlist I used to
watch h3h3 occasionally Jay thanks h2 h3
is really funny and some of his friends
do like bold or whatever some of you
guys know my my stream friends some of
you guys don't or my Magic the Gathering
friends well
um they can be funny but I just don't
watch them as much a lot of the stuff is
just not that interesting not a fan of
gta5 i think GTA like - was my favorite
the like old top-down one on the ps1 ah
no I haven't seen Celestia Vegas
anything tbh I haven't gained weight for
like three years
no you can't go to sleep you have to
stay up for another hour and then you
get to sleep for like one hour then you
have to come back to the quit stream I
weigh a hundred and fifty pounds right
now it's awful 350 two three I don't
know what it was there remember
favorite MTG format modern modern and
standard it goes like modern standard
I really like steeled even though that's
not the most difficult
I like the draft has you you have to be
good at drafting to have a good draft
deck you know and there's more skill
involved but I I enjoy playing field
more so I would say modern standard
field should I say draft or should I say
like blip I don't know I've never really
played any legacy or vintage so I don't
know
no fake boobs don't weigh that much my
boobs are like five pounds or six pounds
in total I like PewDiePie I do I don't
love beauty pie I'm not like a bad
fucking ass licker
but I appreciate how he doesn't move to
LA and acts like the norm and has a
scandal and he just does his own thing
even though he's like the biggest
youtuber it's clear that he got into
youtubing before there was this promise
of money and he does his own thing and
he has his own opinions and even though
I don't agree with everything he says or
like all of his content I do appreciate
that he's a person
he doesn't like bleep out the cuss words
because you know he has children
watching him because gaming he just does
his own thing and he's himself more or
less and that's how he comes off to me
and that's what's interesting to me and
what I like about I'm 5 foot 4
do you think everyone should stop making
Logan Paul videos it brings them views
and if they're interested in talking
about addition thank you you almost cut
your no no you're like what bitch
I'm 115 pounds or so aren't you like 112
pounds up yes people with implants can
breastfeed unless their surgeon was a
hack ass motherfucking surgeon people
say I look taller and then I've just
chalked it up to like they must be
talking about my personality or
something because I'm quite short don't
what height you consider to be short for
a guy I consider most guys to be short
if you're under five foot four I usually
think you're short but at the same time
I'm fine with like five eight five nine
if you're super hot like Corey Taylor or
something I told my patrons but the
other day I had like this the hot gas
guy come here and he looked like he was
only like five nine or something and I
don't know if I I said in the post that
if I had makeup on or something I would
have offered him a blowjob what do you
think of filthy Frank TV quitting
YouTube I don't know anything about it
never been a fan of filthy Frank
invisalign on one hand that sucks when
people quit on the other hand I don't
care about him or his content whatever
makes him happy in Magic the Gathering
what is your favorite planeswalker
Garrick wild spank ah God look of course
favorite to play would probably be Jason
Jay really loves Liliana like oh my god
he always has like lily on a deck like
anytime there's a Liliana he's like yeah
he likes his mono black flashing
something like white or something
hottest youtuber in your opinion there's
a lot of hot girl youtubers especially
in the Beauty side fucking Gigi's
hottest fuck - like sometimes she looks
dumb and I don't like her personality
anymore Trish's face is so pretty
they're just so many Beauty youtubers
who are hot so let's not talk about
girls the hottest male youtuber that's
fucking hard dude there are also
bodybuilders who do you see why are we
talking about like known for being a
youtuber or I don't know dude that every
type of person is on YouTube definitely
not hunter a balloon he looks like a
he's like a little boy like a child or
something
so feet I only show feet that one super
chat guy I already talked about what
happened to August Dame's mainly my
point is it sucks that she did that but
she was the one who chose to kill
herself no one else so therefore anyone
who bullied her or like harassed her or
disliked her opinion none of the onus
falls on them I don't like people who go
like oh man you know you bullied her or
told her to kill herself and that she
did it though their fault I don't agree
with that at all in the slightest
question how can a girl prepare herself
for sex for the pain
you shouldn't have pain during sex
unless you're put quite young women
should be masturbating quite frankly in
my opinion I would watch hint a hentai
but a lot of that it's hard to stir it's
hard to search through like find good
hentai it might be often it'll be like
too much story too much poop shits vomit
poop shit shits vomits like I'm not
timid to me tentacle tentacles are fine
as long as the tentacles don't
impregnate the bitch then I'm like whoa
no thank you
I'm not a fan of Paul Joseph Watson but
I haven't really given him a choice or a
chance
I've watched a few of his videos and I'm
like turned off by his like his lips
okay I love big lip with Paul Joseph
Watson's lips are like so not my thing
something about one guys have like
really red okay so first of all I have
to tell you about our biology men will
often find attractive women who have
flushed lips because that shows their
fertility and that's why a lot of women
will put on like brightly colored
lipstick and women will and men will
like the brightly colored lipstick over
the like nude colored it looks like you
don't have lip lipstick and larger lips
is a sign of youth
uh so when I see really red lips on men
I think it's my biology telling me that
wow this is too feminine it's weird
because I've always liked big lips like
Jay has big lips and they're nice and
like plump and it's nice to kiss I love
kissing big lips
but um when they're flushed a lot or
like cracked and flushed and look kind
of like feminine lips it's a huge
turnoff to me and it's fun to like to
use a little bit of introspection to be
like is this why I mean I have no idea
but I had a friend named Eric who had
like the biggest lips ever and they were
so gross because they were so pink I
don't know it's weird weed tubers I'm
not into like otter weed so if you're
talking about like smoking pot or
talking about pot or being like this is
the best cotton John rivers book now
thank you
would you smash Alex Jones when he was
young we're gonna find out what Alex
Jones looked like when he was young
that's what we're gonna do
Alex Jones young oh my god I only get
Young Turk
can I get a young Alex Jones is this him
there's no way this is him right this
isn't him right is that him if this was
him then yeah but otherwise no oh my god
it is him I think what is this but the
book is this before and after 45 days
later I mean he wasn't that ripped but
he was he was cute I can't believe oh my
god yeah here's a video of him yeah
why did he become like it's like uh I
like a bloated Orange it's fucking weird
what's up fuck alright I'm sorry I'm
like blown away what the fuck is this oh
man if you're looking for some good hand
tie I highly recommend studio fo W is
work which is some of the highest
quality gente on the internet Bar None
do what you will with that information
oh man
you gettin approached in public often is
an exaggeration that women are
approached harassed all the time no I
don't get approached often but I'm
rarely alone when I'm alone I do get
approached quite frequently but it's
never like harassment I mean I don't
know I don't see a problem with like
catcalling you there like if you're
keeping your distance but you're yelling
or you're saying hey baby or something
that's been happening to me since I was
in like grade school or like middle
school or something I don't know exactly
what grade school is this grade school
grade 1 to 12 or as grade school like
elementary school cuz I mean grade ones
as well like all the grade what time is
it in America almost 10 p.m.
I've been doing this for about in Iowa
my favorite subject in school is
anything to do with reading writing or
comprehension I fucking love that shit
I'm very good reading writing vocabulary
is irony right do I like giving blue
balls no dude staring rude or creepy the
key to not being creepy as a man as
being attractive how often do I get
recognized in public almost never do
people come up to me and know who I am
but that might be because they're too
afraid to or something I know back in
the day when I was modeling I used to
have more people I swear there's like a
hair my nose every time I said here
there's a hair in my nose when I was
modeling a lot of people used to come up
to me which is weird because you'd think
a youtuber would be more approachable
than a model and I think I have more
reach now as a youtuber definitely a lot
more subscribers on all the things so I
don't know yeah it's probably like an
Eve hair that's just like floating
around in the world my bra is like oh I
hate it when my bra strap gets like
busted and then it's like cutting into
my shoulder and I only noticed when it's
like about to draw blood or something Oh
what is the key to not being creepy for
a woman I don't think men ever find you
creepy honestly
yes I listen to Rammstein what time do I
usually sleep at I don't know the
bedtime it shifts all the time but can
twelve to sixteen hours after I wake up
I go to sleep would you fucking guy with
a nap a drama piercing I don't have to
look it up yeah I would as long as it's
not like looking like it's gonna fall
off into me or something I think like
genital piercings are really interesting
so what I fucking average looking guy
yeah I have as long as they're like hot
in other ways or really attractive or
for some reason my the pheromones are
getting to me you know I often have
crushes on guys good or not like
traditionally or attractive or even my
version of attractive because my version
of attractive is different from what's
traditionally attractive is different
from what I sometimes fall for and want
to fuck that's cool a pierced his own
friend ulam it was terrible with one of
my ear piercings
yeah I know who Christie Mac is I would
most certainly have sex with a black
woman
you like femdom being so cheerful and
happy I bet it would be night a nice
contrast yeah I have a slave or two I'm
not a huge I'm not huge into Fanta
femdom as my own personal release sexual
release because I prefer to be dominated
and submissive
shut up rub her tongue you don't get to
fucking decide how many slaves I have
how would you feel if you were the point
five out of the 1.5 slaves I have are
you ever gonna meet JJ isn't a lot of my
videos if you want to watch J he's
actually live right now in twitch oh my
god I'm so bad at typing on a
non-mechanical keyboard
so go over there and say hi like hi taro
says hi yeah yeah he's pretty much
always streaming when I'm either working
recording streaming or whatever the fuck
I don't know if I can supply you Jesus
or hey Zeus I had a friend named Jesus
hey Zeus and I always used to just
called Jesus who is better than dark
home or Billy Harrington I have no idea
who those people are
I feel retarded but I don't dare Neil
Tierney on dinner Carol do haven't you
ever saw she clothes no I find stuff
like that repulsive I don't give a shit
about clothing brands or anything like
that
I just wear what I think is cute or hot
and that is most often found at places
like poster or Abercrombie yes I watched
porn but yes I find trannies attractive
as long as they pass for whatever their
training so like Blair White or GG
gorgeous yes anyone who looks like a
butch dude but says that they're
transitioning over to female not really
no I like chicks with dicks you know I'm
saying but as long as they look like a
chick I can twerk I don't like it am I
gonna do more haul videos probably yeah
dude nights just pee in their armor I
don't know probably I think things were
a lot grosser back in the day and I
think when you watch like a medieval
movie or something and you see them like
shitting and pissing and tossing and
throwing it out back I feel like they
were even grosser than that probably
we think of nipple piercings on girls I
thought about getting some myself I
think they're hot but would you rather a
pre or post op tranny
I wouldn't want facial feminization but
bottom surgery I prefer before yes a
shemale would be one of my fantasies for
sure for sure
Carmen Carrera let's look her up we got
the phone here for a reason
the more you know man fucking why was
alex jones hot i can't even oh yeah for
sure does she have a dick if she has a
dick hit me the fuck up what the hell
there was like a hot blonde like
pornstar tranny i was like holy shit
that was a while back i don't obviously
it's not normal to have no refractory
period but it's cool cool for people who
have a high libido bad for people who
have a low libido if you're dating
someone the low libido that's tough why
is my live chat not working is it always
been not working has it always been not
working property is okay
is it gonna work now okay nobody told me
it's not like I'm Twitter everyone's
like something is a mist and then I'm
like oh my god what is it the to miss
I'll fix it right now you ever gonna
eave a brother or sister I've thought
about it but I've decided that it's not
a good idea never gotten an STD that's
that's something that people always say
like STD right har oh my god just fucked
hundreds up guys no I've never I've
never gotten an STD I'm very fortunate I
got tested like any time I would have a
new partner would get tested I made sure
that I didn't have sex without a condom
with anyone who either was the virgin or
that I wasn't having sex with a lot like
Jay or before Jay my main boyfriend
Jared's
those are two of the like you people
have had sex without a condom with how
do you donate with asking a question on
the bottom of the chat there's a little
smiley face and then to the right of it
there's like a money sign that's like a
square if you click that and you can
like choose how much you donate and then
put the message in a river and it's
probably super chat if the dude like
it's like the tranny would that make him
gay depends on what he likes about the
tranny and it's like a spectrum of
gayness I would say like if you're not
attracted to male secondary sexual
characteristics as well as male
genitalia I don't feel like you're fully
gay I feel like I can't I can't hate on
anyone for like and dick because you
gotta love a nice fucking phallic member
just like chew on it and stuff
Freud would say you're still in your
your fucking oral phase or something if
you were a guy who wasn't gay would
wanted to suck on a nice dick how long
has it been since you've fucked for the
last time what does that even mean my
mind is blown you mean like the last
time I fucked when was that
is that what you're just asking like
yesterday dude oh yeah yeah
will you listen to him possibly promote
one of my songs if I sent free copies I
probably wouldn't promote it unless it
was like really good for my videos and
you allowed me access to using it as
like a royalty-free video thing I
already have like enough music I think
I've always willing to like listen to it
but I'm never gonna promise that I'll
promote it I don't really see an avenue
for me to promote it right now what I
like to have a real dick yeah honestly
edible underwear just tastes like
Swedish fish you know it's like the like
that
you ever listened to gorillas
I don't like gorillas Jay likes real is
not a fan I mean I don't like to spies
it but I'm just I wouldn't say I'm a fan
top five famous people you would have an
orgy gangbang with how famous do they
have to be yeah I want to get back into
modeling but only for like patreon and
myself I'm never gonna do like
commercial modeling jobs anymore it's
not fun to travel and to do someone
else's art vision that's not my thing
the most fun I ever had modeling was
when I was doing my outfits my styling
my art vision my makeup my hair my
editing even afterwards I like to edit
my own photos and stuff I actually had
an editing service for awhile where I
would edit other people's photos for
them what did you love yourself and your
sexiest are you gonna play league again
any time soon I'm leveling a new account
very very slowly with Jay and red but I
think they've surpassed me so much that
it probably won't be playing with them
and last time I played league I really
didn't enjoy it I was like level one and
I had to play bought games and like
every all of my settings were changed
because it was a new account and it was
just really stressful and I often miss
the League of Legends or Starcraft and
I'll go back and I'll play a league i
don't usually play starcraft because too
much to get into you can't just pick it
up and play again it's not new friendly
at all but um every time i go back to
playing league the only thing I miss is
like playing Veigar and often even
playing Veigar like the games will like
put me off uh how big were my tits
before I got injections
okay I'm gonna troll you on this one
they were 34 double D before I got lip
injections yeah
yes I love our death metal black metal
regular metal metal metal I don't care
about the distinctions or the genres I
just love the heavier the fucking growly
or the better the hot the heavier the
fucking bass line in the neck
love that shit my favourite Children of
Bodom
is my least favorite out of Lamb of God
Mona Martha Mona Martha's probably it's
in contention for my favorite band with
Pink Floyd which is the band I grew up
with and will always love love the
melodic death metal as well I think my
love for melody in metal and also liking
like prog metal and stuff that probably
came from my love for things like Pink
Floyd and combining that with like
heaviness I think they were just kind of
classic rock I think Black Sabbath is a
little bit heavier obviously Blue Oyster
Cult I've always had a hard time saying
Blue Oyster Cult I always say blue
Ulster coit oh my god my mom loves blue
Ulster my mom loves that band and so I
listened to a lot of it when I was
younger and I like the bandar-log well
but I when I've gotten older my tastes
have gotten heavier and heavier like
when I was a like a young teenager I
used to really like things like Linkin
Park
oh my god but the older I've gotten the
more I've gotten into even heavier like
much much heavier stuff your girlfriend
said I'm hotter than you do it I'm gonna
steal your girlfriend how do you feel
you've ever made fake nudes of a person
I had a crush on no oh man did we ever
decide how famous they would have to be
for the gangbang cuz I wanted to do the
gang back I want to make a whole video
on that
no problem J mood why don't you just
like not use your mod abilities if
you're feeling feeling a little
overwhelmed and like you can't be as
objective Oh classic rock bands other
than Pink Floyd do you like a lot
obviously I like Black Sabbath Rob
Zombie white zombie does these even
count as classic Led Zeppelin do I say
Led Zeppelin oh I like a lot of stuff I
also like um let me let me give you like
some of the lighter classic rot like I
like a Bob Seger a lot um I was like
really salty about the Metallica turned
the page for a while and then I warmed
up to and I'm like okay it is it is a
better version cuz it's heavier but I
was like pissed off about that let me
give you so I have my main list of
favorites I always forget I'm not good
at just like listing off names if I ever
do a video where I have to list off all
the names I'll often just like fucking
script that shit but uh let's see what I
have on my list oh we got a super chat
your sexiest pic of the year it would
have to be a lip collage I love lip
collages so fucking sexy oh my god I
think one of the red ones I did was like
really hot also I have a bunch of like
not-safe-for-work patreon $50 tier
pictures pick some hot ones this year
okay so I have Blue Oyster Cult on my I
set it right on my playlist but the only
two I have are Godzilla and don't fear
the reaper and those are like the two
that were always my favorite
um Nirvana and Alice in Chains they
don't count as classic rock do they
Queens of the Stone Age
ozzie obviously already said that I'm
not a fan of stuff like Michael Jackson
I'm not a fan of stuff like the Beatles
I know a lot of people hate me for not
liking the Beatles but I don't like the
Beatles Kansas is one that I really like
a lot of this might not count as classic
rock I don't know it's just a lot older
rock or something let's see I'm like
actually interested Oh Tom Petty Tom
Petty is one does that count I don't
know
Rock is a very wide it gives you a wide
berth for genre orner foreigner is
another one the cars the who so much
okay I'm gonna go on forever there's
like 2,000 songs on this playlist but
yeah those are some yeah does Slayer and
stuff like Slayer count I don't know
because I'm stuff like wooden stuff then
like Children of Bodom count like the
much heavier stuff and does Metallica
even count like I don't even know what
the fuck I'm aware of hmm is it
hemorrhage I am
yeah Queen does Queen count Queen counts
for sure
Iron Maiden meh
but at what point does a lot of the like
frog metal bands that I like like as an
opeth been around that long
or like Riverside like a lot of stuff
has been around for more than like 15
years and that doesn't constitute like
classic rock
but I shall listen to glass animals
biggest cock I've ever taken I took is
uh nine inches not really
Duran Duran why you live on YouTube cuz
I wanna yes oppa
I was not very into Opeth and then like
I don't know why I just never gave them
a chance and then I saw them alive it
was a bunch of other bands at Disney
World actually and I've just like fell
in love after and J and I went through
like the whole discography do you love
my grammar and autism
yeah I hate people who say not theism
like oh it drives me crazy knots ISM
it's like if you look it up that's
actually how you pronounce it but like
most people people who talk a lot about
knots ISM they say Nazism
Opeth is like kind of froggy
especially when they they don't have as
much growling and they just it's it's
really melodic I like melodic metal a
lot to imagine dragons I like one or two
songs but they get old quick because
it's not my kind of music I swear
there's like
eva's like fucking me I swear
anybody I consider to be famous is that
is that a follow-up on the gangbang
what's up Juan Okubo thank you I like
very little guns I don't even know how
to quantify like what's good or bad in
the genre of things like imagine dragons
you know yeah it was great it was at the
House of Blues
I like seeing Disneyworld though because
it sounds so ridiculous
you know like I went to see some metal
bands at Disney World
what is my favorite game of all time
Super Mario Brothers 3 on the Oscars
cartridge um
now as there's so many dude like I got a
four three used to be the one that I
would say all-time favorite but there
are so many favorites now I play so many
different games and I'm delving into
like genres of indie games or like
different types of things that never
existed before and it's like crazy no I
don't think it's our hero I play rock
Smith rocks
John the boyega no I don't play rock
band I'm only interested in Rocksmith
because it allows me to play my actual
guitar John boyega boy Jaeger not let me
see more page so the first pictures they
have is like that oh is this the guy
from Star Wars
Peppa Pig pantsuit what is it what does
the name cap dude blip blip
what's his name Finn yeah why do I think
it's pan or something I've actually seen
that movie too so that's how good my
memories I have I taken so much shit no
he's not attractive he's got too soft of
features for a guy to be attractive what
I do Celebrity Big Brother no I would
not
yes I've played life is strange what
storm if you want to watch the let's
play it's on my gaming channel wasn't my
favorite food right now it's the
quesadillas I just love quesadillas like
so bad I have an addiction to
quesadillas what does my favorite
Marilyn Manson song I have no idea I
like a lot but I don't have like a one
that sticks out as my favorite I hate it
when he will ask me what my favorite
something is it's so hard for me to
decide of
anything of any type of any genre it's
like oh my social security number is 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
how many numbers are there social
security number is it 11 I don't even
know
for the longest time I was an adult that
didn't have my social security number
memorized it was so bad I don't have to
call my mom mom was my social security
number but I have so many like 1099s now
that I just memorized it on accident
yeah I don't even have a favorite movie
anymore dude it's the quesadillas I like
her so standard like if I go to Chipotle
and I get a quesadilla I'm like this is
not a Tara quesadilla
so much worse I just don't like it as
much
who would I like to see punched in the
face anyone it's fun to watch people get
punched in the face but there's nobody I
like politically or morally or
emotionally want to be punched in the
face
I guess maybe just like for the shits
and giggles probably that that one guy
from Orange is the new black there's
like a male feminist that would be
pretty funny you like wouldn't know what
to do oh not a fan of like multiplayer
online games much unless they're the
ones that I've stated that our eSports
or like a really really solid MMO
of course my boobs are not natural I
don't make my quesadillas mission tacos
and Fiesta Mexican cheese blend and then
just put it in the microwave for 45
seconds my dad used to make them amazing
for me when I was younger because he
would heat them in the in the like pan I
I have no patience for stovetop shit but
he would like make it a pan and like it
would get crispy on one side and they
would put the cheese in and then make it
get crispier so good it's the wrong type
of cheese I don't want mozzarella cheese
in where the fuck that is and then
they're they're uh tortillas - I like
burrito tortillas like the mission 10
inch burrito ones I'm probably gonna go
soon in the stream on my foot's channel
have any the liberal friends literally
all of my friends and my family are
liberals but I called those friends like
really acquaintances II friends like the
friends I've made on YouTube are more my
friends than my real life friends
I am missed that didn't go anywhere
I have played counter-strike not my
thing
I hate first-person shooters I could
take off my jacket but why would I do
you really just want to see me like a
look at my shoulders and my arms what I
don't have the problem of not knowing
what I'm gonna shit nobody zero says do
you take laxatives before streams you
don't need to take a shit during live
the fuck also when I take a shit it's
like three seconds like what the fuck
this is a song that someone made for me
it's not like a song you can find I
would consider you like a full-on lib
tard that just doesn't like at the SJW
side of it but you're like super liberal
yeah like like negative connotation
liberal in every other sense except for
STW ism and i feel like if you had the
SJW portion we wouldn't it wouldn't be
possible for us to be friends I would
say most of my my online YouTube gotten
friends are less liberal than my IRL
friends my IRL friends are just like we
hurtin the feeling because we got to
stop hurt the feelings and they're just
like oh my god fucking socialism social
got it we got to pay for everyone else's
health care it's important you don't
want one person to starve or be hurt to
view it makes them yeah that's like most
people though they're like logic we need
to help everyone implications don't
matter one person might be hurt so silly
you've ever roasted someone not
officially yes water is wet I don't know
why this is a conundrum SNES / Genesis
any day but I like both like both a lot
actually I don't know why I was so
vehemently SNe I guess SNES is like my
baby ah do my farts stink I would assume
that if I needed to take a shit my first
instinct would you fuck up athletes yes
an athlete I would fuck tits / ass
you have mine yeah we got Reverend Satan
in the house one of my favorite
conservative conservative buddies
why don't couples interlock their toes
like hands they would if they walked
with their hands well no I don't need
any of the mini versions I don't
understand getting the mini versions of
all of the consoles more often than not
the like remade consoles they they lack
something like they look worse or
something I would rather just get the
brother hook up my excellent SNES or I
would get emulations on like Emma
paradise or something when I fuck a
boxer I'm anime fighter I have never
seen a box or MMA fighter I'm attracted
to but if I was attracted to them of
course I don't care what they do for
their job I like Milo Milo is a cool
dude
he's funny and interesting and has a
wonderful voice and he's sexy as fuck
too bad too bad he is gay Mario over
Zelda times a thousand I think a Zelda
is like one of the most operated
franchises I'm glad that it's overrated
though because it spawned things like a
binding of issac and stuff like the
dungeon crawler games that I love so
much yes I like David Bowie why don't
more women do anal because they don't
receive any actual pleasure from it
usually and they don't know how to make
it so that it's not incredibly painful
and there's the the horror of what
happens if you shit on the dick and they
don't know about like getting called
colonic holes and stuff or like doing it
at home what is it like not seeing your
natural face in the mirror I don't
understand what that means like
nothing I make such slight changes and I
evolve over time and I have a no makeup
face in a makeup pace
it just doesn't I don't understand I
feel like that's something that some
really emotionally tuned in person would
have an opinion on but I just don't oh
my god would you fuck a a Bicentennial
fucking birdwatcher like I don't care
about the person's profession who I'm
fucking in the least he could be a Nazi
white supremacist he could be a Richard
Spencer as you guys know I would fuck
Richard Spencer or he could be like the
most limp tardy and retard fucking
garbage man I don't fucking care as long
as they're hot and I can stand them for
long enough to fuck them I would fuck
them and I have the desire to fuck them
obviously boop boop his horse cock the
best cock send your asshole into shock
what the fuck oh my god why don't I do
vlogs I do vlogs this is the vlog
channel what do you think longest dick I
would take I would try to take any
length of dick how many guys who I
fucked
10 11 10 head still be like long lasting
men no not really
hair down there is a no-go for me
whether you are a man or a woman
favorite ice cream mint chocolate chip
girl I also like like brownie fudge type
stuff but mint chocolate chip is my
favorite for sure I like mint chocolate
chip like everything no we've never had
an orgy only threesomes this Free Will
exists no but that doesn't matter I
don't I don't think it does not
technically mint chocolate chip cookies
you came yay
ten minutes I prefer 10 minutes over 1
hour
- yeah - yeah late such a time I only
talk to her like this
I tell Jane Austen talk to her like this
because then she she doesn't like it but
I only torture her like this for the
video and then it's like three seconds
and I'm like okay you have a favorite
breed of cat whatever eat it
I think she's part Maine Coon or
Norwegian Forest Cat but not all the way
people who are ill-equipped talk about
free will I'm not going to sit here and
argue them you should watch all of the
videos on it Logan Paul or Jake Paul
Jack Paul it already do Friday night
male yeah I'm done with it I didn't get
anything so I just did the the questions
in the the fucking winner of the
giveaway yeah I like Maine Coons and
Norwegian Forest cats and Bengals are
cool oh hey answering Oh Logan polar
Jake either interchangeably how much
longer am I in a stream I'm gonna end
this really soon and that I'm gonna go
over and stream on Twitch I already
answered that question we watched the
video if you want to know why it's
because someone asked the question Aaron
Paul no Aaron Paul's less attractive too
short not interested in we're just and
on the Logan Paul controversy it
shouldn't be a controversy and I don't
care who killed Biggie and Tupac I did
obviously why do girls squirt and act
like it's not P because some of them are
not aware that it's P and then others
are just lying to be more sexy because
men don't get too visual visually see a
woman orgasm so the men who do believe
that not P are very attracted to the
porn where they do get to see a visual
orgasm from the female that's more like
male ejaculate because that means that
she's actually enjoying the porn in the
video and that makes it more sensual and
more intimate
oh wow
you're highly attracted to women meet
you I like science I wasn't very good at
it in school but I'm very interested in
it now they have a car yeah Jay and I
both have cars I don't drive though not
a fan not driving all right guys I'm
gonna go I love you guys so much thanks
for the Q&A I like doing this I'm not
gonna do every Friday's show a live
stream because I there are enough people
who don't like it that much
or who prefer to do just like this thing
to cut up like F&M but I'm gonna do it
anytime that I have a lot of stuff or
I'm up at this time this was cutting it
close because I had to push it like two
hours forward because Jay needed me to
spot him in the gym I was like okay I'll
do that and then I'm gonna come back my
mom has a polydactyl cat it's so cute
they have like the fat feet with the
extra toes so adorable all right guys I
love you I'll see you over at Wichita TV
slash Tara Babcock that's where I'm
gonna go I'll be there in like five ten
minutes because I have to take the cord
from this camera and put it on my fuck
another camera and then I've set
everything up and whatnot so I'll see
you over there in 5-10 minutes you guys
want to watch me you do whatever it's
not gonna be a long stream I'm not gonna
be playing warframe with J mood or
anything I'm probably just gonna
practice the guitar a little bit more
and then maybe play some kind of game or
something but I love you guys
yeah any religious person is gonna
believe in free will because that like
free will hinges a lot on like God made
us but in His image but now we're gonna
make our own choices kind of things but
you know if you look at it from the
secular standpoint you can't really deny
that free will doesn't exist on a
technical level but I have the
philosophy that doesn't really matter
because you in are let's just not get
into fucking free well right now maybe
one day I'll make a video that is better
laid out where I can distinctly lay out
my thoughts and ideas on it and why
there is no free will but I love you
guys bye bye
why
