hey guys welcome to episode 50.5 of
friday night mail before we jump into
the package opening let's talk about the
questions that you guys sent me two
weeks ago because this was pretty
recorded I couldn't record this in the
correct Friday because I am recuperating
from my boob surgery so for those of you
who asked questions in the last video
I'll make it up to you guys once I'm
back recording so anyway let's go ahead
and see what questions we have this week
first question is from warmongers Inc my
question would be how old were you when
you got your driver's license and have
you got it from the first try wink I was
15 and a half when I went to driver's ed
and then I was 16 when I got my driver's
license and yes I completed it first try
it was pretty easy the only problem I
have at all the driving is parallel
parking I like all the memes on
Instagram and Twitter where it's like
steps to parallel parking step 1 park
somewhere else that's me I must sound
like such a stereotypical woman driver
right now alright and our other question
is from Eduardo Gotti he says would you
prefer to be the smartest person on
earth or the most beautiful person on
earth
well since videos in the eye of the
beholder and it is completely subjective
and for me beauty is more of a hobby
it's not really as important to Who I am
as a person I definitely value my
intellect more than my beauty even
though the beauty is fun to look at I
would definitely say I would want to be
the smartest person in the world have an
IQ of like 160 or something that would
be cool or whatever the highest is I
know 140 is the start of genius but yeah
definitely the smartest person in the
world I feel like that would increase my
quality of life tenfold I know that
might not be the answer you guys would
have expected but it is my answer
nonetheless alright so this week's
winner of the giveaway is Chris M
congratulations Chris M you're a fucking
badass and if you'd like to sign up for
this week's giveaway the link as always
will be in the description it is a gleam
link that allows you to follow the link
and then complete a few activities like
follow me on Twitter and do certain
things like that to get more entries
super-easy and you get more entries for
being a patron a sub on my gaming
channel some of my twitch channel so the
more you support the more entries you
get I appreciate every single one of you
and may the best man win or woman and we
talked about this last week but you guys
were not here possibly I've gotten rid
of the straw pool and I'm now just
asking the winner of which prize he
wants or she they because it just makes
more sense that way all right guys let's
go ahead and get into this juicy
goodness of Awesomeness this is the best
coolest letter on the outside
superficially that I have ever seen it
is like a Harry Potter envelope but it
actually has one of those like burnt wax
closures I haven't seen that anywhere
but like on something like darkest
dungeon I'm playing darkest dungeon a
lot right now and you know in the
beginning where he's like you remember
our venerable house and he's like
stamping the fucking letter that's what
this reminds me of and it's fucking
awesome and it says property of magic
Magic the Gathering are like Harry
Potter s magic I don't know either way
it is fucking badass thank you so much
Sarah Jean for sending this to me this
is fucking cool and I'm gonna try not to
ruin this I think she also licks it
which is like why would you lick it when
it's so awesomely wax enclosed as well
already so it's like really cool Harry
Potter stationery with an owl on it this
is amazing oh my god Debbie wood geek
out at this if she saw this so cool and
then do we have a drawing oh my god she
colored me something this is awesome
look at that it's my hair it's like me
as like poison ivy slash some kind of
cool winged goddess or something not to
toot my own horn but I look pretty hot
in this picture
thank you Sarah this is badass she
depicted my hair pretty perfectly let's
go ahead and read the letter let's go
and read letter Tara hey I feel like I'm
writing a note to a girlfriend in high
school but there's something so
nostalgic about sending snail mail I
agree it's really cute it also gives me
a reason to use my Harry Potter
stationery which this is the first time
using it since I've had it in 2011 damn
girl write any more letters I know a
letter would be enough but I wanted to
send something a little extra
I colored a picture and was inspired by
your recent hair color change I really
hope you like it I definitely fucking
love it it's amazing when I saw this
letter I was like oh my god this is
amazing you've inspired me to try and
figure out this whole YouTube thing Oh
awesome I've set up my page and it's
youtube.com slash c slash sarah jean 0 7
1 3 i'll post her link in the
description still not sure what to do
I'll figure it out eventually I like
your positivity I really like it anyway
I really love your content to keep doing
what you do I want to send Morse you
eventually and I'll let you know when I
do love you Sarah Jean Instagram comm /
I am Sarah 13 both of those links will
be in the description thank you so much
Sarah you're so sweet look at the owl
out of post I wish this was brought to
me by an owl then it would be like
hands-down the best thing that's ever
been sent to me ever and ever will be
sent to me
well shit Sarah I'm gonna be subscribing
to your channel and I think everyone
else should too
link in the description and just just
one more time we're going to be looking
at this
beautiful fucking coloring you are
amazing at like blending in different
colors I feel like you could actually
have drawn this yourself
thank you Sarah this is made my day I
still can't get over the wax on the back
all right this is the next thing we've
got it says it's from coming like
literally coming like that that's where
it's from well I've been to that place
and I thoroughly enjoy it so maybe I'll
be getting something good from this
package and open it up and oh my god
it's the dick lipsticks oh my god they
all look like dicks I don't know if you
guys can see this holy shit hold on I'm
gonna get Vlad so I can show you up
close what the fuck this dick lipstick
looks like look at this it's a bunch of
fucking dick so like when I'm putting
this lipstick on I'm just putting dick
on my lip how fuckin sick is that oh my
god I have to open this all right I
think this shade is the shade that is oh
my god look it's all veiny and shit oh
it's like a veiny fucking dick lipstick
oh my god so good don't mind me just
putting a dick on my lips they don't
smell like dick that's for sure Debbie
showed me these lipsticks on discord and
I was like holy shit and then like a day
later she was like they're coming to you
and I'm like oh my god you did not have
to do that so fucking sweet Thank You
Debbie baby girl now I can have
different colored dicks on my lips every
single day let's give them a welcome
home lick hmm I wish I could just put a
bunch of dicks in a row like it's a
fucking harmonica and just plan my oh
man I love you guys so much especially
Demi Demi is the best also it was her
birthday last week so happy fucking
birthday Demi I'll be putting your links
in the description followed em you guys
she's gorgeous amazing and one of my
closest friends that I found through
this amazing career that I have loved
you Demi girl all right something from
Shawn black oh my god one of my favorite
people as I always say Shawn black is
Bay's Shawn black attack black a crack
crack black black crack black crack what
is this oh my god
oh it is a Wonder Woman costume and so
close to Halloween maybe I will be
recovered enough to wear this this
Halloween should we see if it fits
as the last Friday night male with my
old boobs I think we should let's do it
I will be right back this is pretty
phenomenal you guys like holy crap I
love this outfit thank you so much Sean
holy crap we have to get glad to show
you the full body perspective also look
at me
I heard someone needed gnaw on a
feminist non black haired Wonder Woman
this is really an amazing costume this
might actually be my Halloween costume
he'll fucking yes he'll fucking yes dude
all right
I just took like a thousand selfies in
this outfit let's just go ahead and
continue the fucking video let's do it
let's do it all right this box can
barely close with whatever the fuck is
in it we're gonna go ahead and let
whatever is in here free because as
Wonder Woman I decree that all boxed
items should be unboxed yes yes yes
hahahahaha
awesome LMT I am sure you don't mind to
get a German weather house on your
fiftieth fnm what is this oh that's a
bit careful look at this it's like it
tells you how hot it is in here
it's like 68 right now it says and
there's a little like candy and then
there's like a German man and woman this
is cute the boy rubber tongue there's
like a tiny little rock here that's just
glued on oh my god
I can't believe that thermometer
actually works if it does I'm assuming
it does because you know whatever and
then on the back it says if the air is
dry turn the chimney till the woman
comes out if it is wet bring out the man
only adjust once interesting I love it
it's cute Germans have you ever seen
anything like this in your country is
that like actually something that's
common or is it something that's kind of
antiquated and more like tradition now
does your grandma have watch we'll call
me Nana cuz now I have one oh I'm so
excited opening things I'm actually
gonna do my game release news this month
in Wonder Woman attire oh my god okay
our next fucking thing what is going on
I have this crazy fucking bite on my leg
in here let me show you oh it looks like
that like what the fuck is that it looks
way worse in real life it's like purple
all around it and it's
like that for like over a week it's
crazy I don't know shy guy hi enjoy your
gift from Keith a gift from twitch now
he gave me this on twitch and he was
like will I still get to see it in the
ethanal like fucking of course you can
donate enough money so I can buy myself
a gift on twitch and then it like pops
up as like you actually donated the gift
it's really cool oh there we go alright
guys you guys know I have the Mario
version of this but now I have the Luigi
version as well oh yeah girl I'm gonna
ruin my lip gloss by doing this but
we're gonna do it anyway so I am Wonder
Woman luigi actually you know what I'm
gonna put it on my head because it's not
gonna ruin my lip gloss and I have to
record like ten other videos today oh my
god the world is my oyster Oh Alice I
almost threw this away with the bosses
probably where all my other box cutters
wins like seriously we have three more
big-ass boxes that I do not deserve in
the slightest
but you guys decided to send me anyway
because life is not fair oh my god these
are so cute oh my god oh we have got
Evie fucking slippers I don't know what
this is it looks like some kind of
shirts and then they're a flow dual foot
massager now this is all from rubber
tongue because he told me about the foot
massager earlier I think that's very
sweet of him now when I'm relaxing I can
massage my feet because I do a lot of
walking for Pokemon go and stuff and I
do a lot of cardio so it's nice to know
that my feets are taking care of because
he is not here to do so himself
what is this which one is it's Super
Mario it smells really weird though like
it honestly it smells like the vinegar
that you use to color Easter eggs I
should probably wash this before I wear
it and since this is from rubber tongue
I'm not gonna put it on for your every
time go fuck yourself you don't think
but these Evie slippers however so
fucking cute how do you go the Cuddy is
in my crotch whoa just like exploded
this shit at you God why do they make me
do so much work to get these things and
then I end up fucking ruining my nails I
can't untie knots with these nails
they're too pointy it looks like they
would be good for untying knots but
they're like totally not also this
doesn't push up my boobs at
all in fact my boobs are like kind of
hiding a little bit down here because
the cups are so small all right I got
the thingy off all right so this is a
foot massager my Eevee slippers they're
so cute Oh mmm lesbian Eevee's I just
see you as a girl I don't know why all
of Eva's evolutions are clearly men
except for like the pink new one from
the newer generation shit not like the
first generation they just look like men
and she looks like a woman before it
looks like a woman I don't fucking know
and there it is that's what it looks
like you rub your feet on it and it's
supposed to massage the bottoms of your
feet that's pretty cool I'm probably
gonna put it near the couch good boy
rubber top and I can just like sit there
while I'm playing games or watching TV
or something and roll my feet on it
running awards and apparel so let's see
what the fuck is in here the hell is so
much bubble wrap
it says Tara Babcock on it okay so
there's white gloves oh my god this is
so cool guys you got oh my god you have
to see this I had no idea this was
coming this is so weird
it's from patreon Tara Babcock
congratulations on reaching 1,000
patrons go and make interesting mistakes
make amazing mistakes make glorious and
fantastic mistakes break rules leave the
world more interesting for your being
here make good art Neil Gaiman it's like
what the fuck oh this is going with my
fucking hundred thousand fucking
subscribers plaques this is really
fucking cool I have like 2,000 patrons
by the way so do I get like another one
of these cuz this is awesome am I gonna
get something for like 10,000 paid like
this is insane
Wow I cannot thank my supporters on
patreon enough you guys are fucking
phenomenal this is crazy like it's a
crazy surprise thank you everyone who
supports me on patreon and my content
thank you patreon this is insane and I'm
in fucking love with it it's like it's
like a piece of glass edged with my name
and like metallics and it's suspended on
this like what it feels to be brushed
metal maybe I'm not sure this is thank
you wow I never got awards when I was
younger the only award I ever got was
first place overall in
in competition but that was like my
whole team you know and like so it's
really cool that I have the plaques from
YouTube and then I have this and I love
patreon so much everything from what
they do what they stand for and how they
help content creators who struggle with
ad revenue and have a place that's like
a fan club it's just amazing and then
the people who run it are so fucking
helpful from the start they've been
helpful to me and I'm just all right no
more gushing I love patreon I feel more
at home on patreon than I do
on Twitch or YouTube I actually have a
little bit of disdain for both of those
companies but patreon overall has just
been fuckin amazing to me they've been
so supportive never condescending about
the fact that you know I make some of my
followers by being sexy or anything like
that so thank you wow you guys are
fucking amazing like what I don't I
can't I can't I don't know let's just
move on to the last box cuz oh my god I
can't I don't know why there are gloves
can I forgot about the gloves it's weird
maybe they don't they think like oh
you're gonna touch it and if you touch
it you're gonna put fingerprints on it
so here's this or something I how
fucking interesting is that like when
it's like a true a truly unique surprise
alright so hi Alan G this hand-painted
wine glass will be helpful for sure so
that's a wine glass now I know why LM
tea for your awesome collection hi LM
tea I hope this froggy style shakers
what oh I hope you like this froggy
style shakers I'm gonna punish you for
me not being able to comprehend that
sentence better because I'm I'm sure it
is because you are saying something
foreign hi L&T a birthday gift box for
you for my birthday
good boy rubber tongue and I hope you
had a wonderfully terrible birthday last
week so the first thing is magic car
Pikachu this is my favorite Pikachu adds
something else and look it comes with
like the cutest little oh my god so
fucking cute he's like so happy to be a
Magikarp
that's awesome that is going with my
stream collection pick out all this shit
so we can get rid of the box and you can
see the cleavage once again let's go
ahead and open the wine the wine thing
first I'm like actually interested in it
it would be cool if it was gaming
related but it probably won't be unless
you know it forever tongue sent me
something that's gaming related and it's
a wine glass I would
and only you know not give him as many
punishments or give him some really cool
functions but I doubt it still cool I
like afraid of holding things like this
like am I even allowed to wash this like
what's going on each glass from Antonia
Barcelona is carefully handcrafted
mouth-blown oh girl this is mouth-blown
Iowa and hand-painted by skilled
artisans I'm gonna get like halitosis
from drinking someone else's mouth blow
is that what's I know how glassblowing
works shut up I was making jokes I like
it good boy Robert Tong now I have to be
careful as fuck not to drop it it's
funny because when I'm drinking wine I'm
more prone to breaking these delicate
ass fucking things right like I was once
at Jay's sister's house and I got really
plastered and just knocked a glass off
the table and it was it was quite funny
okay salt and pepper shakers froggy
style oh my god they're having sex look
at the box they're having sex oh this is
awesome I have to see these frogs that
are having sex froggy style is this the
way frogs have sex by the way I'm
assuming because you know whatever I
can't imagine them doing like some kind
of porn star shit but they go together
like that oh so cute so this is clearly
the pepper and this is the salt because
everyone wants more salt than they want
pepper I like it I don't even use pepper
I'm just gonna fill these both with salt
and be like less salt and a lot of salt
and then use them differently I love it
good boy over time although why does it
have to be such breakable things you
guys know that I'm kind of klutzy at
times five giant microbes inside I
fucking love giant microbes so on the
back we've got amoeba penicillin kissing
disease sperm cell and egg cell oh this
is like the best type of thing that
someone can get me for Valentine's Day I
don't like live flowers I don't like the
fact that you have to cut and kill
flowers in order to send them to me if
you were gonna get me flowers I would
rather have like a potted plants but I
would still probably let it die cuz I'm
not good at that so maybe like a cactus
and like I don't like chocolates because
I'm always on a fucking diet and trying
to lose weight and just trying not to
eat a lot of sugar so this is perfect I
love giant microbes rubber ton knows me
so well
look at them they're so cute they're
tiny kissing disease and then it has all
the facts for kissing disease on here
and it says for more information because
it can't spit it all in here the kissing
disease or mononucleosis is caused with
the epstein-barr virus
more than 95% of the population is
infected oh my god read more at Johnny
microbes calm this is an egg cell this
is what flows through my fallopian tubes
and waits to be turned into a baby with
a sperm but ain't gonna happen the egg
cell or ovum is the largest and most
important human cell in the world and
it's only found in women and then we
have is this an amoeba
it's an amoeba and they have like a
picture on every single one of them if
you guys don't know I love giant
microbes early in the days of Friday
night male there was someone who would
send me a lot of the giant microbes but
then they kind of stopped and I have a
pretty big collection I even have like a
giant one it's really cool I should show
you guys my collection when I move
anyway the word amoeba comes from the
Greek word meaning to change they move
around by using into their own pseudo
pods false feet and are constantly
changing their color and shape so cute
and it's got like a flower he's like
will you be mine and then this is I
think this is the cutest one this is a
brain cell no its penicillin and that's
actually what penicillin looks like
thousands of years ago the ancient
Egyptians and Chinese rubbed moldy bread
and soybean curds on their body to help
treat skin infections and then later
damn girl and then later they made
penicillin I'm gonna like short it up
for you and oh my god
it's a fucking tiny sperm it's a tiny
sperm and it's got a little baby boy
rattler on it that is so cute
oh my god I have a bigger sperm cell now
I have a baby sperms oh this is like one
of the sperm cells that wouldn't make it
cuz he's not as big and not as strong as
his brothers and sisters the word sperm
comes from seed in Greek and the average
man makes over a thousand sperm per
second that is a lot of sperm that can
go in this region and this region right
of course very few sperm will ever have
their chance to fertilize a mother's egg
and pass along the father's good looks
and personality and there's another
paragraph on all of these if you want to
check them out fucking dude I feel like
this company should be making you so
much fucking money I don't know how
successful they are but giant microbes
as well as there's another company where
Demi sent me her ovary and they're like
really happy happy happy body I don't
know what the fuck they're called but
the company like that that teach you
things while sending you plushies that
is the perfect fucking gift the perfect
thing you can send me and I fucking love
giant microbes you are so good Robert
Owen
been so good for this 50th anniversary
of FM's since this is 50.5 you know also
Shawn like this is my favorite outfit
that anyone sent me my favorite costume
I guess I would say I really like it it
fits me well I didn't think I would love
something that's Wonder Woman so much
also we have fucking Eevee slippers you
can't go fucking wrong with Eevee
slippers you just can't so this has been
a very successful very amazing FM and a
very surprising one because I got a
fucking plaque like ad nowhere from my
favorite company that's been helping me
survive and survive as a content creator
for like a year and a half now it's
amazing thank you everyone thank you my
patrons my followers my subscribers
anyone who has just checked out my
channel and enjoyed something and liked
a video you guys are fucking amazing and
so helpful to me I love you and I miss
you right now right about now I'm
probably missing making videos
convalescing and recovering my boobies
and just thinking about how much I want
to return to making videos so just know
that you guys are in my heart my mind
and I'm thinking about you right now I
love you guys thank you so much like the
video subscribe to the channel if you
enjoyed I will see you next week with
more giveaways more Q&A and opening all
of your fucking mail and as always if
you want to send me something my address
is down in the description and a link to
my Amazon wishlist if you don't know
what to get me is there as well my
birthday is in almost exactly a month
now so if you want to send me a letter
or something that would be the time to
do it
November 10th guys write it in your
calendars I don't really do much for my
birthday but I hope to have a pretty
cool FM with a lot of heartfelt letters
and cool cards and stuff I love you from
the bottom of my Wonderwoman titties you
guys are awesome
bye
