what is up guys I'm doing a random
fucking Vlad vlog today I am just about
to record my little lake I'm talking
about my favorite plushie from my
childhood my tales I love my tales so
much he's clearly very worn very worn so
if you guys want to watch that video
I'll try to upload that video first so I
can post that video down in the
description I'm looking at myself
because I am where I usually film videos
so I can see myself on my laptop sitting
here looking like a fucking lazy ass
just you know vlogging for you guys I'm
gonna do something fun today I don't
know I had something cool just happened
just now and I'm like ruining my fucking
chair by doing this I'm sorry if I'm
shaking I'm like tired I recorded like
10 videos today to get ready for my
surgery in two days I'm exhausted
my voice is giving out and I just
decided to make this video so I just got
my groceries delivered I got a bunch of
stuff delivered like vegetarian
Lunchables and things that I can just
eat like cheese sticks and stuff that I
won't have to make well I'm you know
recovering from surgery or whatever so I
have stuff delivered from Safeway right
and the guy who usually delivers to me
is like he's like in his 50s or
something he looks kind of like my dad
but like a nicer version of my dad and
my dad's like a really nice guy he's
like super oh really nice but he is the
most sarcastic motherfucker in the world
always making jokes always being an
asshole like in that way never like a
mean person but you know this guy's like
Santa Claus like the nicest guy in the
world type of thing so he looks like my
dad but nicer I guess I would say and he
was like are you famous and like when
you walk into my house you see this here
let me show you you see this setup and
there's me in the fucking whatever the
fuck and I was in the middle of
recording when he brought my stuff so he
was like are you famous and I was just
assuming that he was like why the fuck
are you filming yourself in like this
area with like a fucking setup you know
and he was like me and my friend who
were watching YouTube and you popped up
and he was like oh my god I deliver to
that girl and then he was like no way
get an autograph or something and I
shouldn't offered him an autograph I
don't know why I didn't it would have
been cute or whatever but um I thought
it was cute then he recognized me it
doesn't happen very often where I go out
or where someone actually recognizes me
so it was really cute I actually got
recognized a lot more when I was a model
or whatever but oh today I
show you some funny let me see if I can
find it I have to like walk all over my
house to try to find it oh where did I
put my shit I don't know where I put it
oh here it is here it is oh my god can I
sit over here and there's still enough
light because there's not enough light
oh my god I love how glad just he
doesn't even need light to you normalize
and be awesome so there is I got these J
bought me these headphones because I
wanted another pair of headphones and he
has a red pair that he really really
enjoys I'm sorry that I'm losing my
voice I'm out of breath and this is the
most Engrish filled Engrish filled
fucking thing i've ever seen in my
entire life like it
Engrish makes me laugh and you guys know
don't know what english is it's like
companies or people do not know how to
speak fucking English and their
sentences are just like so wacky so let
me read this to you fighting bird
earphone is the title um
some people in our lives who fighting
for their goals wholeheartedly okay so
every time I say comma it means combo
with no spaces between the words or the
comma so it's just like word no space
comma more words right so it's like
wholeheartedly comma we should be proud
of them who even fighting for a humble
goal as countless humble goals
accumulated may be a great achievement
comma same as the bird exercises over
and over again to learn fly persevered
after numerous failures comma eventually
learn to fly comma space this time fly
higher and farther that is the
information I need to know about my
fucking headphones it's hilarious oh my
god these are called the U easy I don't
know if you can see you look fucking
focus focus Vlad you easy fucking
headphones right there's more I'm gonna
read this to you even more to protect
your hearing okay this is precautions
right to protect your hearing
Calma please do not turn the volume to
maximum or have the prolonged use of the
earphone don't have the prolonged use
I'm gonna upload this instead of Terry's
comments one of the weeks that I don't
have Terry's comments probably next week
cuz this is hilarious this is fucking
funny okay do not use the earphone in
dangerous areas and the environment so
as to avoid the occurrence of failure of
perception of the surrounding risky
conditions do not use these in the
environments that's that's a good good
tip there do not disassemble or modify
the earphone and do not forcibly pull
the earphone wire during use that
actually seems okay I tried to make it
sound more Engrish it wasn't but it's
pretty funny do not use the earphone
okay wait do not store the earphone near
heating equipment and other
high-temperature equipment humid or
dusty places in the middle of nowhere
humid or dusty places and then expose
what to shit about manufacturing in Hong
Kong but it's pretty funny like what the
fuck there's some more shit on the front
ok design inspiration from bird comma
unique appearance makes it out standing
in the crowd comma fine technology makes
it more perfect and it's make it more
perfect not makes it I just threw that
in there because I can't on in glitch my
fucking words and then it says the
earphone is featured with ten millimeter
high quality moving coil unit comma
which provides the excellent bass dive
ability and the real and natural sound
quality that wasn't too bad was it but I
find this to be thoroughly hilarious
hilarious and Jay I can't fucking talk
anymore I'm like actually losing my
goddamn voice and Jay really likes these
headphones so I recommend them for the
for the hilarity and for the actual
sound quality like bird it's like bird
fighting bird look fighting bird like
you've gotta see this you guys see
fighting bird Tara reads your Engrish
fucking fighting bird shit my nails are
so gross right now I had to take the
paint off the nails because you know
when you have like a life monitoring
system when you go under general
anesthesia they need to be able to see
the color underneath your acrylics so
that they can ascertain that you're
getting enough oxygen because if you're
not getting enough oxygen
underneath your nails will start turning
blue first so that's like the first
indicator that you need more oxygen and
stuff there's a lot of things I'm going
to be talking about into the surgery
vlogs that you guys will see probably a
month after I get the surgery so a month
from now probably I wanted to get the
before and after otherwise I would
upload it as soon as I'm finished with
the surgery as one of the two week off
videos
but nothing else is really going on with
my life I'm really excited to move now
like I'm not too opposed to Vegas
anymore I feel like I have found houses
that I actually enjoy but Jay went to to
an appointment to see if he's allergic
to something because he has these sinus
issues and we went to this place in
what's the city called mmm it's a koala
it's akua's like kind of it's not too
far away it's like 25 minutes away or
whatever but once you get there it's
like a ton of town homes and really nice
houses and then it's right next to like
this gigantic fucking expansive forest
and I'm just like really really really
gonna miss being near that much green
you know like the forest seems so cool
like I want to move down there and
there's like a Safeway right next to
where we were we were at like the
Swedish Medical Center the place was
crazy it had a fucking piano that was
playing on its own and it was actually
depressing the keys as it was playing
for like the correct keys that should be
depressed to make the correct sound it
wasn't just like a regular self playing
piano it was really cool it was like um
you know sometimes like games glitch and
then you don't see the NPC playing it's
just kind of like a phantom something's
going on you know it was kind of like
that it was really cool so I posted it
to Instagram I might add it in here too
um but the place was weird like
downstairs in that hospital is it's got
a bunch of like wellness stores but
they're not as much wellness stores that
would make sense to be there as they
were like places where you can buy
accessories it was like the gift shop
but more like what you would see in an
airport like a bunch of those types of
stores like with the luggage and stuff
you know they have the stores and the
airport it was like that and then
upstairs was all the stuff and they had
like a plastic surgery area there it was
really clean really huge it was really
cool it's kind of cool right across the
street from this big-ass fucking forest
that I think I took a picture of and I
might post on Instagram also but I'm
gonna miss that you see a lot of the
houses in Vegas like their yards are
just like gravel with like random little
like Tufts of fucking grass that like
are barely even considered grass and
it's just like I'm gonna miss the
greenery but that's not a good enough
reason to stay here and spend like a
hundred grand or 200 grand more on the
same house not if like it might even be
like 500 grand more like it's so
Oh much more expensive to find a nice
house here than it is in Vegas like
Vegas you can get like a really nice
house for like 200 grand it's really
weird so it just makes more sense to mow
down there and I'm getting over the fact
that I'm gonna have the change of
scenery the change of humidity the
change of heat and everything and I
don't really care about the heat as long
as I have a/c and you're not gonna find
a/c easily here so that's another thing
that's really annoying
I don't know I'm laying here uh I hope
you guys enjoy the laying down vlogs and
the Vlad vlogs and stuff there's gonna
be feeling them out
these next two weeks because I made a
lot of them for um well I didn't make a
lot I actually only made like two or
three but I made a few of them for my
weeks off and if they don't do well at
all or if you guys don't enjoy them then
you know maybe I won't keep posting them
but I feel like so many people say that
they miss me being candid like this and
me being more personal like this and
feeling like you're this close to me and
I'm just laying around my house and
that's like you know something that
people find enjoyable so I don't know
I'm hoping that my eyelashes don't
create like a huge issue when I go into
surgery
I asked about eyelash extensions and she
said well don't get them redone right
right like around your surgery because
we might have to tape your eyes closed
so your eyes don't get dried out during
the surgery but the funny thing is I had
like the spindle II ass like really
small eyelash extensions when I asked
and then like two days after that I was
like well I'm gonna have about two weeks
to you know let the eyelashes settle so
it's not that big of a deal and it
seemed like she wasn't saying it was
actually posing a health risk more than
they didn't want to have to ruin my
eyelashes so I was like whatever but
imagine me coming in with these things
and I'm not even supposed to wear any
makeup when I go into surgery it's like
really important not to they're gonna be
like can you take off your fucking false
eyelashes I'm gonna be like they're
glued there that's my eyelash extension
sorry guys and it's gonna be pretty
funny I don't know I need to go record
other videos and stuff but I just
thought I would tell that cute little
story about them recognizing me and show
you guys my Engrish headphones let me
take a fucking
there we go that's the thumbnail I love
you guys like the video and subscribe to
the channel if you enjoy if you enjoy
these videos please vocalize that down
in the comments because your opinions
will be the dis acting the de facto
decision-making portion of whether or
not I was just trying to like you know
make that sentence work of whether or
not I'm going to keep doing these videos
here's my feet um and so yeah let me
know if you like them I love you guys so
much and I will see you in the next
video bye
