hey guys if you're watching this it is
Tuesday and yesterday I got my boobs
redone oh my god so surprising so
awesome now before you guys criticize me
and freak out I did not just do this to
go bigger on a whim there are many
reasons some even prudent that I did
this and basically it was just that like
they last seven to ten years it's been
eight I'm moving soon and I wanted to
get it done with my bed my favorite
plastic surgeon also I wanted to go
slightly bigger to make the you know
boobs look more fake again I'm having a
few tweaks done and I'm also going from
saline to silicone gel which means it's
not going to be able to rupture and
because these boobs are so old like
eight years old or whatever and because
I'm so rough with them it is very
possible that they could randomly
rupture and then it would be an
emergency and I just wanted to get ahead
of that and get some silicon because
silicon so much better especially
silicone gel but there will be a full
comprehensive vlog that I do later on my
experience I'm actually vlogging the
whole thing and that will happen about
like a month from now I'll probably have
it up because I want to get the after to
the before as well but I'm just doing
this video to let you know that for the
next two weeks everything you see here
on this channel and the other channel is
pre-recorded I've been working my
fucking ass off and if you can't tell
I'm actually losing my fucking voice
from how many videos I've done in the
past week and a half and I've done like
ten today just trying to get enough
content so I don't miss any days on
either channel so if you see that a
video is late or a video doesn't go up
on a certain day it's because I'm
recuperating I will be posting things on
my Instagram as much as I possibly can
and updating you guys on discord and
patreon so if you are a patron or if
you're on the discord server because
you're a sub or whatever I just want to
let you guys know that I'm afk but I'm
doing my best to bring you as much
content as possible I fucking love you
guys I thank you so much for all the
support the kind wishes the good lucks
and everything like that and I just
wanted to let you know that's where I am
that is why I'm FK for the next two
weeks
I am recuperating and if you want to
know anything Instagram is the best
place to go at Tara Babcock guys I'm
very excited for my new boobs but I'm
also excited to stop feeling like at any
point they could just burst because
they're saline and I'm excited for the
new and better feel and look of high
profile silicone gel
implants and it's just very important
that I do this with dr. Baxter rather
than do it with some random person in
Vegas and to have to fly back would just
be way too much stress on me when I
travel because I'm a homebody and I love
being at home sitting on the couch
playing video games and if I had to
recover in some hotel bed I would not
recover as properly so it just seems
like the best time to do it and I have
about a month until my birthday so I'll
recover by then hopefully and I'll be
able to wear sexy things on Halloween
and stuff so it just seems like the best
place and time to do it that's pretty
much the short version I'll give you a
long version in a future vlog as I said
I love you guys and I hope you enjoy the
content that I prepared for you for the
next two weeks I know a lot of people
are saying why don't you just take the
next two weeks off and just rest we
understand but like I feel like I owe it
to you guys not really owe it to you
guys I just feel like my channel is
important to me and I don't want an
elective surgery to like put a damper on
the content that I'm supposed to be
creating or to leave you guys as boxes
and stuff that you send me unopened for
so long or you know to just not give you
guys the few laughs and things that I do
with my content I don't want to be afk
completely for two weeks I want to
produce more content and it'll make me
feel less anxiety about taking time off
if I have videos loaded as if I was
still there you know what I'm saying I
love you guys so much thank you for
everything you're fucking amazing like
the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoyed I know this isn't a very
redeemable video it's just like a little
update video I don't usually do this but
yeah I wanted to let you guys know in a
way where I can actually reference back
if someone's like where's Tara bin I can
just post a link or whatever so that's
what I'm doing I'm recuperating from new
boobs it'll take about two weeks for me
to get out of the stupid sports bra
after that I'll still have to be careful
for about a week I can't like do any
vigorous running or cardio or anything
like that but I think I can be back to
making videos at least editing videos in
the first week but then making videos in
the second or third week if it takes
longer I'll let you guys know love you
wish me luck you are so amazing so
awesome and I hope you continue to watch
while I'm afk I I prepared some pretty
good videos for you guys you'll like it
bye mwah
