hey guys welcome to one of the best shit
Tara says videos fucking ever it is a
collaborative effort by OB aka 3x gaming
and Nicolas else taught two of my
favorite fucking content creators
especially for shit Tara says they work
together on this it's just fucking
amazing you have to watch so I'm gonna
not spoil it too much but these are two
of my favorite people in the world
3x gaming it does a lot of gaming
content he's hilarious and has a great
personality and Nicolas Elsa is the
original creator of shit Tara says he
also has a really awesome tumblr with a
lot of sexy Tara gifts and also
exclusive fanservice Friday gifts that
I've approved of course I will be
posting their links down in the
description so if you want to support
them please please do they're awesome
subscribe follow become a patron I don't
know do it all anyway this is it's it's
just amazing roll the footage oh and if
you don't know why I'm just like Wonder
Woman you'll have to wait until next
Friday is Friday night male I'm not
gonna spoil anything what woman doesn't
want her man to be like Dame you just
gave me a boner they should put that on
a Hallmark card ooh the watch the let's
play I did of life is strange know that
I was riding Warren's dick hardcore the
whole fucking games when do we have a
problem with boobs they're fucking great
mine hers everyone from an anal sex is
much much better because of the prostate
that's located a couple inches in the
anus racist slut confirmed
live from Seattle Washington it's tough
to use your host
we are gonna fuck and marry the
rock-like have a crazy one-night stand
with him and then eventually hook up a
few years later and the Marion they'll
be plenty plenty of time for you to
smell what the Loch
and kill the other two sorry Paul Walker
it's never too soon to make a joke
I'm definitely married Kevin Hartz even
though he's my height it was just like
oh that's the worst thing that's the
biggest turnoff to me is when someone is
like my height or shorter it's just not
okay to me sexually my loins do not want
it obviously it's okay we can be friends
but get another see nobody will alone
dick you're gonna learn today you're
gonna learn with a long thick book like
this heaven where's Angelina Jolie
Arnold Schwarzenegger are we talking
Arnold Schwarzenegger in his heyday I
feel like that would be unfair it would
just be like fuck and marry Arnold's
wasn't Schwarzenegger
Schwarzenegger I need to swallow your
clothes give them to me
now we are going to fuck Guerin and
marry kratos cuz out of my pussy
um um um
good evening beauties and gentle
beauties
this is mettaton reporting live from MIT
news an interesting situation has arisen
in eastern heartland fortunately our
correspondent is out there reporting
live frame correspondent please find
something newsworthy to report our 10
wonderful viewers are waiting for you as
penis being I'm peeing I'm peeing I'm
peeing everything's fine I'm painting on
something here fuck was that a fart oh
and trick you get lazier and lazier
every day hey take it easy I've gotten a
ton of work done today
ask Ellis why does someone as great as
me have to do so much to get some
recognition
Wow sounds like you're really working
yourself down to the bone
why did the skeleton want a friend
because she was feeling bone Lee that is
messed up I just got friend-zoned by a
pile of bones that wouldn't even bone me
hey it's you again
business is excellent here these two
fellas brought all bought all my ice
cream I've actually sold out of
everything sorry
wait I've still got something for you a
big smile how about that
Oh could it be my one true love
I'm so fucked good luck darling oh I'm
so fucked
oh no it's lunchtime fucks I am
absolutely completely fucked Oh God not
this
I'm so fucking screwed oh I'm so fucking
scared I'm like freaking out oh god why
oh my god can I just get eaten by him no
it kills me
oh she loves the praise again oh god no
why I'm so fucked
oh my god I'm so fucked
I'm seven left I'm gonna get rekt not
die Oh
I died I fucking died you'll be stop
fighting me forever you put some water
in the pot and place it on the heat you
wait for the water to boil what what
it's boiling you place the noodles onto
the pot or minutes left until the
noodles are finished three minutes left
until the new disease are fast minutes
two minutes left until the noodles are
finished one minute left
actually waiting they don't taste very
good you add the flavor packet that's
better not great but better
I only recovered eight HP for that no
don't die don't die don't fucking die I
have one vagina left god no what I have
two HB o fucking cock alright please
give me a fucking say I have two HP oh
oh this is too much drama for me here
what the fuck oh my god so my I'm
fucking can i I know that I'm gonna be
able to do Jonas I swear he's already
decided but Jonas is Daisy stepbrother
is my fucking brother what's really
strange luck luck this isn't about
superstition
and okay aliens and shit
ghosts this is about getting dip
hopefully Jonas will talk to me about
his dick I'm interested in that Jonas
yak Jonas has a point for the digger
tell me more things Jonas so I can agree
with you for the dick
please Jonas tell me more things about
daddy Jonas talked to me more I'm in
love with you come on come on come on
come on sexy fuck come on sexy time come
on you sexy fuck let's go let's go Jonas
pushed me up with your dick pee on me
Wow he peed on me like that was really
fast
he's lucky I want his dick because he's
annoying
let's go Jonas what'd you just call me a
ho put a fucking retard
he's pretty okay let's stop arguing
because I'm not gonna get the dick let's
just like make love so I don't have to
keep being fucking nice to you can we
just like make out can we fuck let's
fuck right here right now face down ass
up I said what what in the butt I said
what what in the butt I said what what
in the butt you want to do it in my butt
in my book do you want to do it in my
butt in my butt you want to do in my
butt we're up in the world just bend me
over this fucking railing right here
like it would be amazing what's she
waiting for come on what you waiting for
next time wait yeah like sex in this
tower will be so amazing because of how
fucking tall it is and how alone there
and how like the night sky and shitting
and should be like fucking fresh air and
I don't understand
doing it apparently it's more important
to deal with like aliens aware of the
fuck we're all alone in like an
alternate reality or some shit and he
doesn't want to talk like really really
nigga fucking grief on this game zero
out of ten no sex no tower sex why can't
Batman be black so the subtitle of my
new Batman episode was Batman's not
black black Batman's not black so you
clearly didn't even watch the video
because the reason the title is that way
is because even though Commissioner
Gordon told his subordinate not to shoot
Batman like five minutes later for no
reason he shoots Batman what the fuck
he's not black come down No
so if you have a problem with any of
that maybe we just wouldn't be friends
but before you go ahead and assume that
it's a racist comment instead of like oh
I wish Batman was black which it could
have been actually watch the content
comments video such a problem with
society of these days when everyone is
so fucking sensitive and they think that
their opinions are the correct opinions
even though objective morality does not
exist the way that I live or you're
wrong and I hate I think you're a bad
person and I spend a lot of my time
trying to make you sad just stop a
sunburn is like getting an STD from the
Sun for not wearing protection because
the two biggest
agers are sun and cigarette smoke and he
also says that fair skin tones age
faster if there was every time I wanted
to be black it would be now you don't
really have to read this on your video
you probably shouldn't I think I'll stop
right there
he'll know what I'm talking about but
damn what the hell fucking nice
that was one of my favorites of all of
the types of things that you just sent
me you fucked in the 6th grade
I don't care if you're smarter than
other hoes but you are a skank
if you're gonna try to extend a word
make it not a consonant and more like a
vowel that you can actually extend the
sound of like skank
instead of skank also I don't think
anyone in the sixth grade is like yeah
I'm gonna be a career slut maybe your
mother oh I look like a fucking homeless
Pikachu loving I guess not homeless
maybe like a hipster which is like one
of the same kind of lover of goombahs
lover of goombahs they're so angry some
people I can fuck you United States
Postal Service it's the United States
Postal Service - it's not like the
international shit it's not fucking
customs like you guys are fucking
garbage oh you think like putting this
and I'm gonna baggy this is sorry makes
it better like fuck you seriously it's
like so disgusting that you guys just
can't do your fucking jobs like really
you had one job large and justices have
been wrong upon me and I'm just like
angry today because it's more the fact
that like people are incompetent I can't
stand idiocy like oh it's like the
biggest pet peeve of mine and then also
the fact that these people sent me these
things
I got the kindness of your hearts and
like people like spend time on making
these things and then the fucking USPS
is just like fuck you and the people
sending me my gifts there's like fuck
you you get like a subpar item because
we don't give a fuck fucking asshole
just to your jobs right man I feel like
I'm doing my job sufficiently am I not
entertaining you are you not entertained
am I not like improving my production
quality rather than just like turning
into like fucking marina Joyce or
something and doing drugs and being
crazy like what the hell you know come
on fatality viewer discretion is advised
play with that cock that big long harder
x kox come I want you to come all over
me yeah
just tease yourself I don't want you
coming too quickly you are making me so
wet okay now really we're gonna
debauchery start / start debauchery
let's get naked
every day which I will fuck the Minnie
Mouse HOAs yes I know that this exists I
know that I am doing this I hope you
enjoyed as much as I do
if it detracts from my content for you
the door is this way but if you enjoy
tits and quality content thank you so
much for watching don't forget to like
the video subscribe to the channel have
a wonderful fucking day bye guys
next time on shit terraces I have to
name one after Obi one that can be black
and has a big big black dick or big
beautiful dick I love you Obi thanks for
checking in oh no it's one shot at Fox I
am absolutely completely fucked Oh God
not this
I'm so fucking screwed I'm so fucking
screwed I'm like freaking out oh god why
oh my god can I just get eaten by him no
it kills me
oh she loves the praise again oh god no
why I'm so fucked
oh my god I'm so fucked
I'm seven left I'm gonna get rekt not
died I died I fucking died forever
