guys what time is it it's Friday night
mail time
oh yeah last week I told you guys I
would let you know what I named my
little boobs spirits and where he came
from he came from J mood thank you so
much J mood and J mood was actually the
person who suggested the perfect fucking
name for him basal-like from Fawlty
Towers that is one of J moods and my
favorite TV series and doesn't he just
look like a basil he looks like a basil
so fucking cute thank you so much Steven
for sending me what is now one of my
favorite fucking plushies ever and he's
just so adorable look at him anyway if
you guys haven't seen spirited away yet
or any of the Studio Ghibli movies you
need to moving on he's gonna stay in my
lap right here you guys sent me so much
stuff like so much stuff I have twice as
much stuff as usual if not three times
as much stuff that I am going to be
splitting it into two videos I don't
know if you guys are like a hive mind
with me and you knew that I wasn't gonna
be able to go to the PIO box next week
because I'll be recovering from surgery
so you guys decided to send me I have to
split it into two videos or if you guys
just thought that you would get me
something early for my birthday my
birthday is November 10th guys no need
to buy me anything but do send me cards
send me things anyway I don't know what
the reason was but I got so much stuff
so I'm gonna be splitting it into two
videos so if you got me something in the
track and says that it's delivered and
it's not in this video it will be in the
video next Friday
and I will be doing a giveaway and
answering some questions in both videos
I'm just gonna be pre recording it and
then voicing over next week's winner
with your name is hilarious fashion like
I did in my recent story time video Tifa
Lockheart
alright let's get into it we have two
questions the first question is from
kiff Terra which Asian country would you
like to travel to be it shopping
vacation etc I've always wanted to go to
Japan I love Japanese culture I love
Japanese games I love their views on sex
and relationships I love Japanese women
I love Asian men hentai anime video
games schoolgirl panties Spencer's but
because in the last couple years I've
been so interested in eSports I've
always wanted to go to Korea South Korea
that is one of the guys I slept with
before also lived down there for a while
so I thought about going down there to
see him so South Korea and Japan South
Korea for eSports and because I feel
like I know so much about it from having
friends that live there and from being
into eSports and Starcraft for so long
in Japan because Japanese culture
into none Matthew Martinez says I wonder
how many stuffed animals slash toys
slash thingies do you have that's the
first question uh this is not nearly all
of them I have them all over the house
and I also have like bags and bags full
that I left in my parents house
I've been collecting plushies since I
was very very very young and I do plan
on having like a plushie room where I
can just dive into plushies once I move
it's gonna be awesome
second question would you date a
bodybuilder bro that's like the ideal of
course what is your favorite ice cream
flavor mint chocolate chip I like mint
and chocolate together it's so fucking
good if I started a carbonated type
beverage and called it virgin goat
plasma would you buy and/or drink it all
of the above yes that sounds fucking
amazing alright now for the giveaway
announcements guys if you want to sign
up for this week's giveaway the link
will be in the description there will be
a giveaway next week no matter what I
will suffer through the pain to get it
done the winner of this week's giveaway
was Luca D congratulations Luca D you
got that big D so Luca D doesn't play PC
games but the straw poll winner was any
game on Steam right
so I decided because of that that I'm
not gonna do the straw poll anymore I'm
just gonna let the winner decide which
prize he wants makes more sense right so
anyway weekly giveaway link will be in
the description just sign up by doing
any one of the things that it asks you
to do it's not that hard and you might
be the lucky winner that gets either an
autographed image Tara Babcock merch of
your choice or a steam game of your
choice alright let's get into these
fucking packages the first thing I have
is so amazing because it is a little
letter it says Misti Babcock on O so
cute and it is from Jordan LeClair and
oh my god his address is amazing oh okay
Jordan you know why your address is
amazing it's the first letters in your
address and what it spells just gonna
say that not gonna you know give out
your address cuz that would be like
completely fucked up alright we've got a
big bundle of stuff and it looks like a
letter oh this is so sweet
dear Tara my name is Jordan this is my
first time writing to you I've been a
huge fan of your content for the past
couple years I stumbled on your channel
several years ago and I have enjoyed
your videos ever since then however back
then I was flabbergasted at how someone
as beautiful and intelligent as you
could have so few subscribers relatively
speaking of course I wondered the same
thing all the time I mean I don't know
what I deserve obviously my
subscriber count' is indicative of what
I deserve because I have pretty good
visibility on the internet right like I
feel like a lot more people have heard
of me than have subscribed to me and
that just says something I'm not for
everyone I guess then I began tell all
of my buddies on xbox to watch your
content
I have watched almost every one of your
vlog channel videos and yes even the old
cringe you wants on the phone vlogs oh I
sometimes even go check out your gaming
channel I don't do this all the time
because I'm not a big fan of indie games
or legal legends Oh oh my god I'm
usually just watching those videos for
the commentary I also love your streams
however they can be rather late for me
oh sorry a lot of people who live in the
US have this problem especially since I
see that you're in New York and that's
like three hours later than me and I
also start streaming at like midnight my
time I'm sorry if I was like a full time
streamer and didn't have the YouTube
thing or anything else going on I would
definitely be tailoring it more to what
my viewers want to see I still turn it
in just to check it out sometimes I even
go on Tara binges the other day I
watched your whole dark souls 3 playlist
and you're Batman telltale playlist oh
thank you so much although I'm a big
viewer I'm not a huge conveyor of my
opinions in the comments section I've
also never been a huge part of this
community I've just recently joined the
discord server awesome please read from
here down off camera will do Oh
that's completely fine no big deal at
all Oh stapled it's stapled I didn't
even notice
oh I haven't used a stapler and ever
actually like a tiny pink stapler I
don't know why I'm geeking out over
stapling I'm weird
also dogs are awesome I just want to say
that that's all I'm gonna divulge about
that private part but thank you private
part but thank you so much for letting
me know this it's so sweet you guys
don't know how much I cherish letters
like it might seem silly but letters are
sometimes more important to me than like
the packages and the things that I
actually one of my wish lists and stuff
that I picked out letters are more from
the heart you know they're personal all
right can read the rest on camera I want
to thank you for being both an awesome
and interesting person with great taste
in music
I also completely agree with your stance
on feminism and social justice warriors
oh yeah
although we do have some differing
political opinions I can look past that
I do really love your content and not
just on YouTube and twitch but also on
Instagram oh girl oh yeah I am a massive
supporter of your content just not one
of the more vocal ones like rubber
tongue to new guy and OB shout out to
Robert Ogden new guy and OB and Jordan I
I understand not posting a lot of
YouTube comments like I watch a lot of
YouTube videos like when I'm doing my
makeup or when I have nothing else to do
which is rare but you know what happens
and I never post comments and what I do
I try to make it funny something that
people would want to up vote you know in
the future you can expect me to become
more vocal and an avid member of the
community I can't wait to watch some
more of your content so I can support it
oh thank you so much seriously I know
you're going to say that I don't need to
support your content financially but I
disagree you deserve it keep up the
amazing content I love it Oh sincerely
Jordan aka Mugwump oh your mom I am so
excited to learn more about you and talk
to you more this is amazing this is the
best way you could have introduced
yourself as a new patron as a viewer as
an anything and it was just so sweet
thank you and babies in the hallway cue
the babies in the hallway well I'm
having a fucking heartfelt moment anyway
Thank You Jordan you're so sweet mmm
these people leave the fucking hallway
like seriously I'm like sitting here
with my hand on a box
your mom's box watch should I go out
there with a box cutter and like
threatened to kill them assault with a
deadly package opening device Wow now
that I'm waiting and looking at this box
cutter it took 3 screws to screw on this
fucking clip they didn't want you to
like put it on and then like it bursts
off and like hits you in the eye and
then they have a fucking lawsuit on
their hands anyway we've got a box
because I think the family in the
hallway have died or gone away hopefully
in the former oh man they're all jokes I
swear they're jokes I don't hate kids no
I don't what is this girl boy Oh amazing
LMT one more to add to your collection
hope to reach 1 million plushies for you
one day oh my god I would need like a
whole separate house for 1 million
plushies awesome LMT yay 50th FM oh yeah
awesome oh is that one I didn't even
know it was the 50th fucking FM
so we have got two Mario's we've got the
flying squirrel Mario and we've got I
don't know this is a cat Mario or
whatever this is like newer than old
retro Mario so sometimes I don't know
what they're actually called but I think
this is stuff from new super mario world
and things like that so cute I'll keep
this bag away from babies and children
it can cling to their nose and mouth and
prevent breathing now I know what to do
next time they're walking down the
fucking hallway when I'm trying to do
videos this is Luigi my bad
you can tell by his face shape that it's
Luigi I don't think there's nothing
indicating that it's Luigi other than he
has a slightly slightly different face
than his brother he's got less of a chin
you know he's got less of a strongman
chin
next we have this box this box of doom
all right basil you're gonna have to go
over here I say basil but I'm pretty
sure you're supposed to say basil but I
feel like that's just so British and I
speak with an American accent open it up
good oh my god what is this what did I
get first thing I see is this right here
I don't know what this is
Oh with the glasses oh my god your mom's
a whore deal with it bitch oh my god I'm
gonna fucking all I'm gonna use this in
Terry's comments it's just gonna be like
every time I make a joke before I make a
joke I'm gonna put these on I don't care
if it puts a hamper on my joke making
and makes it less organic I like that
the carrying thing this comes in it's
like super high quality I like putting
that next to my face but oh my god what
did I get
oh shit it's the Donkey Kong ones are
you guys fucking kidding me who the fuck
sent me this boo who sent me this you
guys who did it
it is the fucking a Donkey Kong vans oh
my god this is like the first Donkey
Kong like you can see on the tongue it
shows off the first Donkey Kong this is
oh are you guys serious and it has black
laces too so any time I'm wearing like
dark clothes and I don't want like the
white laces making it really tacky I've
got the fucking Donkey Kong ones
oh my god so fucking good you guys are
awesome
who sent me this oh my god it's a really
no note in the box if this is from Cody
thank you so much I'm not quite sure but
these are fucking amazing like I can't
even right now what angle I have to go
like this mmm-hmm deal with it I got the
best shoes in the block laughs oh my god
thank you so much oh I'm sorry
microphone please don't freak out
you good microphone you're not gonna
make my content all staticky you're good
baby girl okay I think it's good oh oh
my God thank you so much this is amazing
I don't know who sent me this but I am
feeling so badass just deal with it you
don't get a shout out because I don't
know who you are yeah MLG motherfucker
let's open this package go oh my god
it's a Snorlax oh my god is something
else what are these things who are they
from
what is this there's so many pieces of
paper that are irrelevant oh there we go
lovely LMT I think he won't be able to
stick his penis all the way to the
bottom of a bottle what the fuck does
that mean rubber tongue rubber tongue
what the fuck what the fuck does that
mean I'm gonna point at rubber tongues I
don't understand what the fuck he's
saying some fuckin Dutch shit I don't
get you know look at this Snorlax he is
so cute I'm gonna put him in the way of
anywhere the J is walking just so you
know he has to get that flute so that
wake up flute or whatever whatever you
guys have played fucking in martyrs
Mario you guys have big Pokemon okay mom
you guys know what I'm talking about
because this does it does an egg happy
man bottle cork stopper oh my god what
is this what is this oh my god it's for
a wine bottle look at his fucking ass he
has ass implants for sure look at this
fucking like are you guys seeing his fat
ass right now I'm his big fat dick that
you oh my god I'm gonna stick this on
all of my fucking wine bottles thank you
well thank you that's right Robert on
you stupid bitch Oh Robert tongue even
knew that the the decor of my house is
always black and red this is perfect and
they can bump uglies you know like so
to fight a little bit like deal with it
deal with a bitch these are cute
this one's rubber tongue but like rubber
tongue if he actually had a penis which
he doesn't or at least one that could be
called a penis you know what I'm saying
and then this one is J and this is like
a to scale replica of J and his penis oh
my god
good boy rubber tongue you made me laugh
that that's like one of the biggest the
best the best ever okay this is fragile
and it's from Halloween costumes calm I
can't imagine but we're gonna find out
so I don't really have to imagine you
know Sam I love you guys so much
seriously you guys are so supportive of
my awkwardly shaped vagina and what is
amazing there from five nights at
freddys I don't like this game just
letting you guys know I think it's a
fucking shitty game it you can't like
what the fuck they've made like a
hundred five of them just to make more
money but I saw this at the State Fair
recently and I thought it was the cutest
teddy bear and softest teddy bear ever I
have played the game I have episodes of
it up on my gaming channel youtube.com
slash Tara Babcock games if you're
interested in checking it out but um the
games just not my favorite but Freddy
fazbear and his big cuddly ass oh my god
he's so cuddly I love him I think this
is from Robert owned but he is so cute
now he can like just sit there creepily
in my bedroom and stare at me while I
sleep because I've always wanted to pay
a guy to do that you know I'm saying so
now it's like a dream come true
alright alright alright alright alright
we have one more no I lied it multiplied
and turned into two we have two more and
then we have that much and more for next
week's video that I'm gonna be recording
probably tomorrow or something so don't
wear the same outfits
what is this girl gorgeous LMT I hope
you like this Pokemon hat otherwise I am
in trouble I guess
oh you fuckin bought me one of those
like fisherman's hats or something
what is this forever tub oh my god we
should punish him just because he
clearly wants to be punished like I what
would I ever wear a hat like this like
I'm gonna have to now because it's so
cool and it matches my other hat
I should make J where the like regular
hat and then wear this one
and then wear these glasses and be like
just fucking deal with it we're still
gonna punish our tongue though even
though I kind of like it not the
punishment I mean the Hat we are still
gonna punish him because fuck that ho
last package of the week girl friend
girlfriend boyfriend I hate it when I
say thanks girl or like baby girl and
then they're like I'm not a girl I'm a
guy I'm like I know it's just my
expression I'm so sorry I'm not trying
to emasculate you Dickie slippers hi LMT
I hope you like my birthday
these penis slippers are made for you oh
yeah it's forever times birthday on
Sunday so the extra rude to him in the
comments because I'm sure that's what he
desires to be the fucking masochist and
he's my little bitch okay oh my god
there's a penis on my foot for sure dude
this one's actually like a rent like
it's actually like erecting at me it's
wonderful oh my god you guys are
hilarious and awesome and just the best
fucking people in the entire world the
population if we could just remove all
of them that are not you guys I would
you know we would have like the best
sample of people just like the best
fucking people I'm gonna keep fucking
exaggerating but it's not really an
exaggeration to me I'm gonna keep
seemingly exaggerating every single week
because you guys are just so fucking
amazing to me you are the best so you
are one of the best things about my life
and I would not be able to do this
without you and your viewership and your
support thank you fucking Jordan oh my
god and it looks like LM t LM T I'm LM T
it looks like rubber tongue got the
brunt of the rest of the things for me
maybe Cody got me the Donkey Kong shoes
which are fucking phenomenal best thing
ever like I think I like these the best
even though like there's pink peach ones
I think these just would go mostly with
most of the things that I wears what I'm
trying to say I don't know maybe I like
the peach one's better I'm not sure
which ones I like but this one feels a
little softer and
which here on the inside I don't know
we'll see we'll see how they fit in how
I like them guys like the video
subscribe to the channel and wish me
luck because in three days I'm going and
to get my boobs redone there will be
like a fully comprehensive vlog about it
but for now I'm just trying to
pre-record as many videos as I possibly
can and finish the videos that I have to
do this week as well for both channels I
don't want to miss many days if any days
on either channel so I'm trying to do
the extra work to have the extra content
for you guys and it might be like random
shit that I upload I don't know
love you so much like the video and
subscribe if you enjoyed please and just
have a wonderful fucking weekend have a
wonderful life and I will see you next
week with a new Fred inna mail fan mail
family Friday love vagina giant orgy
bye you're getting punished rubber
tongue deal with it
