hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara we have two more spec on
products to unbox today this is a
sponsored video ice pack on which means
that I have promo codes for you guys to
get some money off if you're interested
in either the Billy or the Emma I think
I have that the right way around this is
yes this is the Emma Mini and this is
the Billy Billy big dick is what I'm
gonna call this one anyway let's go
ahead and get into the unboxing and see
what these bad boys are like let's start
out with the Billy okay the Billy is in
color pink and this is a very discreet
box with a little plastic over up on the
top and as always these boxes come in
another box so it's very discreet if you
guys do want to buy something like this
but you don't want anyone to know that
you bought something like this it's
definitely not just gonna come like that
you know with like a big-ass dildo thing
on the front that's clearly like hey I
bought a sex toy here's what the box
looks like it's got the bumped out
lettering and the metallics here on the
side it says powerful vibration made
from green materials waterproof
rechargeable so this doesn't take actual
batteries that will be recharged with
USB we can open it up right there almost
broke a nail and slide it out like that
so here's the Billy in here is the extra
information but before we like jump
right into the Billy can we just talk
about how fucking light this is this is
one of the lightest vibrators of this
size that I've ever held I also love how
waterproof these things are so open this
up and we have the product registration
card snack home and the quality and
warnings manual and the product manual
so you know how it works how to use it
how to charge it things like that it's
pretty straightforward though so I don't
think you need these it's just a nice
thing to have and the best part the
fucking carrying case is back home on it
this is a lot like the quality of the
Tracy's dog products that I unboxed a
few weeks ago and by the way this will
be my last sponsored video for a while I
just had them all piling up I promise
you guys the next sex ed litera I record
is going to be about some shit like an
actual topic not unboxings but I enjoy
getting sex toys so this is almost as
good for me alright you pulled this out
and it's got foam in there to protect it
and here's the charging cable it has
like a tiny little charger that goes
into the hole that I actually have to
find because it's so small there it is
so you put it in like that and it's
definitely waterproof despite having a
place to put a charging cable in because
of how tiny it is ah does have a little
bit of a charge this vibrator actually
boasts that you can't hear it if you're
a meter away so it's very quiet you're
not going to get people in your house
suspecting you're doing something
especially if you're in a different room
from them I don't know if you guys can
hear that but it's like right next to
the mic you can also make it really
really low vibration so it's even less
audible to people around you I prove the
fact that it's pink it has a Stockholm
label there and it has a little gold
chrome right here you can go up and down
with the sensations up to a lot of
vibration like a lot and you can turn on
different vibes if you can hear that
right now it's like boom boom boom boom
boom you can have it pulsate rather than
just vibrate evenly hold it for three
seconds and it turns off it's nicely
curved to fit your Anatomy and it fits
in your hand very nicely and the buttons
aren't really really easy to bump so
you're not going to be like messing
stuff up just by holding it I would say
this is a really good product for women
not so much for men unless men just like
a little vibration on the balls or
something because it doesn't really have
a fail-safe for going into the anus like
it doesn't have a larger base that much
and I feel like using things like this
might be dangerous unless you have a
really good grip now this does have a
really good grip so I would say you can
use it for anal play but you should be
careful all right let's move on to the
next product I'm excited about this one
because it actually comes with an
attachment for the head of this vibrator
and it's upside down
sorry so it comes with this little thing
and I'm gonna unbox this first because
I'm really interested in it I think it's
cute I think it's interesting and I'm
not quite sure what I would use it for
so it comes in this packaging like this
kind of looks like the packaging that
electronics would come in so they don't
have static electricity damage and it's
like a tiny little penis with a tiny
head it's like a tiny flaccid like
teenager penis I don't know what the
fuck and you stick it on the head of
this thing and I'm not quite sure what
it's for maybe like teasing the anus
playing with the clit inserting just a
little bit into the vagina but either
way when you buy this it comes with this
I'll show you how to attach it once I
unbox this so once again we got a
plastic over up here that we're just
going to open oh so effortlessly I love
this back on boxes they're so sleek just
like a picture that's glossy and the
rest is matte and it tells you and shows
you exactly what the product is so it
says powerful vibrating wand mini Emma
there's a giant Emma I want to see the
giant Emma to be honest on the side it
says powerful vibrating wand intelligent
mode I don't know what that is it's
hundred percent waterproof and
rechargeable so once again no batteries
take it out like so we've got one of
those beautiful Stockholm cardboard
boxes
open and there it is oh my god please
take a box from here
well a box like there's many boxes and
you just like take one you know like
when you get in and you have to wait at
the DMV and it's like please take a
ticket it's kind of like that alright so
let's go ahead and find out with this
please take a box is about I think this
will probably have oh it's so fun how
differently and cleverly they have the
fucking bag like sometimes I'll put it
in an envelope sometimes they'll put it
in a box sometimes it'll come in the
envelope sometimes it'll come in the bag
itself yeah ever no we get with these
products here's the charge of this
charge you want it's a little bit
thicker than the other one but it is
still pretty small nonetheless and as
always the bags back home on it and
metallic letters but what we really want
to look at is the product right we want
to know what intelligent mode is so this
is what it looks like and for reference
you can stick I find this hilarious I
don't know why you can stick this thing
on somehow
oh that was difficult I don't know why
you would want to do this but you can do
it if you want to do it oh does this one
not come with any juice I think this one
actually oh there it is there it is all
right let's hit intelligent mode oh my
god oh my god I think I know what
intelligent mode is the rougher you are
the rougher it vibrates at first when I
wasn't doing anything it was barely
vibrating and now that I was like moving
in too fast ass motion it started
vibrating faster not moving at all
barely vibrating moving a lot vibrating
a lot this is interesting I think
couples should make a game of this to
see if this is whoa we just started
vibrating on knowhere okay calm down
calm down calm down I don't know how
good this intelligence stuff is we're
gonna read about it in a second but it
is however very interesting there you
have to hold it for 30 seconds but you
have to hold it in the middle on the
intelligent button thing
the intelligent button is kind of like
an S or something this intelligent stuff
reminds me of iRobot like our fucking
vibrators are gonna take over the world
I swear we've got this FAQ on product
registration card with the one-year
warranty both of these have 1 year
warranties which is cool let's take a
look at the Quick Start Guide ok so we
have the normal mode caressing mode
joist mode passionate mode climax mode
and spa calm mode the basic function of
buttons is on and off s mode repeat s
mode and it tells you how to do it you
press the S button for 2 seconds to turn
it on click the S key
in the non s mode and double-click the s
key in s mode if you want to turn on
certain things it has three status
displays different ways that the lights
will flash and stuff and it says visits
become net for the complete users manual
I think I'm gonna have fun playing with
the different features of that one
because it has a lot anyway you can
store the whole thing in your little new
sack on bag which again is highly
recommended if this is one of your first
videos of mine that you're watching you
need to know that certain products have
certain materials they're made out of
that when put together it can melt one
or the other material or completely ruin
it it happened to me with a male
masturbator sitting next to a silicone
wand like this the male masturbator was
made out of something else and the
chemical reaction was pretty bad it
looked like I had melted it in a
microwave or something all right guys
that's it for this unboxing make sure
you check out the links in the
description if you want to check out the
product on Amazon as well as use the
codes to get some money off I will also
be posting their official website down
in the description to which is FAQ on
net they use fa√ßon for sending me these
products and sponsoring this video and
supporting sex ed with Tara I love you
guys so much and remember keep fuckin
with highly-intelligent sex toys
apparently bye guys until next time
