hey guys what's up it is kind of dark in
here but I decided to do a vlog just
like fucking out of nowhere have you
guys seen my Streets of Rage hat oh my
God look at it
fucking I'm gonna turn it toward the
light so I could show you oh my god it's
so fucking good sorry for the like thing
just like falling down there and nicked
it know what tits are out I'm just
looking at my hair
let's move my hat out of my face so I
can see you guys ah this is the first
real Vlad phone vlog that I'm doing and
I want to talk today about being
different and I know I've talked a lot
of times about just loving yourself even
if you're different and not giving a
fuck what other people say and stuff and
just you know being yourself over trying
to appease other people and that's
something that like is a huge important
part of my life but there have been
times and even times now where I feel
like oh my god I'm so different and
that's so weird and the way that I kind
of combat that other than just like you
know not psyching myself out and
thinking like obviously what I'm doing
makes me happy that's what I should be
doing not what everyone else is doing
but another thing that helps me a lot is
actually trying it to do what they do
you know like trying to go to a party
parties are a big thing that I always
feel left out because I don't go to them
I don't do them I don't enjoy them and
every time I start feeling like maybe I
should be doing this or maybe I should
be more like other people I go to a
party and I just see what it's like and
then I'm like yeah I didn't enjoy that
like always you know so why did I go and
sometimes I want to go to parties just
to experience it even though I know that
my night will be worse because I did you
know what I'm saying like just so you
can say that you were there just so that
you can like hang out with certain
people but you know it's not like your
favorite thing to do and I have a huge
problem with not doing my favourite
thing and this is gonna be a super
tangential where I'm just gonna run
around I don't even know if tangential
is a word to be honest I just like to
use it because that's like what I do I
go off on tangents when I do videos like
this but um what was I even talking
about fuck I hate it when I do that oh
every time I'm holding the camera I
always do shit like that but um
yeah like I have a huge problem with
like doing things that are subpar you
know like if I have two activities that
I can do and one is sitting on the couch
and playing video games so which is my
favorite thing to do or just hanging out
with Jay alone which is like my favorite
thing to do I'll always choose that
choose that over something that I also
enjoyed doing but like less you know I'm
saying so like if there's like a party I
can go to and the party seems like
decent it seems okay and it's like I got
some friends there that I can go talk to
and stuff I'll always choose laying on
the couch and hanging out with Jay and
like having some sex and playing some
video games over any of that always
always and I I don't really care about
variety in that sense like I like
variety occasionally in food but not as
much of food is another thing I think
that like I could eat the same thing
every day for the rest of my life and I
wouldn't give a shit and I'll always
choose my favorite food over or not my
favorite food you know I'm saying but
like um if I ever feel like I start to
miss out I'll force myself to go to a
party a party is the you know what I'm
using here but there are a few things
that I feel so weird about because I
don't do like as a girl especially like
I'm like shivering and I don't know why
I think it's cuz the fans on or whatever
so if I'm acting a little bit weird it's
cuz I'm shivering but um something I
don't do is dress up in club where I
don't look normal at all in my opinion
where I do it and I wanted to look
normal like I want to be able to dress
up in a pretty dress like a sexy club
wear dress or whatever and go out to a
club or a party if I have to and look
normal every time I've done it like I
used to host club parties and stuff
every time I've done it I've always felt
so fucking awkward and so weird and it
was like a hundred percent not me and it
like it felt like I didn't look like the
Instagram girls do not that it wasn't
really a thing back then but like all
the other models there I didn't look
like them and for some reason I don't
know if it's my perception I feel like
if I dressed up in a dress and showed
you guys you guys would be like oh yeah
that's just another Instagram model
that's totally normal that's like what
you would see at the Playboy Mansion on
Midsummer Night's Dream or whatever
that's a party that they have but I
always feel so weird and I feel so
uncomfortable and the dress is riding up
and it's just like it's not my
like I like sexy clothes but not that
kind of sexy clothes I don't like high
heels and dressing up and all that shit
and it's so funny that like every other
girl who looks like me like if you look
at me you would assume that I do that
and then I like that and then I like
high heels I can't stand wearing high
heels oh my god it's like the most
infuriating thing ever like they
immediately hurt even if they're
comfortable ones and I feel like there
are so many girls that just like walk
weirdly and then and I don't but I just
feel so out of place and not normal so
sometimes I'd even go so far to say is I
feel like less sexy than other girls
because I don't you know dress like that
or like when I'm wearing my jeans and my
flip-flops and my like tank top or
whatever like sometimes I feel like damn
I you know I don't look as good as these
girls because I don't dress this way
even though this is my comfort and this
is my style you know like I like my
style better but for some reason I feel
so out of place you know and like I just
that's one thing that I wish I couldn't
change you know I wish I could dress
normal like that but for some reason I
just have a problem with it I don't know
why I'm gonna sit down here because I'm
getting sick laying but um what else is
something that makes me feel really
weird other than parties and dressing up
what is something where I feel
completely weird and out of place I
don't know I just feel like when you
find your thing you should definitely
just stick with it and like to do it as
much as possible and like just be you
because that's like so important like
there are so many people who are just
like all the Instagram models are
dressing up and dresses and going out to
clubs and like that's their thing and
you know you should have your own thing
and I take pride in the fact that I have
my own way that I dress that's like
casual sexy and like no one else really
dresses like that and the fact that I
like to wear a lot of gamer gear like
the fucking hat I'm wearing right now
just like everything that I like to do I
really love doing it but sometimes I
second-guess myself and I am human and I
feel like I portray myself on my channel
so often as someone who doesn't have
like I don't have insecurities I would
say but like sometimes I get that pang
of like oh why can't I do this like
everyone else or why aren't I you know
wanting
to go to a club everyday like everyone
else and you know that was like like not
the club thing anymore though cuz like
that I totally eradicated like I used to
hate that I didn't go to the club like
everyone else and that I didn't want to
do that like everyone else and I felt
like I had to in order to be like normal
or whatever and then when I started
doing it for modeling and when I tried
it I was like I don't fucking like doing
this I'm not gonna keep doing it and I
just realized that I'm like so much more
happy at home playing fucking video
games like why would I go sacrifice my
happiness for a few hours of like just
being normal and telling people that I
went somewhere that's normal you know
and like there are there's a whole like
a plethora of reasons why I think the
club and parties and all that shit
stupid but um I just feel like a lot of
people feel like they have to do things
when they don't actually enjoy it and I
don't feel like you should have to and I
understand that feeling and I want to
actually let you guys know that I do
randomly still have that feeling and the
dresses thing is one of those things
that I'm still like why can't I looked
at you know sexy and normal and like a
club dress why is that so weird to me
why is that's something that I I can't
pull off in my eyes you know and it's
not my like ideal dress it's not the way
that I want to look every day but it is
something that I want to be able to like
whip out of my closet and be like
everyone else you know that
looks like me and is you know pretty on
Instagram hot stuff but it doesn't you
know a lot of people handle that so
poorly like people who wish that they
had something that I have or something
they'll handle that by like hating on me
you know they do the thing that I talked
about in my Terry's comments recently
the the Fox and the grapes or whatever
where like if they can't have something
if something becomes unattainable to
them they end up being like well fuck
that shit's not good anyway or end up
like actually just like hating it to the
core for no reason when really it's just
like envious weird how people handle
Envy and how people handle feeling
different they handle it so awkwardly in
my opinion oh my god I almost dropped my
fucking camera I'm still having a hard
time like holding this but I just wanted
to talk to you guys about this and let
you guys know so there are times when I
feel a little awkward and I want to let
you guys know that I just handle it
better it's not that I am like immune I
have
learn to control most of my emotions
pretty well to the point where like I
don't feel a lot of the like negative
emotions that a lot of people feel and I
don't I've even lost like some
compassion and stuff because I feel like
you get on this compassion overload
where like if you cared about every
dying baby in Africa or every dying
whatever-the-fuck that you care about
like you would end up overloading
yourself and not being yourself anymore
and you don't have the time or like the
capacity as a human to care about all
that and I've talked about this before
but like I feel like the best philosophy
in life is to just be a hedonist and do
the things that you love realize like
find out what you love don't just say
don't knock something that you haven't
tried you know like before I went to
clubs and partied a lot like I knocked
it but I knocked it thinking that I
don't want to do it but then I made sure
that I went out and did it so that I
knew that I didn't like it instead of
actually just you know living off of
this preconceived notion that I'm not
gonna like it because of X Y & Z like
you can't know for sure until you try it
so try things try things that's my
number one point right here um find what
you love like experiment and find what
you actually love and stick to that
because it's so hard like so many people
don't know who they are so many people
don't know what they love or what they
want to do with their lives or what
really makes them happy in their
downtime you know and I feel like I
found that and I I know what I love and
therefore like having a lot of variety
isn't that important it's the same with
sex too like so many people like marry
the first person they have sex with and
they have like some kind of pride to
being like almost virgins or like saving
their themselves for someone that they
love but really when you find someone
that you love don't you want to know
that the other people out there aren't
better don't you want to have some kind
of experience to like base that you know
love that you have or that sex that you
have off of don't you want to like be
able to compare and contrast like you
can't say that someone is the best in
the world if you haven't tried like
anyone else at all you know or if you
haven't been in any other relationships
and I feel like high school sweetheart
sweethearts getting married and having
never having anyone else like that's a
disaster waiting to happen in my opinion
or unfulfilled meant even if you don't
know it waiting to happen you know like
down the line
and stuff so I this was just like crazy
I don't even know when I'm gonna fuckin
name this shit that was one of the
things that one of the problems I always
had with these phone vlogs is I never
knew what to name them because I go off
on like such tangents that it's like a
hundred different things and there's no
actual real a method to my madness I
hope to this video would be a little
better I'm like shivering and that made
it a lot worse I was hoping it would be
more succinct into the point I know I'm
forgetting something that also makes me
feel a little weird I don't know just
being fancy in general like I don't like
that I don't like going to fancy
restaurants
I don't like dressing up I remember this
one time okay I'm gonna tell you an
anecdotal story where before I was 100%
happy with myself in terms of like being
too secure in Who I am
I remember going to LA for modeling and
there was this girl and she was fucking
gorgeous and she had like oh my god like
her body was perfect and she was in
Vegas this happens randomly people will
wear like fucking see-through shit and
shit that you would not be like allowed
to wear in any other state right so we
were in this hotel and she walked by and
she was wearing a see-through dress and
you could see like her nipples and her
thong and her body was just fucking
perfect
and I was thinking like I had a pretty
good body back then I had almost my
ideal body and it wasn't her body or her
beauty but it was the fact that she
could pull that off and walk around and
be that girl in high heels and not feel
like a weirdo you know it stressed me a
lot and it stress it kind of ruined my
weekend like I actually remember I felt
so down on myself and I was like why
can't I pull this off and then that I
kind of like realize that you can
mitigate that with logic and reason and
you know finding your other strengths
like that's like one thing I've never
been able to pull off like I feel I feel
so weird in a dress like even if I look
good to you guys or even a little bit to
myself or in pictures I feel so like not
me you know and it's okay to not be like
that girl it's okay to feel your sexiest
in a pair of like skinny jeans and a
fucking crop top or something you know
or to not even like be the type of
person that has a style to just like
know that you know whatever you throw on
and in the day that makes it easier for
you and you know that's a fucking cool
way to live too you know
you know that I can find a reason to
envy that as well
boobies God I get that obligatory
boobies in there you know I'm still not
like used to looking at the camera
either like is it gonna focus on me I
don't know I feel I look so tan because
of the lighting and stuff I went from a
poke you walk today and I recorded a lot
of videos I'm getting a lot of videos
ready for the fact that I'm not gonna be
able to record videos for two weeks for
my own because of my boobs stuff but
yeah let me know in the comments if you
guys enjoy this let me know if it helps
you out tell me a time or a subject
where you don't feel like you fit in
where you don't feel normal because
there have been so many times like back
with my when I was really young I
watched I listened to Pink Floyd and I
watched fuckin Monty Python and that was
like my favorite shit and like Pokemon
and my next-door neighbors were like
really Christian II and they liked
fuckin seventh heaven and they didn't
like that so they made me feel like I
was really weird and then all the girls
in high school or all the girls in
middle school in elementary school that
were into like the Hansen brothers and I
was still into like rock and all that
kind of stuff and I hated the Backstreet
Boys and NSYNC and shit like I felt
weird then they made me feel weird at
parties like there were so many times
where I could have caved in and I could
have not been myself and I could have
you know allowed like borderline
bullying or just not feeling normal
to get to me but I decided to just know
from my core Who I am discover who I am
and then stick to that because there's
nothing wrong with being yourself and
that's you know all I'm trying to convey
here right now and trying to let you
guys know that I'm not 100 percent
emotionless and for lack of a better
word perfect not like you know I I don't
have always I'm not always
happy-go-lucky I'm not always a hundred
percent like just logic rationale the
best ever but I do apply that when I
start to feel like my emotions are
running the way that I'm acting you know
what I'm saying I need to make my bed
and stuff it's kind of whatever I'm in
the bedroom and I'm sorry that I'm like
shaking if I'm shaking the camera or
whatever I don't know it'll get less
awkward the the vlog fucking videos or
whatever will get less awkward
it's because I'm like not used to just
holding the camera and talking to the
camera I'm not used to holding this and
that's like kind of heavy it's heavier
than a phone I would feel like blad is
flat is the name of my blog camera if
you guys didn't catch on yet and let me
know if you like me rambling and in
random places just talking about shit
maybe I won't even post this maybe I
will
maybe I'll touch on the topic later when
I remember some of the other things that
um that I've had to overcome in terms of
feeling like my diversity is a downfall
you know I've never made it so funny
like I've never been made to feel like
I'm weird for playing video games as
much as I was weird for my tastes in men
and games and you know movies it was
always like kind of normal to play video
games because I was younger you know um
I don't know like I feel bad for people
who were made to feel like they were
nerds or gard like nerds in a derogatory
way or or weird or anything for the fact
that they just loved to play video games
and it sucks that there's so many men
that are like salty about the fact that
women are getting into gaming because
they feel like women are just getting
into gaming on a whim because now it's
cool or whatever like I'm not one of
those people I grew up gaming but yeah I
didn't have I was never made to feel
like oh girls can't game or anything
like that when I was younger I was never
made to feel like oh beaten by a girl
like maybe people made those comments
but that was just funny like who cares
you know fucking Yolo I'm good as fuck
at goldeneye nah like I was never like
called a nerd or a weirdo in a
derogatory way that made me feel bad my
friends were and I always stuck up for
my friends but I never had that problem
I had like the best of both worlds where
I could fully enjoy games to my heart's
content my entire youth but I was also
able to fit into whatever crowd I wanted
to fit into you know despite the games
like I never really fit into the the
popular crowd but it wasn't because of
games it was because of my quirks and my
personality and the fact that people
didn't like me or the fact that I didn't
like them and I didn't reach out or try
hard to be their friends and everyone
else was trying hard to be their friends
I just kind of
did it because I'm a girl cuz I'm
confident I've always had that
confidence and I think that's the
difference I don't think I feel like if
like I've always said I feel like no
matter what you do you can do anything
and if you do it with confidence you'll
fucking pull it off and people will like
want to follow your lead and that's
something that a lot of people who have
that social awkwardness that often comes
with being into things that are
antisocial or happen to be sometimes
antisocial like games I don't really
understand like why people act like
gaming is antisocial when I was younger
a lot of the gaming I did was with like
five six people switching off
controllers playing party games like
Super Smash Brothers or fucking Mario
Kart or Mario Party all those things
like gold Knight we would switch off
controllers it was a very it was more
more I would say of a thing that people
do with each other water the people do
with each other than it is now because
now it's online and you don't
necessarily have to talk to your
opponents you don't necessarily have to
talk to your teammates other than just
like a few like toxic like sentences
that you type or whatever you know and
back then it was all about split-screen
and sitting in the same room playing
party games like I had people over you
know what I'm saying
and so for me even though I did a lot of
gaming alone I did a ton of gaming with
my parents and my friends so yeah I
don't what what the fuck am I gonna name
this video I don't know I love you guys
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to like the video and subscribe
to the channel if you enjoyed and I will
see you again with another Vlad vlog
another fucking phone vlog but not phone
vlog now they're on the floor vlog let
me be on the on the bed there you go
here let's take a thumbnail bye-bye
