hey guys welcome to a new story time
video today I'm gonna tell you about the
time I had a foster sister it's weird
but you guys actually want to hear this
fucking story you guys said it sounded
interesting when I talked about my last
sex experience video whatever the fuck
so I decided to talk about it so I had
this friend named Sally she was my best
friend she was like a third generation
best friend because when I was in
elementary school I had this group of
like three best friends that I
considered to be my best friends forever
but two out of three of them moved away
and one of them I just kind of stopped
talking to and for me a friendship is
forever it doesn't matter how long I
haven't seen someone in fact I don't
really see my friends that often but I
know that they're always there for me
and I know that they love me and that's
like enough for me but especially back
in elementary school that wasn't enough
for other people so these girls who
moved away one was named Tabitha and one
was named Ashley they both got like new
friends and so in middle school and the
end of elementary school my best friend
was Aoife Lockhart now she is a Filipino
girl she is like my size about at that
time and she was just really cool she's
really no filter she was really
interested in things that I was
interested in my friend Ashley was kind
of like I love Ashley she's the only
friend that I still have maintained and
I fucking love you actually also my
you're amazing Ashley also no she's not
one of the Olsen twins I always forget
that that is her fucking name but um
yeah like she's the only one actually
stuck around but at a period in time I
felt like she wasn't as close to me
because she had moved away but uh Aoife
Lockhart was there and she had this
weird family life where her mom would
make her watch her little brother like
all the time like it almost felt like
slave labor and there were times when I
would go over to her house just to hang
out with her because she had to watch
her brother and her brother was like a
toddler at the time and um I thought
that was a little bit odd also her mom
made like remarks all the time like I
was just slightly skinnier than her at
the time and my mom or her mom would
always make remarks like why can't you
be more like Tara why can't she look
more like Tara and she would talk about
how she only ate like tiny bowls of rice
and she was like the vainest person ever
where that's all that mattered so much
so that she would make other people
intentionally feel bad if they weren't
following her lifestyle which is
something that is kind of deplorable you
know what I'm saying like especially
when you're doing it to your younger
your younger daughter like who's
growing up with this image that your
mother has to you have to be like your
mother you have to like care about the
way that you look you have to get a good
man you have to have children and you
have to you know go out and do things
and have fun in life while you have your
other children watch your younger
children and that's just like totally a
fucked up retarded dichotomy and
hierarchy of living and I just think
it's kind of messed up but that wasn't
the worst of it later on in at the end
of middle school I think it was early
high school we found out that she was
actually being molested by her stepdad I
don't know who was actually molested or
if it was just being beaten but there
was physicality there that was like not
okay and it was crossing a boundary so
this friend ended up coming over to live
with me and my mom decided to apply to
be a foster parent for her and I thought
this was so cool cuz my entire life like
up until I was like about that age I'd
always wanted a sibling I didn't have a
sibling so I had so many friends but at
night they would go home and I didn't
have anyone that I felt like was my
comrade for the rest of my life you know
what I'm saying that's kind of how I
felt siblings would be and I imagined
having this sibling that was like my
friend Chris where we would play video
games every single day and then we could
also do it at night when all the friends
have gone home because we live together
and we would be like the best friends
ever and all this stuff so I always
wanted a sibling and I felt so weird
at one point because all of my friends
had siblings we lived in a kind of lower
income area and I went to a lower income
school for like all of my years of
regular school so a lot of people would
just had like tons of kids it was just
like tons of kids tons of siblings tons
of aunts and uncles and cousins and all
these things that I didn't have I didn't
have like a lot of family and I had
family and friends but I felt like for
some reason that was like on a different
level and you know my opinion about that
has changed a lot more on a different
video about blood versus water like
which one is thicker type of thing I
have a lot of differing opinions on that
now but back then I thought it would be
cool to have a kid sibling a kid oh yeah
12 let's have a kid that's no not even
now not even then no no no but anyway so
Aoife Lockhart came to live with us and
I thought it would be great
she had the the spare room that I used
have as my gaming room I just had like
tons of fucking games in there and we
ended up moving everything out because I
had like a main like game console I
think it was like the PlayStation 2 that
I had in my room at that time and that
was like pretty much all I played anyway
anymore because they didn't have friends
coming over anymore to play it was more
just like a solo thing so um I was cool
with that and I was just happy shut up
phone goddamn you turn this down I was
just happy that I had someone there who
I already considered a best friend and
now she's also like a sister and we
regarded each other as sisters and she
was more like thug than I was I've never
really liked that like at one point I
liked that for like 10 minutes but it
was mostly just Eminem it wasn't really
like the thug culture or whatever and
she would talk about how like what I
loved about her is she was so with like
hard you know like she was always like
we should get boxing gloves and like one
of those helmets and we should box each
other for practice she was like really
cool and um she liked a lot of similar
music to me I feel like I don't remember
if she did but she also liked to rap and
stuff which I didn't like and um we
started drifting apart because she got a
boyfriend
her boyfriends name was TJ and he was
abusive he was awful he was like the
spitting image of her stepdad who
treated her like shit like we would find
like there's no proof of this but we
would find like bruises on her and my
mom suspected it so at some point like
all she would do also like she stopped
talking to me like altogether and all
she would do is stay in her room and
like spend time with TJ and like have
sex with TJ and like it was all about TJ
and TJ didn't really like me he actually
kind of despised me so we ended up
drifting apart because of that now I am
one of the people that I'm totally okay
with you spending extra time with your
boyfriend or girlfriend and then losing
a few friends or not spending as much
time with your friends because of it I
am of the opinion that your boyfriend
slash girlfriend whatever the fuck you
want whatever orientation you are should
be a really good friend if not your best
friend but also someone you want to have
sex with now why would you spend a lot
of time with these people who you only
want to have sex with or only want to be
friends with when you have that person
that's both you know so I understand
kind of like shutting out a couple for
not shutting out but like spending less
time with your friends because you found
that one person that is so interesting
to you right especially in the honeymoon
phase if there actually is such a thing
as a honeymoon phase in that
relationship it makes sense to want to
spend all your time with that person so
that's what she did and I was like
whatever but he hated me so I never
really got to spend much time with her
and I remember I cherished the few times
that I actually did get to talk to her
alone about things because it felt like
the same person was still they are the
same best friend that I had was still
there I didn't like having her as a
sister because my mom was so dumb about
it my mom is like the nicest person ever
and she hoards money a little bit not
hoards like aha I really extend you well
she's stingy but she doesn't like take
money from other people or try to do
things to get money she just had like a
hard upbringing so she's afraid of
spending money if that makes any sense
so my mom would like do this and not
spend as much money on like presents for
me but she would give them Adele her
whole $500 that my mom got from the
state to take care of him Adele if that
makes any sense so like my mom would get
$500 a month from the state or a week I
don't know from the state to pay for
Modell's expenses because she was a
child of the state but she had a foster
mother or something like that it's
really hard for me to remember the exact
details but that sounds correct and my
mom would give her the whole $500 for
herself and then also spend money on her
and it was like really annoying because
it made our our like lives our home life
so tight on money or at least my mom
perceived it was tight on money and that
Aoife Lockhart's over there like buying
new purses and new shoes and spending
money on TJ and shit and that was
another thing that put a hamper on our
relationship and our friendship or
whatever I was just like really annoyed
at that it was annoying that my mom I
felt was like coddling her too much
because she felt bad for her situation
and I had such a great home life or
whatever and obviously a lot of that was
like teen angst
feel filled where I was just like you
know I don't like that what the fuck
she's getting more things than I'm
getting like the kind of like yeah you
know like have you ever seen the monkeys
that you feed one monkey before the
other one in the and then the other
monkey freaks out because monkeys don't
really have empathy they don't have the
the higher brain to understand a lot of
like autistic people as well have this
they can't understand or perceive other
people's intentions or emotions so
they're often quite selfish or they'll
do things for self gratification it
was it was that type of thing that all
teenagers have right where I'm just like
what the fuck she's getting things that
I'm not and you know I'm not the special
little snowflake in the family anymore
but a lot of it was justified my mom
pretty much let her do whatever the fuck
she wanted half TJ over until a point
where we were pretty sure he was like
hitting her and stuff and it was just
kind of messed up and then she'd got
this like okay so J I started like
dating Jo dating J at the point where I
was actually dating J it was like a
regular monogamous relationship when I
first met him when we were in high
school and J ended up moving in with me
because his parents told him that I
can't talk to him anymore because I
called his sister a bitch if you want
that story I can also do that story but
I'm kind of on good terms with his
sister and his family now so I don't
know if J would want me to tell that
story but yeah so there was a point
where I had a falling-out with his
parents and he decided to come live with
me and my mom was just like whatever the
more the fucking merrier right so money
got even tighter at he fell Lockhart
hated J I could not understand
oh what a fail Lockhart had the audacity
to hate my good person boyfriend my
supportive funny awesome boyfriend just
because like he made jokes that like
triggered her and she was like a super
like just like hyper feminist and now
it's even more that like she's like a
hipster feminist chick now and she sent
me a message like a few years ago saying
like oh she's proud of me or whatever
and no ill will or ever and I just kind
of ignored it I just didn't want to like
be fake with her because I felt like she
was so not the person that I cared about
anymore she's not the same person she
became this like holier-than-thou person
that I just don't like anymore and I
decided that it's better to just break
ties and not say anything fake nice or
not say anything mean or not bring up
the past why would I dredge up the past
for no reason when I have no intention
of being this person's friend anymore
you know
and I appreciate the times that we had
together I appreciate being like she was
like my ride-or-die bitch you know back
when that was like a cool thing to do
and back when I was kind of like that
she was like my ride-or-die bitch and I
appreciate who she was back then but now
it's just like math so anyway she ended
up moving out
and went to a different foster home I
guess because my mom didn't I think that
like term ended or my mom decided that
she wasn't gonna redo the term because
of the few issues that we had with her
and TJ and she was just being like weird
and rebellious and she oh my god like
this is one thing I don't understand
she's got like what's the syndrome I
think it's TOC Holmes Stockholm Syndrome
but like obviously not that because it's
more she just loves her mom but like
Aoife Lockhart would be so rude to my
mom she would be mad if my mom doesn't
like let her do whatever the fuck she
wants and so ungrateful and that pissed
me off because my mom is like a fucking
angel when it comes to shit like that
like randomly she'll yell at me and be a
bitch because she's stressed but it's
obviously like you can see right through
that I didn't need a psychology degree
or be interested in psychology back in
middle school to realize that my mom is
only mean when she has stressed the fuck
out
so like Aoife Lockhart would kind of
treat her like shit and didn't
appreciate her at all and it made me
angry at her and that was another thing
that made me angry
you don't like my fucking good person
boyfriend when you have a boyfriend it's
beating you you don't appreciate my mom
and she would cry and talk about how she
misses her mother she misses her family
and I'm like your family fucked you your
family fucked you over why the fuck do
you still care about this shit and it
was just like so annoying to me I
couldn't grasp that someone could still
love their flesh and blood just because
their flesh and blood that was never
something that made any sense to me to
just like be like yes I will do anything
for you just because I was birthed from
your loins like that oh my god I would
be like I'm done with you you're fucking
garbage piece of shit I'm not talking to
you anymore
I have more self-respect and it's not
like she didn't have the self respect it
was just like that's her morals that's
whatever the fuck she can do whatever
she wants but it bothered me that she
missed her mom and hated my mom she
loved her fucking abusive boyfriend
hated my really great boyfriend and it
was just like oh it's so imperii ended
up not talking anymore and that's what
happened and I think a lot of people
grow apart once they start living close
quarters I think that not everyone and
that's why you have a problem with your
brother or sister often you love them
because you grew up with them and
because you're told to love them and
because they do have redeeming qualities
but sometimes people just don't mesh
when they're living together and that
was the case with me Aoife Lockhart so
hopefully this is an interesting story
out
along it went it went 13 minutes that's
not bad I thought it would be like 20
minutes um yeah I've know that I'm
thinking about it I might actually bleep
out her name or maybe I won't I don't
know it's like a it's not even like her
real name anyway it's like a nickname
that she went by and I I don't know if
it's I don't know I'll probably run this
by my patreon patrons to see if it would
be disrespectful to post it but usually
I just use people's real names when they
don't actually have a stake in Fame or
when you can't find them and I don't use
their last names and shit so I don't
know I'll do whatever I feel is right
and I will not look back and be
unapologetic about it like always but
yeah like the video subscribe to the
channel if you enjoyed let me know if
you want me to tell you the story about
me getting in a fight with Jays sister
and all that stuff is very interesting
time I'm a very like blunt person and I
don't like stand for like I'm bad with
different cultures and how like I don't
I don't think it's a good excuse to say
that different cultures like FIFA
Lockhart culture have her doing these
certain things that are just like not
allowing that person the freedom to live
you know and I felt kind of similar but
not as much with the situation with Jays
family or whatever so I love you guys
thank you so much for watching I hope
this was entertaining let me know if you
agree or disagree if you've had any
situations like this where you like
someone a lot then you ended up living
with them and it wasn't great whether
it's a roommate a boyfriend a girlfriend
your parents whether you like love your
parents a lot but you can't live with
them type of stuff I love you and I'll
see you in the next video bye guys I'm
doing the thumbnail now
