hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail before we get started
I just wanted to say thank you derpy
muffin hoods for sending me the dress
and a few other things last week it's
weird but for some reason and the stupid
note didn't say anything so I didn't
know who's from and I want to apologize
for that I hate it when I don't give the
shoutouts that are due in the fucking
videos next thing we're gonna do is we
are gonna be doing the Q&A now literally
there were zero questions like literally
zero like there was like one question
about like fanservice Friday coming back
or something ridiculous and then there
was this I wonder what Christmas is like
in the Babcock household question mark
this question is by Evan Diaz thank you
for being the only person that even
added a semblance of a question guys
remember I'm doing a question every week
so post your questions in the comments
please I need fodder for the series good
nice wholesome questions that you have
retired Babcock anything you want to ask
I just referred to myself the third
person
I just elevated my narcissistic
personality disorder alright so this
isn't a question it's more like a
statement but he put a question mark at
the end of the sentence so we're just
gonna go ahead and answer that at my
parents house my mom would do Santa
presents and presents from her and dad
so the Santa presents would come
overnight on Christmas Day it was really
cute and they would all say from Santa
and my mom's handwriting and she knew
that I didn't believe in Santa anymore
but this happened up until I was like 18
and moved out actually I think I moved
out when I was 19 anyway but the day
before on Christmas Eve we would open
all of the presents from mom and dad
stupid I know but it was really cute I
got tons and tons and tons of presents
I don't want Jay moved in with us for a
little while it was like tons and tons
of tons of presents for Jay and if you
guys don't remember I still to do the
storytime where I talk about my foster
sister for a while she also got tons and
tons of tons of presents suffice it to
say I was spoiled and even if I weren't
an only child my siblings would have
been spoiled too my mom would always say
oh my god not enough money for presents
and then by tones of presents it was
pretty good and my parents also really
liked decorating the house like they
would go all out it would be like one of
the coolest decorated houses in the area
and then we would drive around on like
Christmas Eve or something and look at
all of the like better houses even that
the rich people had or in the
neighborhood we had to kind of drive a
little far for rich people we lived in a
kind of shinny neighborhood and we
definitely could have afforded a better
house as a family okay now we're just
going into like the dichotomy of my
family my mom likes to save too much my
dad doesn't really care but yeah now
my household Christmas is just basically
buying J whatever he wants and then he
buys me a few things and we open a few
presents and surprise each other a few
times and then we go out to Christmas
dinner wherever we decide we want to go
that we shouldn't be eating and we
usually don't eat the rest of the year
because so many calories and I go over
to my parents house and I usually still
get a few presents like stocking
stuffers but like really cool ones like
my mom will get J sleepy pants and
boxers with like superheroes or gaming
stuff on it and I'll get like socks like
that or like whole sleepy outfits it's
really cute my mom knows what I like and
some money and a cute card alright
enough of questions the winner of last
week's giveaway is Eric a and I want to
thank you guys so much for finally
choosing Tara merch I emailed him he
hasn't gotten back to me yet and if he
doesn't get back to me within a week
I'll choose another winner so definitely
stand by your email if you haven't
gotten an email yet if you're Eric
please reply to me I want to know which
merch you want I also want to thank Eric
for being a patron his winning entry was
his patreon entry you get 10 extra
entries for being a patron anyway thanks
Eric if you want to sign up for this
week's giveaway the link will be in the
description as well as the straw poll
that helps me decide which gift I'm
giving away this week your choice of
game on Steam your choice of Tara
Babcock merch or an autographed 8 by 10
good luck in the giveaway let's open
some packages ah we've got a letter this
week I'm super excited this is from
David and he drove money on the backer
it's actually like a bunny stamp I think
it's really cute though and on the front
there is an Elvis Presley stamp and
let's open it oh my god I just realized
that this this envelope is actually a
Campbell's tomato soup envelope it's got
like little Campbell's tomato soups in
the back so cute did you know that I
love grilled cheese and tomato soup and
that's like one of my favorite cheat
meals oh my god Campbell's tomato soup
is it gonna be anthrax flavored no it's
not I just watched Terry's comments
number 44
seriously perfect I know nobody writes
letters anymore but that's dedication
dude on a serious note I have nothing
but love for you people can't handle
real and you are oh you're beautiful
sexy honest and hilarious some love from
East Texas David Oh David you're so
sweet thank you to Andy Warhol's tomato
soup picture I approve I approve heavily
thank you seriously
alright we got a little squishy we got a
little squishy
that's what your wife says to you if you
are a husband oh my god oh fuck oh this
came from oh hey we're gonna get this
for me
oh is it Keith it might be kidding what
is inside this why is it so crunchy this
is a studio ghibli a little ghost guy
you know from like fucking spirited away
and everything ah it's the cutest thing
I've ever seen he's so happy - oh my god
this is amazing he just wants to hug me
and he loves me so much he's gonna fill
the deficit of love that I have in my
life
so cute I don't know if this was from
Keith or from derpy I can't remember who
but thank you so fucking much please
remind me in the comments or message me
on discord and I will shout you out next
week and I will show him off again
because he's so cute we need to name him
post in the comments what you want me to
name this little spirited away ghosty
guy from Studio Ghibli and if you
haven't watched Studio Ghibli movies you
have to do it right now that the best
thing in the world like before I got
into manga and anime more heavily now
other than Pokemon and Dragon Ball Z the
only thing that I liked it was animating
the only thing that I loved that was
anime or knew anything about was the
Studio Ghibli movies my dad showed me
spirited away and then it was like
Princess Mononoke fucking Kiki's
Delivery Service my neighbor totoro and
all of it just like even the newest one
I forget but it's like about a fish type
thing I love them all and I own most of
them so this is right up there with the
Totoro Pikachu second only to the suit
balls the sit balls are so cute thank
you so much ah there we go he looks so
cute here he's gonna stay there for the
rest of the video all right next thing
we've got is oh my god is this the
Princess Peach once if these are the
Princess Peach shoes I'm gonna puke all
over myself oh my god I think it is oh
my god Oh fills my loins yes we have
notes where the fuck is the thank-you
note where there it is yes yes thank you
notes hi Tara enjoy your gift from Cody
I got you the other shoes - oh thank you
so much coding whoo I appreciate it
you're wonderful you guys you guys ah
it's like Princess Peach in a Mario star
they're just like chillin and says game
over on the bottom just like the other
ones this is amazing oh my god and I
know they're gonna fit - because the
other ones fit ah so
should we put them on let's kind of put
them on I'm not wearing socks so I wore
these the other pair obviously without
socks cuz I usually wear shoes without
socks and it totally fucked me up
because they're a little bit too big so
now I have to wear socks with them and
I'm very sad about that but still
definitely fucking worth it oh my god
and they're pink too so they're gonna
match like 90% of things that I own it's
so fucking awesome oh my god I'm so
excited this is so great game oh I tried
to show you the shoe without showing my
pussy but it was very hard thank you so
much Cody you are amazing mwah I love
these so much I am so excited to have
two pairs of these I started wearing
sneakers like that when I saw a pair on
Hollister that looks really cute with
the little Hollister seagulls and stuff
and now I'm actually wearing them then I
found like the perfect ones like oh the
only thing that's left is the Donkey
Kong once there's a Donkey Kong pair and
I want those thank you so much I am not
worthy thank you for thinking that I am
oh is this a game or a book I share
these gifts here thank you for helping
me with a certain something I owe you a
favor now love you enjoy your gift from
Adam Adam you didn't have to
yay oh my god I've been wanting to show
Jay an American tail for a really long
time and I fucking love all of these
movies I actually haven't seen Balto but
the Land Before Time series I have like
most of the cassettes but you know who
the fuck uses cassettes anymore this is
awesome I can restart my collection of
Disney movies and non Disney movies
because these are non Disney I always
thought line before time was Disney and
I could never get it out of my head that
it's not but I can restart my collection
of animated movies on DVD thanks to you
love you Adam and no problem with that
issue I helped you take care of mmm not
sexual at all but I just wanted to make
it sound like it was I want you to be
healthy as well as happy and sexy enjoy
your gifts from Adam see Adam got me
Dramamine Thank You Adam you're so
thoughtful
it's non-drowsy to and natural this is
what I use now to play first-person
games because for some reason
first-person games all of a sudden
started making me nauseated and I'll
also let Jay use some when we on plane
rides and stuff I'm going to Vegas soon
to look for houses actually it's not
soon it's like in December this will
come in handy Thank You Adam we've got
boxes the match
froot the fly Pelican I can't imagine
that's not what I want
where is my mic putter II know where my
coterie no it'd be right back my living
room cutter II know that I used to open
boxes in the living room is now my S&M
cutter you know for a while because I
can't find the pink one or the yellow
one that's a new guy gave me I don't
know why I lose things so easily it's
not like I have a gigantic apartment or
a lot of clutter or anything like what
the fuck okay I'm not gonna lie I have a
little bit of clutter what is this oh
shit is the Streets of Rage hats oh my
god I need to take the thing out I
wasn't able to get this at PAX because
they sold out and now I have it it's so
awesome look how fucking awesome it is
is it not the most awesome fucking thing
in the whole universe it is it is don't
fucking lie don't be jealous oh my god
and this particular gift is also from
derpy who's been way too fucking good to
me today I fucking love you derpy
oh you're wonderful amazing awesome and
just the best yeah yeah I don't know
when I should be calling you derpy or
your real name but we're just gonna keep
switching off okay I look so badass
right now like I'm not gonna lie this is
a good look mmm oh yeah
Studio Ghibli titties alright we have
one more box we have one more box it's
kind of heavy like your mama oh holy
shit no way what oh no fucking way a PS
Vita are you fucking kidding me
hi Tara I couldn't let you not have this
from Kody PS how do you feel about ball
busting oh there's an ulterior motive of
ball busting in here oh this is awesome
though I'm not a PS Vita since they
started calling it PS Vita I've never
had a PS Vita I only had a PSP this is
really exciting oh my god now I need to
get some games Oh
doesn't this have like a lot of
compatibility with the PlayStation 4 as
well we just as you guys know my
favorite console this is like very
unexpected and I'm very excited
connected by AT&T with the fuck very
unexpected very crazy just like your
question about ball busting I once
almost took a booking to Balbus some guy
- I think you mean like the de
Rochambeau type of thing where you like
kick guys in the balls and they enjoy it
and it's supposedly like a martial art
or something I'm getting this all wrong
probably this is all me paraphrasing
something probably incorrectly but yeah
I almost took a booking once when I was
like a full-time model where I would go
and I kick the guy in the balls but then
I was like nah it was two hotel room me
if that makes any sense and I've learned
the hard way never to go into hotel
rooms that are not five-star for non
reputable companies you know what I'm
saying
doesn't sound like a good idea seems
like a pretty prudent decision but yeah
I have nothing against ballbusting I
think it's interesting I think it's
interesting that you're okay with that
like can't you not have children I don't
know much about it I would probably have
to do more research on it but I am
completely open to everyone's fetishes
and if I had a guy that was into
ballbusting I would feel bad at first
but then I would just you know get into
it and do it because why not he enjoys
it so that means I by proxy I'm gonna
enjoy it in some aspect and I don't have
problem with inflicting pain on people I
really don't I once kicked a guy in the
balls and then asked him if you still
loved me I was 12 I was a terrible
person when I was 12
anyway this is a very unlike what the
fuck I did not think I would get
something that's awesome or this
expensive you're fucking amazing Cody
thank you so much for the shoes which
are the best thing ever and in the
fucking Veda
oh my god each fucking thank you so much
I really appreciate this I really
appreciate everything you guys do for me
Thank You JP thank you anyone else who
sent me anything I think there was yeah
there was this that I forgot who sent it
to me but I fucking loved it so much and
it's so cute it might have been J mood
was it J mood I don't know either way
Thank You J mood thank you key thank you
anyone it could have been and let me
know and I will shout you out in the
next video because I'm fucking retarded
and I didn't write it down and it's been
a while since we talked about it I feel
like but anyway don't forget to post in
the comments what your question is for
next week don't forget to sign up for
the giveaway and don't forget to fucking
smile like oh it's just like smile like
crazy though you know what I mean just
like have a good fucking weekend because
you guys are awesome I have to go edit
this video cuz I recorded it same day at
least you guys know what I'm wearing on
Friday I also have to record a little
fanservice Friday tease for the patrons
mmm love you guys so much oh my god this
video is over
