hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Tara reads your comments I'm team o
today for no other reason than your mom
smells like my asshole after a 24-hour
flight also if I look a bit small it's
because your sister gave me syphilis
let's get into this this is gonna be fun
first off I heard blonds are the most
retarded is that true period question
mark I don't think I have enough data to
actually conclude whether or not that's
true but if you're a blonde
I would probably lean more towards yes
even though I'm clearly swaying the vote
in the other direction
you're just so retarded I used to be
afraid to have sex with a guy who had a
big penis because I thought it would
make my vagina loose now that I've heard
your video and looked into research I am
no longer afraid to take big cock Thanks
best ever oh my god feels like an
infomercial man it's like I was once
afraid to take big cocks but now I'm not
Thank You Tara Babcock I love that girl
by the way thank you I have a very small
penis and I'm afraid I won't be able to
pleasure girls as much as guys with huge
penises penises what huge penises bank
accounts what is your advice for guys
with small penises well it's not the
motion in the ocean it's learning proper
grammar to Asian girls that's a nice
chair my gaming chairs of folding chairs
I got from work law fraudulent frequency
I like you I really do but every time I
read your comments it's like you're you
want me to feel bad or something I am
NOT god I don't have the ability to make
other people's lives elevate to mine as
if we're in a communist country
I can't allocate all of my plushies out
so that we're all rich in plushies okay
I love you fraudulent frequency keep
doing you boo I was planning on buying
this game but now I have well what but
indicates that there's a change are you
saying that planning is not actually
planning but more like planning but not
gonna and now it's totally gonna either
way I'm glad you're buying the game I
think we're talking about darkest
dungeon
or attack on Titan I'm not sure this
girl is not only attractive to
attractive I would say what's so fucking
smart as well god damn girl thank you so
much but wait what what what is too
attractive I would venture to say that
there's no such thing I wish you all out
in the comments to be ultimately
attractive more attractive than is
possible
inside and out also thank you for the
compliment I really appreciate it you
were the one who told Harvey that he
should distance himself from you all
right so a little backstory on this I'm
gonna geek out a little bit I told
Harvey Dent as his campaign beneficiary
that he should distance himself from me
because I had some kind of bad press
going around and then when he decided to
I was like super heartbroken but that's
because every guy needs to hear this
women do not say what they actually want
I was giving him a common courtesy and I
was also pumping up my own ego because I
was like Harvey Dent
maybe we should distance ourselves from
each other I know baby I love you so
much and then that made me feel good
it's just a verbal transaction you know
I didn't think you would actually come
back later and be like you know what I'm
gonna have to distance myself from you
cos fuck you how terrible and heartless
would that be if he was like yeah I
think that's a good idea
dating tips you can use against bipolar
women I'm not actually like this in
relationships by the way all right here
we go gonna speak some Italian is
gravity al mio canale for the panty
tutorial molto Bella Oh BMO
Bradley ringing you know Tony is Kenichi
Bella I tried my best did you like the
fucking plumber accent that's the only
Italian I know okay you guys have to
tell me in the comments what this guy's
saying though fuck you bitch yes I was
12 once I dunno pig latin dumb little
girl just said why she doesn't like
Batman well pretending to like Batman
three times okay your parents must be so
proud they are actually let me explain
this to you so many people say this
because I'm open with my sexuality and
actually talk about things that I've
done without being ashamed of myself and
hiding them there for some reason my
parents should be like oh my god I wish
I had a boy but in reality you're
sitting there jacking off to hint I was
like three fingers up your ass while
you're smacking a hooker and the fact
that you're just not being honest about
yourself and your kinks and what you do
in life I would be more ashamed about
that
you're like ashamed of who you are and
what you do that's pathetic to me so
yeah my parents are actually really
proud of me that I actually like myself
I'm not ashamed of anything that I do
and I'm not ashamed to talk about it so
that other people can learn from my
mistakes or learn from my experiences
and I can't imagine what kind of shit
fuck ass piece-of-shit parents wouldn't
be a proud of having confident and happy
offspring that are doing what they want
with their lives instead of being a
slave to some company and going home and
crying while they jerk off a night not
all I have to say about that no more
your parents must be proud jokes unless
they're really good if they're really
good
keep them coming do you know what I am
wearing boyfriend material alright I am
so glad I don't have a boyfriend right
now because I know for a fact you're not
wearing his skin as the shirts also ryan
gosling not that hot not hot at all
actually I had to say it isn't this the
racist bimbo there's only one no I'm not
that one also not being attracted to a
certain race does not equal racism and
I'm not even not attracted to any single
race I'm not attracted to people who
fulfill stereotypes that are
unattractive to me like everyone else in
the world
common sense clearly isn't common I'm a
white girl and I'm not attracted to
black guys at all I know I'll be called
a racist by black men and I don't give a
fuck they act like thugs and most are
physically unattractive they have ugly
faces see like none of that is racist
and all of it is just an opinion except
for the part where they said they act
like thugs because that's stereotyping
and putting people into one group a
little bit but what I said in my video
about black guys is that not all of them
fulfil the stereotype but when they do
fulfill the stereotype it's very
unattractive to me and I'm not even went
on to say that there was like a bunch of
really respectable black guys and hot
black guys that I like who aren't into
the whole rap culture I just don't like
rap I don't like the culture it shrivels
my vagina even if a whole race shrivels
your vagina you're not racist
as long as you treat the other race with
respect it's like people think that like
if I don't want to fuck you I must be
racist or sexist in some way no I just
don't want to fuck you completely fine
if you don't want to fuck me completely
fine if it's because you know I have a
white skin and that's ugly to you I
don't know I can't stop laughing because
she talks like a queen slut I mean guys
how can you watch this
are you really curious what kind of
black people she refers I'd like to send
you my horse because that kind of
monsters you wish whatever that last
part meant bro also using that all black
guys have big dicks fallacy I've never
had a black dick I've had a lot of big
white dicks and one big Puerto Rican
dick who else turned off the volume and
then had an aneurysm died stopped having
use of their hands so that they can type
oh I get it
mmm probably a lots of people this video
is why I love to watch useless bimbo
whores choked in reading and spit in
porn videos dumbass bitch don't speak on
shit you know
nothing about and then later he goes off
to say because he's so butt hurts sex
with white women is so unfulfilled those
jiggly mushy booties complete turn off
black and Hispanic women are built for
sex white girls not so much then let's
make four awful blowjobs so you're mad
at something I said about not being
attracted to certain black people so
then you go back and like say all these
things about me that don't actually
apply to me like thin lips and jiggly
butts or over the fuck hypocrite much
you can't be mad at something that I say
that you perceive is similar to that and
then go off and do the exact same thing
just because it's a different comment
doesn't mean I'm not gonna see that you
did that girl I am fuckin omnipresent in
the comments and I will see your
hypocrisy 'he's probably not gonna read
all of this first off as an alpha male
this speech or her interpretation is
fucked you would have to be a moron to
believe her metrosexual spineless men
which are like herpes have no hope
period girls will dominate you and
destroy your self-confidence never never
never do this men want and need their
dicks inside vagina regardless they must
climax women want drama they don't want
men they want worthless draining emotion
so please just ask guys to fuck you and
they want to provided you're clean
you're clean you're clean what that's
all no more no less then everyone can be
what they really want and that's
polygamy polygamy is like marrying a
bunch of people it's like specifically
marrying a bunch of people end of story
wake up your fake blonde hooker looking
goof I have a fake blonde hooker looking
goof and I have to wake them up stop
talking you know when men don't want new
disrespective and if you do you will
never have a man ever we hate to
anything lie this actually got all the
way through it love it love it oh my god
don't already said I was thinking when
she said porn
youporn and redtube make youtube to get
her YouTube to get her mmm-hmm come and
get me
hashtag ask Tara do you think it's the
size of the duck or the motion of the
ocean it's like an ecological question
not quite sure I'm not a marine
biologist
I think the range of duck size is very
small usually ducks are just like
average-sized normal ducks they can
probably just leave the ocean if they
don't like the motion yeah
I'm a straight male and hell yeah I'd
let a girl play with my butt long hey
I'm George Matthew you know the fucking
code to my heart okay
the thing right behind my today's that's
it for this week's episode don't forget
to like the video and subscribe to the
channel I hope you enjoyed I didn't have
a lot of hate comments this time it was
really weird I feel like I must be doing
something wrong if people aren't hating
me enough you know anyway I hope you
enjoyed being roasted by a swollen Teemo
and post in the comments anything you'd
like I want to see more comments from
you guys so if you just have the inkling
to say something say it because I'm
actually one of the content creators
that read 90% of my comments reads 90%
of my comments and I really enjoy seeing
what you guys have to say thank you so
much you guys are amazing and I will see
you in two weeks with the new Tara
Reid's comments probably going in to
upgrade my boobs soon so I don't know
how many of the actual series is I can
keep up with but I will have some
pre-recorded videos and some other
things for you guys so it's not gonna be
completely barren of videos for like two
weeks
love you bye
