it's not like something where I look in
the mirror and I'm like so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want hey guys and welcome to
my version of the new year's resolution
video quote-unquote if you guys don't
know how I feel about New Year's
resolutions it's so wonderful to do flat
vlogs with Eve if you guys don't know
how I feel about New Year's resolutions
it's basically that they're bullshit and
people who do them heavily are never
actually going to change and it's a very
toxic way of viewing improvement I think
that if you have something you want to
change in your life you should be
actively changing it no matter when you
shouldn't be saying next week next month
next year you should be just getting it
the fuck done I've spoken about this
pretty much every year or around New
Year's au for New Year's
today I'm doing the the video after New
Year's Day but that's because I wanted
to get my game release news video for my
second - her first channel up I'm really
excited to have the gaming channel back
but anyway I have made so many strides
of improvement and things that I never
thought I would do this year so I'm
gonna take this time to make this a
little bit of a 2017 recap as well from
the horse's mouth aka mine you guys have
probably seen if not you should watch it
it's really fucking cool the 2017 recap
the niccola sell stock made for me as a
shit Tara says it's really amazing it's
edited like a fucking reality show it's
hilarious it's got feminism it's got me
moving it's got a bunch of Eve and it's
got some of my sexiest and what the fuck
is two moments of the year on my channel
as well as the top top viewed videos and
all that stuff all that interesting
tidbit that everyone else is doing but
way way better edited because I had Nick
edited which is fucking cool and I
didn't have a metadata he did it on his
own of his own fruition because he
wanted the channel to have a 2017 recap
which is really fucking cool so Thank
You Nick I appreciate that moving on
let's talk about some of the things that
I've done this year holy shit first of
all my entire life I thought at one
point I would probably be moving out of
Seattle I just never thought that I
would do it I honestly
I thought that I would do it I thought
that I would be in Seattle for the rest
of my life if not only just because I
would be so complacent that I wouldn't
want to like make my ass travel
cross-country and set up at a new place
I thought it would be too scary I
thought it would be an endeavor that
would be impossible and I was able to do
it not only that I was able to overcome
the worst week of my life afterward if
you guys didn't watch it's called um I
was homeless or something for a week I
would actually had no place to live when
I came down here because the house I had
set aside for me was unlivable in it was
literally the worst thing in the entire
world and I was able to get shit done I
was able to focus after like a small
breakdown a very very small breakdown
and just get things set up and now I
have the best fucking place ever I love
this house and I appreciate all them I
appreciate it all the more because I
know what I could have had and I don't
know this house is way better than the
original one I'm so happy with that also
I've always wanted to have multiple sets
for my videos instead of just like
filming at my computer and doing my
gaming channel on my twitch stream setup
so I have three setups now I have the
twitch setup I have the gaming channel
setup and I have the one that you're
used to on this channel the the chair
the plushy Nintendo plushy chair and
I've improved all of them and I worked
really hard I did almost everything with
this except for building the this zoomed
in if he'll zoomed in okay that's why
I've done everything on this set except
for building the furniture like the the
shelving and stuff but I did build half
of the thing in the middle and the
things on the side so I did some of that
as well and I organized it I painted the
wall on my own I I'm just really proud
of myself for taking the initiative to
make my dreams a reality my design
dreams a reality on top of that let's
see I know I'm gonna forget so many
fucking things during my birthday week I
finally decided that the homebody Tara
Babcock is gonna go out and do some
things that she's wanted to do for a
long time like get my CCW I went to my
CCW course which was crazy shut a gun
for the first time got more proficient
at guns
I sent in my CCW thing and I'm looking
toward getting a few firearms one for
Jay one for me and one for like house
protection and getting more proficient
with it I want to go down to the
shooting range and I've all I've been
the catalyst for that and I've been
wanting I've had a gun for a while and
I've wanted to finally get my CCW
certifications so that I can carry it
around and protect myself and evoke my
Second Amendment rights which I have
grown to love so fucking much and
understand and appreciate and feel
empowered by so I'm finally doing that
even though it's been like five or six
years of me thinking about doing it the
other thing is I've wanted to start
going hiking and stuff so Jay and I went
hiking for my birthday I had to go I
just did so much stuff on my birthday
week just to force myself to get it out
of the way and actually improve things
in my life that I wanted to improve I'm
constantly improving my my setups and my
my technique I guess you would say like
how I film things from what angle which
lighting I use and stuff and I'm just
trying to gain knowledge about
photography so I have what I view as the
best looking set and the best looking
content I think production quality is
very important not only do I get out
about it but I fucking love production
quality and just improving my production
quality having crisper clearer better
looking things like right now I'm
actually bending down my new ring light
so I have good lighting here cuz usually
I would have like crazy shadow lighting
and just awfulness back in the day and I
know a lot of people miss the the
personal miss the the closeness and the
feel of doing Vlad Luxor even before
that doing phone vlogs where it was like
480p quality but for me production
quality is like part of who I am I
really love just putting my best face
and my best skill and my best technique
and my best viewing experience forward
for you guys so don't look at it as me
fake off' eyeing it looking look at it
as me realizing my true self and what I
want and being less disappointed in the
appearance of my content because let me
tell you how annoyed I was back in the
day when I started the vlog channel at
how low-quality it was it wasn't me and
if you're looking for someone like that
like she want a head or someone who
doesn't like care at all to improve the
production quality it just kind of just
like a laptop camera and that's
something that you know makes you happy
when you're viewing content then by all
means but that's not me and that's not
what I want to portray to my audience
there are so many other things but oh
man I finally got back into weight
training now I want you guys to hold me
to this because this is my one downfall
my one flaw my one time or I'm a
complete hypocrite about saying change
your life I put your best foot forward
do fucking everything you can to improve
yourself because although I've been
proved every aspect of my aesthetic
throughout the years I have not gotten
my body in check it's I've been living
for years or so with the in ideal body
and it is nobody's fault but my own I
will often just go on like eating binges
I allow my relationship with food in my
addiction to food to get to me and to
not have the willpower to overcome that
I'll stop going to the gym for a while
and even though sometimes it's because I
get sick there's no excuse for me to be
eating an amount of calories that I'm
not burning enough to lose weight while
I'm sick as well and I just if my next
birthday which is November if by next
year's birthday November 2018 I don't
look any different at all then please
fucking help me hold myself accountable
to that because that is like one of the
vices that I don't want to indulge in
one of the things that I do feel like I
have a bit of an addiction to that I
actually want to change and I really
want because I've got in my face I've
got in my face and my makeup technique
and for the most part my hair other than
the fact that my natural hair is really
thin right now but I'm even improving
that I took it upon myself to get a
filter for my shower I also have a
humidifier of my skin and hair even with
the humidifier and the the filter just
the last couple days has gotten so much
better I tried out extensions for the
first time which may or may not have
contributed to my hair breakage I don't
think it
because it would have been breaking at
the root but I have so many short hairs
that are like this long if you go from
my head like this long but yeah help me
even though I shouldn't require your
help please help me hold myself
accountable to getting my body in on par
with my face I I know the techniques now
to make my face the way I wanted to look
I know what I want for my body for my
career for my content and I just really
need to start realizing in a real way
like I will I go to the gym almost every
day and let unless I'm busy and even
though I do that I need to not eat the
types of foods that I eat I don't eat
many times a day and I don't need a lot
every time I eat but what I do eat is
too much of certain foods you know so
like you could have a piece of cake
every day if that was all you had and
you would still lose weight because its
caloric intake versus output right but
what I do is I get like addicted to
quesadillas or I addicted to grilled
cheese or something and instead of
having like one quesadilla I'll have
like two or three at night because I'm
like okay I fucking ruled this day and I
got so much work done blah blah blah
let's fucking have some good food and
celebrate and it's like a I've realized
that when I go out to eat and when I
decide to go out to eat it's because I
feel like I'm celebrating something with
Jay my favorite person and best friend
and I love the the feeling of sitting on
the couch and watching some anime and
eating but and I also love the idea of
going out to eat at my favorite
restaurants and what I like more than
the food honestly is the experience of
just chilling on the couch and watching
things with Jay or sitting at Red Robin
and playing on that little touchpad
thing playing like plants vs. zombies or
something or the the trivia games I like
the experience of that but why do I need
to eat so much when I do those things
why is that a part of me enjoying it and
so that's why I haven't been able to get
back down to my ideal weight because
although I work out a fuck ton I'm
actually in better shape than I probably
look like I mean I don't know I guess
I'm probably in the same shape that I
look like I am alright
I don't know I do it I do cardio but I
don't force myself to do high-intensity
cardio often I'll just kind of be like
oh yeah well I have a dilemma because
you you're gonna burn more calories if
you do a longer session of not just like
running and sprinting because if you run
in sprint you're only gonna be able to
do like 10 minutes and then if you want
to increase your actual cardiovascular
health where you have more endurance and
stuff then yeah sure you can up into 15
minutes 20 minutes I'm straight groaning
but what's gonna be better for you
especially since I have like over an
hour to do cardio because I go with Jay
and Jays work out sometimes take a long
time is I'll walk uphill on the
treadmill or I'll do interval training
and things like that that are better for
weight loss rather than cardio because
I'm active enough in my opinion I don't
need the cardiovascular training at
least right now I want to do things that
limit in my hating of the gym and
running really fast and really hard and
like trying to find a good sports bra
for how much my boobs will bounce for
that and just feeling the the pain in my
side where it's like oh my god I've been
running like all that stuff I like to
avoid and just maximize my weight loss I
don't I don't need any advice I'm just
telling you guys uh what I do and my
thought process and holding myself
accountable to things that I've just
been like either putting off or not
doing to my full potential I was
watching a Stefan Molyneux video
recently not saying that I always agree
with the guy but one thing that he said
and it wasn't really like a credit to
him it's just like he said it at the
right time in in the right mindset for
me is like what do you want most in life
and what have you done to achieve it and
I was thinking what do I want most in
life well I want to continue living a
life that I have with my youtube channel
and all that stuff what have I done to
achieve it so fucking much like I work
like 12 hours a day on this shit often
and I'm streaming as much as I can
because I want my stream to improve and
then I think about what is the one thing
that I'm like I'm working on my skin I'm
working on my hair I'm working on you
know my wardrobe my money I'm on fucking
I'm on the Bitcoin train and other
cryptocurrencies so that I can have you
know cuz I was worried about actually
having like a fallback plan and I'm
getting I'm getting my health checks I'm
like doing everything proactively except
I see flaws and I cannot say I don't
have flaws in my my weight loss regimen
what I'm doing in the gym and what I'm
eating I don't want to keep like
half-assing it and then being like oh
well you know it takes so long so might
as well just have a pizza or you know
like I really want to get to a point
where I'm happy with my weight I'm
comfortable when I like moving around
and stuff when you're not your ideal
weight feels I don't know if a lot of
you guys have probably been a good
weight your entire lives over don't even
feel this way so for me when I get
overweight everything feels like
sluggish and things don't fit right and
it's just not practical you know so on
top of the just aesthetics it's me
wanting to feel a certain way in my own
skin to feel agile to feel like stuff
just fits and works out right you know
and obviously my content my content
looks better if I look better so that's
a part of improving my production
quality as well because the host is
starting to not look as well it's not
not look as good and a lot of people
have been asking me lately have you
gained weight it's weird because I
gained my weight in like 2015 and/or
2014 or 15 when I was on the the birth
control
fucking IUD made me gain like fucking 50
60 pounds for some crazy shit and that's
when I gained the weight and you can
even see like a while back like I looked
a lot bigger and then I lost 20 pounds
but I still need to lose like 40 and I
just haven't done that I haven't been as
strict and as stringent as I should be
I've never had a high metabolism it's
never been like super easy for me to
lose weight so I've always had to be
very proactive with it and I want to get
to the point where I'm at that comfort
zone and now I can incorporate a healthy
relationship with food and all of my
favorite foods in as cheat meals and not
as like week-long binges or
like I get like 15 this is not something
I do I'm not like Trisha Paytas or
anything but I get like a whole pizza
breadsticks and dessert and then that's
all I eat for the next two or three days
because I like want to finish or want to
finish it or whatever instead I should
be getting like a small personal pizza
and that's it with maybe dessert or
something I want to enjoy the foods that
I enjoy but I want to not feel like I
have to do it in excess so yeah that's
the biggest thing um this next year that
I just really wanna like buy I don't
want to even set like dates I don't want
to be like oh I want to start doing this
today and I want to get there by my
birthday no I just want to know every
single day that all of the actions that
I've taken not only were my own choice
and no one else's and not the fault of
like oh I have a lower metabolism
because I'm in my later 20s or anything
like that I want to know that all of
these choices that I'm taking are to
reach the goal that I have set for
myself and it doesn't matter how long it
takes as long as I'm doing my best and a
lot of people who make so many excuses
wait until New Year's or bla bla I'm too
lazy or oh you know I have fucking a
little metabolism or I'm sick or yeah
just like to blame everyone else and
it's like a defense mechanism for not
wanting to own up to their their flaws
or their things that they want to change
about themselves and improve and it's
quite funny because for me it's really
hard to like care care to lose weight
because I don't have what a lot of
people have which is like fucking
debilitating insecurity about my body
like I feel like at every stage of my
body I'm sexy every stage of my body is
just different it's interesting and
while this isn't my favorite and it
doesn't feel the best and it does
detract from my overall happiness with
my aesthetic it's not like something
where I look in the mirror and I'm like
oh you know so I have to derive desire
to do it from within and from my
principles and my philosophies in life
rather than my pain and ashamed ashamed
Mis or anything like that so it's a
little bit different for me I actually
have to hold myself to
standard and not just wait for someone
else to tell me to do it um god I've
done so much this year like we hit 300k
which is fucking amazing thank you so
much and we had a hundred and fifty on
the gaming channel even though I was
only uploading a few things so I'm back
to like full force with both channels
doing my best with twitch oh the biggest
thing the biggest thing of learning base
I am so happy I'm finally learning base
I wanted to learn bass or guitar but
mostly bass for so fucking long that's
been something I've wanted to do forever
and I'm like one day I will do it one
day I'll buy a bass and that's another
thing I did during my birthday and we
got Eve I I never thought that I would
want to have a pet simply because I love
animals she doesn't know this but I just
taking on the responsibility of another
life and then knowing that that life is
gonna end
probably prematurely much like earlier
than my life will end is like not
something I want to I didn't want to
subscribe to that you know what I'm
saying like I already have Jay in my
life as a liability for my happiness I
didn't want to add another person who I
actually feel like you know it could
take away my day-to-day happiness and
put a damper on Who I am for a while and
definitely if something happens to Eve I
would be that way it's a cause for
stress and concern if anything goes
wrong like recently when I got my
humidifier I wanted to infuse essential
oils and so I just did it the first day
and then I realized that it's really bad
for cats and that day since Jay built
his new mining rig it's like a computer
that mines cryptocurrency and Eve kept
playing because it's like an open case
so Eve kept like going and like putting
her paw in the in like the heat saying
can and the fans and stuff so we locked
her in the room with the fucking
essential oils and I'm like oh my god
should we take her to get her a liver
checked right now which would be like
five or seven hundred dollars like I
really want to make sure I didn't fuck
her up and I felt so bad and it was like
oh my god I'm gonna lose as part of my
livelihood because
I fucking I just fucking ran some sweet
orange essential oils so huh that was
really stressful I want to know what you
guys is I want to know what you guys as
New Year's resolutions are and I also
want you guys to try this is I'm
imploring you to try to see things as
improve every single day get to your
goal so don't wait
don't let anything slow you down like
you don't have to wait until New Year's
and it's so funny because it's nice to
see people in the gym in January and
then in February I'm always disappointed
because those people like drop off by
like 60% it's so many people with the
mindset of New Year's resolution it's
the toxic mindset that makes you not
stick to anything because if you don't
want it bad enough to do it on December
31st but you'll try it on January 1st
just as a tradition then you don't want
it bad enough and it's not going to
happen for you and it's not the right
mindset and of course you guys are gonna
like pull up like a few and far between
like success stories and stuff but as a
whole that mindset isn't good and isn't
it isn't productive so when I say I
don't like most traditions or more most
holidays other than for like random
superficial fun I find this one to be
the most annoying because people really
do take to heart like oh this is a new
year and another thing I've talked about
that's really annoying is people saying
that their last year was terrible and
horrible and I hope next year will be
great and they they say they don't
trivialize the year they actually say
like it starts to finish now let's
decide if this was a good year or a bad
year like why not and like why are
people so naked it's like yeah I don't
understand first of all why people think
they had a good year or a bad year based
on what happened in society how many
terrorist attacks who is our president
what happened in politics what happened
in their favorite shows like your good
goodness or badness of a year should not
rely upon other people it should rely on
you how much you got done and you should
always try to look at things as a
learning experience rather than regret
or trying to just feel bad for yourself
instead of looking at all the nice
awesome things that you have in your
life because everyone has some everyone
has some positives and I see all these
people moaning and complaining about
2016 2017 the last two years have been
terrible it's the worst ever ask them
why oh because Trump got elected that's
fucking retarded you guys know it's
fucking retarded stop doing it okay I
love you guys thank you so much for
watching I know this was a little bit
long and ranty and weird I know if I did
more Vlad vlogs it wouldn't be so
awkward but I'm a little bit out of my
element here and for some reason it's
much harder to hold up the camera now
I'm actually shaking a little bit in my
I guess I act for feed the muscles that
hold Vlad straight out or some things I
haven't done it for so long I love you
guys let me know if you want more GLAAD
blogs because this actually looks really
nice I'll do something like this more
often if you guys want it to be more
personal less cut up and I hope you guys
have a wonderful 2018 and I hope you
guys have been working on the things
that you want to improve about yourself
since you realized you wanted to improve
it you know because that's a you know
always improve never stop improving
there's nothing wrong with improving
just fucking do it get your life in
order make into life the life you've
always wanted to be make your life the
life you've always wanted it to be
because you only have one life and it's
fucking short don't live for other
people don't let other people tell you
what to do I love you guys and I'll see
you in the next video fine
