hey guys welcome to a new random topics
vlog this video was supposed to be
uploaded yesterday but I decided to take
a day off because if I look a little
weird I am a little swollen and that is
why so that'll be going on in a few days
nothing to worry about
but I took yesterday off and I played a
ton of undertale I also played a bunch
of darkest dungeon with Jay which was
awesome I loved showing him games that I
am playing on my own channel Tara
Babcock comm slash not that youtube.com
slash Tara Babcock games I randomly just
go off on a tangent and start talking
about stupid shit and I'm not gonna be
editing this video probably today so
we're just going to talk about some
stupid shit today we're going to be
talking about my affinity for pain how
much I love pain why I love pain and how
that relates to sex yeah random fun sex
video where I go way too deep into a
topic that is way too blunt for most of
society to handle but okay so most of
you guys know that I love pain in sex I
like really big dicks because I like
pain and sex
I like when something is like pushing on
my cervix or when someone is like biting
my nipples or when someone's choking me
I like all of these things and one of
the reasons why I like them obviously is
because I like being dominated I like
masculine and very virile men so that
kind of plays into that the fact that
you know he can hurt me I'm at his mercy
the dominants kind of feel that I get
from sex but a lot of people would think
that that's where it stops and that's
why I like the pain and really that's
not the truth like there are a bunch of
weird things that I do relating to pain
just because I enjoy pain in certain
aspects like when I was younger I had a
lot of dental work done I had like a
root canal that were they had to like
take out the actual the nerve in my
tooth and that was like the most painful
thing in the world because if you know
something about me you know that I don't
really take well to anesthetic I don't
like I can fall asleep on general
anaesthetic like when I'm going under to
get my boobs done or something but if
it's just like local anaesthetic and
it's like injected into my face and
stuff I don't it doesn't like work very
well for me I don't know why the topical
stuff doesn't working either the stuff
they just put on the skin it doesn't
numb me as well as it should and I end
up feeling things when I'm getting
dental work done so I had a lot of
experiences with pain when I was younger
I fell off of a bike chipped my two
front teeth and
I had to get a bunch of teeth pulled I
don't know if they still do that but
back in the day and they used to like
pull teeth for no reason they would be
like oh we need to pull this to this and
the new ones not gonna come in fast
enough or something I don't even
remember what the reasons were but I've
had at least like five teeth pulled in
my life for no fucking reason when I was
younger and that should hurt like crazy
you could hear the cracking and it was
like so gross and back then I hated that
shit but now like when I go to a dentist
the only type of pain I don't like is
the like hot cold sensitivity pain so
it's kind of weird that I pick and
choose which types of pain I like and
which types I don't and I think it
probably stems from the fact that I've
had to deal with pain so much growing up
you know what I'm saying like I had so
many issues with my like face and going
to the dentist I actually had my gums
were receding on the bottom and I had to
get some alloderm it's the same stuff
that I got in my lips a while back but
it's like skin tissue like natural skin
tissue that they put there to try to
make sure that this the gums don't
recede too long and that was really
painful they actually had this like
stupid wax thing that was like it was
like what was it it was like sutured
into my mouth so I had like this wax
thing that was getting like food behind
it that hurts that like if I ever bumped
it right here it would be like super
super like just like strong stabbing
pain it was like the worst thing ever
and I just like had so many experiences
like that that I think I got kind of
used to Pam supposedly scientifically
women have a higher pain tolerance so
they can stand going through things like
births like childbirth and stuff and
it's very interesting to me that that
would be the case because I feel like
I'm also someone who has a higher than
normal higher than average from even
other women pain tolerance but I'm
wondering if you guys have ever
experienced - like if you are a
girlfriend with a boyfriend or a
boyfriend who has a girlfriend or you
just have girlfriends or guy friends do
you ever feel like women or are less
pussies when it comes to pain or do you
feel like it's a psychological thing
where women haven't been exposed to it
as much so they might actually feel pain
less strongly but they're more afraid to
it and they have adverse reactions to
hearing about having to go through pain
like I've never cared about being
injected I've never gotten lightheaded
I've never worried about that when I get
my lip injections and stuff it doesn't
hurt usually last time I got them done
I did a drunk straitens day before and
it was like three days ago that's why
I'm swollen I did a drunk stream the
night before I drank a whole bottle of
wine you guys and if you guys watch my
twitch touchin on TV slash Tara Babcock
I do drunk streams every month for
patreon patreon com slashed her fat cock
oh my god so many shameless self
promoting that the day before because
I'm going in to get my boobs redone soon
and I didn't want to like not do the
goal that I set for the patrons for that
month so I decided to do it and I ended
up overdoing it and I was like really
hungover the day I went over to do my
pre-op and I also got some injections
and it hurt like crazy like oh my god I
hurt like crazy I'm thinking like it's
my immune system down because I have
this hangover am I feeling things more
succinctly more the way normal people
would feel them because I have this
hangover and my body is different
defenses or something or working out
this is totally its colloquial talking
about the body I'm not actually I don't
know anything about you know science and
stuff like I I know something you don't
I mean I don't want to sound like a dumb
blonde or whatever not that it matters
what I sound like but when I say I don't
know things about science and the human
body I mean I don't like read up on that
stuff I've never gone to school for that
stuff and a lot of this is just hearsay
and like my own anecdotal evidence that
I have for why I don't really have an
adversity to pain like I'm fine with
pain and sometimes in some cases even
like it like in bed I tried the pinwheel
recently oh my god the pinwheel was so
much fun J like used the pinwheel on my
nipples I was like harder what are you
doing it's not supposed to be like
something that just like tickles me or
scratches me and I ended up having lines
everywhere and I was trying it a little
bit after I unboxed it and then the next
video I did had like a mark on my chest
and I'm like I don't have a hickey you
guys I don't know if you guys remember
that it was like a week ago or something
but um yeah I just I enjoy pain and it's
not just about domination so for
instance when I have like a sore tooth
or something it's been a while since
I've had any like sore teeth or cavities
or anything but have you ever had this
issue and I saw it like someone else I
think I might have been Tana mojo talked
about that she also does this but like
when something hurts in your mouth or
when you have something in your mouth
don't you just want to bite down as hard
as you can to like feel the pain as much
as you can just for a second and then
you stop like I kind of enjoy that and
it's kind
funny like when someone hurts me like in
bed for instance you can tell if you're
actually hurting me if I start laughing
maniacally like I'll be like giggling
and stuff you know when you're like
pounding my cervix or when you're like
twisting my nipple a giving me a purple
nurple you know I'm saying or like
choking me too hard I like start
giggling and if that's my response to
pain that I'm actually enjoying you know
if I'm not enjoying it then like
sometimes I'll even like go through pain
that I don't enjoy because I like trying
to have the mental capacity and the
mental discipline to like negate certain
feelings even when they're not emotions
like you guys know that I do this like I
try to siphon my negative emotions into
something that can be positive or I try
to like eradicate them altogether well I
do this with pain too and I recently was
watching limitless the TV show it's it's
really fucking good limitless the TV
show so fucking good better than the
movie I don't really like Bradley Cooper
so I really like the the TV show better
than the movie it has Deborah from I
think her name was Deborah in the show
from Dexter the sister she is also a cop
in that show and she's like the second
main character just like she was in
Dexter and um they were tight she got
shot right this is like not too much of
a spoiler
I guess because nothing really happened
from it but she got shot and she was on
NZT which is the drug that makes you be
able to use all of your brain all the
time and she was able to negate the pain
from being shot by saying this is just
shock this is pain you pain is only a
way that your brain perceives a danger
or whatever and she just turned it off
and I was like oh my god that's what
I've been trying to do forever like all
often if I sub my toe I'll try not to
react and I often see people react to
pain and they over react to pain and I
understand like for instance I know I'm
going all over the place to try to bear
with me on this it's been a while since
I've done a topic vlog where I just talk
about whatever the fuck and I know you
guys enjoy these for the most part a lot
of people are like what the fuck is she
even talking about but one of the
reasons I got a following on this
channel was from doing like silly ass
topics like this over the top just
talking nonstop about random things
going on tangents like tangential shit
tangential Tarot should so what I was
trying to say but anyway um if you get
your hair caught and like someone zipper
right and they're they keep walking
because we don't notice that it has
I understand overreacting to get their
attention as quickly as possible so you
can be like hey you got my hair and your
fucking zipper right and I do that too
because I don't want any problems to
come to my hair but when I stub my toe
or something I just like don't react and
I don't see any reason to react like I
or like if I burn myself I burn myself
often on this curling iron that I use
it's one of those conical curling irons
that you're supposed to use a glove for
but I don't have the dexterity to use my
hands without touch like I don't know if
you guys have ever tried to do something
like play a video game with gloves on I
can't do it because I need the touch to
know how precise I'm doing things so I
don't like wearing the glove so I'll
like take this and I'll fucking put it
around the hot-ass thing and then
sometimes when I get to the end I'll
like touch it a little bit I'll wait for
a second and it takes a second for me to
recognize pain it's really annoying so
like by the time I actually feel the
pain I already like have to put my hand
on her hot water or something otherwise
I get like a blister and it's awful but
this happens to me when I'm cooking as
well and I don't like react I just move
my hand away and then I'm done and a lot
of people with like the tiniest prick of
a needle or the tiniest little like
overheated
you know sensory perception where they
like burn themselves just the slightest
amount they're like oh fuck and I'm just
like that's so crazy to me because I
don't need to do that and I don't see
why people do that and I like to not you
know I feel like I often feel like it's
not that they don't have the discipline
it's that they want the attention that
they got hurt and they want people to
like feel for them like often I'll just
be like oh shit I just hit my hand it
hurts you know and it's kind of funny
how I don't have to like make a big deal
out of it and I don't know if you guys
have felt this way but like next time
you stub your toe or next time you do
something that like hurts a lot all of a
sudden like it shocks you or whatever
and that might be another reason why
it's just like the shock loop wow what
the fuck oh you know and not necessarily
the level of pain that you felt
but next time you get hurt try not to
react to it try even to like think about
something else to mitigate the pain
think about how the pain is not actually
there it's a figment of your brain
telling you that something has happened
that might be actually harming you there
are actually people out there and I saw
this on house at first and then I did
research and these people actually exist
but they
can't feel pain like they can they have
the sense of touch but their brain for
some reason doesn't actually like let
them know and alert them to pain so they
could have like a broken leg and not
even know it and I saw it first in house
and then I researched it and it was just
like oh my god that's so cool I wish I
had that so much then I wouldn't feel
pain for things that I know I'm you know
safe and because of you know like if I
go through a surgery or if I stub my toe
and it's not completely broken I don't
want to feel that I don't want to like
have a bad time because I now just like
hurt myself so I think that would be
really interesting there is a lot more
things that I could go into there are a
lot more things I could go into I hate
it when I like fuck up that is an are
something I always have to go back and
correct myself and usually I would just
cut that out but you know Yolo nobody
needs to fucking edit videos people will
sit here and listen to me ramble for 14
minutes it's like 12 minutes now I can't
really read from here but I don't know I
hope you guys enjoyed this video there
are a lot more things I could say on the
topic of pain there are a lot more
things where I'll just like hurt myself
a little bit just to feel it and it's
kind of like a masochistic tendency that
I have but it definitely is more of a
sexual thing than anything else I really
like pain in bed I really like my hair
pulled and the only time it's annoying
when my hair is pulled as if someone
grabs only a few strands and I can hear
the hair rip like for instance just for
your information guys when you grab hair
like literally like twist it or
something and then like go like this and
pull you know like don't like do that
you know like I like just doing that to
myself I don't know why and it's it's
part a sexual response part just like oh
and then I try to mitigate it it's
really interesting and it's really fun
to play with how far your mind can be
trained to do certain things and to
train yourself to react a certain way
that you feel is more favorable
either to yourself or in society it's
very interesting to do that and like not
necessarily change who you are but like
if you have some like weird tics or
things that you don't like that you do
or reflexively you can train yourself
not to do those things and it's very
interesting so yeah when you're pulling
hair don't pull like a few strands
because you can actually ruin the hair
the point of fooling hair is to deliver
a little you know domination it's not
too
like ruin the girls fucking hair or hurt
the hair but if you pull it all together
or even like wrap it around your hand or
something that isn't gonna actually hurt
the follicle as much and it's not gonna
rip out any hair I would like hate it so
much I just like her I'm like roof to my
hair as if I'm in a fucking girl fight
and that only infuriates me not because
it hurts but because it's like what the
fuck are you doing to my precious hair
that I've taken so long to grow out and
get healthy like what is wrong with you
you know what I'm saying I hope you guys
enjoyed this video like the video
subscribe to the channel if you did if
you want me to do more random topic
vlogs I know a lot of you guys do please
let me know in the comments I have to
record a lot of videos at once because I
am getting my boobs done as I said I
will be posting a more official video
telling you guys that hey from now on a
lot of these videos are going to be
pre-recorded for like two to three weeks
because I am in recuperation and can't
really sit up for long periods of time
or do a bunch of jumping around or move
my arms that much but I will also be
doing a vlog about me getting my boobs
redone and stuff so it'll be exciting
it'll be fun I love you guys so much
thank you so much for the support and I
hope I have entertained you here for
these like 14 minutes love you guys bye
