hey guys welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says this week we have a
really special one special for two
reasons the first reason why it's
special is because we have a new
contender making a show Tara says this
week and it was kind of a surprise to me
the creator's name is armand and he has
to instagram accounts one dedicated to
pictures of harley quinn with little
quotes it's really cute you guys should
check it out as always link will be in
the description Andy happens to be 16
years old 16 years old and that talented
gotta give the guy props he told me his
name was like Iron Man and that's how
you pronounce it so our man but for some
reason that's hard for me to say our man
either way thank you are man this is
like an amazing episode I had a ton of
fun watching it and that leads me to the
other reason why it's so special it
contains mostly old footage from classic
Tara you know the really really low
quality phone vlogs you guys have been
missing and it's a pretty good time for
the shit Tara says too because I'm gonna
start doing the phone vlogs again just
with a high quality camera that i named
vlad vlad the vlogging camera anyway i
sincerely hope you guys enjoy this
compilation and that you'll check out
our man's links down in the description
thank you so much our man and everyone
who has watched and supported this
channel roll the footage
Oh
dripping hey guys hey guys hey guys hey
guys quite please hey guys hey guys hey
guys hey guys shut up thank you hello
Linda vill comin so today I have
something really exciting totally
different and kind of scary for me for
you guys there's a lot of fucking hey
guys so I am outside hey great story but
this time I'm in other balcony I'm in
the balcony that in the bedroom yeah I
don't care ok I don't I really don't
give a fuck it's got like these curtains
so I'm like standing in front of
curtains and I feel so cool I'd like a
backdrop it I don't give up do I look
like that because I don't it's awesome
so today is Friday ah could I see it Wow
gobble gobble rawr fuck this shit I'm
out fuck this shit I'm out no dang now
I've got to throw away the key you
should have talked to me more often than
you did now you had to go your own way
have you broken any homes up lately just
five minutes worm your honor him and me
alone it was dreadful no really dreadful
and I'm saying that to be kind because
you will never ever ever have a career
in singing fucking penises remember
these words you know the singer this is
not really made sense to me la here's
something a little less smiley and just
a better song
you were trouble when you walked in to
shame on me now flew me to places and
never been so you put me
damn I think you just killed my favorite
song of all time take a firehose stick
it up your rectal cavity as far as it
can fit because you know it'll be able
to fit and then turn it on full pressure
have fun exploding like a human water
balloon you're dead to me anyway thank
God you have nice tits or you would have
no subs they are cool damn girl nice
titties like oh my god all anyone ever
talks about is made bills why don't they
see how smart I am
it's pretty cool I got bangs um I hate
bangs and I hate not bangs but I also
hate that like in half of the pictures
at this big-ass forehead what do you
want it's not that simple what do you
want thanks for a good idea and I'm
happy about it damn it what do you want
Congress shoes or something I would
consider myself to have been a sexual
person since I was about 9 years old
Jesus Christ at 12 I lost my virginity
and yes he was my age and yes it was my
idea well he was actually a little bit
younger but semantics youtube
motherfuckers need Jesus hubby is baby i
am general punishment reporting to show
this new what great sex is really like
pocket vaginas see the bitch on the box
is super fucking ugly i don't like her
he might like her cuz he has low
standards I've also thought it would be
really cool to die by getting raped and
murdered by some really cool like
hacksaw mask a guy you've longer and
more explosive ejaculations they're
really cute don't you guys think he's
like oh I just got a nine inch dick I
really want like a 17,000 inch dick
because that would just be cool it gives
you some shit um the last night I'd like
the best sex ever let me take a picture
of these anal beads the one of them's
glass and that hurts it's like too hard
ooh uh-huh and my ass is still upon the
counter like that isn't that awesome and
there's me tummy again and my babies for
some reason I didn't like you back in
the day and he's like yeah that makes
sense because I was an asshole
you
huh you guys ready I'm actually kind of
nervous like I'd like to have it in my
head but for some reason like recording
videos I just feel so silly well here
goes I haven't done a vlog in a couple
days so I decided to do it because why
not because that's what I'm supposed to
do is make a vlog all the fucking time
like every single day but I'm not doing
it power level 9000 I was slut of middle
school what phone phone what are you
doing that is my iphone telling me to
shut the fuck up because nothing I am
saying is interesting Tara we're that
far miss Tara dachshund Alabama Alaska
Arizona Arkansas California Colorado
Connecticut Delaware yeah oh my god
suits do you see I can't see if you can
see Oh suits suits background because
Gabriel Macht so fucking hot oh my god I
don't even care that he's 20 years old
or 15 years older than me i don't care i
will fuck you gabriel mocks regardless
of your wife and child oh that's so
terrible to say enlightening I've been
lightened you haha that's stupid oh my
god ok bill mott uh-huh ah Florida
Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana
Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine
Maryland Massachusetts what is this is
the top of juice why would I have a top
of juice here oh because I just finished
my juice and my boobs are stretching it
out as it goes on we've been driving for
three hours are you drunk three two
hours ago I'm universe ago and I don't
fucking understand why you're still in
the goddamn car Oh
I know you guys really like the
connection with the I I connection like
this let's bounce hashtag in bed mystic
Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri
Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire
New Jersey New Mexico New York North
Carolina North Dakota yeah that's just
another fucking game or girl turning a
central it would stick my metaphorical
dick in someone I hear shit everything
is just shit today for me ah Doan ya
deutschland di ohio oklahoma oregon
pennsylvania rhode island south carolina
south dakota people started hating on me
because they found out that i sucked my
boyfriend's dick pink lemonade is the
best fucking goddamn shit in the
universe shut up why am I sitting here
wasting my time with these degenerates
that have no life what else oh oh anal
sex hurts who's got issues we've been
trying to fly under stadium no a what
bitch sex dice this is the thing that
will make me take the hearts of all the
nerds don't my tits look big and this
shirt I think they do give a fuck what
the fuck how awesome is that a Tennessee
Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington
West Virginia West Virginia Wisconsin
Wyoming there you go
Oh
you
hope you guys enjoyed it let me know in
the comments what you guys think don't
be so like the video subscribe to the
channel cuz i mean really good thing to
remember remember one video every single
day a lesson unless like something crazy
happens like usually when i travel i'm
able to upload a video at least like
this kind of block type thing but if I
don't it'll just be like very few days
in between each video and I'm gonna do I
still have the gameplay videos the
stream highlight and I'm also having
just some our TV it's so amazing it's so
fun the content i'm creating i love it i
hope you guys want it to all right
