hey guys welcome to the episode of
Friday time oh I am so happy to be here
right now
talking to you guys answering your
questions shouting out the winner of
this week's giveaway and just opening
your fucking amazing fan mail you guys
are the epitome of the best audience
ever if someone were to say thank you
you've been the best audience it would
be all of your shining beautiful faces
out there in the sea of the crowd
because oh I love you guys so much I'm
excited let's do it first off I want to
remind you guys that if you want
anything from my store scream gear.com
slash Tara Babcock check it out I have a
bunch of really cool merchandise I
fucking love this shirt it's amazing it
comes in men's sizes women's sizes
anywhere from small to extra large XXL
in some cases and it's so fucking soft
never mind this thing that I have right
here on my chest it's not a hickey I
just recorded the sex ed video on the
same day as this video and I was playing
with a pinwheel ouch anyway this week's
giveaway winner of a steam game of his
choice is Mike congratulations Mike
Mike wanted a copy of XCOM - and I sent
it over to him graciously and
immediately he also gave a shout out to
my ex come to gameplay on my gaming
channel youtube.com slash Arab of cog
games shameless promo number 2 of the
video and it's only been what like a
minute okay so this week we have you
guys's questions if you want to be in
the video with a question I do these
every single week this week's first
question is from Alexandre cosec hey
Alex do you expect a Spanish Inquisition
in the comments what a silly question
Alex no one expects the Spanish
Inquisition
nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition
Oh Monty Python references I love it ok
now for the real question of the week I
even be terrible asked you mentioned
things would change if the world was
yours what would you change I'm gonna
try and make the answer to this question
not be long-winded this fuck because
there are a lot of things I would change
and obviously some of these things that
I want to change or just like idealistic
they might not work in real world
application but the first thing I would
change that would make it clear that
there should be no censorship not even
in like primetime TV I don't feel like
kids should be censored from a young age
I don't feel like people should be
sheltered and made to feel like it's the
biggest deal in the world if someone
triggers them we live in a fucking free
country with freedom of speech that
means I have the right to say whatever
the fuck I want it doesn't matter how
many people are offended and you have
the right to be offended and retort with
whatever the fuck you want everything
that I do and say is my honest feelings
and I like finding people who are also
that open and aren't afraid to say what
they want even if the jokes that they
like might offend someone or the things
that they say might not be what everyone
wants to hear and that's very important
to me and it seems like this country has
lost sight of that another thing I would
change if I could is being sexy wouldn't
be seen as some kind of irredeemable
quality it would be a good quality just
like being smart just like having talent
talent is somewhat god-given but you can
also gain talent through practice just
like with beauty I don't see why it has
to be so disingenuous for someone to
want to be attractive the idea that
everyone is equally beautiful is just as
dumb to me as the notion that everyone
equally contributes to society when
looking at things logically everyone has
equal worth I just don't believe that we
should have equal rights definitely like
the right to freedom of speech but there
should be nothing wrong with caring
about your appearance and definitely
nothing wrong with striving to keep your
weight at a healthy range but obviously
the application of that would be hard I
think I would just promote healthy
ideals also everyone should grow up
gaming it's one of the best things that
ever happened to me
gamers are more intelligent more
dexterous better hand-eye coordination
they make better surgeons doctors
problem solvers gaming can help you out
of depression it can keep you busy when
your mind just wants to be in the dumps
it's the best thing ever and I recommend
it for everyone so there will be fucking
games in schools and more funding for
competitive gaming oh and I know a lot
of people won't like this but I will
find research and the advancement of
technology even if it means we test
human subjects or clone humans just the
eradication of everything that's PC
teaching people rather than censoring
people promoting high self esteem rather
than coddling those with low self esteem
alright let's get into the fucking
unboxing so that took way too long we've
got a package
I love packages especially of the
squishy find oh I know who these are
from these are the Princess Peach
panties that I wanted and I love these
types of panties because they're super
stretchy so they'll conform exactly to
my body oh I'm so excited this is
hashtag princess let's put them on we
gotta put them on right hashtag princess
so fucking comfy oh my god I love it
thanks thing we have is this hello
cardio Mario shirt oh god I love these
like flowy tank tops or like my favorite
things now sometimes Tara Murch just has
to come off oh my god this so matches my
panties look
and one more shirt in this package this
one says bring it on Mario oh well this
is such a fucking delightfully feminist
shirt but it's pink so it's my kind of
feminism you know the kind that doesn't
hate men but challenges them the kind
that would make you an egalitarian let's
put it on
I love the charcoal color so good that
package was from a slave in training so
instead of saying thank you I'm gonna
say good boy next we've got what is this
oh my god no way someone actually bought
me a pair Nintendo bands ohh oh god I
hope this it they have like the retro
Mario stuff on it like there's a Goomba
and a mushroom and a fire flower game
over oh my god oh my god please fit me
oh my god how fucking awesome is this
I'm so happy oh these are so sick I
think these actually come from my new
slave as well so you're doing a good job
slave look at the tongue the Super Mario
Brothers art from the NES oh my god oh
nothing's gonna top that I know it we've
got a misty Babcock package
dear LMT I'm sure this shirt will look
cool on you oh yeah I love the light
heather gray so good strong like Donkey
Kong doesn't rub her tongue fucking know
it new stuffed poodle girl
good boy overtime Oh everything is so
amazing today my life is so good sorry
for bragging I just I'm so blessed like
holy shit I know who this is from
Pekka sent me this I'm so Mario doubt
this episode oh it's awesome
four packs I wanted to get a Mario one
for me and a Luigi one for Jay or the
opposite I don't know I thought that
would just be like the coolest thing
ever
it's me tateo case chemically the new
favorite sunglasses 100% also this is
helping a lot with having the light in
my eyes fuck you lighting I'm wearing
fucking Mario glasses hmm
hey girl was you doing how about i plumb
out your pipes I'm strong like Donkey
Kong
get him over oh we've got a package from
Shaun be one of my favorite people who
be existent oh oh god why is my life so
amazing I don't deserve you guys goddamn
it I don't Oh
Resident Evil 4 nice good look at our
girl remake a Resident Evil 4 thank you
so fucking much this is awesome
u.s. agent Liana's Kennedy must
investigate the kidnapping of the
president's daughter we all know the
fucking story of this goddamn game and
it's on ps4 too you know the way
straight to my fucking hearts through
slightly less scary games than Resident
Evil 2 Thank You Shaun amazing
I'm like eating my mustache as I talk
and I don't fucking care now we've got
another package ow
I just hit my vagina and oh shit girl
we've got a hero's version time to
change my undies don't you guys think
fire whenever never now I love how Luigi
is still green but he's like a pastel
green and Mario is pink
he'll fucking yes thank you so fucking
much amazing these are my new favorite
undies I don't even fucking like undies
so they're gonna be like my new favorite
short shorts I'm gonna wear them all
around the house
next item what the hell it just has a
gift for you why would you put a gif
down here and not tell me from whom this
is get your beast on and it's a picture
of Bowser in the background oh yeah and
then this piece is oh my god someone
bought me the dress it's a Nintendo
dress we have to try both of these on
hold on first let's start with these
shirts shirtless Mario oh yeah get your
beast on I love it it's perfect just
like all the others the only thing that
makes me more excited the new fucking
clothes is new games and I got both
today or new fucking gaming clothes
alright let's try on the dress
best dress ever oh I could totally wear
this without a bra I love it
oh thank you so much
I sleep blowing my mind I did not know
that I would get so many things that I
put on my wish list in like quick
succession it's like BRR BRR BRR
look when you're being rammed by like
the best penis ever and then like three
more of that same penis just like go
into your eye sock it's like that's how
I feel right now I'm like oh it's so
fucking good you guys are so amazing we
got something from Jay s could it
perhaps be a new amazing fucking vision
here's a quick update the douching will
be six chapters minimum with ten pages
each I'm currently working on chapter
blue I haven't sent anything due to
being sick for a week then moving after
I moved I got sick again
and had to work 14 days straight but now
I'm back and I'm sitting on ten videos
you have to check out his work he's an
amazing fucking artist he has a YouTube
channel which I'm posting in the
description cuz he fucking deserves
every ounce of your support until the
next time keep beasting love Jay s there
I am chapter blue I actually watched the
video of him doing this so this isn't a
surprise to me so fucking good I haven't
seen this one my ass is so much better
than in real life oh my God look at me
my Pikachu hat I love how I have this
like dumbfounded but sexiest fuck look
this is the kind of look the Jo e says
when girls have it he wants to punch
them then fuck them because they look so
stupid post in the comments if you also
feel like some girls look so stupid but
also so hot that you want to punch them
and then fuck them maybe like a donkey
punch and then oh you made me something
for 200k Congrats I can't wait until you
reach the 500k milestone heart aw it's
so cute even got my six eyes right okay
I love you Jess you're so amazing each
of these obviously getting their own
fucking pages in my binder I love them
so much I cannot wait to see the full
version once again his links will be in
the description he's amazing he's an
amazing artist and he makes really
interesting vlog so you have to check
them out alright we have like three
boxes but I don't know I don't think
anything can best those flat packages
that I just got what is this oh shit oh
it's two three yes game
holder yes oh this is so awesome at
nourishing this before but when I was
shopping for those shirts and things I
saw this and it was like oh my god so
amazing let's open it we have to open it
if you send this to me Nate you are
fucking amazing
you are wonderful you're such a great
person he didn't get stop doubting
yourself as I'm eating my mustache take
me seriously and know that you need to
stop doubting yourself oh my god I can't
wait to get this open this is such a
great statue piece I love it little DK
barrel oh my god for dick season there
Jay get her out oh this is so awesome it
holds one two three four five six seven
eight games and a bunch of styluses even
if I put fucking games in this which I
will cuz I have a lot of yes games it's
just the cutest thing ever oh I love
this just for right now it's going right
there because it's so fucking amazing
thank you so much
oh my god no way this is way bigger than
I thought a foot is the best thing ever
oh I I am without words for this item
it's so much bigger than I thought it
would be it's so much more amazing oh my
god thank you so much baby girl love you
so 8-bit it needs to go into my brain
now I need a Mario to go along with him
or I'm Mario I guess oh I'm starting to
get nauseated too much excitement for
one video holy shit such a fucking good
addition to the Nintendo chair oh my god
is that one more package I cannot hold
back the excitement oh my god
oh the Donkey Kong Yahtzee hello LMT a
new member of your plushie collection oh
my god who's it gonna be girl its Amy
Amy um I looked up to when I was younger
and I saw there was a plushy Amy
something I've always wanted but never
actually existed until recently until
like sonic boom type stuff and now I
have her Amy Rose you're so adorable
good boy River tongue unfortunately Amy
cannot stay on this chair tour alas she
is Sega and not Nintendo that's okay
because she can go with her boyfriend or
I guess her wannabe boyfriend sonic in
the other room but this this is really
fucking cool it's like Donkey Kong
Yahtzee
like Donkey Kong characters on it
instead of numbers and shit's so fuckin
awesome it's on like Donkey Kong get
ready to do a barrel roll with America's
all-time number one dice game
this special doggy Kong Yahtzee includes
decays barrel as the Cup and customized
dice featuring Donkey Kong icons roll
your way to victory with classic dice
combinations like Full House large
straight and five of a kind this is
awesome I played a lot iottie when I was
younger with my grandma with my parents
and now I have the best fucking Yahtzee
ever best ever for sure thank you so
much you guys today has been a fucking
dream this has been the best fucking
Friday night mail in a really long time
I got to give things away I got to
answer deep questions I got to say
thanks to people who did amazing things
for me and I got to eat my mustache the
whole time and list because of it Lisp
it's such a troll word because if you
have a list it's really hard to say Lisp
oh my god you guys make my life so much
more worth living I don't want to just
say just worth living because then that
sounds a little bit creepy and I'm not
trying to be creepy I'm just trying to
be intensely grateful for everything you
guys do for me seriously like look at my
face look at my face I really don't feel
like I could be more grateful and more
happy and more lucky and more blessed
than I am because of you guys thank you
so fucking much oh my god if you guys
want to sign up for this week's giveaway
link will be down in the description you
guys are just amazing to me so fucking
amazing thank you so much I hope you
enjoy my ass shots that I'm gonna leave
in here gratuitously just for you this
dress is perfect the tank tops are
perfect the shoes are the most perfect
thing I've ever seen in my entire life
the panties the toys thank you everyone
so fucking much like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you enjoy
this series if you enjoy the channel
please post your questions in the
comments I'm going to take one good
question each week and answer it on
Friday night mails video I do a giveaway
every week link will be in the
description for the giveaway I'll also
have a straw poll going with it so you
can decide whether or not you want a
free steam game some free Tara merch
picks a Tara merch please or an
autographed eight-by-ten I love you so
much have a wonderful fucking weekend
because I know I'm gonna have a
wonderful fucking life time because I
have you guys supporting me thank you
eternally
whoa from the bottom of my Mario heart
you guys are breathtaking see you next
week with a new Friday night male family
fan Friday male it's me
I don't know area
