hey guys Tara Babcock here and welcome
to this week's episode of sex ed with
Tara I am so excited for this episode
today that I can hardly contain myself
no literally my tits are about to pop
out at any minute I've been wanting to
record this episode for so long I've had
these products from admony for a while
but I had other sponsored videos I had
to get through other topics I wanted to
do first and finally the day has come my
holy grail of sex toys from my favorite
sex company sponsored by my favorite sex
company adamandeve.com
and we have giveaways stay tuned for
later in the video when I divulge how
you can get these four products I'm only
showing two because I only have two
hands and what you need to do to enter
the giveaway and yes we have products
that are relevant for women and men this
time
alright so without further ado let's
start unboxing my favorite box of sex
toys that I've ever gotten it's been
really hard to not just open this stuff
up and like ravage through it but I had
to keep my calm and composure for the
right time when this video was to be
recorded and go live the first thing I'm
going to be showing off today is what I
am wearing this is the Carmina chamise
and it is am I saying that right it's
been a long time since I've said that
word anyway and I'm just gonna show you
the box that came in because I decided
to wear it throughout the video it's
from a company called Avenue a' which is
kind of like leg avenue it's got like
pictures of legs i feel like they're
just trying to copy leg avenue open it
up and it says quite cringe lee i might
add let's seduce your space self well at
least it looks good on me
i'm currently wearing the small/medium
there's also a size larger in regular
sizes and then as with most lingerie
products from adam and eve you can get
them at up to like 4x accommodates
everyone i should probably be wearing
the larger size for my boobs but I don't
like how baggy it gets on the rest of me
it still fits and covering up my boobs
more when that just defeat the purpose
anyway I'm trying to arouse people when
I'm wearing lingerie before I go any
further into this box of fucking goodies
I want to let you guys know that you can
get 50% off any one item and free
shipping in the US using the code terra
at adamandeve.com
this includes anything i show you here
in this box and like thousands of other
products this company has been so fuckin
good to me amazing customer service i've
been a buyer from their store since
before I ever was contacted by them then
when I was contacted by them it was like
a dream come fucking true and every time
I do one of these videos not only do
they send me the free products they give
me the best coupon
I've ever fucking heard of I mean 50%
off what the hell they also sponsor the
video which means helping to continue
the sex ed series by funding it but the
best parts they send me edible
arrangements afterwards chocolate
strawberries for the win
alright let's show you some stuff I'm
gonna save the best for last the first
thing we've got here is the silicone 2g
gasm rabbit this is an Adam and Eve
product all Adam new products have a
money-back guarantee a really really
good one to that do not hold you
accountable for any kind of problems
that you might have with the product we
are going to be unboxing the ones that
I'm not giving away so let's go ahead
and read the back real quick tickle your
fancy with to pleasure points buzzing
with simultaneous stimulation dual
motors in this 8-inch vibes angle g-spot
tip and the flexing clitoral ticular
particular tickler treat your hotspots
to seven speeds and functions of
supercharged vibration it's also
completely submersible for bath and
shower play that is a number one
deal-breaker for me if something is not
waterproof because I like to wash them
thoroughly and I also like to take them
in the shower and I like to at least be
able to drench them in bodily fluids if
you know what I mean anyway I love the
ones that have the curve to it because
that means that you're going to get the
extra sensation on the g-spot I also
really love the rabbit vibe because that
means you're gonna be stimulating your
clit and I've talked about this so many
times but clitoral stimulation with
vaginal penetration it is the trifecta
and where is the third one in that hmm
it's pink pink clitoral stimulation
vaginal stimulation that's the trifecta
opening it up you see it is wrapped in
this plastic over wrap and it's looking
like it's gonna be that really really
soft silicone that I loved so much wow
this is like way more bendable than I
thought it would be which is great
because it will conform to your body
shape your natural biology and it takes
two double-a batteries not bad at all
some of them take up to four or they
take triple A's which are like fucking
what the fuck is that shit you know I
feel like this is gonna be one of my new
favorites this nut looks like it's gonna
over sensitize me there's the on button
and there's the button to change the
vibes oh I really love how like squishy
is it's awesome
oh yeah so the next thing we've got now
this is the actual trifecta and we're
not talking about color this time even
though it is pink we're talking about
the addition of anal stimulation this is
an Adam and Eve product as well so it
comes with a three year warranty on the
back it says have a three point orgasm
target all your erogenous zones at once
with this curvy triple stimulator while
the tutorial teasers bulb but buzzes
your clit the g-spot shaft and massages
your deepest pleasure points and a
naughty anal tickler knocks at your
backdoor I actually like this better
than the other one that I have that
actually has like little ribbed
anal beads attached because honestly I
never actually end up using the anal
beads I just kind of let it rest next to
my anus and like stimulate the outer
region or all like put it in like half
an inch just to tease a little bit so I
feel like this product is gonna be
better for me and honestly just fits my
preferences more if you like the one
that goes deep there were plenty of
those on adamandeve.com oh yeah and this
one has a top here that protects it as
well when you take it out you can see
that it has the USB charging so it's not
double-a or triple-a batteries and this
one is equally as movable and it even
comes with an initial charge that is
some fucking heavy duty vibe right there
and if you can see right here there's an
LED light up so you can see exactly
where the buttons are even if you're
playing with it in the dark you've got a
bunch of different vibe functions and
you can hold it like this and penetrate
your partner so it's great for play with
your special friend as well so far my
favorite it's pretty much just like a
step up from the other one oh my god the
silicone is so smooth if you guys could
just feel this - it's like what the fuck
and you have this little note out of the
way this is DC and plug it in right
there mmmmmm click anus vagina moving on
I don't want to spend too much time on
my favorite ones so this next item we
have here a funny story attaches to it I
had a friend who was seemingly a very
very very good girl right and she told
me about a time where she got an
inflatable butt plug with remote control
access gave the remote to her
significant other and went to a bar to
chat with other guys while he controlled
how big small and vibrating her butt
plug was so I wanted something similar
for myself because she is a fucking
freak this is the vibrating inflatable
anal plug it is colored black because
it's fucking biggest shits take your
anal play to the next level with this
inflatable toy that eases and gently
with a tapered tip and then pumps up for
mind-blowing stim
Relation the suction cup allows you to
enjoy hands-free pleasure and you'll
never worry with the quick release valve
that deflates your toy on demand which
is really cool just in case you're
feeling a little bit too much of the
pressure you can just like burp back to
normal cycle through seven unique
pulsation patterns and let your backdoor
fantasies come true this is gonna be fun
I am so excited and this is obviously
unisex because everyone has an anus
hopefully let's see what it looks like
oh my god take the overwrap off and pull
this out holy shit dude oh my God look
at this look at this oh you could just
inflate it inside of your anus this is
so hilarious where's the quick release
valve there we go
it's quickly releasing it's not as quick
of a release as I thought it would be
pretty quick nonetheless and as always
this is an Adam Eve product
so you're backed by your money back
guarantee and your warranty oh my god
this is so hilarious hmm
this is actually a really fun idea and
now I want to try it more than I thought
I would want to try it I thought it
would just be fun to tell you that story
and maybe give it a try once or twice I
didn't think this would be one of my
favorite products that I chose but the
fact that anal to me only hurts and is
unpleasant like right at the beginning
and then you ease up and you want like
more and more makes this a great product
because you can get this in and then you
can do exactly that you can add more and
more pressure I definitely recommend
that men keep an open mind too and try
this product because as I always fucking
say who cares what other people think or
what you do with your sexuality you guys
have a fucking g-spot in your rectum
don't be afraid to take advantage of
that or let me do it for you the next
thing we have is Baikal exotics this is
the embrace foreplay it has seven
functions of intense vibration pulsation
and escalation oh my god luxurious
body-safe silicone and you hold for
three seconds to turn off its USB
rechargeable and waterproof oh yeah it's
got a hundred minutes of initial charge
time which is awesome and it runs for an
hour and a half on high slip that out
I've got a pretty little box there that
says embrace by California exotic
novelties take the top off and it's
right inside there pretty in pink
here's the USB charge record and here is
the product seven different functions
and you actually like run this along
your clit or your nipples or anywhere
you want vibration as it says on the box
absolutely great for foreplay and you
might not be able to see it but the
on/off button lights up so you know
where to press hold for three seconds
and it's off very fucking cool products
this is one that I chose and I thought
it would be fun for when I'm on my
period all right the next item we have
is hilarious and it's for the guys this
is pussy power my personal pussy busty
Britney you guys have to get one of
these it's so cool oh my god it's like a
little handheld chick with big tits
right on the back you can see she has
two entry points and you can see that
the anus is ribbed and the vagina is
like buttoned
it's got like nubs in there too hungry
holes feel so real super stretchy
clenched knees for a tighter pussy oh my
god we have to see this thing I'm so
excited I don't know she's actually
really adorable except for her feet are
kind of creepy like what's going on
she's got those like ballerina feet from
being a ballerina too much like little
bit big real feel
tits and body - the skeleton and this is
just fucking hilarious
it's handheld and it's somewhat
realistic for a male masturbator of this
size
thank-you for existing busty Brittany
I'm gonna have J try this out alright
the next thing I got was an extra I just
always wanted to try a pinwheel you guys
know I love pain and sex and I think
this could be fun so this is the prick
tenro spiked pinwheel organ ama cosine
and very durable run this spike tuile
across the skin in other highly
treasured areas for a devious prick of
pleasure this spike sensation wheel is
designed with ten rows of evenly spaced
sharp pins that turn smoothly as it
rolls across the flesh the prick is
ideally designed for anyone newly
venturing into sensation play and in
search of exquisite pleasure and
calculated teasing we've gotta try it so
it's definitely pokey but it's
definitely tolerable imagine how it
would be on any of my sensitive
erogenous zones like this is gonna be so
much fun to play with how cool is that
you like that busty Brittany next we've
got a lover's cage I've never tried one
of these I've tried like cock rings to
go around the base of the shaft or go
around the balls and the shaft but I've
never tried an actual cock cage this
seems pretty cool so let's get the vibe
here to stimulate her clit it's got the
tight part here to keep the shaft hard
and the part that goes around the
scrotum so that it teases your balls
guys you might think that you might not
like something constricting your balls
until you try it it's fucking cool not
that I have balls but I've heard
sensuously designed super stretchy
enhancer with removable micro stimulator
soft clitoral ticklers stretchy cock
cage comfortable scrotum cage and the
vibe is waterproof slip on the lovers
cage and experience its enhancing powers
turn on the vibrations to exhilarate you
and your partner let's see it comes with
those tiny batteries usually they don't
give you the option to even change out
the batteries so this is pretty cool
here's the cock cage here's the scrotum
cage and here is the little heart-shaped
clit tickler and you can put the vibe
inside of here and it will stay pretty
sturdily
like a fucking Chinese finger trap in
there this stuff is super stretchy like
I could fit my arm in here for sure this
actually looks kind of grotesque not
gonna lie but it fits definitely a neat
little add-on to try
we've only got two things left and I'm
saving the best for last as I said
before the next thing we have is
full ass fucking bottle of Lube I told
my contacted Adam neva I said I am at a
Lube I need a lot of Lube masturbator
lube by Adam and Eve add superior
slickness to male sex toys and strokers
and you can use it as a personal
lubricant as well this is also water
based so it's not going to fuck up your
toys gives male sex to his exceptional
slickness for maximum pleasure great for
solo or partner play lasts longer with
fewer applications silky smooth feel
never sticky and tacky that's something
I really hate about silicone based lubes
or anything that's not water-based is
that like it's so sticky and never comes
off but this is easy to clean up just a
little spritz onto my hand yeah it
definitely leaves you feeling slick
without feeling sticky like it's not
sticky at all but unfortunately it is
gonna be long-lasting so my hands are
gonna be a little slick for a while
highly recommend this product I'm going
to be using it until it's completely
empty for toys and for everything else
okay so the last thing I have it's not
part of the giveaway is clutter Willy I
wanted one of these for so fucking long
you guys oh my god this is the in-home
penis molding kit in neon purple so
basically you make a mold out of your
caulk then you pour in the filler and
you make a dildo out of your own cock
that lasts forever that I can use at any
time I honestly wish I had a case of
these so I could send them out to
everyone and be like hey guys mold me
your cock it would be so cool to have a
mold of every guy's cock I've ever slept
with ten little mold sitting next to
each other and then Jays big gigantic
mold J fuckin rolls his eyes every time
I talk about this and he is so annoyed
that I actually finally got one but I
have wanted a clone of his penis for
like so long he's probably going to
become obsolete after that because this
one's gonna have a vibe in it you mix
the body-safe molding powder with water
step 1 step 2 pour mixture into tube and
insert erect penis step 3 pull away mold
and fill with body-safe silicone slide
out an exact copy of your own penis now
the only thing I'm sad about is this
version doesn't come with a mold for the
balls cuz I want the balls as well you
guys know that I love realistic dildos
that also have balls
oh god I'm just so excited you guys
don't even know but this is so cool porn
star should actually take submissions
from guys use it and then give reviews
of the guy's pee
it's like how much money would that make
all right guys the giveaway let's talk
about the giveaway but first remember
Adam and Eve comm promo code ta ra or my
name Tara obviously for 50% off almost
any one item especially anything you see
here and free shipping within the US
guys have used this code not only do
help yourselves orgasm you help support
sex ed with Tara which I know you guys
want to do because I'm the sex doctor
here all right let me show you what
we're giving away all right the first
item we have is the Adam and Eve brand
magic massager deluxe this is a gigantic
massager and yes it was initially
created by another company as a back
massager while Adam and Eve perfected
the sex toy Edition and yes I have one
of these of my own and you can still use
it as a regular back massager I used it
on J often on his back not like anything
kinky so the way you're gonna be signing
up to win these products is I'm gonna
have four individual contest links down
in the description and the way you can
sign up is by following the link and
completing a few of the little entries
things like checking out both of my
youtube channels my Instagram my Twitter
and all the social medias each thing
that you do gets you an entry even
though this one can be useful for either
gender this one just might not be for
you and you can sign up for the other
ones hope that makes sense links will be
in the description again this is Adam
and Eve's magic massager deluxe if you
want to win this one that's the link you
click in the description use it on
yourself or give it to your girlfriend
or your mom as a back massager don't
cringe next item I'm giving away is the
beginner bondage set also by Adam and
Eve this item has a tickler it has some
wrists and leg straps a blindfold and
two candles is basically just great for
someone who wants to intro into bondage
if you want this one click the link for
the beginner bondage set in the
description it's never too late to
experiment the next item we have is rose
petal seductions 24 ways to seduce your
lover with a trail of rose petals so the
set includes 100 rose petals 24
seduction cards and our gonza bag to
store the kit two candles a blindfold
and one white leaded pencil and simple
instructions so for those of you who are
into romance at all this one is great or
you can get it as a gift if you want to
win this one rose petal seductions link
in the description and last but not
least we got the Joe all-in-one massage
kids so this is a sensual massage glide
with accessories as you can see on the
back it come
with a candle instructions the massage
oil and one of those little things that
you grab in the middle and you use to
massage people's backs good for the
romantic partners or as a gift want it
all a more massage kit in the
description all right guys I hope you
enjoyed this episode of sex ed with Tara
oh I'm so excited to use this you guys
don't even know I want to post like
Instagram pictures or something that
we're gonna get taken down but I want to
do it anyway because oh my god
Oh Khloe Willie I wanted this since I
was like 17 years old and since I met
Jay and found the penis that I want to
have for the rest of my life like God
forbid he dies before I make him use
this kit but it's just so amazing I'm so
excited about it if you guys want any of
these products and more hundreds and
hundreds more all the links will be in
the description also you can go to
adamandeve.com at any time and use the
promo code tariff for 50% off any one
item almost and free shipping anywhere
in the u.s. if you're not in the US you
can still get the 50% off you just don't
get the free shipping I love you guys so
much I really hope I can make you guys
come more viciously and I also really
love Adam and Eve thank you guys so much
for sponsoring this video
for sending me my choice of amazing
products and making me look hot today
like the video and subscribe to the
channel if you enjoyed and don't forget
to check out the giveaways in the
description post a comment let me know
what you think see you guys in two weeks
with a new sex ed with Tara and remember
keep fucking oh my god I just thought of
a great way to use this you get one you
clone your willy give it to your
girlfriend and then double penetration
your fucking girlfriend with your own
penis I'm fucking done so good I never
thought I could get gout over a sex or
this much thank you Adam and Eve again
good shit
