hey guys and welcome to my would you
rather video a little disclaimer before
we start and I wanted to introduce you
guys to my new camera named Vlad he is a
canon g7x and he is gonna be my vlogging
camera from now on I'm gonna be taking
him to events and I'm also gonna be
doing more Flor vlogs like you guys like
I'm really excited to debut him but I'm
sad that I have to do it in this manner
because I have to let you guys know that
the sound is a little bit fucked up I
tried to cover it up with some good
music like I put some metal music over
the top of it but at the same time it's
still pretty apparent I recorded 40
minutes of this would you rather stuff
that I got from the comments section on
the Instagram photo that I posted for
the monthly Instagram Q&A video
unfortunately without my knowing the
audio somehow fucked up and like 20
minutes of the 40 minute footage is just
unwatchable so for the 20 minutes of
footage 10 minutes cut up that I was
able to record and give to you guys I'm
sorry if you hear a little bit of static
in the background I tried to cover it up
with some music but it's still kind of
apparent that it's there and that's why
the audio is fucked up I hope you guys
can still enjoy the video roll it hey
guys welcome to my September episode of
my Instagram Q&A today we have with us
Yoshi who's gonna be sitting in my lap
because usually he's like just over
lapping the subscribe button pillow and
I like that to be seen so he's gonna be
a good boy and sit in my lap almost off
of the camera all right so I've decided
that every month I'm gonna have these
have a theme last month we did the fuck
marry kill which was a ton of fun so
that's why I'm keeping up a theme
because it's just way more interesting
this month I asked for would you rather
questions now you guys know if you've
been watching for a long time that I
fucking hate would you rather questions
and that's because they lack nuance and
I have to have the nuance there's more
that goes into every decision than just
hearing a few words and while a lot of
people enjoy stuff like that I am just
too analytical for my nature but you
guys have been wanting me to do this for
so long I've decided to do it but we
aren't gonna leave out that nuance we're
gonna be talking about each of these
questions in depth let's do it I'm
excited gangbang 81 says would you
rather have a sex tape leaked it gained
5,000 times your current fame or make a
porno and get paid five hundred thousand
dollars winky face heart heart hearts
hey Kang bang I enjoy your DMS on
Twitter here is my thought process on
this I like the high production quality
of a porno but if I was gonna make a sex
tape it we definitely have high
production quality as well like I would
set up these lights where we're gonna
have
sex and I would use like my professional
camera that I'm using here as youtuber I
have this equipment so my sex tape would
be pretty hot too and it would be
actually 100% authentic I would be
having sex with J or someone I actually
choose have sex with also my value to
subscribers and growing my fanbase far
far more than I value money so we're
gonna go with the 5000 times your
current fame and have a sex tape leaked
it just seems overall better you guys
actually get to see me in action without
faking it or having to act for a camera
with someone I actually enjoy and my
fanbase grows and I get more people to
watch my videos and with that I also get
a little bit more money so it's just a
strictly better choice
Tahlia december asks hey baby she didn't
ask that I'm saying that to her in a
zombie apocalypse would you rather have
an asparagus as your weapon or a banana
so just one asparagus not like a whole
stalk of asparagus definitely a banana
bananas harder it's gonna last longer
it's basically like an asparagus with
armor wrapped around it I feel like I'm
gonna die eventually either way but with
the banana I'll probably kill at least
one or two more zombies or 1 or 2% more
zombies which might be like point zero
zero one zombie because neither of those
are good weapons would you rather vote
for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton if
you had to says I am underscore 805 so
as you guys know I don't vote but if I
had to oh my god it would be such a hard
decision I think I read somewhere that
Donald Trump is pretty chill with things
like abortion and that's really the only
change that he can make that actually
affects me like healthcare type stuff
for women but I honestly feel like I can
adapt to any change and if I can't adapt
to any change I can just like move out
of the country or something and because
we've seen Hillary Clinton lie so many
times like I've watched those
compilation videos where you can just
show that she's publicly talked about
something and it completely goes on the
other end offensive and since Hillary
Clinton lies so much which I don't
really have a problem with I feel like
every time she's lied she's just out for
her own well-being you know like most
people are most politicians especially
but I have to respect Donald Trump's
candor in the fact that he just says
whatever the fuck he wants if he's
offended or gets mad he just shows it
without any thought of professionalism
it's quite hilarious so even though if I
did vote I would probably vote Democrat
usually I feel like I would probably
vote Trump they're both awful choices
and you would have to literally like
force me like with a gun to my head to
vote normally I just don't want to vote
but right here I feel like there's no
good choice can we add Bernie Sanders in
there so I can vote for him people are
gonna hate me so much because there's a
trump oh my god another good question
from I am underscore
you know five he says would you rather
have the ability to fly or read minds
I've always been of the opinion that
reading minds would be the best I feel
like people should be more open and
honest with their feelings and this way
I would be able to know what those
feelings are to see how genuine the
person actually is and I can also use it
to my advantage to get laid I just see
no reason to fly I mean if I'm a flying
human being the government is probably
gonna find out really fast and then I
would be detained and studied and it
would just be awful I could never
actually use it and I don't like to go
anywhere anyway like my favorite
destination for relaxation when I have
time off would be my couch so I don't
really see a reason to fly anywhere and
then he also says would you rather have
Obama in for four more years or Trump
for a full eight years Obama I guess
just going with the devil you know I
don't really love Obama but then again I
don't have enough data to say whether or
not I love Obama
I just know that during Obama's term
nothing changed for me nothing got worse
that I know of
so let's just go for more of that more
of the same this would not be a real
would you rather video without the
question would you rather be forced to
watch your parents have sex every night
for the rest of your life or join in one
time to stop it and this question was
asked by the terrible one more correctly
it was asked the first time by the
terrible one the I in terrible is the
one which is cute uh I would be forced
to watch them have sex every night for
the rest of my life cuz I could probably
just like close my eyes and look away or
something if I can't do that what
qualifies actually joining in cuz I
could just like stand there naked and
like close my eyes and not ever have
anyone touch me maybe like they can each
touch me on the knee or something and
then I could just completely get rid of
that altogether and it would be like
awesome or maybe I could like add in
another option to murder them instead I
don't know that one's really hard and I
would actually like to watch some more
videos and would you rather to see what
other people say about that because los
ally tracy underscore XO says would you
rather be with a guy that's a dick but
hot or a guy that's sweet but fugly I
don't understand why I would be with
either of these guys but let's say this
question is about a monogamous normal
relationship for the sake of the nuance
I would be with a guy who's hot and a
dick because I want to get the sex the
one person I'm having sex with from a
hot person and then I would just have a
bunch of other guy friends that are way
better than him that I would spend more
of my personal time with so hidden for
the sex that's my boyfriend the only
person I can have sex with the hot
asshole and then I would just have a
bunch of really cool
guy friends and I think that's how the
world should work like you should only
have sex with people who you find
attractive and you should be friends
with people who make you laugh make you
happy and are intellectually stimulating
and then if you can find someone that
does both of those things for you
that's the person you actually get
exclusive with if you want to get
exclusive ever I don't know why people
settle down with people who are ugly but
nice or the other way around who are
assholes but hots but then again I
understand even less why people get
together with people who are ugly on the
inside and outside and that happens a
lot seems like people just get in a rut
because they don't want to be alone
prismo asks would you rather quit
YouTube or quit streaming now like two
weeks ago when I was taking a break from
streaming because it was way too hot in
my apartment and I don't have
air-conditioning I would have said quit
streaming because I often get really
sick of streaming but that was back when
I was trying to play League
competitively and actually rank up now
that I'm playing a lot more viewer games
and playing single-player games with a
lot of story and adventures and just
shit I want to actually play I feel like
streaming has been absolutely bliss for
me now that it's been one or two weeks
back streaming regularly i just love it
i mean when youtube is stressful and i
have to do a lot of editing and things
that i don't like to do i can just get
on stream play for a few hours have fun
with my viewers and then get off and
like feel better you know so i would
really hate to do one or the other but
still youtube is where my passion lies
and even though there's like an aspect
of it that's not on camera that's really
annoying the editing and stuff like that
I just love the finished product so much
more so I would quit streaming but I
would be very very sad about it I love
them both
I am underscore 805 is back with would
you rather be roasted every day for the
rest of your life within a small group
of people or be roasted once in front of
the whole world this is funny because I
don't care about either of these you
take your pick I mean I'm roasted every
day in front of the whole world so I
kind of have the worst of both worlds in
real life and none of it bothers me at
all I just don't care
although 831 says would you rather take
a dick super deep in your nose or ear um
both would kill me right I guess my ear
because I don't want to fuck up my nose
for the funeral not that I would do open
casket or anything just that's the tiny
little difference that it would make
since I'm dying either way it doesn't
really matter
Dylan Stamper says would you rather give
up YouTube / streaming or kill six no
seven puppies with your bare hands I
would quit youtubing and streaming I
can't do that no I value the lives of
animals so much if I wouldn't be in my
power change that to humans and kill
humans easy blood guitar AKA nate asks
would you rather fuck an ugly woman but
it would be the best sex of your life or
the hottest man with the best dick but
he would give you the worst herpes ever
all herpes are the worst herpes ever
it's incurable so definitely the first
choice an ugly woman with the best sex
of my life I mean I would just have the
best sex of my life and then you know
not have to look at her anymore after it
would just be a win-win because I'm not
getting herpes and then there's retarded
questions like this corner Poulos asks
would you rather only have oral sex or
have sex actually now that I'm thinking
about it that's really hard no pun
intended because I love love getting
oral sex so if you're asking me getting
oral sex I would definitely never get
oral sex again I don't even care for
oral sex on my end but giving oral sex
it's really hard cuz it's my favorite
thing to do in sex but it also doesn't
make me cum so what I would have to like
masturbate and then oral sex or only
have sex and then never have oral sex
but I'm I'm not having to masturbate to
come oh I would probably choose only
oral sex because I can still come other
ways or I could do like some mutual
masturbation or something with the guys
that I'm having sex with but I would
still get to suck that dick so I thought
this is like a lot harder than I thought
it would be and I'm surprised thank you
for the question Kevin Jacob Anderson
asks would you rather date Ironman or
play a video game with Bowser the Koopa
King why would I not play a videogame
with Bowser I'm not attracted at all to
Ironman so I don't want to date Ironman
and it would be really awesome to play a
game with Bowser like that's just the
easiest question in the world mr. savage
underscore Obama says would you rather
punish rubber tongue in real life or
fuck Chris Evans oh it depends on what
Chris Evans is look is at the moments
because when he does not like I have
facial hair and really really short head
hair thing that makes him look kind of
like a wankster I would definitely go
with punishing rubber tongue in real
life because that sounds like a lot of
fun but if he's like Captain America
like buff clean shaven Chris Evans then
in an instant Chris Evans and I'll just
continue punishing Rover tongue over the
Internet why not scoop underscore
Jessica says better TJ hashtag DP this
is a drunken peasants question if you
don't know who they are you should check
them out TJ is the amazing atheist and
Ben is the guy who wears a mask on DP I
would choose Ben because Ben is actually
a friend of mine actually talked to him
on a not semi regular basis because I
don't ever reply to anyone's texts but
also I know that TJ has a micropenis
and I don't know Ben's penis but I'm
assuming it's not a micro penis so very
easy to choose been in that situation
all right last one from I am underscore
805 would you rather be hated for
something you are or loved for something
you're not I think most people on
YouTube are loved for something they're
not and I happen to be hated for
something that I am and I fucking love
that so obviously hated for something
that I am I am fucking me
unapologetically and I don't give a fuck
what people think about it I don't know
how that answer to that question would
change if I was personally affected by
how much people hate me but that just
seems like the best mantra for life who
gives a fuck what people think as long
as you are happy with you 5-year plan
asks would you rather be a planeswalker
or be a super sand okay so being a
planeswalker would be really cool and I
definitely like Magic the Gathering a
lot and if I was a planeswalker I could
probably planes walk over to Garrick and
like sit on his dick and also like all
the other really hot guys in magic but
being a Super Saiyan is just so much
fucking better like when you ignite your
planeswalker spark you get teleported to
like some random place because I don't
even know the lore that well but like it
doesn't seem like something you can
control well and it seems like just a
light stress and even though being a
Super Saiyan is a life of like 20
episodes before you actually resolve a
conflict you still get to like damage
yourself to the point of near death and
then just become even stronger from that
and that's just like way better also I
would have the blonde hair often it
would just be the best I could have sex
with like Vegeta and stuff it would be
awesome and you know maybe piccolo could
wear a strap-on for me and it would be
cool alright guys that was all would you
rather content that I could actually use
because I just I hate it so much when
the quality is bad like there's nothing
more important to me than having like
high quality content and stuff and like
this alone is like bad enough for me to
like cringe and be like why why why is
the production quality such shit but
like really I hate it that my audio
always craps out every time I'm doing
something that can't be redone you know
because it has some kind of like first
reaction quality to it you know like
unboxing some of your stuff I'm not
gonna put it back in the box and then
Ram box that are like giving my
reactions my honest visceral reactions
to things I don't want to read you that
content but here I'll let you hear some
of the stuff that I had to cut out
because it was so bad
I get paid to be myself
yeah like the static is literally louder
than me and this is the mic that I'm
using right now it's actually like a
really expensive mic that someone bought
me who is a musician and every time I
replace this cord it gets better for a
little bit and then gets like worse
again really quickly and it's very
annoying to me that I have to keep
checking the levels on my laptop to see
whether or not that's actually happening
at the moment and it's just the fucking
worst thing in the world so I really
apologize and I hate it when I produce
this low-quality content that has like
something wrong with it but I hope you
can still enjoy it and I promise next
weekend's extra content is gonna be
amazing
like the video for Vlad and the new
floor vlogs that are gonna be coming
soon I know you guys wanted them to come
back and now they are coming back
because I don't have to deal with using
a phone converting all my files etc etc
and if you want to see the unboxing of
this camera it should be up next weekend
on the gaming channel youtube.com slash
Tara Babcock games anyway I hope you
liked the video despite all the
technical difficulties and have a
wonderful fucking day bye guys
