hey guys it's Friday and that means it
is fan Friday or viewer Friday or
whatever you want to call it I just like
the alliteration of fan Friday not to
belittle you guys would say that we're
in a different social class obviously
you guys are like my fucking family we
can call it family Friday anyway we're
gonna be doing the usual Friday night
mail I'm also gonna be doing the
giveaway shouting out the winner of last
week's giveaway and letting you guys
know how you can sign up for this week's
and entering one question from the
comments section of last week's video
because I'm now incorporating that as an
actual segment so in the comments
section of this video please leave your
questions make them a burning question
burning like chlamydia we have about
four packages today which will leave me
ample time to answer questions and talk
about why the fuck does everyone always
choose a steam game as the giveaway item
I feel pretty ambivalent about this
because on one hand that means most of
you guys are gamers and that's fucking
awesome also I saved quite a bit of
money on shipping and it's just easier
and more convenience on the other hand
does nobody want my merch so sad
anyway this week's question is by Luca
the ginge and he says what is your
opinion on ginger guy and girls
so like one ginger guy him and ginger
girls I think they can be extremely
attractive and extremely ugly I feel
like as with every race gender creed and
look there are ones I find attractive
and ones I do not but I do feel like for
some reason gingers are hotter when
they're hot and uglier when they're ugly
has anyone else experienced this
phenomenon anyway that's the question
for the week I know it kind of sucks but
there weren't that many questions in the
comments because I guess I didn't make
it clear that I wanted to start this
series I guess I kind of just asked you
guys should I start this series so that
makes sense this week I expect a lot
more questions though so get on it this
week's giveaway winner was Jack M
congratulations jack and you sexy saying
you and he asked for the steam game keep
talking and no one explodes and I
immediately just sent it over like the
gentle woman that I am and I hope you
enjoy your game Jack I've never heard of
that game but it sounds amazing post in
the comments if you've ever played it I
might pick up a copy for myself anyway
if you want to join in this week's
giveaway there will be a link in the
description all you have to do is click
it and follow a bunch of things to my
different social network profiles my
youtubes you get extra entries for every
action with more entries for certain
actions like being a patron twitch
subscriber stuff like that
and there's also gonna be a straw poll
in the description that helps me decide
whether or not I should give away an
autographed eight-by-ten some
autographed merch of your choice or a
steam game of your choice
happy voting and good luck in the
giveaway I've loved this series so much
since it started doing the giveaway
stuff and I am expecting to love it even
more now that I'm answering a few
questions as well anyway let's open some
packages this is the first one we've got
I have my all of the packages on my my
hips my hips tone ah and I couldn't find
my box cutter which is now a little bit
sweaty not gonna lie what is this yeah
so stretchy I love it oh my god I put it
on right now but wait there's nothing
else in here nevermind this gift is from
my baby boy picker
thank you pack a baby let's put this on
just for you mmm-hmm and I just put on a
fucking cool shirt is this a good look
for me this like hair across my face
look I like it oh my god this shirt fits
so well thank you pack up it's perfect
let me show you a little more
team valor baby I don't know sure I'm
team valor and a lot of people I know
just happened to be team valor as well
so I'm not saying we're better
especially because I feel like people
who really care about their teams are
kind of silly but there's a lot of
evidence that we're just better you know
what I'm saying post in the comments if
you're also on Team valor and part of my
extended Pokemon go family all right now
we have this which is probably a book
what the fuck I just like ruined
everything what is this hiya Terra
I saw this on your wish list and it's
one of my favorite animes so I thought
I'd send you a couple others you might
enjoy love you lots
your favorite English gentleman you
can't self proclaim that you're my
favorite even though Adam you are but
I'm not gonna lie I do love like most
English gentlemen because they have that
English accent and that's just Oh take
my titties into your mouth and suck them
that's how I feel
anyway there's also another gift message
this is hi Terra enjoy your gift from
Adam see so thank you Adam I love you
we've got no game no life number one
I've never read this manga before so I
am excited to check it out it looks like
it's not a regular manga it's actually
like a book with like very few pictures
like this is one of the only pictures
I'm actually seeing which is fine you
know I have a few of these that are like
this I've never watched this anime I
just thought that this would be pretty
interesting especially when it used to
collect manga because I had a lot of
time in between rounds of magic and now
that I'm getting back into magic this is
extremely perfect timing and then we've
also got and then we've also got
overlord number one the undead king I've
never heard of this before but it looks
fucking sick the world is all yours I
wish things would change and quick this
is like a legitimate book and there's
like a fold-out poster like whoa this is
super high quality it smells like new
book I don't know if you guys are like
me but when I get a new CD or a new book
or a new game I always open the booklet
like the gaming booklet or whatever that
comes with it and I'm really sad that
they don't come with booklets anymore
really
that was the nail on the head where I'm
like fine I'll start doing digital
downloads but having those books and
just opening them and smelling the new
pages off so good it's like a fucking
aphrodisiac to me I swear this actually
looks really interesting thank you so
much I seriously appreciate this Adam
I'm your fucking awesome boy ass putty
encompass with me then mate that's how
you sound but way better next we've got
this right stuff with one F I don't know
what this is girl but I'm opening we've
got more mangas is also from Adam no
this is from Joshua G Joshua G sent me
Cantara Mira won also let me open it
there we go it's dangerous to do this
alone with a box cutter
here take this manga opener it would be
funny if someone manufactured a manga
opener like you can't open regular books
you have to open manga was it oh yeah
from the look of this I was actually
worried it wasn't gonna be in English
but it totally is and I'm super happy
about it thank you so much explicit
contents parental advisory that makes me
like it all the more without even
knowing what it's about and then there's
like an advertisement for bodacious
space pirates abyss of hyperspace I
don't know what this is but it looks
hilarious it looks really really good in
like a really cringey way any experience
with this you guys thank you so much
Joshua G I really appreciate it it's
like you guys heard that I'm starting
back up with magic and you're like she
needs shit to read which is not true
because I have like so many fucking
volumes of manga right now
you need to catch up on I'm only like
one-and-a-half volumes into food wars I
have more Tokyo ghoul so much shit right
now
alright last package of the week is big
as fuck just like yo dick girl mm-hmm
feel better about yourself this big it
really is and yeah my scale
oh let's take it out hey sexy lady
here's your monthly gift don't train too
much real men prefer women with curves I
love them and yours again keep up the
great work
xoxo Jurgen newly again handsome gym
addict sex lover and proud nerd since
years smiley face Thank You Jurgen you
are fucking wonderful you didn't have to
do this he keeps asking me like what do
you want this month and I'm like you
don't have to give me anything but I
guess this thing and what I've been
wanting for a while now is this really
cool scale because the scale that we
have like uncalibrated itself and now
it's saying that like everyone is 15 to
20 pounds lighter than they actually are
this one is really cool I don't know how
I'm gonna set it up and I'm not gonna
waste time doing that in this video this
actually just digitally measures how
much of you is body fat and how much of
you is bone density it's really
interesting it has automatic step on
technology like every scale ever in the
world body fat water muscle and bone
touch switch large LCD display and slim
design it's only 0.7 inches so slim so
I'm excited to bust this bad boy out and
use it it'd also be really good for Jay
to who also cares about in his body fat
percentage and with this I'll be able to
more accurately calculate how much I'm
improving which is great for me because
I love actually seeing results Thank You
uragan you really don't have to as I say
every month in one way or another I do
not deserve you guys you are fucking
amazing and I really appreciate it don't
forget to leave a comment for me down
below that I will read out loud in next
week's video and please like the video
subscribe if you enjoy the content that
I create I hope you guys have a
wonderful fucking weekend you guys are
amazing good luck in the giveaway all
the info will be in the description and
do me a favor even if you're not feeling
great right now just smile just smile
and hold it just for a few seconds and
know that you are wonderful you right
there thanks for watching guys
valor titties
I feel happy you're already
