hey fart sniffers and welcome to a new
episode of Tara Reid's Cummins so I woke
up this morning thinking I could take on
the fucking world I could not wait to go
to the gym and right after I went to the
gym I got home and I was hit in the
fucking face by the lethargy train like
it was just like wool this fucking do
this and then I don't want to fucking do
shit so we're gonna try to get through
reading your comments without killing
myself today to the best of my ability
while I feel like I'm just I'm done
today let's go ahead and try to be funny
cuz you know usually I don't have to try
I'm so awesome mutilated foreskin of my
anus since I did this will you give me a
shout-out on insta at Phillip Zillah
neck please you are the coolest Pearson
ever keep doing your bids much love I
feel like this guy has earned his shout
out at Phillip Zelnick on Instagram do
with that what you will also I love the
way he spelled mutilated it was like
mutilate like you know Mutis and
Starcraft's like if they lay down or
like maybe a muta makes you lay down and
you can't get up again so you got
mutilate moving on I love that she has
the gumbo with one eyebrow still why
would I not I feel that goombahs pain I
may have never been one of those people
one of many people who can relate to the
fact they randomly decided to shave off
their eyebrows once but I can relate to
having eyebrows that even though they're
supposed to be sisters and not twins I
can't even get them to be like third
cousins so if I wasn't empathetic enough
to just keep that Goomba and love him
for the way he is despite only being a
monobrow well that would just be the
entire measure of me as a person you are
a whore and eating come as nasty why
would you ever do that and isn't it
stupid to solo it you went from
criticizing something that so many
people do to asking me to educate you
sexually well shit
let me try to answer your question to
the best of my ability first of all
stupid is kind of relative there's no
indicator on the intelligent quotient
test that says have you ever eaten come
before or like a diagram that shows come
being ejaculated out of a penis and that
it asks you a multiple-choice question
about what you're supposed to do with
that come and you drop like 30 points if
you choose to swallow it excuse me
stallo so if you
think it's stupid then it's stupid by
your perception and yeah if you feel
that way it would be stupid to swallow
it but no no health concerns in fact
it's good for your skin and has trace
amounts of protein and it's natural
which you haters seem to really love so
I would say Henry Vani if you haven't
enjoyed your tall glass of come today
you should do it
sponsored by Tara Babcock for come
drinking how much better of a
presidential candidate would I be than
the ones we have running right now so
much better post another video of you
doing the kilmury fuck challenge again
and do you have a dildo I feel like you
have to have watched zero of my videos
to not know whether or not I have a
dildo like even if you haven't seen one
of the videos where I'm unboxing
multiple dildos or heard me talk about
masturbating in some capacity you can
still infer based on my personality that
I'm probably gonna have a few sex toys
because I just enjoy sex so much how do
you go through life without trying one
sex toy once come on guys
also yeah the fuck Murray kill was
really fun I'm actually doing a would
you rather so if you guys want to play
with me in that link will be in the
description to that Instagram post where
you can post your would you rather I
think I'm gonna try to have fun themes
each month for my q and A's rather than
just do a bland QA maybe sometimes I
will but yeah I haven't yet recorded the
would you rather so feel free to
contribute make it good
it's amusing the number of guys on here
bashing Tara and calling her name is
because she's unattainable to them
Lowell you guys should read the fable
about sour grapes shaking my head we're
gonna read this fable sour grapes fable
the Fox and the grapes is when it's
actually called a fox one day spied a
beautiful bunch of ripe grapes hanging
from a vine trained along at the
branches of a tree the grapes seemed
ready to burst with juice and the fox's
mouth watered as he gazed lovingly at
them this is really pornographic like
right from the start the bunch hung from
a high branch and the Fox had to jump
for it the first time he jumped he
missed it by a long way so he walked off
a short distance and took a running leap
at it only to fall short once more again
and again he tried but in vain now he
sat down and looked at the grape and
discussed what a fool I am he said Here
I am wearing myself out to get a bunch
of sour grapes that are not worth gaping
for and off
walked very very scornfully exactly
right
speechless we'll try to come to your
videos this is a new game I'm starting
trying to get off from watching
beautiful women talk about sex like
yourself wink now I personally have
never masturbated to YouTube video I
think as that comes out of my mouth I'm
sitting here thinking did I maybe I have
it's not my normal porn let's just say
that but I don't really get why people
give a shit what other people get off to
like if you can get off to like this
finger just fucking do it just I'll
leave it here for a second just to see
if maybe you can come to it 3 2 1
also that sounds like a fun game more
people should just talk about with a
masturbate to and make a game of it
rather than going on people's comments
and hating on them far more productive
of a time-waster and much more positive
half the fucking video is just her
fucking what hum the cutscene and making
some ugly fucker fucking what hyung the
cutscene this is on my first Dark Souls
video my bitch was ugly but I was able
to easily change her appearance later in
the game all it cost was a pale tongue
ok so I had to post this because holy
shit ok Jay never pays attention to
anything that I do and he certainly
isn't out commenting on my YouTube
videos unless I actually bring it up and
then he's like outraged by something
stupid that someone said so he replies
but I saw this Jay taking some
initiative of his own accord to inform
someone of something he says to someone
saying I miss fanservice Friday still
exists but it's on her patreon now
YouTube always takes it down I feel a
swelling of pride no literally this is
like really out of character so I had to
post it and I make him watch these
videos - hi Jay
speaking of Jay okay Tara seriously
either practice before you record or
find yourself a different buddy nothing
personal but this guy sucks at this game
I enjoy your videos a great deal but
this series has been cringe inducing
especially as one who has conquered this
game multiple times and loves it very
much keep up the good work
then some guy actually replies just
because he gets fucked by her doesn't
mean he has to ruin her content - if you
find a cringe-worthy don't watch if you
can't enjoy someone failing in a game
because you're good at that game you're
a little Tullius for my taste and the
person that says that I shouldn't
incorporate people in my video that I
actually like aka people I would fuck or
be friends with this is how I feel about
you you can go ahead and create
fake-ass content where you hire someone
to be your friend and play games with
you just to make you look better I'm
gonna play with people I can actually
stand just like I would choose to watch
content by people I can actually stand I
don't find this constructive in watching
The Playlist
first one picked on Tara Babcock games
channel finally I found that moment I
gonna unicorn this shit and it gonna be
good fail fuck l'm out now you are a
gamer in my book Tara so have fun and
keep on gaming player gamer player I
don't know what the fuck he's talking
about I don't know why he copy/pasted my
channel name with the exclamation mark
at all
or when the fuck I talked about unicorn
shits but why do people have these weird
varying degrees of needing to quantify
something so qualitative like what a
gamer is honestly if you game you're a
gamer if someone were to ask me define
fake gamer or not real gamer I would say
someone who doesn't enjoy gaming and
sure that can be girls who pretend to
enjoy gaming but I'm clearly not one of
them imagine how unhappy my life would
be playing so many games all the time
and having all of these items that I
don't actually like and spending money
on them and getting that solely as a
gift instead of I don't know what you
think I actually like like purses or
whatever the fuck girls like like how
disappointed would I be if all of my
money and time was spent on something I
actually don't like oh my god that's
dedication to that lie bro boobs for
views saddest thing in the world
Sattar than starving kids in Africa
sadder than when your dog died and you
first realize the death is a thing
Satur than the end of life is strange
sadder than one Aristide in final
fantasy 7 yeah you're totally not a
troll hater also I still don't
understand what boobs for views is I
have boobs I guarantee you I didn't get
them four views who the fuck criticizes
tits like they're wonderful they milk
babies and make your penises stand on
end and pleasure you greatly they're
wonderful to look at and actually quite
functional mammaries leave boobs alone
your mom watches your videos
now that's cringes fuck is it really I
think it's pretty awesome what I
wouldn't find a cringy is if I was
posting these videos online publicly and
thought there's no possible way that my
parents might see them or know what I'm
doing with my life or to think that it
would be better if my parents didn't
port what I do for a living what's
actually cringes fuck your profile
picture seriously yeah you're old
cartridges Lowell if he only knew what
is the skepticism with me being a gamer
I just so happened to also care about
the way that I look it's not like every
person who likes the fake blonde look is
genetically predisposed to having like
hooves instead of hands so they can't
actually hold a controller I guarantee
you that all those cartridges are mine
in fact those aren't even all of them
you can't be a gamer and attractive that
would make me insecure about myself you
can't steal the one thing I have that
special about me also no one that has
options in life would ever choose to
game that's basically what you're saying
and I know I've said stuff like this
before but I need to keep reiterating it
because we're getting a lot of new
subscribers every month at least a lot
for me thank you guys see even when
something's negative I can turn it
positive mmm oh 44k subscribers 500
views nice job okay so my gaming channel
doesn't get a ton of views believe it or
not you hating on me for that is
actually just proving my point of how
much I love doing what I do cuz I could
totally just get away with doing just
the blog channel but I love the gaming
channel so much more anyway this was
actually posted within like two hours of
me uploading the video 500 views in the
first couple hours it's not that bad
so drowning banana I'm sorry that you
were so sad with your own life then you
had to sit here and try to put my
content success down when you know damn
well if you did the same thing I did you
wouldn't get any viewers and no that's
not because of my tits people that make
comments like this usually aren't smart
or entertaining this bitch is the proof
that yeah she can have a good body but
zero mind that's no one follow you
you're so fucking materialist you don't
even know what nature means not to make
natural what's that it was only the
green shit outside
gross foliage around that's our little
bit of irony for the day I want to make
a segment on this series where some cool
jingle plays and it's like irony of the
day and then it showcases someone
calling me stupid without even knowing
how to spell stupid oh my
space space bra space space shoddy space
space are your breasts space space
getting bigger in October they are boob
reveal Tara tits 2.0 no they haven't
gotten bigger but you know they
appearance varies based on what I wear
and how tight it is Wow this chick
really sucks annoying voice if she
didn't have fake tits I doubt she would
get any hits oh but you're not a rapper
how can anyone take this slut seriously
oh my god I'm gonna spend the rest of my
life worrying who's taking me seriously
that's what I need to do with my life
start worrying about pleasing and
appeasing all of these random people I
don't even know I hope they take me
seriously I really care about the
opinions of strangers let me dress more
professionally I hope you can take me
seriously and lastly I'm just gonna wash
from this strange of tooth angle that
would make anyone uncomfortable alright
guys I hope you enjoyed this video like
the video subscribe the channel if you
did I'm feeling a little bit more
energized but I'm not 100% sure if I was
even funnier if I was going on tangents
that just I should probably cut a bunch
of shit out of this video I don't know
let me know what you think of it I feel
some days less energized and more into
making videos I still enjoy it but I
feel like I just want to take a nap you
know what I'm saying and I can't really
gauge my performance from that so if you
let me know if you enjoyed this video I
would appreciate that I will see you in
two weeks with another Tara Reid's
comments and next week with a huge haul
of sex toys from Adam and Eva Hall my
favorite sex toy company also what was I
gonna tell you I don't know I love you I
will see you guys tomorrow with a new
Friday night mail a new giveaway of the
week and my unprofessional ass can't
take me seriously look bye
