hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
stories with Tara I know it's been quite
a while since I've done a sex stories
episode it's mainly because there's been
just a lot of other things I wanted to
record topics on and things but I know
you guys have been asking me for a new
sex story and I you know I kind of have
to make sure that I'm not doing too many
at once because I do have a limited
number of sex stories as much as you
might think that I am the huge slut that
ever slutted I am NOT and have not had
that many notable sex stories that I
could actually make an entire story time
on so today we're going to be talking
about a boy named Steve and I have to
warn you I did see that there was like
this much left of a wine bottle that I
used for my last drunk stream and I
decided to just chug that shit thinking
that like oh that much won't do much to
me but when you take on that much like
over a cups worth immediately it kind of
fucks you up some a little bit tipsy so
we're gonna try to tell the story as
much as possible so these setting of the
stage will be I was like 13 at the first
time this isn't about sex yet yet I was
12 or 13 when I had met my best friend
Andrew and he had a really good friend
named Steve if you guys want to know
more about Andrew he's the friend that
died and he set me up with a bunch of
other guys and there are a few videos
where I talk about his death and when I
talk about his impact on my life one of
those is my draw my life video the other
one is called my best friend's death or
something like that I will link both of
those in the description I have to
swallow I need to not forget to do the
normal bodily functions things to
survive like breathing and swallowing it
do you die if you don't swallow is it
just like a thing where you get all
Flemmi and you start drooling because
you know it can also block your Airways
and get whatever clearly I'm not a
hundred cents over so Steve was this guy
who was friends with Andrew and Andrew
was my weed dealer and my best friend he
smoked cigarettes everyone smoked
cigarettes and I would try to smoke
cigarettes but I couldn't get addicted
not that I wanted to and I could not
finish a cigarette on my own without the
help of someone else without feeling
nauseated to the pit of my stomach where
I feel like I'm gonna throw up but then
I never actually did throw up so I had
this like terrible terrible nauseated
feeling for like three hours after I
tried to smoke a cigarette it just
didn't agree with me I don't know why
and I'm very glad that it didn't because
it's such a fucking terrible habit and
these days of being
able to vape and knowing how
carcinogenic it is and how fucking bad
for you it is just no one should fucking
smoke why do people still smoke I
understand that it's a fucking addiction
and it's a really hard addiction to
break my parents did it cold turkey once
they found out when I was like 5 or 10
years old or something how fucking bad
it is but not everyone is that strong
some people are more did why the fuck am
i I'm tangential taragan today ok so
drunk and tara is going to be a little
tangential just enjoy you guys hated the
cuts on my fucking youtube policies
video fucking enjoy not that many cuts
or no cuts at all with me being
tangential as shit so when I tried to
smoke I would feel really sick and when
I felt really sick this Steve guy that I
absolutely adored he was like my vision
of perfection for some reason back then
like now looking back he wasn't that
cute but I was just fucking I adored
this guy oh my god he's like a cute
little like rocker boy who's also a
skater but not that much rocker to where
it was like gothic it was just like the
beautiful fusion of cute skater hair and
being able to do cool skater things and
being like a STONER druggie like guy
that back then I thought was fucking
cool right so he was like my main ideal
and I was dating all these other guys
like Andrews cousin Brennan that I told
you guys about in the drummer guys story
and this guy Aaron that he also set me
up with but I wanted Steve and this went
on for like three or four years so when
I felt sick because of the fucking
cigarettes I would he would let me lay
on his lap and I just fucked him love
that and he was so sweet to me he was
like the sweetest guy ever while also
not being the sweetest guy ever you know
he wasn't like you know cringy and he
wasn't like a girl you know like it
wasn't girly about his niceness and it
didn't feel fake he was just like a
sweet guy to girls so a lot of girls
liked him and he was like two years
older than me he was in high school and
I was in middle school or something and
for so long I was just trying to get
with this guy I mean like I fucking
adored him and I would tell Andrew how
much I fucking adored him and Andrew
would tell me about his unrequited love
with some girl named I think Tiffany
Ursa I don't fucking remember him a
little whatever right now but we kind of
clicked on that level because he knew
how much I cared about Steven like Steve
and I just all I wanted him so badly
clearly didn't like me because back then
I
what you would consider to be mainstream
mainstream ly attractive I was like kind
of a little bit of a tomboy but at the
same time I had gone through modeling
school and realized that I love makeup
so I was doing weird makeup styles that
did not look good on me while also
wearing like weird skater clothes to be
kind of a tomboy I was this like weird
clusterfuck of not very fit but
obviously not like really overweight it
wasn't attractive I had cut my hair in
fifth grade to this shortness and it
took me forever to grow it out again so
I just looked kind of weird and I wish I
had video or pictures of this or
something there was actually a cassette
tape video that I had but um more on
that in another video but anyway so I
just tried so hard like any time I heard
the Steve guy was anywhere I would
fucking go there and I just wanted his
cock so bad like it was no cock I wanted
more than his cock back then and it's so
dumb because what the fuck he was not
that cute and he wasn't that great and
like why am i chasing after someone who
doesn't like me and who clearly doesn't
like me but two or three years later um
and after I think it was yes
after Andrew had died I was hanging out
with some people um who I wasn't hanging
out with him as much anymore and I
hadn't seen him for like a year and I
had kind of gotten over this like huge
crush that I had on him but I was
hanging out some with some friends of
his friends and then we reconnected and
started hanging out a little bit and
smoking together again right and like
before this like before this it all
happened so like one or two years back
when I was still absolutely enamored
with this person I would like go
everywhere like I would go to a house
just to see him for a second just to
smoke with his friends and like just
stare at him and like try to do
something to get him to notice me and
like me and I think Andrew had told him
that I liked him but at the same time he
didn't really like
reciprocate or didn't talk about it as
much I don't remember what the fuck
happened my long-term memory is actually
kind of bad also I only remember vividly
certain things and it's gonna sound so
slutty but I had I had sex with him
twice twice not four times it looks like
four times but it's only twice and I
don't remember the second time I don't
remember which time was actually the
second time holy shit like I don't
remember exactly what we were doing the
second time we slept together but it was
very it was this fucking story's a
clusterfuck so fast-forward two years
later stop being tangential
the place fucking ridiculous retard Tara
um we had started hanging out again with
him and his friend Kyle now Kyle was
kind of cute but something about him
turned me off and he always had another
girlfriend or whatever so it was him and
Kyle and they were like fucking best
friends right so they invited me to go
out to smoke and we end up at this like
abandoned house kind of near my house
and I'm sorry parents I know my parents
watch a lot of my videos especially my
mom who probably doesn't find it that
awkward to watch videos like this maybe
she doesn't I don't know but sorry mom
if you're watching this I think she
knows who I am at this point
and definitely loves me for who I am but
um so we have gone to this abandoned
house we were smoking I don't know how
the fucking happened I was so stoned but
like he starts just like I was wearing a
skirt it was like such a cute skirt and
like he just starts kissing me and then
he we just like start like fucking and
all of a sudden he's got a condom he's
opening it and he's putting it on and
he's fucking me a little bit and kyle is
like right there watching right and Kyle
like comes over and he's like looking
and I remember it was the weirdest thing
ever the way kyle was doing it like i'm
fine with people watching that's cool
woo voyeurs fucking awesome
but like kyle gets on the ground on his
knees and we're all really high and i'm
seeing these people as idiots because I
have I have the worst time getting high
I don't like it I don't enjoy it it
makes me see everyone around me as
pathetic and I feel like I'm getting
this kind of vision of the world that's
more clear but really I'm just being
really really really negative when I
pessimistic when I don't want to be and
I get paranoid and it's weird and it
wasn't that bad at this time but I was
thinking like what the fuck is Kyle
doing he's on his knees trying to look
at the point of entry like you know how
hardcore porn shows like the point of
entry a lot you don't get to see the
girl's body as much as you see just like
the penis entering the vagina and that's
what he was doing he was down on the
ground just like watching like looking
up at that point I'm like what the fuck
is he doing and then all of a sudden
Steve just stops fucking me I don't know
I like I'm done he didn't come he just
like stopped fucking me and he was like
yeah okay and I felt like the whole time
he was like regretting it because at
that point I had started getting hotter
I finally figured out who I was and how
I wanted to look and I was going to
bored that like you know perfect ideal
of what I wanted to look like that's how
young I started being like oh this is
what makes me happy this is the look I
want so I started getting more like
mainstream attractive the way that
someone would find me attractive and he
definitely started finding me attractive
at that point but I wasn't as attracted
to him but at that point I was so high
and also so like finally I've done it
it's like a huge conquest you know when
you like someone for so long I bet you
there are like crushes that you've had
for so long in your life that even
though you're not that into him anymore
because you're over the whole like
infatuation point that you would still
probably fuck them just to say finally I
got that out of the way it was like such
a stressful part in my life that I you
know whatever the fuck so I was like
yeah you know you're still kind of cute
whatever so I ended up doing that he
ended up stopping and then Kyle was like
can I can I join
literally I'm not even joking like he
was like me next me next and I'm like no
Kyle sorry and I was like really adamant
about was like nope nope actually to
push him away a few times I remember
there was a point where Kyle just kept
trying to kiss me
there and in other times that I saw him
when we weren't with a large group of
people and it was so fucking weird and
awkward that like what the fuck is he
doing we're his social skills when I
remember him being like kind of a suave
you know skater guy that got a lot of
chicks it was very weird I think it was
just like the alcohol and the drugs
talking and I'm pretty sure that Steve
and Kyle and the others got into some
harder drugs that I was not involved in
but he started acting very strangely and
in the second time I think I think this
is the second time that we had sex or
the first time but I'm not quite sure if
we had sex at this point but I'm just
going to tell you what I think I
remember okay because I'm not harvested
sure so there was one time where I went
to my friend I forget his name there was
like another friend that I hung out with
that I wasn't attracted to but he was
really attracted to me he was this blond
guy with like really big lips and I
didn't like him first he said first of
all he said cock like CAC and he would
say cock all the time he had that accent
you know like the accent that makes you
say cock like CAC and a drive from McRae
it drove me crazy it drives me crazy and
then you also had like these big lips I
love big lips on men and women I love
big lips oh my god I get injections for
a reason I fucking find big lips big
pouty
it's like the most erotic thing ever but
sometimes on guys when they're white
guys and they have like the really like
bloody red lips it just looks like
lipstick on a guy and they look like
chapped and ground and like blood so I
didn't like him but he liked me and he
told me a few times that he liked me but
I didn't reciprocate so it was okay
anyway I was going over to his house and
he was having like a party and having
people stay over at his house and I had
brought my fucking foster sister my mom
adopted one of my best friends and she
soon like grew apart from me but that's
like another story as well if you guys
want me to tell that story post in the
comments but anyway so her name was
modele and Medela
came with me and we were like we're
gonna stay out all night and then in the
middle medel decided that no I'm going
home and she started walking back to my
house and she was like no I'm not going
to be a rebel this is fucking stupid
Tara's being stupid at that point I was
like fuck you modele you're not a
down-ass fucking ride-or-die bitch what
the hell so I was I was determined to
stay out all night at this guy's house
because Steve was staying there as well
I was laying on the couch and I was
alone and Steve came over and just
started snuggling me he just started
snuggling me I'm pretty sure we also had
sex at some point a little bit and then
again it was either we snuggled for
awhile and then he left or we had sex a
little bit he didn't come I didn't come
and he left and just went into the other
room and started sleeping there and it
was weird it was like he was having some
kind of conflict where maybe he was
worried that I was going to get too
infatuated with him but he didn't know
at that point that I was really only
into him for the sex and the conquest
and I wasn't as in love with him anymore
so I wouldn't be clingy and shit I don't
fucking know but uhm I think that was
the time we had sex
another time I know we had sex twice I
know it like that's ingrained in my
brain but I don't remember the second
time I know the first time was in the
abandoned house but I no fucking
remember the second time I think it's a
very very apropos that I am a little bit
drunk while I'm telling you this story
because there were so many nights that I
was drinking too much and smoking too
much weed and I know at this point when
I was when I had sex with Steve I was
dating the guy Jared who Andrew also set
me up with and jared is the worst
decision in my entire life I dated him
for a solid two years and he was in and
out of juvie the whole time
I told you a little bit about him but I
never had any sex stories about him
because we had so much sex because we
were dating for two years that there are
a lot of stories whereas these stories
that I'm telling you right now are more
like one time things were like really
short trysts that we had and um like I
was dating Jared at that time he was in
jail and so I didn't give a fuck I was
like yeah you know I'm down and I
cheated on him with like a few people I
even had like a legit relationship with
a rocker guy named Chris who was Puerto
Rican for a while while I was dating him
and I used to date J when I first met
him so I started dating J at the end and
J was the reason I actually broke up
with Jared that make sense this is all
like words that I'm our names that I'm
like throwing at you and you don't know
these people so it probably means
nothing to you but I hope you enjoyed
this rambley asked how long did I take
14 minutes oh my god I'm not cutting
this at all it's gonna be amazing you
guys are gonna be this fucking drunk
slot I don't go fuck I'm gonna fuck you
guys wanted me have to cut my videos and
this is what you get me verbose eos
Italy telling you the most ridiculous
shit I've done in my life I am not at
all like this anymore I don't do
one-night stands I don't have sex with a
lot of different people like five sex
with someone it is a well-thought mm-hmm
if I have sex with someone I've had a
crush on them for a while which is not
not the case with the Steve guy but at
the same time the circumstances that I
had sex with him under are very strange
and weird and you know at least we used
a condom anyway later down the line when
I was living with Jay I don't think we
were dating anymore but we met up with
Steve again and he we bought weed from
him because Jay and I used to smoke
occasionally now we don't because I
don't like it Jay still does smoke
occasionally but very very occasionally
like when we go to like a magic
tournament and we have a friend there
who has weed or if we go to like some
party thing which we don't go to parties
like I haven't been to any kind of party
I didn't even go to a party at PAX um
for like over a year now I don't know I
don't like partying it's not fun I don't
like being under the influence usually I
do these drunk streams once a month for
my patreon viewers and stuff because we
get a certain goal and it's fun to do
drunk streams and play video games drunk
and that's the extent to which I do any
kind of mine all mind-altering drugs
um and yeah alcohol is a drug just
letting you know so you guys are like
mmm ah you know I'm saying you know what
I'm fucking saying I probably don't know
what I'm saying I'm probably I'm making
any sense I'm not even gonna proof watch
this video and fucking joy and if you
got to the end of the video please type
in mutilated foreskin up my anus that's
how I know you guys watch this entire
rambley ass piece of shit fucking video
I apologize for this but you guys wanted
a sex video and you guys hate it when I
cut videos you like it being more per
and I did it love you guys I hope you
enjoyed if you liked the video please
like and if you subscribe please do it
I'll see you guys Thursday with terry's
comments I actually love you guys for
putting up with my shit bye
