hey guys today we're gonna talk
logically and factually about the
YouTube changes that have been happening
since a lot of people seem to talk
sensationalistic aliy about it or use
like clickbait titles like youtube
shutting down my channels and for some
reason the majority of viewers take that
is like oh abandoned ship YouTube is
changing we're all gonna die but in
reality nothing's actually changing now
let me explain why so what's been going
on is a lot of creators are getting a
bunch of emails saying that their
content is not advertiser friendly and
therefore was unmonitored now with this
change you are able to appeal this
process and sometimes get your
monetization reinstated so a lot of
people took this as oh my god they're
getting harder on their censorship and
they're taking this out on channels that
might have more taboo content and this
ranges from people like me who talk
about sex for entertainment purposes and
education to people who are just talking
about the news and someone happened to
be raped and I'm talking about this
because people seem to think that it
affects me a lot I'm seeing it all over
my comments and I'm seeing it on my
social networks people are like I'm
really worried about your channel how
are you taking the new YouTube changes
all the way to the people that are like
haha bitch no more YouTube money for you
but the only thing that's really
changing isn't this policy it's the way
they're handling it so let me explain to
you why I am not making any less money
now so when someone asks how much money
does a youtuber make you usually can
extrapolate by saying the average is
about one dollar per a thousand views if
the video is monetized and if you go on
the website socialblade.com
which has a bunch of stats for any
channel you want to look up and you
check out my vlog channel or my gaming
channel they both say that I'm making
anywhere from a thousand on the vlog
channel to 14000 on the vlog channel or
like 500 on the gaming channel to like
700 on the gaming channel something like
that I'm estimating I haven't looked at
it in a while but the actual fact is I
make about 10 cents to 50 cents on the
dollar of what it's actually saying that
I make I can't tell you exactly what I
make on YouTube or show you any
screenshots it's actually against the
agreement I'm pretty sure and I don't
want to breach that but my combined
income per month from ad revenue for
both of my channels is definitely a
couple hundred under four figures which
is way way way way way less than
socialblade says I make and way way way
less than one dollar per thousand views
the reason for this I haven't been
advertiser friendly my entire youtube
career so when other people
make 90 bucks for every video that has
90,000 views I make nine bucks or less
most times like I said it's usually like
10 cents to 50 cents on the dollar that
I should be making and that's because
less advertisers find me advertiser
friendly so this is something that's
been going on behind the scenes in
YouTube for a very long time for a lot
of creators anytime you have taglines
like rape even if it's for the news they
don't care or have something in a title
and they actually use their algorithm to
find it sometimes they don't find it and
some channels seem completely exempt it
seems to be all over the place with how
they target people then you're not gonna
be making the median amount of money
that you should be making I was not
joking when I say that ad revenue sucks
for me it sucks for a lot of content
creators and with this change the only
thing they're really doing is being more
obvious about it
now people like philip defranco said
that this is a positive change because
now they're actually letting you know
that they're not monetizing you but
here's why I can go either way okay so
the new changes bring about the fact
that they let you know that they're not
monetizing you which is a good thing I
like to know and they're also allowing
you to appeal the decision with the
possibility of your monetization being
reinstated which is great but the reason
why this is kind of bad I guess it's up
to you guys to decide if this is better
or worse it's definitely not an
objective thing is that now the videos
that are just completely not monetized
aren't making that 10 cents to 50 cents
on the dollar that they would be making
they're just not making any money at all
so would you rather have the
notification telling you that it's not
making money and the ability to
completely reinstate your monetization
or would you rather be making that
behind the scenes 10 cents on the dollar
to 50 cents on the dollar throughout all
of your videos that are not age
restricted or banned completely or have
a copyright strike but not know what the
fuck is going on in which videos do that
and why it's kind of a give and take
here but as you can see there's not
really that much changing as for my
revenue nothing has changed and there
are a bunch of variables in this as I
said some channels are hit some channels
aren't interestingly personally my blog
channel has not been hit with any of the
notifications but my gaming channel has
been hit with like 15 mostly from the
huniepop videos which is kind of weird
because my blog channel is much much
bigger and my gaming channel is a little
bit smaller and more niche but my
hypothesis for the reason why this is
happening is because my gaming channel
is with a network and my vlog channel is
network 'less by choice people always
ask me to join a network but I don't
want to give part of my revenue to them
for basically no gift back they can't
help me with this they can't help with
content ID strikes so why should I give
twenty to fifty percent of my revenue to
them you know what I'm saying
so I'm purposefully with a network
gaming channel and not with a network on
my blog channel alright so I'm gonna be
linking in the description a few more
videos that I think actually cover this
topic really well so if you don't like
listening to me or you don't fully get
it you can watch other youtubers back up
and corroborate what I'm saying one of
which is h3h3 productions it's really
hard to save some reason h3h3
productions amazing atheist did a really
good one on the censorship history of
YouTube because he's been around for a
long time and Philip defranco's second
video had more insight on it especially
because he has a direct contact to
YouTube I love Philip DeFranco but his
first video the titling just hurts me
like I actually watched him daily so no
hate on him I just don't like his naming
conventions often YouTube is shutting
down my channel I don't know what to do
or something like that but then he goes
on his head he has a bunch of different
avenues to make money so it's not that
big of a deal and there aren't that many
changes it's kind of like I'm fine with
the type of clickbait that just uses
better terms so that people want to
click the video more but you still get
exactly what the title says but when
there's like a huge issue and then a
youtuber uses like an over-the-top title
a lot of people will just read that
title and go off and create things like
YouTube is over hashtag mood booboo and
then that kind of perpetuates ignorance
and retardation and it sucks that the
viewers have to be that stupid and have
the comprehension of like a goldfish
half the time and it's not the youtubers
fault or responsibility per se to make
them think more intelligently but I'm
all about actual transparency as much as
you like to think I click bait just
because I have tits in the thumbnail I
have tits in real life people anyway so
I have some tips for youtubers who want
to circumvent this and not have this
affect them as much you have to places
where tags are present you have channel
tags and you have tags that go on your
videos if you want to save time you set
up channel defaults and those have tags
as well where I use things like Tara
Tara Babcock model gaming philosophy sex
ed and stuff like that so unless you
absolutely have to it's best to leave
things like sex ray pot sexy boobs and
all that stuff out I think I used to
have like boobs in there or something
because my demographic does like boobs
but I've since remove that because I
don't want to be subject to having a
less impactful monetization just because
of one word in the tagline so just try
to make it more PC and user friendly
especially for the ones that are the
defaults just describing your channel
the next thing you can do is use
different titles one of the main things
that they do is they police titles using
algorithms I believe I'm not a hundred
percent sure on that but it seems like
it's automated for the most part so
instead
saying fuck hot weather I made a video
called I hate hot weather and it might
be less like pizzazzy and like badass
and like no bullshit you know but it's
better than making 10 cents to 50 cents
on the dollar just because you're
cussing in the title also if you do need
to talk about something like rape
for instance philip defranco talked
about the brock turner rape case and the
fact that he had to put that in the tags
you can just put Brock Turner
allegations court case and just
completely leave out the word rape
because if people are searching for it
they're not just gonna search for rape
and then go through all the rape videos
they're gonna search Brock Turner or
Brock in court and that's gonna lead
them to your video anyway so oftentimes
there's no reason to put words like rape
in there if it's gonna actually hinder
you a lot of people are feeling like
they have to censor themselves or they
can't be themselves and I disagree I
think you should just use certain
tactics when titling things that make
things a little bit more friendly to
advertisers but not at all change your
content or change who you are
another tip for youtubers especially who
are trying to make this their career Jay
always says this but have a bunch of
drops in a bunch of different buckets
than all of your drops in one bucket
meaning don't make youtube your only
endeavor have another business on the
side if you're yourself and you gain an
audience you can always branch that out
into patreon you can live stream on
Twitch and get donations there and add
revenue
and subs there are a bunch of different
ways you can make money other than
YouTube so that if YouTube fails you
still have other things backing you up
and if YouTube fails and we have to go
to a different site your loyal followers
and viewers will come with you and
they'll understand for the most part so
you shouldn't be too scared about it and
don't be discouraged if you want to make
a career in YouTube but also don't get
into YouTube just to make money get into
YouTube because you honestly have a
passion for it because you love making
videos and because you love interacting
with viewers if the only reason you're
getting into YouTube is money that's
gonna be a parent pretty quickly people
aren't gonna follow you people are gonna
see you as someone being honest and
you're not gonna get that following you
want in the first place so just fucking
be yourself now before I go I want to
talk a little bit about my views on
censorship I know a lot of people say
things like how do you feel that a 13
year old boy might get on you even watch
your sex ed videos feel free to disagree
with me but my philosophy is that there
should be no censorship not even to
younger kids if I were a parent I would
teach my kids the meaning of things
what's right and what's wrong but mostly
I would just encourage them to think for
themselves I would give them reasons and
consequences that might support my
theory of why something might be wrong
but ultimately it's their lives and I
would always keep an open dialogue so if
they wanted to ask me questions about
sack
about violence about anything that's
taboo in society I would never make them
feel like any question is wrong or
anything they're doing or feeling is
incorrect
and a lot of parents fail at this a lot
of parents decide that they like
censorship or that they want to shelter
their children but if you're going to
shelter your child and not prepare them
for the real world the Internet sex
violence it's all inevitable then you
better be prepared to shelter them for
their entire lives otherwise they're
behind they see stigma and things as
natural and as important to sex and they
end up judging other people who have
different views than them rather than
making their own opinions but
understanding that the world is diverse
and nothing is objective or set in stone
and those are just my opinions I think
if you have a strong relationship with
your kids and provide them with answers
rather than just telling them what to do
and and limiting their exposure to the
real world
you're only hindering them in the future
and you're just creating an adult that
might resent you or feel uncomfortable
coming to you with actual issues in my
opinion censorship is just a way to not
parent your kids all right guys I hope
you enjoyed this video and I hope this
clears things up a little bit I hope I
didn't forget anything I kind of did
this right after taking caffeine so I'm
a little bit like whoo-hoo and I'm
actually overheating again as if it's 90
degrees then thermogenics man I really
hope you appreciate my candidness and
the fact that I sway more toward facts
and logic rather than just making people
feel emotional and afraid I don't want
you to feel like you can't make an
alternative career and something like
YouTube I'm not saying I love youtuber I
believe in the changes YouTube has
always been the bitch of the biggest sjw
in the business advertisers and they
always will be because that's how they
make money and it's unfortunate that the
world sees sex drugs and rock'n'roll is
some kind of thing that we need to ban
people from and that we can't put our
ads on especially when it hurts things
like legitimate news companies just
because there was a rape but that's how
the world is you should never stop being
yourself just because you're not gonna
make money I love you guys and I'll see
you in the next video like the video and
subscribe if you enjoyed and have a
wonderful fucking day I get to go to pax
tomorrow nah
