hey guys and welcome to the year-end
2017 recap of my channel my life we have
a bunch of clips from the best videos on
this channel this year and guess what
this is also us shit Tara says one of
the best shit Tara says is I've ever
seen edited by the wonderful Nicholas
else Taj and contributed to by a bunch
of my viewers I fucking love every
single one of you who contributed to
this video it's fucking amazing the
editing even some of the shit done by
rubber tongue is on par there's tons of
Eve there's tons of titties and it
really just solidifies how I feel like
this is the best year of my life so far
and I can not wait for 2018 and the
content that it'll bring with it I don't
want to make this too long but Thank You
Nicholas else Tosh you can find his
links down in the description and
everyone who contributed to this video
you guys are amazing I love you with all
my heart and I hope you guys enjoy
watching this video and I hope you laugh
as much as I did
we are facing a storm that most of us
have feared a lot of people don't even
have anywhere to go at this point today
we've had a national tragedy
I couldn't believe my eyes watching it
right above you
and CNN can now project that Barack
Obama 47 years old will become the
president-elect of the United States
America we have come so far we have seen
so much
she's so tiny I'm so glad we stopped
soon it was the worst moment
we gotta be forward you have taken by
the balls and introduce them into your
vagina forcefully I kissed him grabbed
his cock was very disappointed
oh man this is gonna be a shit show but
a fun shit show it's true crazy
Oh
if I don't get fucking dick in me for
like a whole week it's kind of annoying
I'm not gonna lie and I happen to be
someone who does get a wet vagina pretty
easily there are some people that are so
repulsive I wouldn't let them anywhere
near me so Adam Levine past chad kroeger
past Billie Joe Armstrong past Johnny
Cash Drake or Kanye hard to pass wrong
one hard past just the hardest of passes
is Lady gaga I'm gonna have to hit the
hard bash she's so fucking ugly she
looks like a transgender dude that
doesn't pass for a woman the amazing
atheist honestly I just don't feel like
his fat ass and his micro penis could
ever satisfy me it's a deficit of hot
people these days man ah
Benedict um please during grey take my
vagina so fucking good if Ben Affleck
raped me I would 100% enjoy its role Oh
from Vikings oh my god
perfect Viking perfect man khal drogo
from Game of Thrones hard smash he can
rape me and make me fall in love I am
very very very open to that
Ignis from Final Fantasy 15 for smash
smash
dude that's Cooke I am here to suck your
dick and I would suck it fucking good I
just want the D and you're not providing
the deed oh yeah baby just do it to me
oh yeah Oh raisin thread or a purse oh
yeah bend me over and fucking carve out
my rectum and you're damn well know I'd
be sucking lots of dicks and fucking
lots of pieces with my fake fucking
strap-on or whatever the goddamn shit I
have there's like some kind of like sex
party that they go to where everyone's
kind of just passed around a little
bit's I want to have sex with Joe Blake
that German chick and every sexy
shirtless German guy at that party not
every but most okay not that big of a
slut if you're not a feminist you're a
piece of shit
women can be anything in the world
except for a woman like me
that's a movement I want to support
feminism degrading women much more than
men ever have know women have an easier
time getting sex so it's not an
accomplishment for them no sluts need to
be put in their place obviously not that
one unless you know my place is
somewhere hat you know like on my knees
in front of a big dick you know I'm
saying you know this chair it's got
sides because men want to stick their
arms on them and you know all gamers
since this is a gaming chair
predominantly males this is a fucking
feminist issue guys this is a feminist
issue the fact that my shirt doesn't fit
right because people don't make shirts
for big titty bitches with skinny waists
oh that's a fucking feminist issue
because you know men are the ones that
are predominantly creating clothes
please stay the fuck off of my men I
like my men to be men I could be the
bloodiest hooker with like 14 dicks in
my mouth every single day but if I have
a good idea that's backed up by facts
should not matter feminists do not agree
with that statement I'm gonna punch you
in your fucking dick bitch shut up
fucking feminists come I hate feminists
bunch of feminists hashtag bunch of
feminists if they can if they can punch
the ideology of being crazy that you've
been waiting for as well as I have and
am also paying for the base aren't
jean-yves and then your thumb and then
also great content I suppose and then I
dread seeing that they were parted
as resolutions are you're right I'm
interested in that and what your new
year's resolutions are Celine and me
just Happy New Year and hope for the
basin today's meeting
fucking freeway I just saw that you saw
her okay so tiny
Oh so what was thoughts hey I want you
guys to meet Eve she's so cute she's
named after Evelyn from League of
Legends is Jace favorite champion and we
named her that because he named that
because we have like black carpets like
area rugs and she she let you can't see
her at all
what are you doing little bat cat you
don't fit in that tiny box look at that
shiny those now eating plastic it'll
kill you what no don't play with my
Estes blasts what he's doing
oh my god she's inside the bag she's
inside are you cute turn around
hey hey use them what what can you fuck
this is the best thing fucking ever oh I
just think this is gonna be so great
having a flaccid penis on my face I feel
like that's gonna just it's gonna just
make my day how can one not enjoy this
look I mean I can just like jerk my own
nose like hilarious thing anyone's ever
gotten oh my god
Donald yes I got a rock I get a rad can
do these dude these things oh it's
fucking me like I think that I'm
spinning it the right way and then I end
up not spinning it the right way and
that like fucks my brain because I don't
even understand how that's possible like
how could I have spun it the right way a
fuck and the jersey crustaceans
scripting to join us in Rome why do you
need so many this is a vein of my
childhood and might open all the others
having fucking deal but he's got
anything with what you made a plastic
thing hold the goddamn thing in why you
need one of these as well and why is it
so important that means stay perfectly
in place like what do you plan on
dropping from a fucking tower
what is my life hello Sarah this is
Barney wanting to wish you a Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year and
hoping that 2018 will be a great year
for you and everybody else that follows
you and what is all your content so all
the best and hope yourself Jay and Eve
have a great holiday
and if we see you unlikely it's an end
of an old era era era era in the
beginning of a brand new much much
better one where I'm much more
comfortable I have a see all of the
other places that are hot air
conditioning is standard it is not
standard here and I can't even get a
portable air conditioner so I'm like
fucking dying over the summer and I
cannot wait to move no annoying
neighbors and you guys know I've been
having issues with my upstairs neighbors
of course you're gonna be annoying in
the hallway shut the fuck up okay and
more space to make amazing content for
you guys I cannot wait to display this
stuff if you see any of your stuff that
you sent me just like thrown on the
table like these these things and stuff
don't feel bad I honestly love all of
this shit I just don't have a place for
it right now this place is so small but
soon it will be amazing it's a small
apartment and I paid $1,700 a month for
it now I I love this place but I'm ready
to move on once I get into Vegas once
I'm settled the vlog channel will be
better the setups will be better the
gaming channel will actually have more
of a purpose I'm gonna do lists of
videos and things I am so excited to
have more space and to make everything
so much better
goodbye Seattle
the house is all like pretty nice some
of them have that stucco look or
whatever but um they're clearly like
high quality houses it's really nice
that we're like up here and supposedly
it's ten degrees cooler up here and it's
cool that we're like next to or next to
the mountains
when people ask me what's the best
moment of your life the worst moment of
your life this was the worst moment just
like hundreds of bugs just scattered in
all directions the water damage was
rampant it was leaking from the master
bath into the kitchen and like
dilapidating the ceiling there was like
human hair and some unidentified
disgusting like sticky liquid I can't
fucking live here I just heard it like
crying girl you fucked up this is gonna
work out because it's fucking past to
work out I have nowhere to fucking live
I'm so grateful to everyone at signature
real estate for helping me out I don't
blame my real estate agent at all my
real estate agent who was so helpful at
getting me this house this house that
I'm so grateful to have even more so
that I would have been if I had just
organically found it my parents were so
so supportive thank you guys so much I
really appreciate it they were able to
allow Eve they were able to get me and J
as applicants on the contract so now
we're both renters here which is fucking
amazing it's not just me he's allowed to
be here Eve is allowed to be here and
it's just it's perfect J
an idiot wet titties
yo-yo eternal know me and Odin wish you
a very happy new year and yeah that's
nice but we hope you will have a great
year next year my whole life I've been
wanting to settle down instead I was a
slut because no one would have me
oh my god Donald yes I got a rock I get
a rock guys don't know they love you I
will be flying to Vegas in a few weeks
for business when I am done with my
meetings I will be taking a lift to your
place and give you a good pounding in
the puss can't wait to make love to your
mouth and pound your puss it's gonna be
a match made in heaven
hi Tara now that we're engaged you're
gonna need this for all the wedding
planning we have to do you might as well
tell Jay to move out now you're done
with him Donald is moving in now love
your fiance Donald
it says bride I can't believe it we're
planning the wedding
we need to build a wall and it has to be
built quickly a practical guide to
racism I love this black face right here
it's like mr. Popo but with white lips
if I ever do read a book especially on
on airplanes this would be quite
hilarious either this or mine come for
sure
thank you Adolph okay Donald's obviously
find the n-word you'll know it when you
see it negro oh my god there's so many
Niger Thank You Donald
I approve white males to remind myself
of when I'm white privilege
if Eva's still there when I move in
she's getting tossed in the trash can I
hate cats love your fiancee dog I'm not
giving up Eve we will think America
great again
oh shit around the stamina fuck oh god
how do I even jump how do I know I'm
taking flasks like absolutely all I was
alive I'm still alive I thought I was
dead
oh why are you gonna jump tops in
direction I was jumping like what's the
fuck oh god another all on my dick
please no oh god damn it what the fuck
oh oh
why why oh god damn it motherfucking
shit bitch ah why look at his fucking
fat bitch ass like if we're gonna hate
him so much I hope he dies like what the
fuck literally the worst fucking person
in the world like fucking oh no no no no
fucking what oh my god oh fuck
the wrong way
Wow my god what is that
Oh
oh you fucking cocksucker I was just
about to fucking heal Oh
oh my god I got it Oh Oh my god oh my
god
uh-huh can you just dye it you fuckin
aah
Oh fuckin die can I get out of here like
where am I
I always see his hairy dick I roll I rap
oh she's son of a fuck ass motherfuck
oh my god please can you not kill me
while I'm just trying to get up no no
God fucking ass fuck I'm like getting
stuck in there just fucking kill the dog
oh my god is fucking rat there's too
many there's so many fucking rats
oh my god Oh
no I'm so done with this shit I can't
deal I can't deal today hey Tara just
wanted to wish you a Merry Christmas
and also Happy New Year been watching
you since like 2014 now I think the
first thing I ever watched remember you
I was on the zoom being games channel
you did the Tyra show and if you can't
tell
I've got nasty fur infection so my voice
has just gone to shit lately like a
month now but yeah I just wanted to say
just I'm so proud of you and like what
you've accomplished
but you where you've been just like I
remember before you even set up the bay
tree on and it's just crazy to see how
that's just exploded any of these well
not all of them are amazing but a lot of
them are very supportive and lovely and
it's just you've just built up such a
wonderful community and I'm happy to be
a part of it and I look forward to
seeing where it goes
have a good year hey Tara I just wanted
to wish you a Happy New Year love you
Happy New Year lovely aunty I want to
wish you a fantastic 2018 and I hope you
Jay and Eve will have a wonderful time
well now I'm going up in the air
next time on shit Tara says some nights
I wet the bed
on purpose I found a dude in my bed
tonight
everyone already knew I was gay some
nights I wish there's a black dude in my
back door
yes sir
it's true I crave
