hello my beautiful wonderful and lovely
fucking viewers welcome to this week's
episode of Friday night mail let's jump
into it but first I always say let's
jump into it then I'm like wait I have
to cover something else fuck so last
week's winner was I own I own I OA n not
sure how to pronounce it I'm sorry but
he wanted GTA 5 because he couldn't
afford it and I thought that was
adorable and sent it to him right away
so congratulations i owned em you are
wonderful and i hope you enjoy your game
if you want to set up for this week's
giveaway link will be in the description
all you have to do is visit certain
social media networks and you get more
entries for more of the actions that you
complete I will also be posting this
week's trouble unless you guys vote on
which gift you want if you do happen to
win the giveaway and that link will also
be in the description I also want to
apologize because this video will be a
little bit late I'm pretty sure I'm
trying to get everything ready four
packs and i'm recording this video the
day of i was supposed to go two packs
today but i could not get all the
weekends videos done on thursday so if
it's a little late now you know why also
tomorrow is usually an upload day off
but instead of posting on sunday and
waiting that long i'm gonna be posting
my video on the YouTube changes so for
those of you who have been asking
everywhere how I feel about the new
YouTube changes they're not really
changes just wait for tomorrow's video
that should pretty much clear up
everything for you guys alright let's
open the fucking packages I love you so
much a caffeine tiny package tiny
package meet my books kutta what is this
oh I'm gonna guess pasties oh my god
it's not pasties yeah this is so cute I
wanted it so bad cuz it makes me look
like I have cat ears it's also really
good for when I'm doing my makeup there
we go mara now my kitty cat this gift i
believe is from Eva rawr who also got
herself one and she better be posting
selfies I want to see what she looks
like in this adorable kitty goodness
Thank You Eva you adorable beautiful
wonderful fucking person i'll be posting
her links in the description she is hot
you should follow her this is so awesome
now it keeps my hair to my face when i
do my makeup every time I put in a
ponytail when I'm doing my makeup it
ends up leaving like a kink in my hair
and then I have to like get it wet and
brush it out and it's really stupid but
this way I can do my makeup without any
of my hair getting in it and I don't
have to put my hair up in a ponytail ah
we've got a box of goodness feels like
but oh my god it's so cute there's a
thank you note thank God hi Tara enjoy
your gift from Dalton are Oh Dalton it's
a cool I love it oh okay this leads to
not be next to my face what I'm trying
to open this oh did I almost broke a
nail again but that's okay so I'm going
to get my nails done today it would be
the perfect time to break a nail so this
is like a little coin purse so cute and
it also has the card holder here so i
can put like my ID or whatever the fuck
in here i'm actually probably gonna
start carrying this around rather than
my actual wallet because i hate carrying
my wallet my wallet is actually that
alternate case for my phone and I just
end up carrying the alternate case
because it has all of my cards in it so
silly right I just love this case so
much better it's easy and light and and
gummy and cool and awesome yeah Thank
You Dalton so fucking kids got a little
heart oh so awesome I'm gonna I'm gonna
somehow stick this on my head cuz why
not you know there we go doesn't that
make things like ten times better I
think it does daulton you are fucking
wonderful and you've made me smile and
you've also made things more practical
for me so I appreciate it let's go ahead
and open this I feel like this is out a
little bit more than it needs to be and
more for my comforts like murderer stage
rather than opening boxes stage come on
man just open alright there's a note a
gift from my sluts I don't know why it
has his like legit real name on here
that's weird and it happens to be
another thing that will keep my hair out
of my face while I do my makeup but this
time it is pink and it has a bow and
it's really cute so we're gonna put both
of them on should I just leave it like
that no and for the last portion there
we go oh now I'm a bowed kitten this
package is really cute too soft I'm very
fine that's not a bad fucking
translation now is it the next thing
we've got is a package this is misty
Babcock oh god I love those this is
Amazon Fulfillment vagina and it appears
to be a game let's see oh its divinity
original sin Enhanced Edition Robert I
wanted to send this to me because it
says it's really good and you can play
co-op and I'm always looking for things
to play on the couch with J so I'm
excited divinity original sin is a
much-lauded role-playing game that
blends deep customization and humor with
dynamic turn-based combat either an
online co-op or split screen co
on your TV I haven't played a
split-screen game in quite a while that
is like a hundred percent of my
childhood having like four screens or
just the split screen and playing like
fucking racing games or mario kart or
gold night fucking awesome and now that
I have a gigantic TV it'll be even
better split screen always reminds me of
that game i think it's called screen
cheat where you're supposed to look at
your opponent's screen in order to know
what they're doing it's a cool little
indie game you guys should check it out
next package comes from diana be and i
have no idea what she's gonna send me
but the last time she sent me something
i was in love with it she is hot as hell
to you should check her out and follow
her and she is super sweet and super
supportive and I swear to god man girl
packages are the best fucking packages
except when they're like glued closed
how do I open this efficiently like this
is should I like cut the glue what am I
even doing mmm oh my god was his life
this is the glute estoy that ever glued
ah oh there we go let's just turn it
upside down and catch whoever falls out
oh I got it sore that's so cute and then
she colored something for me oh look at
that that's awesome it's like a Marvel
coloring sheet it says love you Diana be
and then her little picture of a B and
then it's the rest of the coloring book
color your own young marvel Oh jailbait
marvel oh my god magneto thank you you
guys oh my god I love it so much oh this
is awesome I love it thank you diana
this amazing and then she sent me
colored pencils this it says I saw you
liked it on my insta so I had to get you
one too oh that's so sweet this is cute
this is like stuff that I would use to
keep my life totals and magic like
little pads of like cute owl shit and
then we've got her beautiful little
notes and it says hi Tara I've been
meaning to crochet something for you but
I've been behind on my other projects
I'll make you something soon I got you
this while on vacation I colored
something for you too i hope you like it
you rock love diana be i love you too
and by the way diana has the nicest ass
hopefully you don't mind me saying that
Diana not you guys of course you don't
mind me saying she's a nice ass but
mmm girl she's so fun anyway thank you
so much this package is awesome wait
there's one more thing it's a box oh
it's got a little bracelet in it that's
cute let's see if I can like what the
thing through the vagina and then like
put it on probably can because I have
like really small hands and wrists but
it's tight enough that like it won't
fall off this is so cute is this like a
friendship thing are we like friends now
also this match is like my outfit
perfectly so thank you so much it's the
girl intuition I swear to god you know
exactly what I would want to wear based
on what color I'm wearing today using
fucking premonitions female intuition
I'm probably being sexist to SJ WS but
who cares baby girl I love you so much
in once again check out her links in the
description she crochets shit she
crochets shit why is it so hard to say
she crochets shit and make shit that is
really cute she made me that like
pokeball handbag that I showed you guys
in a previous epidemics she's just
talented beautiful everything oh so for
the next package I got packaged FIBA
anthrax that's what it officially is
cold Oh snow in panda oh my god snow and
panda are gonna love it I'm assuming
this is from rubber tongue I am assuming
this is from rubber tongue he got
something for snowy and panda I wish I
could bring them here and show you guys
playing with it I'll have to make videos
if you guys want to follow snowy and
panda on Instagram it's snowy and panda
Andy panda snowy with a why on Instagram
also post their link in the description
it's a superfluous Instagram account
that I have for my parents knew two
adopted kittens and also post a link to
the kitten adoption adventure video that
I did they are so fucking cute they're
the cutest things in the world one of
them has polydactyly feet meaning he has
22 toes rather than 20 and they both
also have problems with their tails and
they were abandoned it's just they're so
cute oh my god follow them on Instagram
they have like 200 followers and I would
love to get them to a thousand I think
they deserve so many viewers and I post
videos and pictures of them often that
my parents send me or that I go over
there to take thank you Robert tongue or
whoever sent this to me this is really
cute I'm sure they're gonna love it
alright we have two more to go
right on top we got notes hi Ellen tier
here is a new member of the crew he may
be submissive Waluigi why would he be
submissive is Waluigi a fucking freak in
the sheets is that what we're going on
with us what's going on wall luigi is a
freak in the sheets can't you tell look
at him he likes the dick oh god so bad
what does it say in these little buddy
the fuck anyway he's got l's on his
hands so you can like put up the glitter
and devil is there a new villain for the
nintendo chair i'm very happy about that
good go at robert own use the shits
probably the lightest big package I've
ever encountered what is this oh my God
look LMT I bought a piece of shit for
you this is so cute oh my god it's a
literal piece of shit just like rubber
tongue that dirty slut oh sorry I
dropped it on the mic I dropped the bike
no just kidding I'm gonna cuddle with
this piece of shit and I swear I will
not contract smelly face disease which
is what you get when you cuddle with
shit if you guys don't know this is like
a poop emoji like on your phone if you
have an iPhone or like most places i
think they are not exclusive to iphones
anymore why can't I hold this up this is
a wobbly poop I fuckin love this week in
gifts I think you guys are fucking
amazing i love you so much and I wish
there was another way i could give back
other than just to give aways but don't
forget to sign up for the giveaway oh my
god link in the description you guys are
fucking amazing i'm going to pax
tomorrow and hopefully i'll get some
good content for you guys if nothing
else i will take a little bit of video
for like a blog type thing with my phone
but i will do some footage for you and
it will be on the gaming channel
youtube.com slash tara babcock games
probably on monday after i'm done going
to the event and i just love you guys so
much you're amazing you're wonderful
maybe I should start doing like one or
two questions at the end of this series
that you guys asked me but then again
the series was already pretty long
usually this time it wasn't because
there wasn't that much stuff but
sometimes they can get like 20 minutes
and then it'll be like 25 answer
questions by and let me know we think in
the description meaning in the comments
not the description you can't write in
my description hackers fuck off thank
you everyone just you're amazing thank
you I want to make a song full of just
the word thank you just for you guys and
dedicated to each and every one of you I
want the end of the video that I sing it
in which would be terrible because I'm
the worst
in the world to just be like a list of
every viewer who's ever watched my
channel or supported me in any way but
obviously that's unrealistic so I'll
just stick to giving things away and
trying to be really grateful I love you
guys though if you have a wonderful
weekend and I will see you next week
with a new friday night Male and the
winner of this week's giveaway I hope
you guys do some fun shit this weekend
post in the comments if you want me to
do questions at the end of the videos
let's make this like an entire fan
appreciation day every week love you
guys Oh corny
