hey guys welcome to new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week we've got a
sponsored video by the company Tracey's
dog and they have sent me for sex toys
to unbox and review god there's nothing
I love more than companies paying me to
masturbate more and to get you guys to
masturbate more the absolute best are
you guys ready to see what I have to say
about each of these sexy sex toys I am
so let's go ahead and do it okay so the
first one we're gonna start off with is
this female vibrator which is the only
box that's actually a parent and makes
it clear that it's a sex toy but
honestly the cool thing about these is
they come in this like white overwrap
and the packaging that it's sent in is
very nondescript so you're not gonna
have your neighbors your friends your
parents whatever knowing that you bought
a sex toy unless they actually go into
your mail which i think is a federal
offense so you're good alright so this
one just says female vibrator with 30
functions on the back here it says the
vibration is centered at the tip you've
got the function button the on and off
button it's super strong vibrations
super mute design and a hundred percent
silicone so why don't we just get it
open it's also really really light oh
yes it comes with a bag thank God if you
guys haven't seen my other video where i
melted one of my sex toys i think it is
a very important thing to have all of
your sex toys at least the different
types of sex toys made with different
materials in separate bags otherwise
you're just ruining everything so the
bag the sex toy oh my god it's a lot
more pink than I thought it would be the
silicone is extremely soft and it has a
little like bud right here that looks
kind of like a flower bud or a little
bit like a clitoris and there's even
foreskin on it you can open it up here
and that is where the batteries go takes
two double-a batteries and something I
like about this is that it's the first
smaller dildo I've ever had that also
gives clitoral stimulation so if you
have a shallower vagina or if you just
don't like really big penises this might
work better for you than the ones I've
shown in the past and you're still gonna
have your clitoris stimulated because it
has the clitoral thing you could also
technically use this as a prostate
vibrator this actually keeps it from
going all the way in your anus and
getting lost seems you'll often see with
anal vibrators or just butt plugs and
things is that they have like a really
big base so there's no possible way that
it can go actually into your rectum like
unrecoverable so that's the first one
pretty straightforward I like the design
I like the foreskin one
down three to go this is the next one
open it up like this and it just opens
the entire box which is kind of
interesting I think this is actually
supposed to be taped down I guess the
box isn't like 100% it's the best
quality and you're supposed to be able
to just open it like this but whatever
I'm not as interested in the box as I am
whatever the fuck is in this bag and
once again this is the only company I've
ever worked with that every sex toy
actually comes with its own bag and this
one actually has the cute little
metallic trademark on it Tracy's calm
and guys before I go any further if
there is ever a time you get an inkling
like I am I want that in my asshole you
can always check the description to see
all of the product links also the link
to their Amazon Marketplace and their
official website and a promo code so you
get money off I don't right now have the
promo code so I can't tell you what it
is I'm getting it tonight but it will be
in the description and you can get money
off oh yeah oh my god it is a very
realistic phallic penis
alright so that's what it looks like I
like it when realistic penises have a
lot of veins and they have balls I think
it's cute when they have balls that also
gives you something to grab onto
I like that there's a suction cup that
means you can use it in the shower this
is like regular it appears to be regular
silicone but I would keep it away from
toys like this I would keep them
separate in the bags and when you're
buying from this company you clearly get
a bag for each so there's no reason no
excuse not to I'm gonna point at you
with my dildos anyway what I don't like
about this one is a little small in my
opinion if something is gonna be so
simple I'd like it to be a little bit
bigger but I am a size Queen so that's
something that you might dislike about
things and this might be a good size for
you this is a more realistic size I
would say it's only slightly above
average with an average girth it's not
too thick and it can definitely pleasure
a woman I'm not saying it cans but
something I don't like about this is the
fact that it doesn't come with any
information any instructions like even
on the box the Box just says Traci's dog
and nothing else and I would prefer if
it came with information on what kind of
material this is made out of at least so
that I know how to store it and what I
can store it with well mom
is that right penis you like more
information well not much to say about
this one either alright next we are
going with this one that actually has a
box that is glued together properly
right on the top you see that this one
has USB connectivity and it has the
directions for use manual which I
fucking love and that's apparently what
its gonna look like let's take it out
yet again another bag with a Tracy's dog
logo on it which I fucking love and this
is what it looks like
it is really cute and really pink
there's a plus button and an on button
which you probably can't see because
they're very just like dialed into this
like it's barely even noticeable there's
like a diamond pattern on the handle so
you have better grip and there you go
this kind of has the design of the back
massager you know that back massager
that turned into like a sex toy for
women except it's clearly just meant to
stimulate the clit this isn't something
that you insert inside yourself it's
more just like some friendly vibration
on your rajma zones I think this would
be fun for clit play if I don't want
anything inserted into me that day or
let's say I'm on my period but at the
same time I feel like it's a lot of
excess stuff just to play with your clit
I feel like clit vibrators can be like
really small and like on your finger so
I don't 100% love this item but I love
the color like even the chrome parts
here are just like the best and I can up
the vibration and change it so that it's
like but move up stop but move above a
little stop it's pretty it's pretty
crazy vibration like holy shit like I'm
definitely going to be able to come
pretty quickly with this this might
actually turn out to be my favorite I
don't know hold it again to turn it off
I'm assuming yep that works instructions
use with lubricant and disinfectant to
be comfortable safe and healthy please
clean and sanitize after you stand dry
and save press the power key for three
seconds to turn it on then the signal
light is on it is in the standby state
in any state of working press the lower
key for three seconds to turn it off
after turning it on press the key plus
to switch a vibration frequency so there
are 10 frequencies for this press the
power key to return to the previous
frequency okay so the plus button is the
plus button but the power button can
also be used as the minus button it uses
a lithium battery that you plug in to
charge I'm not seeing where the hole is
there they're always so inconspicuous oh
there it is this is DC and it's like a
tiny tiny hole let's stick this in there
oh my god it's like not even an actual
hole that's pretty cool I kind of wish
the cord for this was pink too so you
could make it like the entire package
but I don't know I'm kind of taking back
what I said about there being too much
stuff here for just clitoral play
because it fits so well in my hand like
I can just hold it like this there's no
way it's getting out of my hand no
matter how much Lube I use I can
appreciate that there's even a little
picture on here measuring it the
heaviest one I saved for last because it
might be the most fun let's go ahead and
open it got one of those really nice
dark red bags this is Tracy's dog in
that gold insignia lettering I love it
and
we open it up and it's just a longer
suction cup dildo in hot pink perfect
for Tara I have so many of these suction
cup dildos and varying sizes that I
always wanted to stick them in my shower
like that and then wait for Jay to go
take a shower and he's like what the
fuck there's like 30 dicks in here I
love this one a lot better than the
other one it's longer and thicker it's
got the veins it's got the balls it's
got the suction cup this isn't over all
just solid no pun intended
dildo if you just want to have something
to play with in the shower or you don't
need a lot of pizzazz and functions to
get off this can be good for men and for
anal play because the balls make it
impossible to go into the rectum and get
lost as is the same with a smaller one
which might actually be better for
prostate stimulation because it is
smaller you're not trying to rip the
anus that's what they look like side by
side this one is veiny or and more
realistic this one is pink bigger and
thicker but has like a weird shape to it
where the head gets smaller I don't like
that as much in penises or in dildos I
find it to be pokey rather than the kind
of pain that I like in bed but we shall
see now swordfight I'm assuming that out
of these two them you'll like this one a
lot better and out of these two I'm
probably gonna prefer this one for all
my period or for a quick release and
I'll probably be able to come pretty
efficiently with this one as well but
this one is just so cool all right guys
we're gonna skip to the review portion
of this where I actually tried these out
and let you know how I feel about them
in the meantime may the force be with
you alright guys flash-forwards the next
day and I am back with the review
portion of this video I have tried out
all four of these products now and I
would like to give my personal opinion
on all of them these two aren't really
for me simply because I feel like if
you're masturbating solo there's no real
reason for you not to have the vibe for
the clip it's just infinitely better and
if you're using these on your partner
for like a little bit of extra play or
if you're mutually masturbating you
don't need the suction cup so unless
you're a guy using it for prostate
stimulation or you're a girl that comes
really easily from vaginal penetration
alone and you like to actually do all
the work or like stick this on the wall
and like twerk your ass on it in the
shower these are just 100% upstaged by
the vibrating versions these two before
we get into it I made a mistake in my
last portion where I said these take
double a batteries it actually takes
triple a batteries I guess I just
thought the holes looked bigger that's
what he said but anyway this is what the
vibe is like on this you have to hold it
for three seconds and then it starts and
you can press and it changes the type of
vibration now I always just like the
perpetual vibration no actual vibing or
patterns at the highest setting I just
feel like that feels the best and this
is personally my favorite vibrator out
of the bunch my favorite product out of
the bunch because it has a clitoral
stimulation and the vaginal penetration
I love the fact that this isn't a rabbit
vibe rabbit vibes usually have two
little prongs that go like this and then
you kind of stick your clit in between
here but I always end up pushing too
hard and going too deep with the
insertion portion that I end up hurting
the skin around my clitoris I actually
like jab the little bunny rabbit parts
into my skin and it ends up hurting
after I'm finished before I can realize
that I'm pushing too hard so the fact
that this is just a little nub that fits
nicely with my anatomy I actually
enjoyed it and I enjoy this one the best
by far this one is pretty cool too
because it has that classic style and
it's just a good clitoral vibe
like it's a little too bulky to hit the
exact portion of your clitoris that
makes you come the fastest I don't know
if you're like me but I know a lot of
other women are or like there's a
certain part of your clit that makes you
come really fast whereas other parts you
don't feel anything at all or it's far
too sensitive you get that far too
sensitive issue with this thing for sure
one cool thing about this though is it
can be used to titillate other erogenous
zones like here or the man's taint anus
whatever and on the highest setting it
can actually be used as a massager says
this one is bigger and pink I would say
this one is better than this one just
strictly so the hierarchy of how much I
like these toys goes this this this then
this the least I told you guys earlier
in the video that I will be getting a
promo code and I have since gotten that
promo code for 15% off and since it's
like a string of just letters and
numbers it'll be down in the description
instead of me actually saying it out
loud here
it's like adjusts it of foot 20 or
something I also posted on the screen
here all the product links will be in
the description as well as a link to
their Amazon page and their main website
so you can see if there's some other
toys that might interest you if you
happen to not love these ones happy
shopping and if you decide to buy I hope
these bring you tons of joy honestly I
would say the coolest thing about them
is the fact that they all come with a
bag and remember the ones that require
batteries don't come with batteries but
the ones that require a charge do come
with a full charge I hope you guys
enjoyed like the video subscribe to the
channel check out the links in the
description and let me know what you
want me to do for next week sex ed with
Tara if I don't have a sponsored video I
will be taking topics from you guys love
you guys hope you have a wonderful
weekend and I will see you in two weeks
with another sex ed with Tara kee
fucking with plenty of toys
