what's up guys welcome to new episode of
shit Tara fucking says without the
fucking because nope there's a lot of
fucking anyway this one is made by the
original creator of shit Tara says
Nicolas Alstott and he is amazing all of
his videos have been amazing there's
something that other creators who make
shit Tara says kind of looked up to and
this video was literally no exception
it's funny as hell it made me laugh and
Nick is just the best I'm gonna be
posting his links in the description he
has a really popular tumblr and a
patreon on the tumblr he actually posts
sexy gifts of yours truly as well as a
bunch of other gifts that are hilarious
sexy everything and on his patreon he
updates about the next shit Tara says
and gives little snippets of the videos
you haven't yet seen which is pretty
cool I'm gonna let you watch some
hilarious footage but before I go I want
to give a shout out to Nick's friend
Sean Dawson who is pretty sexy I just
had to do it I'm sorry hi Sean not to be
confused with Shane Dawson
all right guys roll the hilarious
footage I hope you enjoy as much as I
did
where was i Jada's texted me I am Queen
Tara and as my first decree all women
must have big titties hi I'm Tara
Babcock and I have a public service
announcement for you guys all men must
have big throbbing erections 100% of the
time you must call a doctor if you have
an erection lasting shorter than four
hours do I look pretty as a Queen River
tongue rubber tongue such a little slut
now that we've gotten that out of the
way let's teach you guys how to get sex
I definitely stand by the fact that it's
good to let your intentions known early
on dr. Tara is here to help I'm gonna
make you beg for it I'm gonna make you
come so hard I want you to lie on your
back and let me take care of you tonight
I'm gonna let you do anything you want
to me let me take control tonight I want
you to tease me until I can't take it
any longer tell me what you think about
when you masturbate I want you I'm
picturing you and me with another woman
I like thinking about you touching
yourself I've been a bad girl and I need
someone to punish me I have to tie me up
and take advantage of me
I'm just feeling you inside me no
problem making myself look like a slut
or whatever I think it's time I let you
in the back door tonight
being dominated is something I'm really
into I want to be disregarded and
degraded as much as possible in sex most
painful sex positions doggystyle
probably that's why I like it so much
oh yeah or the piledriver anything with
choking I like a vaginal cervix pounding
pain I like hair pulling and choking all
that stuff choking how many not to be
busted on your face probably thousands
sexual facials oh I do that all the time
I fucking love facials getting come down
my tits my face everything just like all
over this area my decolletage that shit
is good come all over baby come all over
me everywhere oh yeah sucking put it on
my face I love it it's so hot I just
want your cum all over me oh give it to
me fuck yeah mmm shower me with that
shit
oh yeah baby just like that I know my
thank you
females are really hot because they're
like beautiful like women you know like
they're cute like women just like these
guys that I'm some reason finishing over
but they have a penis and the penis is
like the best part oh my god note they
have a big penis that would be like
fucking best of both worlds right like
my dream is to one day have sex with its
Hall Asian man with a big penis but for
some reason in Japanese porn that's kind
of hard to find
I'm not a succubus form I am a succubus
for all that cock more penises equals
more holes filled equals a bigger job
for me because that please two men and
I'm definitely up for that challenge
having a dick anywhere near my body or
my face is just a turn-on for me like
dick slapped onto my face like my idol
I told us want to get inside and learn
everything oh my god I'm fuckin with my
big tits that I paid for it's really
great rubbing your dick anywhere is
great and if there's like a crevice on a
girl that you can put it in definitely
go for it I in deep throat and I like
balls just suck a dick without a condom
actual penis any day of the week I've
had a huge crush also on James from Team
Rocket for like the longest time and it
killed me being able to see his penis
once like that was just something I
wanted to do and he had a big dick so it
was good mmm baby all men must have big
throbbing erections 100% of the time you
must call a doctor if you have an
erection lasting shorter than four hours
is it really nigga nobody wants their
penis to not work I like my look today I
like the red lips I like the blonde hair
the blue eyes I like the glasses and the
the hair to the side and the whole
secretary look but really I love my
vagina it's just like so pretty I have
such a pretty vagina I just think my
vagina is so cute I feel like our
vaginas should be on top of our heads or
something so that when you come in it
it's like a cup and it stays there right
and then it like just absorbs and then
they can like you know go out and do
osmosis from the top or stay in there
and make the bitch pregnant in the
bottom or something like that just seems
better to me I feel like our Creator who
like fucked that up but a disclaimer
please don't try to stick your fingers
on anyone's like private parts unless
you know that they're at least down to
the kids first right
fuck yeah I've tried Mountain come and
I'm stuck my finger of my ass why not it
feels good
fuck you you haven't you know when you
have a stressful day you can like jerk
off and have sex with your friend if I
was having one of those combined orgasms
and someone broke into my house with a
gun I'd be like hold on wait wait does
let me finish wait wait I don't even
know who you are
come join whatever I know a lot of
people are gonna make just fucking fuck
me oh there is something deep inside her
I know cuz I have been inside her and
you're clearly talking about sex yeah
we'll put your fucking baby away right
like I can't even emulate the stupidity
of this fucking person he's like what
the fuck fuck fuck you fuck you fake-ass
slut whore ass bitch oh my gosh she said
she'd be a prostitute here boy that
escalated quickly I'm gonna tell you
exactly what you want to hear so to not
hurt your feelings is McMiller but no no
you look pretty and anything everyone is
beautiful every human life matters no
matter what they've done no matter who
they are oh my god Cooper human life is
so hot oh my god Backstreet Boys aah oh
my god so we went to prom and I had a
great time and I was drinking a lot and
there was this cute boy and we danced
and I left the party and I started
drinking even more and I blacked out and
then I woke up the next day with a used
condom next to me
I mean that really got out of hand fast
good night looks so great the thieves
escape all right guys like the video
subscribe to the channel and let me know
what you want me to try out next oh my
god this was fun
I totally drooled all over my boobs hope
you guys enjoyed
next time on shit Tara says stay with
that cock that big long hard erect cock
when you can't I want you to come all
over me oh my god so we went to prom and
I had a great time and I was drinking a
lot and there's this cute boy and we
danced and I left the party and I
started drinking even more and I blacked
out and then I woke up the next day with
a used condom next to me now was I I
don't know but still that was my story I
really want you to know that this is my
own personal story I don't mean to
offend anyone and rape is not your fault
I was raped at the age of 8 but again I
really hope this doesn't offend anyone
I'm really not trying to offend anyone
rape is never your fault
I'm sorry
