hey guys and i'm back with another
BuzzFeed quiz and today I'm actually
sober we are going to be finding out how
much of a feminist BuzzFeed thinks I am
which is inconsequential but it's kind
of fun at the same time because I get to
talk about the stupid feminist issues
and how stupid political correctness is
and being an SJ w well also just taking
a really stupid test who doesn't love
taking stupid tests right in reality I'm
0% feminist I really don't understand
why people want to classify and label
themselves as one certain thing in the
first place much less something is awful
as feminism when you can totally just
say you're in a gala tarian if you want
to say you're something and not
gravitate to all the negative
connotations that feminism has
especially in the Western world
egalitarians work for equality if any
gala therrien happens to see that
there's some kind of inequality for
women at that point they work for women
if they say that there's an inequality
associated with black still work for
blacks they don't need to make up
something called black lives matter or
blackest I think the default position
most people hold is I'm an egalitarian
but I don't need to label myself because
that's just the obvious but anyway let's
go ahead and get into this the first
thing I see in the first problem I have
with it is find out just how woke you
are woke really if you're gonna use
unintellectual meme jargon you're not
gonna be taken seriously by anyone who
has an IQ over like 80 that's the soft
cap it might be even lower these kinds
of misuse vocabulary words are fine and
memes memes that you just look at for a
second and they're supposed to make you
chuckle and then you move on with your
day but if you're sporting like a strong
stance or a political opinion you don't
use things like how woke you are guys me
crazy I think it's highly unintelligent
and extremely unattractive when it comes
to actually trying to have a
conversation with someone so let's go
ahead and do this we haven't even gotten
to the fucking test yet it's check all
that apply and this time I'm sober so
we're not gonna be checking the wrong
things I'm excited about that part I
would be willing to give up some of my
salary if i had to sew that equal pay in
my workplace could be a reality um no
why is that my fucking responsibility
why should I have to do that and why
would that make any sense in any form of
reality oh so there's no problem with
equal pay equality that's just like so
fucking stupid no I would not okay so
before we go any further I'm assuming
what's gonna happen here is that there
are going to be a few things I do agree
with and therefore I'm going to be
labeled as a feminist but a lot of these
things are going to lack nuance they're
going to not be in the right context and
have the right subtext to show how
stupidly feminists deal with these
issues and no
issues and how seriously feminists take
quizzes like this instead of actually
making a difference at all in places
where it matters like the Middle East I
believe that men and women should be
equal I believe that men and women
should have equal basic rights I do not
believe that men and women are equal I
do not believe that each person is equal
to the next person I don't believe that
human lives are equal to other lives or
that each human life is equal to the
next and as I said this lacks nuance so
I have no fucking idea if I would click
this let's just assume that they're
saying in the general sense where like
we should have equal basic human rights
yeah I agree with that I can't help but
be bothered when a song includes
misogynistic lyrics even when I
otherwise like the song I absolutely
don't give a shit about that I know who
bell hooks is i dont and dont care to
google it i can define intersectional
feminism yeah but why is that going
toward me being a feminist that's just
because I watch a lot of videos on this
shit because it entertains me how people
they bunk the retardation that is
feminism and especially things like
intersectional feminism I don't use the
phrase hey guys we're referring to a
group of people that includes men and
women hey guys hey guys hey guys hey
guys hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys
hey yes well it can't be argued that my
whole viewer base is men shout out to my
ten percent female viewers but yes I
definitely say hey guys in any
circumstance and the fact that feminists
think that this is some kind of
deep-rooted issue like words actually
matter and changing a word or phrase
will change the world it just proves how
fucking stupid they are I've taken a
woman's and/or gender studies class no i
haven't i actually had the opportunity
to do that when i was in community
college while i was in high school and I
turned it down for creative writing
because just infinitely more relevant I
think it's important to encourage girls
to pursue science and math as a career I
think it's important to encourage them
if the interest is already there but I
do not think it is important to tell
them that those are the only fields of
study and places of work that they can
go to as if the only options they have
are the ones that men find more
appealing statistically just so that we
can like decrease the wage gap pea you
know if you want to be in science if you
want to do math I don't know why you
would but I definitely think that any
gender any race should have the
opportunity to do so and that leads us
to the next one women should be allowed
to apply for a job if they fulfill sixty
percent of the job requirements ah no
one should be allowed to apply for
anything if they do not meet all of the
required
the requirements they're not like eleena
it would be really nice if you're really
good at taping know it's like that is a
requirement for the fucking job why
would you fucking apply and why women
why not all people should be allowed to
apply if they're not qualified for a job
its just oh my god so bad I think we
should change woman's bathroom symbols
tonight no who cares why would anyone
care about this no sane person who
actually wants a significant malleable
change would ever care about this oh my
god i believe trans people should be
able to use whichever bathroom they
identify with yes I agree with that
because you know I'm not a piece of shit
scum human being that doesn't see trans
people as whatever they want to be seen
as basically because I don't care about
labels and if you want to be seen as
whatever the fuck you want to be seen as
go ahead and do that it's your fucking
life who am I to judge I believe it's
important to encourage women to
negotiate because women are so scared of
negotiating they go to the swap meet and
they get the worst prices yeah whatever
if they want to negotiate I don't
understand why we have to encourage them
like if a girls like no that seems like
a fair price err yeah that seems like a
fair salary if you be like no you have
to fight tooth and nail to get something
you don't deserve so I don't know how I
feel about that one again because no
nuance I believe Jennifer Lawrence
should earn as much as her female
co-stars there's nuance in that I also
don't like Jennifer Lawrence I don't
like her beliefs I don't like her
censorship values I don't like the fact
that she prides herself on being not a
size zero while still not being
overweight and kind of making the people
who are actually overweight feel bad
because she's talking about being a fat
actress oh I hate all that shit and so
you know whatever I don't think she
should earn anything it is she doing the
exact same stuff with the exact same
reception I mean she's making so much
money she's like the top aide female
actress in Hollywood right now like what
the fuck yeah whatever who cares I do
not think a movie should be released
until it passes the Bechdel test I don't
know what that is we're gonna Google
that real quick I'm assuming it's
something like oh how misogynistic is
this movie shout out to the porn on my
home screen by the way oh yeah such a
misogynist I like watching beautiful
women get fucked by big dicks oh the
best Dale test asks whether a work of
fiction features at least two women who
talk to each other about something other
than a man what the fuck even stupid
than I thought no I do not think that
any kind of media should ever have to
pass any test if you want
make a movie about rape do it don't
expect it to be fucking widely received
and loved by the nation but it's fucking
fiction it's art and I don't think
anyone's creativity should be stifled I
also don't think anyone should force me
to watch something I don't like and
you're not forced so we're all good do
whatever the fuck you want with your
movie i believe all genders are entitled
to the same social and political rights
yeah social and political rights
whatever I can explain why seventy-eight
cents to the dollar is not a fully
accurate description of the gender wage
gap yes so most people who are feminists
and take this are not going to be
feminists to the fullest because they
don't understand that I believe that
women who possess certain types of
privilege or responsible for advocating
for women who don't have their level of
privilege I don't think anyone is
responsible to do anything for anyone
else I am responsible for myself if I'm
a good person I take care of the people
that I love and the people around me and
my fans and stuff but I am NOT
responsible for feeling bad about my
privilege or giving something away to
someone else to elevate them up to my
level that's communism know if I had a
daughter which I wouldn't i would not
saying that i want a son over a daughter
I just don't like children I would
encourage her to be anything she wanted
to be anything yes that that's the
fucking key word most feminists would
click this and then be like holy shit
prostitute porn star on that list of
anything or worse yet a state Oh mom yes
literally anything she wanted to be I
would make it clear to my daughter from
an early age that her identity should
never be defined by her relationship
status yeah your identity should also
never be defined by what stupid fucking
subculture you subscribe to feminists I
believe it's important to complement a
woman's intelligence over her looks
absolutely not especially of no
intelligence is present and I'm not
saying that women are stupid I'm saying
that it's really hard to ascertain
whether or not someone is intelligence
by just looking at them so obviously you
look at people more than you actually
have a heart-to-heart conversation with
the person to decide whether or not
they're intelligent so there's going to
be more compliments on looks and this is
the main idea that I perpetuated in my
fucking feel free to fat video which has
over five million views and a lot of
fucking hatred but a lot of people who
are like wow this girl smart and you
know what they said that before they
said I have nice tits which is very
clearly apparent way easier to see than
my intelligence if someone says I'm
intelligent that doesn't mean I'm ugly
if someone says I'm hot that doesn't
mean I'm
intelligent I mean to some people it
does but those people are idiots I
believe that a woman has the right to
choose what happens to her body yeah I
mean you know unless her body wants to
be outside of jail after she's just
murdered 40 people then yeah I'm
pro-abortion in an instance of sexual
assault against a female I am inclined
to believe the assaulted person is
telling the truth until proven otherwise
no oh my god unless that person has
already built up a trust with me like
that person is my mother my friend my
really really close fan that I you know
found through YouTube and I trust that
person I am not inclined to believe that
because that's not how the justice
system works if I hear some random bitch
over in some other fucking state said
that she got raped I'm not just gonna be
like yeah go bitch she's not lying women
never lie men always lie no I'm gonna
fucking look at the evidence and I'm not
really gonna form a solid opinion where
I attack one side or the other because
I'm not the fucking justice system
innocent until proven guilty it's
unfortunate the rape is hard to prove
but it needs to be proven before you
ruin the life of a guy I can explain
Marlene Dietrich's influence on women's
fashion nope I know what a bad feminist
is all of them I believe that women
should be able to dress however they
want without it dictating how they are
treated by society I agree to an extent
ok so i agree enough to click the button
but at the same time you decide to dress
a certain way and society will always
perceive you a certain way for it i love
my body so much and I love working hard
on it and I love the clothes that I wear
so much that I'm okay with the obvious
stereotyping that's going to happen with
me where people are gonna be like she's
stupid she's only in her for attention
she's showing boobs for clickbait all
that shit I'm okay with because I'm so
secure with myself and because I care so
much to be myself but a lot of people
who are looking for a job they have to
understand that they can't dress a
certain way if they want to fit into
society thankfully I'm kind of on the
outskirts of society being so reclusive
and having a job like YouTube where I
can be whoever I want but I think if
you're walking down the street and
you're dressed like a slut or your dress
like a businessman it doesn't matter you
still have the basic human rights so in
that sense yes you should be treated
equally or the same or whatever the fuck
but when it comes to people making
assumptions based on how you look that's
just human nature and to tell of whether
or not that person who's judging is a
good /
is whether or not they just hold those
instant instincts about a person forever
or if they actually have the
open-mindedness to change their mind if
new evidence is presented like let's say
you look at me and you're like this
fucking whore is so stupid she's a slut
and then I tell you about fucking
quantum physics or something you can't
keep thinking I'm a slut and stupid you
have to now like shift your opinion and
it's fine to have those preconceived
notions I don't fall to people who come
into my youtube channel and say she I
thought she was a dumb bimbo and now I
think she is you know a cool chick or
whatever it makes sense I immediately
think something about a person based on
their looks but if they show me that
they're contrary to that I changed my
opinion I have never said that a woman
asked for it I've probably made many
jokes to that effect but never seriously
no so I'm offended by catcalling not at
all I think it's kind of tacky and
obviously you're probably not going to
get a good response from that and if you
do get a good response is probably a
hooker or someone with a disease because
that's how our society is or me and
you're just like really hot like you're
like the buffest dude every I can't
bebek come over here I'm like but like
someone finds you attractive why were
you so offended at that I don't
understand it's fine to object with the
way it's done but in essence is just a
harmless compliment I don't think women
should get VIP treatment at nightclubs
and bars just for being women um I think
it's fine because they're the minority
and they want more of the minority to
come in so like ladies night is good
because they don't want it to be a
sausage fest I think it's just marketing
I think when you go out to a club women
more often aren't looking for a mate so
men have to try harder to get a mate so
they do the free drinks thing and then
if women decide and consents to doing
that I think that's fine so I think it's
fine I don't have a problem with it
there are things that are harder for men
and things that are harder for women and
if anything I would choose that it's
harder for men in society but you guys
know I already have that opinion I think
police brutality and its correlation
with race is a feminist issue no it's an
egalitarian issue or it's a fucking
justice system issue it is not your
little fucking niche group who fucking
cares about the bodies of supermodels
not your issue why did I click it I'm
doing that drunk thing again I think we
should stop promoting models as the
ideal female body type if someone is
promoting like this gaunt skinny
scary-looking girl who's been
photoshopped as the ideal I think we
should raise our kids to see that that's
unhealthy which
raise our kids with knowing what's
healthy and what's not and the fact that
society is going to see something that
isn't them attractive we need to teach
them to deal with that we need to teach
them to have a high self-esteem and to
love themselves no matter what society
says because there's going to be
portions of the world that are not like
you that are praised or degraded you
can't just base your self-worth on what
other people think and I think it's so
ridiculous how people want to censor
certain things that they find harmful
when really you need to just be taught
how to deal with it because you can't
change the bad people in the society or
the psychos in society or the way
marketing works and no I don't think
there's anything wrong with especially
when they're fit and they're beautiful
and they're thin I don't think there's
anything wrong with perpetuating that as
the ideal female body type in Western
society at this particular moment if
you're not that and you want to be that
and it's not just society telling you to
be that become that if you can't become
that love yourself for your own strength
just because you don't have the hottest
body that doesn't make you less of a
person and people act like it's the
society that's superficial but really
it's them because they're basing their
self-worth on what they look like
according to society I think we should
stop photoshopping women's bodies in the
media no I think Photoshop can be a nice
way to correct certain little things
that make things look worse as a model I
have always put things in my portfolio
that showed me exactly as I am I don't
like nip and tuck parts of my body
because I want people who hire me to
know exactly what I look like and that's
what Polaroids are for where people ask
you to take just like a quick picture
from all sides to know what you look
like exactly before they hire you but
when it comes to something that is
supposed to be beautiful and supposed to
look good it's a work of art why the
fuck should we have to go with what is a
hundred percent natural like that's the
best thing it's it's just stupid I like
the way photoshopping on women's bodies
look but that doesn't mean that when I
have a blemish or a freckle I'm gonna go
kill myself because I know that that's
what it is it's photoshopping I have
never called a woman basi I have never
called a woman basi simply because i
think that the word bossy is stupid I
definitely have called a woman bitchy a
cunt and all the other fucking words in
the dictionary they don't mean anything
and I have no problem with the fact that
men are assholes and women are bitchy
and if you call
a woman an asshole it kind of sounds
weird it's not because of sexism it's
just because that's the wording that's
like saying her story instead of history
just because you want to be more
politically correct or some stupid shit
when you're talking about Joan of Arc
stop word policing and stop giving a
shit about things like that I think
company should offer more child-friendly
time and programs to women who are
having children I do not I think what
they are legally offered is good enough
I think you should have to think about
that if you want to be a career centered
person you should definitely not worry
about having kids at that moment you
need to like have your own priorities in
order and I don't think society or your
fucking boss should have to deal with
that for you I believe that a woman
should be offered the same opportunities
for promotion as her male co-workers I
do the same opportunities not just
handed to her because she's a woman I
believe that if a woman wants to pay on
a date her date should let her fuck yeah
free money I don't understand why that
would be a problem like maybe he does
have some kind of issue with women if he
doesn't want free money so bad that it's
like hurting his masculinity if he
allows another person to pay I believe
that women should have easy access to
birth control I do I've had easy access
to birth control since I was like 14
years old I've loved the fact that
exists I think it's very important to
teach kids about their sexual
reproductive organs reproductive health
how to not get pregnant if they do
decide to have sex but the waiting is
probably a good idea unless they're
actually ready for it it's a
case-by-case basis and I do believe that
birth control should be really easy to
get I believe that in a relationship the
domestic duties should be shared I do
not believe that should should ever
enter into my mind when I'm thinking
about someone else's relationship I
think you should do whatever the fuck
you want with your relationship the
domestic duties can be all in the guy
all on the woman or you know you guys
can just live in squalor I don't give a
fuck I think a couple should have equal
responsibility over the aesthetic and
cleanliness of their home what the
fuck's should like you telling people
how they should live it's insane to me I
believe that men should be encouraged to
be involved and make choices in the
wedding planning process guys mostly are
allowed to they just don't want to
because those types of things aren't
interesting to them and they're not
getting married because they want that
perfect day or that perfect dress or
whatever so encouraged if they want to
they should be able to if they don't
want to they shouldn't be pushed to but
just like with the other ones with
encouraging women who want to or don't
want to
i'm just gonna click it because i do
believe that you know it's good help in
the wedding planning process why not i
believe that men and women i have the
same emotional strength what is
emotional strength the strength in
emotions is that it makes you feel the
world differently and you have like a
better time because you know the highs
and the lows of the world but emotions
generally are a flaw they're a weakness
to me it's it's the absence of logic and
I believe that men are often more
logical because of the way their brains
wired over women who are more emotional
because they are genetically predisposed
to having to be the one that raises the
kids and be the bearer of the kids so
emotional strength I don't know that is
so probably not because men and women
deal with emotions differently not to
say that there aren't a lot of emotional
men or that's wrong it's just like a
fact I do not think that is the
responsibility of a man to protect a
woman physically I think that it is not
the responsibility of anyone to stick
their neck out for anyone else if they
don't want to and I don't believe it's
the responsibility to society to not
judge them if they decide to not help
the weaker being but women are as i said
before genetically the weaker of the two
genders and if a woman is in trouble and
a man is much bigger and has the means
to protect and it's not like a
life-or-death situation where he could
just be like hey man stop hitting her
with your fists not like a shooting
situation i believe that it would be
nice in my opinion for him to step in
and help but if it puts him in danger if
he doesn't want to or if it's not his
business I don't believe that it's his
responsibility at all no I don't believe
it's anyone's responsibility to protect
anyone else if they don't want to and if
a guy is not protecting his girlfriend
his girlfriend has the right to break up
with it I believe that men and women
should be equally encouraged to express
their emotions equal encouraged yeah
sure if they have those emotions or if
they feel like expressing them I feel
like they should be able to I have never
asked a woman why she does not have
children I have because there are people
who seem like they would be good
caretakers and the fact that this is on
a feminist test like if you have asked
someone that you're a fucking piece of
shit misogynistic sexist I think that's
ridiculous and it's just another fucking
way that people get triggered over
nothing literally if I see a woman who
is good with taking care of her dogs I'm
like why didn't you have children i'm
curious you're my best friend you can
tell me anything and that's like totally
different than just being like a bitch
why you not having kids you 40 you're
gonna fucking dry up soon it can't
believe that they don't take into
account than you wants and it's so
stupid and it's not just this test I get
that this is like a for fun test
whatever this is actually how feminist
see these issues it's ridiculous I would
be equally excited to have a son or
daughter yeah zero excitement from both
ends I think American workplace culture
is often not structured in a way that is
helpful or encouraging to women
succeeding no I don't believe that I
think women have a responsibility to
help and encourage other women to pursue
their goals I don't believe any woman
has a responsibility to do fucking
anything they don't want to do unless it
is a law to do so I think women are
equally capable to men to be the
president of the United States that's
debatable I honestly don't know I think
that there are women that would
definitely be equally as capable to some
men but in like the broad spectrum of
things I don't know does the emotional
aspect play a part is that a strength or
weakness i don't know maybe women are
more capable Who am I to fucking say
that I don't have the statistics so I
don't fucking know and I'm not going to
click this I believe that women have no
responsibility to make a conscious
effort to always be friendly and polite
why the fuck are there so many things
saying what people should and shouldn't
do but then just the the basic being
friendly and polite is not something
that we should as feminists believe like
what the fuck this is ridiculous it's
one-sided it's got an agenda and a
narrative that I don't believe in and
she's fucking ridiculous I believe this
yeah nobody has a responsibility to be
nice or polite I'm often not nice or
polite if I don't feel that I want to be
or that that person deserves me to be
and I don't feel like that's a gender
thing at all I have never criticized a
woman for not wearing makeup or wearing
too much makeup criticized ok so I've
definitely said you would look really
pretty if you got your eyelashes done or
he/she would be really pretty if she
didn't have that like white makeup on
her lips and went with a more like
natural color or something it's not me
criticizing that person it's me telling
them my preferences if that makes any
sense I definitely have open to people
being like I would rather you not tan I
would like you better you would be
hotter if you had smaller boobs that's
your opinion and you're entitled to it
because I'm a public figure I'm allowed
you know that kind of criticism from all
the people who feel like giving me that
criticism and I have no problem with it
i'll just be like nah not my thing or
yeah that's interesting i'll check it
out i don't see why people take so much
offense to you know just saying hey you
would look hotter or you would look less
hot if you did this thing like that's
just a personal preference take it or
leave it I believe a woman is a woman
and if that is what she calls herself
regardless of her physical attributes
and makeup okay so I believe that you
should be whatever the fuck he wants I
also believe that people get so caught
up in this they don't tell their doctors
that they're like a pre-op or post-op
like transgender and that can cause
problems because we're different
anatomically based on how we were born
and like what part of the process you're
in when you're taking hormones I think
all of that is relevant to health care
but when it comes to like what I call
you or what I see you as like it's up to
me to make my opinion about you and it's
up to you to tell me what you think and
if I accidentally use the wrong pronoun
and that triggers you forever you have
the right to not be my friend show me my
results you checked out 25 out of 50 on
this list you are pretty woke pretty
woke and definitely try to stay informed
about what's going on the world of
feminism and how you can make it better
what is there like a bad if I did none
of these would it even tell me anything
let's see what happens if i click none
of them okay let's click one I can
explain why seventy-eight cents on the
dollar is not an accurate description of
the wage gap oh you know your fair share
one you know your fair share about them
it so this is like just trying to like
jerk you off to make you think that
feminists are nice when all these
questions are clearly loaded agenda
whoring awfulness like this is just the
worst shit ever I had fun talking about
these issues though it's not like I'm
not mad I just really enjoy talking
about these things based on my
philosophies or how I live my life and
my ideologies and I think it's really
interesting to refute a lot of these
things because it's so easy to do so and
because it's so interesting to do so and
I want to keep the discussion open so if
you guys have any thoughts on what I
said or any rebuttals on anything if you
don't agree with me please post in the
comments I always welcome criticism
especially if it's constructive and if
you like this video and you want to see
more of these things like literally like
the video because that will help me know
whether or not I want to keep doing
these things I actually have a really
cool anti-feminist video that is going
to be easy to do but it's gonna be
really comedic and I want to do it but
if you guys don't want to see it I won't
do it so like the video subscribe to
channel if you enjoyed I will see you
guys next time bye bye
