hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail I'm going to jump
right into it because I have one hour to
get this uploaded which is an impossible
impossible task but I'm going to try and
get it uploaded before 10 p.m. when it's
supposed to be up at 7 so let's go ahead
and do this our winner of last week's
contest winning the steam game of any
choice was Juan gee congratulations Juan
gee I love you and he decided that he
wanted the steam game and Deus Ex
mankind divided and I was able to
deliver if you guys want to sign up for
this week's contest to go ahead and do
so the link will be in the description
also the straw poll will be in the
description choosing which item you want
me to give away there's always three
choices there's an autographed 8 by 10
there is a piece of my merch from the
merch store scream gear calm slash Sarah
Babcock or you can get any steam game
you want on Steam except for csgo
because for some reason I can't gifts
csgo probably has something to do with
the csgo lotto or something I don't know
anyway this is the second day of me
wearing these braids and I'm still
wearing them even though they are frizzy
as fuck because I think they're adorable
and I cannot do french braids on myself
so fuck you you're gonna talk about how
stupid my hair looks please do talk
about how awesome the new color looks
though you can thank my patrons for this
I reached a certain goal asked them to
choose what they wanted me to do and
they said red tips but I turned it into
fire tips with a little bit of the
orange going into the red and stuff and
I fucking love it it's amazing alright
no more of that let's get into this
we've got a tiny little envelope here
I'm gonna open it it is from I don't
know what custom service like aren't all
services
somewhat custom I'm just gonna rip it
open cuz I'm awesome
Oh what's with the guitar Pig oh my god
it's from spider
okay so spider is someone I support on
patreon and he's a fuckin badass spider
says thanks for being awesome
I hope this arrives ok this is my first
time sending my pic to someone I don't
personally know I appreciate it I don't
have any cool guitar picks I just have
like a standard one that came with my
other guitar and I'm hoping that I soon
get a bass guitar which is kind of moot
because I don't think you use picks on a
bass guitar you just kind of dum-dum
when I got the nails for it you know
I've always wanted to learn how to play
the bass guitar
but alas at this moment I am a noob
maybe you can teach me anyway thank you
so much I'm gonna put his link in the
description if you want to check him out
got a spider on it I don't know if you
guys can see I'll post a picture of it
his covers are amazing you have to check
them out
next we've got this item from China it
has packing information on both sides
there it is I've got my doohickey oh my
god does it have a package inside of it
what is this
it's a package inside of a package they
could have just shipped to this I'm so
sad and I just oh my god it's the
package of a bunch of fucking pasties
you guys alright which one should be put
into my shirt oh my god they have like
flowers but they also have like tassels
we got to put the tasseled ones in there
for sure there's another set of flowered
tassels here is this cool like bull's
eye like Target looking tassels that
they match my hair so we're gonna do
those as well
there we go and then we've got some lacy
little hearts and some lacy black ones
these are hot is there any information
the packaging nope well whoever sent
this to me thank you so much you are a
fuckin badass I really appreciate it my
nipples appreciate you greatly you are
fuckin awesome muah oh oh you're good
here again you didn't have to he got me
the fucking leggings the pokeball
leggings oh this is awesome I really
want to put these on but it is so
fucking hot should I put them on anyway
should I do it alright fine we'll do it
we'll do it I love the way that they
look but I hated their high rise I like
high rise jeans in the whole like tight
mom jeans thing that's in right now
but I kind of don't like high rise
leggings but either way I can just put
like a cute shirt over it definitely
comfortable a little too hot for the
moment but I'm gonna keep them on anyway
because ok mom thank you you're gonna
hear about us next we've got this
package ah it was a package ah a gift
for you I know you have a million
Pacey's now but pink love Demi Demi you
silly oh my gosh hahaha this is the best
one
oh they're fuzzy and pink I've like got
like pink chewbacca nipples if I wear
these these are awesome
Demi I love you so much I have an
infinite supply of pasties now like if I
was too pasty every day I would not even
need to buy anymore tastings in order to
further my pace teenis
because I'm so damn paced because I need
oh my god she put a feather in her hair
oh this is so great I want to stick
these to my like actual cheeks like then
I could I look like a Pikachu right
let's check them up here there we go
I've got the the flamingos tits going on
Emma you're beautiful wonderful amazing
sexy and the best and I thank you so
much for getting me my favorite Pacey so
far also she got me the seashell ones
well at least one of the pairs of
seashell ones I do like that shit all
right we've got another package here it
is from Abby M oh is it anthrax it's not
anthrax
I was hoping for anthrax ad me what the
fuck it's like cute little stationery I
think with Ninja Turtle stickers on it
and that's awesome oh my god hi Tara
can read happy knows I can read oh my
god I'll start by saying I would have
colored the other side of this letter
but I must admit I am lazy as fuck I
understand that when I first started
watching your videos my boyfriend would
say you're watching that chick again and
now he can't stop watching them with me
oh that's cute well I'm sure the tits
don't have anything to do with that but
really they are great he liked watching
your Dark Souls videos he would always
get pissed because he couldn't get past
some of the parts that you did ladies is
pimps two respects if you're looking for
a new game to play try seven days to die
I've heard about the game and I've been
thinking about it but now that you're
telling me I'm totally gonna do it
birdie and I play it it's a lot of fun
that we do end up screaming at each
other most of the time raging is healthy
let it out just like my merch thank you
I love this we also listen to the same
music as you we just went to a Lamb of
God concert in June I'm so jealous
anywho we hadn't heard of pain of
salvation before and now we can't stop
listening so thank you for that oh
that's awesome that's something from my
fucking favorites video I love hearing
that I love hearing that one of you guys
listen to some music that I recommend it
or washed a porn star whatever not
washed watched we did agree that piccolo
is the best DBZ character yeah it would
be rad if you wrote us back handwritten
letters are the best oh god I will try
but I always forget every time someone
asks me I'm like fuck at least I'll try
to draw you something keep slaying bitch
love Abby and Brodie PS sorry about my
scribbles and lack of capitalization her
handwriting is actually pretty good also
the Ninja Turtle stickers so perfect
follow me on insta a BB III da
Elya abid ali abid ali i'm gonna post
that link in the description and i'm
also gonna be following her on instagram
obviously thank you baby okay so she
sent me some stuff past these onto
rubber tongue feel like he may need them
what is this oh god oh my god
burn relief gel for rubber tongue that's
hilarious
avi you're so creative you send me a
pack of magic cards Oh what are these Oh
Dragon Ball Z cards that's even better
ah and this is Mighty Morphin Power
Rangers the movie cards oh my god we
have to open these right now but first
let's look at all the other stuff we've
got this a bitch got a glow what is this
oh my god did you send me the fucking
the NYX shit that I wanted liquid
illumination by NYX I've been wanting to
try this for a while
thank you I love when girls send me shit
because they send me girly stuff and
really cool stuff so it's like a
combination of both of the things that I
like alright and the last thing before I
open D cards is this we don't have our
3d s anymore and we remember you saying
Street Fighter is one of your favorite
games so we wanted you to have it oh I
guess I shouldn't take all the credit it
was our 30s this one is actually colored
she colored something for me hard to get
it out there we go I love it it's like a
fucking high as fuck cone of ice cream
look at this bitch's eyes you know she
is high as fuck I love it it's so pretty
if you guys ever want to draw me
something but you suck at drawing you
can always color me something thank you
happy
Street Fighter for Super 3d s edition oh
um I have never played this on 3ds I
really didn't even know it existed on
3ds it's interesting I have it on Steam
but I'm excited to see what the 3ds
version is like can you like play it
with other people who have a 3ds thank
you baby this is amazing alright let's
open these cards all right so we've got
pesky barage orange clearing blasts red
bribe sideways card orange orange energy
deflection namekian right elbow y'all
taking the Megane right I'll Bernard I
mean that sounds like a sex position or
something or like a sex pote like you
know went like a donkey punch type thing
it's like a donkey punch type thing I'm
gonna give that bitch the namekian right
elbow mmm alright
number two I don't know how valuable any
of these cards are if they are I the
only card game I ever played is Pokemon
when I was younger and Magic the
Gathering right now up the last couple
years all right
pesky barrage orange clearing blasts
black easy block black sidestep blue
clash does this set have foils in it
alright now we're gonna open up our
entry point casting call real name
amy-jo Johnson Lackey Charms yellow
ranger no one feels out the yellow
ranger suit like Aisha hey this is kind
of cringy but awesome truth seeker and
this is upside down what the fuck they
put one in there upside down how do you
even booths down kids listen intently to
Fred's inspirational speech and then
heads up unable to morph into a Power
Ranger Kimberly prepares for a showdown
with the Tengu warriors armed only with
their gymnastic skills as her defense
also tits you guys are so cool for
sending me all this shit I love it oh my
god I actually want to send the burn gel
to rubber tongue I really do anyway Abby
and Brody you guys have made my day I
hope this video makes you guys feel a
little bit better too now that you're
feeling bad just you know better than
good you know I'm saying what kiss for
both of you we've got a box sofa doesn't
have any cocks oh my god I just dropped
it I actually do hope it has cops
because cocks make the world go round
Kooks don't do it oh we got some spunk
hi misty have some fun wink wink from
Nathan Nathan Nathan Nathan MCs I'm
gonna call you because you have like a
give like a middle name or like a
hyphenated first name make the emcee
makes you sound like way cooler I put
this on my wish list cuz I wanted to try
it as a personal lubricant and because I
thought it was just hilarious
this is what Trisha Paytas used in her
hundred layers of cum video I don't find
that disgusting I don't know why people
do I actually find it interesting and if
it wasn't received with so much hate and
it made more sense to make a whole video
doing that I totally would but since its
kind of pointless we're just gonna try
it now oh my god actually does it does
look like jizz it literally does look
like jizz if you guys can see that what
I have on my wrist I have a fucking
ninja turtle on my wrist
all right so we're just gonna like rub
it into our skin this is our skin
collectively my skin is your skin we're
gonna rub this into my skin okay so when
rubbed into skin it definitely rubs in
much easier than jizz it's clearly not
jizz just like this would be great for
like a cam girl oh it actually feels
kind of good in this heat oh my god well
there you have it you know maybe I'll do
something fun with this since her video
didn't get flagged maybe there's
something I can do that would be fun on
this channel that isn't just like
putting thousands of layers of cum on my
face because I have a feeling that she
can get away with it but I'll have an
account suspension so we're not gonna do
that at least until my other strike
wears off thank you so much Nathan I've
been wanting to try this and I'm excited
that I have it now yes I got a whole
bottle artificial spunk oh no my nipples
falling off whatever would I do
we've got a lot of stuff this week you
guys are awesome no no I'm getting
better at like closing it before I put
it back we've got our Ultra Ball this is
so cute I want to throw it at the camera
so we're gonna emulate throwing it at
the camera oh I choose having higher
odds of catching you random viewer cuz
you are so wonderful hi misty catch the
mall of style enjoy from Nathan MC on
Nathan you didn't have to
I love plushies and now I have plushy
pokeballs like it's just the fucking
best you guys quoi Platt mm thank Nathan
I'm pretty sure these are the sex toys
that I needed for my video for my sex ed
video because I'm gonna be making a
video of this for sex ed if you want to
watch watch my sex ed video oh yeah
we're gonna fucking I have this thing
still in my hair what the hell there we
go we're gonna actually trying out that
vibrator which will be cool then we've
got this this is definitely a plushie I
think we're gonna have to attack it with
this so I just hope I don't wreck it oh
my god oh it's a Pokeball pillow oh it's
so comfy I don't know what I'm doing oh
this is really awesome though
thank you Lord Houdini you are a
wondrous splendiferous fucking person
and I really appreciate you going out of
the way to make my streams and
everything that I do so special I hope
you have an amazing weekend you're just
awesome and I hope you went
in the giveaways by the way guys don't
forget sign up for the giveaway link in
the description there's so many ways to
sign up and get entries giveaways weekly
I'm actually gonna keep that in my lap
because it's comfy the spunk actually
smells really good and now it's like
dissolved into my skin except for like
right here it's not that big of a deal
but like real spunk when you like try to
rub it into your skin because yes I've
done that um it like balls up you know
it gets like hard in some areas and then
it doesn't feel good and it's not this
damn it master ball - oh I'm assuming
this is also from Nathan no it's not
from Nathan hi Tara just found your blog
recently and you do a great job I will
email you on your website in the next
few days I'm on holidays just wanted to
share some thoughts positively anyway
keep up the good work
greetings from Austria Jurgen thank you
you're again it's a masked ball it's a
master ball gonna messed up baked you
into my master ball
I'm a master baiter in League of Legends
you know I love it it's fucking amazing
oh it goes great with my actual master
balls that open up that I got last time
Oh jörgen you are fucking bad-ass did
you send this to me to catch me ah I
need to like not play with this I don't
want to be caught and oh my god it's so
hot I'm delirious yes yes yes still yes
what is this alright this is the rabbit
vibrator that I'm gonna be reviewing so
you don't get to see that either sorry
guys and then this is more stuff I'm
gonna be reviewing I think so maybe not
oh yes it's another rechargeable dildo
sorry guys but this is gonna be legit I
am sure we've got a package oh it's
probably not legit oh my god do we have
more vibrators we have more by bears
vibrator alright I have a stack of like
15 vibrators I'm gonna be reviewing over
there
this is cute so we've got five five
polar bears and one pretty flower I
really like this envelope let's open it
and see what's in it looks like there's
a letter what is this oh my god so
drawing okay so there's a card card
looks like this tear
hi cutie thank you for the shoutout I
almost died and/or squealed super loud
and or you're amazing no you are ha keep
creating amazing content being a badass
who doesn't take shit for people nothing
but love light and dayz elite and dayz
lead and dayz that's how you say it I'm
sorry baby girl I'll be posting our link
in the description she's a badass and
she looks like she drew me something oh
shit
sex ed with Terrell that is awesome
you're so talented dude like I love this
shit I want more people to draw me being
sexy and doing sexy things because
that's like my favorite shit in the
whole world also this is relevant to the
YouTube channel which is awesome this is
Layton Daisy down at the bottom
sex ed with Tara well I got a lot of
stuff for sex ed with Tara today so this
is kind of topical thank you baby you
are beautiful you should follow her link
in the description okay if this is
another sex toy I'm gonna anally rape a
billion penguins while they are sleeping
and then kill all of the Eskimos living
near them yes it doesn't look like it is
it's a big-ass package and it has this
little thing here hi Tara I plan on
filling up your Nintendo couch have an
awesome day to enjoy your gifts from
Calvin Oh oh my god stuff for the
Nintendo couch I am so excited you do
not have to do this seriously like this
is so amazing
this is beyond the best thing oh my god
you guys have to see this get open
get the fuck open bags Yoshi oh it's a
fuzzy ass big ass Yoshi look at him
uh-huh
I love it I love it so much thank you
Calvin you are everything that is what
it is he's gonna fill up my Nintendo
couch and by Philip you mean overfill
because it's pretty filled up as it is
he's so soft it's like the softest Yoshi
in all the land
100% sure I have the statistics for this
just look at his asshole look at it
spread it wide for you Yoshi asshole
thank you so much guys you are amazing
don't forget to sign up for the giveaway
where I try my best to give back to you
guys every week and I just hope you have
an amazing weekend I have to go edit the
shit out of this which is going to take
a lot longer than I wanted to but I want
to make sure I get it up tonight because
it's supposed to be up tonight I didn't
have the sex setup because I didn't have
these sex toys that I needed to review
and
she's been really stressful this week
lots of things going on had to take Jays
car in today so my dad took me to go get
all these boxes and that took a little
bit longer than expected
so sorry that it's late also let me know
what you think of the new hair I can't
wait to get it out of the braids wash it
a little bit see how much it bleeds see
how much it bleeds hahaha and I will see
you next week with a new Friday night
mail oh one of my favorite series is is
is because I get to interact with you
guys
giveaway to you guys and I feel
profoundly humbled by how amazing you
guys are to me and how many things you
send me and how you contribute to my
Nintendo couch my game collection just
everything like I have so many more
collectibles now that I've started to
bring and it's a dream it really is
thank you so much you guys are just
amazing there were so many of you this
week seriously Wow family grateful
anyway see you guys in this weekend's
videos mwah bye guys
