hey motherfuckers and welcome to this
month's episode of my fucking favorites
it's August 2016 if you didn't know what
month it is it's okay I can be guilty of
that too
hashtag youtuber problems I don't know a
fucking day of the week it is just
kidding I take my upload schedule pretty
seriously so as you guys know my fucking
favorites videos include everything from
porn stars and sex positions to girly
stuff in movies music and things like
that I'm a very well-rounded girl if I
don't make the joke someone in the
comments will anyway this month as
always we're going to start with sex
position okay so this is kind of hard to
explain right imagine that I am the guy
right and then a girl puts her legs like
this where this is her knees on either
side of me with her legs up puts her
pussy on my dick and then bends forward
and puts her hands on the ground and
just fucking like torques it on the dick
that's my favorite sex position of the
month I love doing that position it's a
lot easier than it looks
which gives me brownie points and it's
really easy for me to just like that's
what I do on the dick just like bounce
my ass up and down it's really great for
ass lovers the only problem with it is
it doesn't work for anal the angles just
all wrong but if you guys haven't tried
that out you definitely showed it's kind
of like a sitting down lazy man's
wheelbarrow and if you can't tell I just
ranted about hot weather so I'm losing
my voice sorry
next is the pornstar category and I
promised you guys this month we talked
about a porn star who has an exceptional
face and I think the best face in the
game is Samantha st. she doesn't really
have the best boobs and sometimes she
has a little out of shape looking body
I mean it's overall pretty hot but her
face is just gorgeous all the
proportions are there everything is
symmetrical she does her makeup
beautifully she looks good and either a
smoky eye or minimal makeup she looks
great with it like natural colored
blonde hair which I could never pull off
that's why I lightened it to platinum
and I love watching her take a dick
usually something I detest and porn is
when they like focus really closely with
a fish angle lens on the face when
they're like doing the cum shot and
stuff and then the face is like really
gross that the girl has bad teeth or
like a big nose or like really shoddy
looking makeup Samantha Saint is always
on point and I did not mind that angle
with her and because she's so beautiful
you think that she could have done
fucking anything in the entertainment
industry but she chose porn which means
she likes sex that girl you know she's
dirty
alright so for the game of the month I
have quite a few and there's gonna be
quite a few it'll
these categories this month because I've
just enjoyed a bunch of really amazing
media so telltale Batman really good
game really fun the controls are kind of
off a little bit but I'm enjoying
playing it and I have a series on my
gaming channel so if you want to check
that out youtube.com slash Tara Babcock
games I upload a new episode of Batman
every Tuesday and then yandere simulator
I think that's how you pronounce it I
used to call it handy or simulator and
then someone's like it's a yandere which
is basically like a girl who seems sweet
on the outside but she's like sadistic
and evil and misanthropic on the inside
and has no emotions and therefore when
she falls for a guy she falls for him
really hard and turns out to be a psycho
so yeah the game is unfinished I think
it's like an alpha or something but it's
really fun and a lot of youtubers are
playing it so I decided to try it and
you basically run around is this like
hot anime girl killing other girls
because you have senpai which is your
crush the only person you like and you
also go around taking pictures of girls
panties which is cool the next game we
have which is the game I'm playing off
camera is until dawn it's a ps4 game and
I think it's fucking amazing I wish it
wasn't only on ps4 so I could play it
for you guys
it's an illusion of choice game but it
actually feels like the choices aren't
illusion you're basically playing a
slasher game with a bunch of teenagers
and through QuickTime events and
decisions you have to choose who lives
and dies you can have all of them live
or you can have none of them live it's
actually really cool so if you guys
haven't checked that out yet you should
a lot of you guys probably have because
when I asked you guys what to play next
you guys overwhelmingly chose that one
and the last game I have for you guys
that I just finished losing my virginity
to losing my virginity is the series
where I try games for the first time on
the gaming channel youtube.com/ to the
share of aapko games its darkest dungeon
darkest dungeon looks so unique so
amazing and I can't believe I waited so
long to play it you guys were telling me
to play it a lot of people were
streaming and I just didn't get around
to playing it until now oh my god if you
haven't checked it out you should
alright let's move on to movies and TV
shows so I don't completely lose my
voice before the end of this video we
have a lot of movies and TV shows this
month ok so two shows on Netflix that I
want to give a quick mention to our
brain games and 72 cutest animals
brightenings is really interesting
because it teaches you about how your
brain works and it incorporates a lot of
optical illusions and magic tricks and
it shows you how your brain can force
you to perceive things completely
incorrectly it's really interesting and
it opens your mind to different ways
that your brain could be deceiving you
such as your memory
is really fucking interesting especially
if you're like me and you're into
psychology stranger things really good
series that's all I'm gonna say everyone
already knows Suicide Squad the movie
was okay it was amazing there wasn't
enough Joker but it made sense that
there wasn't a lot of jail courage it
was just kind of let down because I was
hoping there was a lot of Harley Quinn
Joker action also the relationship with
Harley Quinn and Joker was a little bit
too mutual except for one point where
Joker does something to kind of leave
Harley to die but it wasn't an amazing
movie overall I was expecting more but
they did set a high bar with using all
the characters that they did because
come on Suicide Squad
Harley Deadshot but one thing though
Will Smith looks fucking good in that
movie like in the beginning where they
show his body he's hot and he does not
look old like he's pretty old but he
doesn't look it next I want to talk
about the Netflix original series
between so all Netflix originals are
fucking good like the production quality
is like beyond amazing and this series
between has a new season out so we watch
that the show's premise is like
god-awful but it's still really
entertaining because of how well done it
is you've got the blonde chick form
iCarly you got some chick from Degrassi
and a few other actors that I've never
heard of before and I feel like you
might find it interesting but I
personally just don't love the show I
don't know something about it puts me
off probably because there's so many
children so it's basically about the
government trying to cover up the fact
that they gave this town pretty like
some kind of disease that makes anyone
over the age of 22 just die immediately
so the town is then run by kids and
there's a lot of problems a lot of
people shooting each other and blood and
it just like gets weird from there but I
decided to talk about it cuz it is
something that I'm watching right now
and oh my god you guys I have a book
finally I have been listening to on
audiobook
psychology of human behavior now this is
basically like a intro to psychology
course where the dude is vocalizing the
audiobook is actually a psychologist
who's teaching a course so there are
lectures rather than actually just
someone reading a book to you and I find
it intensely interesting the
distinctions between different types of
psychologists nature and nurture
naturalistic fallacies it's all
extremely interesting to me alright
moving on to music so my friend of mine
Obie aka 3x gaming turned me on to this
band and I don't even think he was
trying to turn me on to the band he just
used it in one of my shit Tara says
videos that he made I'll link that in
the description but he put this music in
my shit Tara says video and at first I
was like oh this annoying scream oh crap
and then I listened to it a little bit
more
like this thing is actually pretty good
pretty diverse they have like parts
where they sound like screamo than parts
where they chill out and then parts
where they have like solos and then
other parts where they're actually
growling like a heavy-metal band like a
really good heavy metal band with great
backup instrumentals so I'm actually
gonna put them here as my soul music
interest this month I haven't really
blessing to anything new other than the
new Lamb of God the new Amon Amarth and
that's just kind of stuff that I can
talk about any time because I just love
those bands but I like it when I
discover something new that's not
necessarily my type of music there might
be more your type of music because I
know a lot of people don't love metal
but are okay with more mainstream or
alternative rock so the band is called
white comic and my favorite songs
so far are burn it down this party is
over we'll make it out which I consider
the best song so far and this ain't the
end of me which is the one that I think
Obie used in my video why comics seems
like a really good band that I wouldn't
necessarily love because of the fact
that it's kind of scream OE but I've
just been in love with it this past
month alright so this was guy or girl I
wanna fuck is whatever the rich guy from
between just whatever hottest guy and
one of the things that I've been
watching Oh someone I want to fuck okay
the girl Jessica from until dawn the
characters in the game are heavily mo
caps like hayden Panettiere isn't it but
she's like Sam she's not Jessica
Jessica's way hotter I can actually say
that the actress who played Jessica's
really hot although I do like Jessica
style in the game better than the girl
who plays Jessica style outside of the
game she's got like these cute braids
and a really tight ass and it's hot girl
attitude but then you come to find out
in the game that she's actually kind of
insecure and very down to earth so
Jessica and the rich guy from between my
media love life has been pretty boring
lately moving on we're going to be doing
my favorite girly thing I have to this
month first thing is the loving tan to
our express deluxe bronzing mousse in
dark this is what I am using now to tan
I'm not wearing it right now I actually
just recently scrubbed it off but even
when I scrub it off or when it wears off
it doesn't get like nasty and splotchy
it's amazing it's easy to apply on my
own I was really afraid because this is
the first time I've ever self tanned and
I thought it would be like streaky and
awful and terrible I have sworn by spray
tanning using vs. bought for like years
now and this is so much better I can do
it any time it dries in 30 seconds
doesn't leave me sticky or splotchy and
then you can wash it off in two hours
how cool is that does this is the first
one I ever tried I am
willing to try other ones but I'm very
happy with this one and my second girly
favorite this month is my eyelash
extensions I'm so glad that I tried it
out I'm going in on Monday to get a more
glamour look I'm adding more in there
but I just love them oh it's so amazing
to be able to wake up look like this go
in the shower go in a pool look like
this it doesn't fucking matter you just
always have glamorous eyes and I think
the biggest distinction between a girl
without makeup and a girl with makeup is
just the eyelashes or lack thereof when
you don't have makeup like I literally
look glamorous all the time now it's
great I fucking love it I definitely
recommend finding a technician that's
actually like a certified esthetician
that knows what they're doing because I
do not see a downside okay there are a
few downsides but just not for me
you can't use oil-based eyeliner or eye
shadow you can't rub your eyes you can't
get them wet within the first 24 hours
that was all fine for me I don't think I
should be rubbing my eyes I think it's
good to get out of that habit and I
don't wear eyeliner eye shadow anyways
who cares all right and my favorite
thing of the whole month is my rage
design tank tops we just got these in
and they're fucking amazing I know I
know a little bit of self promo and it's
shameless too but fuck you this is my
channel see if you guys want to check
out my merch at scream gear calm slash
Tara Babcock the link will be in the
description and through the end of the
month if you type in YouTube 10 at
checkout you get 10% off 25 to 100
percent of my proceeds go to charity
animal based charity like ASPCA or a
local shelter and if you just hashtag
Tara Babcock March on social media I'll
retweet it repost it like it Scott like
little joysticks and fuck bitch it's my
signature
it says rage rage ease healthy let it
out I just love my merch so much I put
so much love into these designs I was
just wearing one today before I switched
over to this to not look like I'm
wearing the same thing in every video
alright guys that's it for my August
fucking favorites let me know yours are
in the comments please like the video
and subscribe if you did enjoy and I
will see you guys next month for my
September fucking favorite which
hopefully will have a lot more people
that I want to fuck
it's a deficit of hot people these days
man if you end up trying out any of the
music games books or anything that I
recommended in this video please let me
know because I love hearing that it
makes me so happy to know that you guys
are trying out different things and
experimenting just like I am because
basically my look my lifestyle what I
spend my time on it's just been
experimentation finding out what I like
and what I don't like
it's the spice of life variety is
alright guys I hope you enjoy the rest
of your month and I will see you next
month with another fucking favorites
mwah bye guys
