hey guys today we're gonna talk about a
bunch of reasons why I fucking hate hot
weather it's fucking ridiculous to me
how so many people just use the word
nice weather as the objective term for
weather over 70 degrees like literally
that is my least favorite weather my
perfect weather is a little bit of rain
kind of warm maybe like 60 degrees
overcast beautiful how can you just not
love the fitter patter of rain it's
amazing I grew up in Seattle my birthday
is in fall in Seattle where there's a
lot of rain and so maybe I'm conditioned
to think that rain and stuff is not
depressing at all but I can't imagine
weather affecting my mood like in a way
that's just like I see this weather and
now I'm sad like obviously summer
weather makes me really sad but that's
because I'm actually having adverse
effects from the heat and the brightness
and all things that entails so today if
you guys are with me please like this
video if you are one of those people
that thinks that nice weather is weather
over 70 to 100 degrees fuck you I hate
you stop perpetuating that as nice
weather it's driving me crazy
I really hope there are some of you out
there that agree with me because oh my
god it's so bad and for those of you
saying that I live in Seattle and it's
not that hot here all of the other
places that are hot air conditioning is
standard it is not standard here and I
can't even get a portable air
conditioner so I'm like fucking dying
over the summer and I cannot wait to
move it's so bad that I'm actually
moving to Vegas so that I can afford a
house with air conditioning and a pool
for like half what I'm paying for this
little apartment I can get a mansion for
the 1,800 that I'm paying every month
here
but enough about Seattle's cost of
living let's talk about heat okay so the
first thing that I think is a little bit
ridiculous and objectively bad about
heat is the fact that you are naked and
you're still overheating and sweating
and you can't take off layers of skin
but if it's cold and you're like
uncomfortably cold you can always put on
more layers of clothes like there's no
amount of cold where there isn't enough
clothes like when you go out into the
tundra or the places where only
scientists go because it's so cold it's
uninhabitable there's still an amount of
clothing that makes you not die when
going outside so even though I don't
love being freezing or having
temperatures below freezing for a few
reasons like dangerous driving hard to
walk on the sidewalk it's just a little
bit too cold you don't get to show off
your ass and a nice pair of shorts I
think there are way more reasons that
everyone should agree why summer sucks
and like I don't get it I have this
friend 300 pounds and he's like sweating
profusely and he calls it nice weather
like are you just a masochist I don't
understand so one of the reasons why I
hate hot weather is that if I'm fucking
sweating and I feel gross it doesn't
even have to do with ruining my makeup
which it does yes I have this when I'm
filming so that I don't sweat off my
fucking makeup and I don't get all
fucking shiny it doesn't even have to do
with makeup like I just feel gross even
when I'm having like a no makeup day I
just feel like dirty and I'm sweating
and I just want to shower like every
five seconds it ruins my tan it ruins my
makeup it ruins my hair my hair is like
lifeless and flat because I can't get it
do anything because there's so much
humidity in the air that it's like huh
and I just feel sticky and gross and
half like I'm swimming through this like
really humid disgusting smelly like
world and normally I'm not this negative
I just like can't stand the fact that
I'm like sitting here drenched in sweat
like I have my legs crossed right now
and I have like puddles of sweat
dripping down my legs and underneath my
bra from my boobs like fucking look at
the sweat and then I walk outside it
like blinds me in the face and I have to
like put on a bunch of fucking spray
like SPF 70 so I don't age my skin which
like immediately is just sweat off and
probably doesn't work so its aging my
skin ruining my tan and makeup ruining
my day and then the worst part about it
is that I have like big hips and thick
thighs even when I met my skinniest and
when it's cold I'm walking around and
it's nice but when I'm hot it's sticky
and my legs stick together and they like
shape it's awful
and I think I'm genetically predisposed
to being more sweaty and more gross
during the heat but that doesn't make my
point any less valid because I'm seeing
everyone sweating and they're just
walking around like yeah it's fine I'm
sweating who cares why it's like people
just want to fit in with the notion of
nice weather being hot so they walk
outside fucking gigantic thick
sunglasses so you can't even see how
pretty their eyes are they give them
fucking indents right here and then
we're like enough clothes to be legal
while still sweating their asses off I'm
like yeah it's really good it's really
nice really good I'm just gonna go to
the beach and go there oh my god so good
I do not understand it I don't
understand it and I often get like heat
stroke type headaches even when I'm like
completely
hydrated I'm constantly like really
thirsty and never hungry and then when I
eat I feel kind of gross because I'm
like ingesting things that aren't
refreshing well it's that hot so I kind
of want to go in a Rexach but then I get
a headache again and oh my god it's the
worst in my computer room I don't know
it would be better if my tower had water
cooling but the fans in my computer and
the fact that my computer gets so hot
the heat sink and it just like blows out
the fucking heat and just like the whole
room is like thirty degrees hotter than
the rest of the house and I come out
here and I have to do videos and the
fucking lights are really gigantic and
blowing in my face like hot air and then
that's like 20 degrees hotter than the
whole house and then I like open the
balcony doors to get a little fresh air
in and all I get are bugs I leave the
balcony door in the bedroom open all
night so they get the comfort of those
two hours during the night where it
actually cools off enough for me to be
comfortable before it starts heating
back up again in the morning but then
I'm waking up every thirty seconds
because I'm hearing some creepy noise
and I'm thinking that someone is robbing
me and then I wake up in the morning
there's a spider in the wall and I'm
wondering how many spiders I ate during
the night it's so hot
most of this angry rant is just me
getting a little more upset than I
should be about this and I realize
that's but I really do from the bottom
of my heart have a sweltering hatred for
hot weather I feel so gross most of the
time and so sluggish and like when I'm
out in the heat I feel so tired just
like I want to sleep and die that I
don't even want to have sex when it's
this hot me not wanting to have sex
because I feel fucking gross I've got
swamp ass swamp tits Swamp stomach swamp
legs swamp face my hair is like going
into my armpits and sticking there and
then the bottoms of the hairs are all
fucking wet and shit and it's nasty I go
out and take a walk and I get fucking
blisters in between my legs because
they're fucking sticking together when I
walk I got fat ass now picture for a
second beautiful fall weather the leaves
turning many different colors and
falling off the trees you walk outside
and it's crisp it's fresh you feel like
you're actually in taking healthy air
the Sun is out behind the clouds birds
are chirping and having a good time and
then you feel the refreshing mist a
slight amount of rainfall in your face
and you know you've hit fall and at
least for me birthday presents are
corner as well as Christmas presents and
the feeling of holiday cheer you put on
your favorite cute boots and you can
still wear a skirt cuz it's not that
cold and you take a nice walk in the
park while catching pok√©mon on your
phone while you sleep in the dark you
hear the pitter-patter of rain
rhythmically hitting at the outside of
your house so that you can sleep
peacefully and when you have sex in the
freezing cold your body actually gets a
bunch of goose bumps and looks a lot
hotter and feels a lot hotter and you
have the motivation to have he or she or
they or whoever you're having sex with
warm you up
I fucking love cold sex I love cold
everything cool drinks cold sandwiches
hard nipples come on like the video if
you agree hard nipples just that's all I
have to say just hard nipples I'm sure
there are a million other reasons why I
fucking hate hot weather but I'm gonna
leave it at that and I'm gonna see how
many of you guys agree with me and if
you guys have any opinions to refute why
I shouldn't feel this way like tell me
why I completely want to know why I do
not understand I'm actually losing my
voice can you tell why do you guys like
hot weather it cannot just be the mental
handicap the mental barrier block of you
seeing the outside brightness and being
like now like seriously do you really
just spend a hundred percent of your
time at the beach because that's like
the only time when it's even bearable in
the water at the beach skin cancer sore
eyes and oh my god I have this problem
where my feet are like so fucking hot
all the time did I actually like take
showers like cold showers right before I
go to bed just for my feet and I like
have with the cold water in between my
legs and in between my feet so I can
even sleep it's like so awesome oh and
this ranch has helps me forget how
fucking hot it is right now Oh
hope you guys enjoyed the video like the
video and subscribe if you enjoyed or at
least if you were entertained and please
post your argument in the comments why
you like the hot weather in the summer I
don't understand
bye guys hope you enjoyed
