hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of Friday night mail I'm feeling pretty
good today despite it being over 90
degrees outside and over a hundred and
ten in here
I am just feeling positive and the if
you see like sweat droplets on my face
there's sweat droplets nothing else not
saying that there's anything else that
you might assume might pop up on my face
randomly in the middle of a video but
yeah I'm not gonna lie I'm sweating like
a pig I'm even wearing a swimsuit as an
outfit granted it is a really really
good swimsuit anyway the winner of last
week's Friday night mail giveaway which
is now a weekly thing was Peter a
congratulations Peter a you sexy thing
you and the winning gift of the poll out
of the three choices was your choice of
the steam game he chose csgo for some
reason I couldn't gift people csgo so
then he chose h1z1 and I bought him the
newest update to h1z1 hope you enjoy
your game Peter we have a very different
taste in games but I was happy to oblige
you with your choice if those games make
you happy I'm happy
okay so regarding this week's giveaway
if you want to sign up for it all the
details would be in the description you
basically get your entries into the
giveaway by visiting different social
networks of mind following different
social networks being a patron being a
twitch subscriber stuff like that you
don't have to do all of them or even
half of them to enter just the more
things you do the more entries you get
and I'll also be posting this week's
straw poll in the description game of
your choice on Steam autographed image
or autographed item from my merch shop
the choice is yours
alright let's go ahead and open some
boxes but by the way I'm so happy that
I'm doing this every week now for you
guys I feel like it's a good way to give
back and just do it as many giveaways as
I possibly can so if you guys can't
afford my merch or if you guys have boys
wanted to autograph image of mine but I
don't even sell them anymore or if you
guys have just really been hoping for a
certain game and you don't have the
money to buy it
Tara's here to help one person week not
all of you anyway we finally got today's
letter she's been telling me about this
letter for a while I don't know what
took it so long probably USPS fucking me
in the ass like usual but we're gonna
open this wonderful letter and see if I
can read it to you guys out loud
and as always initially just thank you
guys so much for watching this video for
supporting my content for sending me
things you just beyond belief fact or
fiction I still love that show
howdy Tara its me and here's another
letter
where to start I guess I'll start with
how I found you I found you through your
Toby Turner video I was looking for a
non-biased experience with toby turner
from someone on youtube who knew him
first I found Jacquelyn Glen's video
then Melanie Murphy's then yours
Wow and the last choice my first
impression of you is that you're very
open sexually and hottest fuck my second
impression of you was how intelligent
you are and how well you articulate
yourself that's when I realized you're
the first woman I've ever wanted to date
or have a relationship with oh that is
so sweet I call myself a demi bisexual
because I like both sexes but can only
want to be in a relationship with
someone I have emotional connection to
here's more about me and my story back
on July 16 2009 I started my youtube
channel kitten janae aka janae our I
don't know if I can say your last name
on here I started my channel for a few
reasons one I could articulate myself
better too I wanted a place to talk
share my experiences teach some people
some new things and three I love to
entertain people with laughter and
smiles for meet new people and make new
friends it's been seven years so far and
my channel hasn't gone anywhere the
channel isn't popular and only has 249
subs well let's see if I can get her a
few more link will be in the description
which is cool but I want this to be my
career and our job because this is what
I love doing but I can't live off of
three cents I feel you ran monetizing
videos is really hard unless you're like
in the top 1% of youtubers like there's
no way I could live off of ad rep alone
even with the twitch channel when I am
streaming frequently basically YouTube
is kind of like a gateway into having
different ways to make money whether
it's sponsorships patreon working for
another channel as a host but you'll
always have your own personal YouTube
channel then you can do anything your
heart desires on and that's what I love
about it like even if you're not making
money off of that people will notice
your talent from that so don't give up
I've been feeling discouraged from
wanting to do anything with it I've been
asking myself am I good enough is my
content any good what am I doing wrong
ever since I was very young I've had
unipolar aka major depressive and a
learning / hearing disorder known as
auditory processing disorder I've made a
video about it recently because it's
different to explain what it is but I
tried when I was born I was also
diagnosed with congenital hypothyroidism
which in short is I was born without a
thyroid gland holy crap living with all
this makes life a challenge but I try my
best it's difficult to find a job or
career when you're crazy and broken oh
not broken I was really hoping I'd be a
pro youtuber but it looks like it
happen never give up like you could just
like blow up randomly you can get lucky
you can find your niche and might
completely change your channel there's
no like time frame in which you should
decide that there's no possible way that
you're gonna get there and a lot of the
people who are famous now we're not
famous because they're better than you
or successful because they're better
than you it's because they got lucky and
it doesn't necessarily mean that your
content is bad it means that you're just
not getting the reach in order for
people to decide whether or not it's
good or bad but my biggest advice is
just keep trying stay vigilant and
continue to be yourself and just improve
as much as you possibly can
also I love you my education was shit
ever since second grade apparently some
of my teachers told my mom I wasn't
smart enough to learn anything from
second grade to fourth grade I was only
doing addition subtraction and
multiplication and division work it was
until 5th grade that I started learning
science history in English when I got to
middle / - near high school I was fourth
grade levels below average I was
stressed out depressed high school was
worse and in tenth grade I dropped out
of high school after that my depression
got even worse my psych medication made
my thyroid levels off and I gained 90
pounds I weighed 320 pounds at 21 years
old Sam and you came through all of this
and you're gorgeous and you're driven
like I don't feel like this is a sob
story where people should be like oh my
god I'm so sorry you had a hard life I
feel like this has made you an amazing
person and the fact that you came
through this it's just like makes you
special you know I didn't have any
self-confidence or self-worth that all
changed when I turned 23 years old
that's when I joined karate again in
fifth and sixth grade I took modeling
and karate classes back then I was in
jeet kune do-- today I'm in a Yanagi
sheet over you and bad with pronouncing
Japanese things this knew karate I
joined was more my style
it has taught me self-control
self-respect self-confidence and
self-worth a year after I joined karate
I found a love guru
on youtube named Matthew who Zhi he
taught me self-confidence self-worth and
a lot about men and how they work I'm
very proud of Who I am today I lost 90
pounds is still going I weigh 145 pounds
and my goal weight is 130 you're so
fucking close dude I'm so jealous I
still have things I want to improve
about myself but at least I'm stronger
for living through the tough times and
coming out better exactly that's what I
was saying I'm not an addict I take care
of my mental stability and my mental
health and there's like a cute little
smiley face there my dojo khun won seek
perfection of character to be faithful
three endeavour for respect others five
refrain from violent behaviors the ten I
you
you see two Ryu resolutions I shall
never invite trouble through
uncalled-for looks remarks or actions
too I shall make every effort to smile
or talk and not fight my way out of
trivial situations three I shall never
become involved in the domestic quarrels
of my neighbors four I shall ignore the
ranting of a rowdy belligerent person
drunk or otherwise five
I shall never start a fight with a
weaker person just to assert my own
physical superiority six
I shall steer clear of all trouble prone
areas or walk away from such areas at
the first side of trouble this is cool
it's like being a samurai excuse my
ignorance seven I shall curb my
impetuousness and be extremely hesitant
in using these dangerous counters even
in my own defense eight I shall endure
rigorous training to strengthen my
spirit and body but as my strength
increases I shall seek to cultivate a
gentle heart nine I shall endeavour
through these arts to develop tolerance
patience diligence and an upright state
of mind 10 henceforth I shall train in
the arts of humility well that's it for
now I'll be writing to you again soon
love tane aka King Jame on all my social
medias yes when you have the time would
you let me know what you think of my
channel and content would really
appreciate it shameless plug absolutely
and no shame in it I'm gonna put it in
the description so if you guys want to
check it out she has a really
interesting life just like a mod on all
of my things including discord and
twitch but admittedly I just haven't had
the time to like go through all of her
stuff so I'm really excited to do so and
now that she's told me more about it and
her struggles and her desires I'm
excited and so thank you so much tonight
you're amazing and gorgeous and
beautiful and here's a picture of her in
my merch because it looks so good
there's my shameless self promo of the
video link to my merch will be in the
description you can use a YouTube ten to
get 10% off through the end of August
which is pretty soon but I would
appreciate it if you check it out 25 to
100 percent of my proceeds go to charity
so there's that too in case just being
super stylish in my gear isn't enough to
persuade you also tits oh it's so hot
alright so we've got a box
where's my box cutter I haven't even
thought about the cutting of boxes today
open pretty little Amazon box are you so
cube guru hi Terra I know you will enjoy
these here's something else you
for your fran service friday videos on
patreon from calvin Oh Thank You Calvin
I think unless it's like gigantic butt
plug is they are these fuzzy unit
beliefs are they just winging it fuzz
Alena please I'm just fuckin it has a
top where you can just pull it apart but
I'm a fucking monster man I don't need
any of that shit yeah girl Thank You
Calvin you's a badass look at these
fuzzy pasties I have to stick them
inside my shirt right now because you
know it's important
oh this is gonna be so much fun I just
did a pasty fanservice on patreon this
week so maybe the next couple weeks
would be pasties
sorry guys who are looking for ass
anyway whoa fucking cock we have got a
box from Richard V who has amazing
fucking handwriting I'm excited let's
see what's in it uh-huh
even if it just was a box and like
nothing else was in it and it was just
like a nicely done box like a very
respectful box I would still be like wow
thank you for the gift oh my god did he
make me some pasties no way oh my god
are these are these weed leaves are they
just like really cool-looking oh this is
awesome oh this is gonna be so good it
would be funny if these aren't supposed
to be Pacey's and I'm just like I see
two things that are identical and kind
of nickel-sized in some way pasties I
Tara feel free to read out loud my name
is Ricardo I did it I sometimes randomly
will draw whoever or whatever inspires
me at the time a couple of months ago I
put a channel up on YouTube dedicated to
my art I just recently stumbled on one
of your past videos how to get out of
the friendzone and then got hooked to
the rest of your content dude I made
that video and I think it has such good
advice and it's like so well done and
it's actually topical like people care
about that shit right now
and it got so few views like compared to
my other contests just like what maybe I
need to say how to get booked instead of
being in the friend zone and then maybe
people will click on it anyway you
should check that out I'm probably gonna
post it in the description if I remember
I knew you modeled I've been a fan for
years and was so surprised to see you
had a channel and then I made the goal I
wanted to be included in one of your
Friday night mails they're so fun to see
and I guarantee you've never received a
package like this before
included is a pinup caricature of you
that can be viewed on my channel and in
the DVD that's in the package along with
some of my past comic fan art
caricature of Jay Batman sketch cards
custom-made Pacey's by yours truly
yes I do their faces and a special
surprise drawing involving two of your
favorites and I hope this okay to send
you and hope it does not offend of
course why not
I highly doubt you can offend me
especially with how awesome this package
has been so far again I draw it inspires
me thank you for the inspiration from
your past videos I know the nice guy
isn't much of a favorite but hopefully
you can make an exception this time
great card oh I just love saying it like
that I don't know why yes wait for it I
know you can't try on the pasties on
YouTube but I wonder if you might be
able to DM me on Instagram a candid sure
right out it just would be wonderful to
see one of my favorite model sporting
something I made Instagram is at our JV
arts I'll post that in the description
as well as his youtube channel also
thank you so much Ricardo let's look at
this stuff watch me draw on YouTube at
rjv underscore arts that's what he looks
like guys this looks like got a nice
beard our JB Ricardo J Vasquez
alternative slash artistic photography
and there's like information on his
model man I'll just post all of his
links in the description all right so
here's me here's the Holt and spider-man
Hulk smash this is like really really
good
here is a more manly version here as a
more chibi version I don't know you
would call it in the art world but he's
hot I like he sucks yeah yeah
here is a venom with spider-man and
spider-man is like making the leg uh
yeah a fucking rough on that was really
weird and nerdy I don't know why I was
like that so he's running and he's about
to eat spider-man who is like a cute
little chippy motherfucker and then
we've got Batman in the Joker yeah this
is really good and then you put it
kicked me sign on Batman that's amazing
here's Batman and Superman and the more
manly version the more realistic version
but still a cartoonish which is just
fucking awesome I think out of the two
right here Batman looks better because I
don't really like the way Superman's
like eyebrows are I feel like they're
kind of like a unibrow not against the
artist but more interested like personal
physical sexual level you know like most
things with me are good yeah oh favorite
one favorite one obviously because the
Hulk is fucking massive and Captain
America oh shit what's this adults humor
proceed with caution is what that thing
that fell on the ground says
dreams do come true okay so you guys
thought for a split second alright I'm
not gonna get in trouble I guess I can
like move it out of frame and show my
face in my reaction but oh my god it's
Batman fucking me Captain America is
like shocked I feel like he's shocked in
kind of a gay way like he's more
concerned about the fact that I'm
fucking Batman his boyfriend rather than
I'm being fucks kind of thing
Oh Ricardo you are a fuckin badass you
are incredibly fucking talented and no I
have not gotten a package like this
before these are amazing I need to like
frame all of these and like put them up
on the wall with the naked one being the
center of focus that would be so amazing
so we have the drawings here about cock
which is gonna be the process of him
drawing it which you can probably see on
his YouTube I haven't been there yet but
I don't know art on his YouTube he's an
amazing artist why not check it out now
we've got this little cutie pie which I
am actually getting back into magic you
guys I couldn't help myself I got a blue
red deck and it's almost complete and
I'm going to play this weekend I'm gonna
use this as a token these are clearly
tokens there's two of them and they're
in these like card protectors also this
is a caricature of Jay I just realized
and it looks fucking amazing oh my god I
can't wait to show this to him I'm gonna
go to the zoom right now actually okay
he loves it he looked at it for a little
too long and I sold it back from him
because I wasn't done with the video
it's so cute it's Jays first fan art Oh
other than me I've drawn him so many
times you guys haven't seen some of the
art I've done for him I should probably
make a video on that but this is amazing
oh my god Ricardo you are a fucking God
in the art industry and otherwise and
now in my eyes but where did my thing go
because I'm clearly dripping water from
my face all right I don't know where my
little Beauty Blender went you're gonna
have to deal with moving sweat ease fuck
all right dude we have a package from
Sean be my lover Sean be he's not
actually my lover but with how many
things he sent me I feel like he
deserves to be hit me up baby love you
Sean where did anything of mine go what
did I do
all right so this is gonna sound
retarded but I cannot find either of my
box cutters my third box cutter that
looks like kind of cool or the nice that
I carry around to protect myself in my
backpack so we've got a tiny screwdriver
because apparently my biggest flaw is
keeping track of box cutters
this is so impossible yeah we're making
progress here oh yeah all right so the
first thing I'm seeing here is the game
of nasty things warning adult content
for groups of immoral people 18 plus
dude now that I'm going and playing more
magic I have time for board games
because I'll actually be spending time
with friends this is been interesting I
got to play this on my channel can I
please on my channel things you learned
from watching porn things the first lady
won't let the president do she's won
over two hundred and fifty
inappropriately hilarious topics
everyone writes a response whatever you
want there's no right or wrong answer
here Sean I want to play with you girl
what is this a bunch of Target bags
inside Target bags Thank You Sean I did
not have enough Target bags that's what
she said game a twisted game of
innuendos they made this with me in mind
hundred percent sure hundred percent
sure welcome so that's what she said
twisty games in Windows this outrageous
party a box has players matching all
areas red set up cards to the funniest
white phrase guards I'm just fucking
this up all over the place on our
wedding night my wife said to me it's a
weird shape but I like it things you
should never say to your mom
I've room for one more so this is like
cards against humanity' these are all
like cards against humanity' type things
that might be a little bit better I
don't know we'll see and then we've got
an empty box and dirty minds the
best-selling adult party game of all
time okay so maybe the type of person
who hates it when someone reads
something dirty into everything you say
dirty minds is a game for you
shouldn't it be not the game for you
wait a minute the dirtier mind you have
the worship will be at playing dirty
minds the game of naughty clues because
all the answers are clean what this is
interesting well nothing is as dirty as
it seems that's not true it's usually
dirtier oh this is gonna be fun I cannot
wait I'm gonna be having so much fun
with this why is it 17 plus if nothing's
actually dirty thank you so much Shawn
is what I was saying before I hit my
microphone I like you know me so well
it's so awkward how well you know me
like every single one of the packages
have been things that I didn't ask for
but things that you know that I'll love
maybe one day we'll get to play these
together where do you live should do a
meet-up there I need to do meetups it
would be fun no more like
there'd be like two people but it would
be fun for me all right
oh shit we've got a replacement Goomba
with both eyebrows this school bus got
two eyebrows haha your brother has more
eyebrows than you Goomba who is
incomplete behind me you can see him
he's like right there I do love to come
but without an eyebrow though but good
boy rubber tongue for sending me another
one they can be brothers and the other
one can be a little less perfect new
Goomba quality Goomba control eyebrows
on fleek bug miner better is there a
little too bushy lastly holy shit we
have a package from the new guy did you
God you didn't have to send me something
so big what the fuck oh you didn't have
to I thought this was for Roberts mom
that's so sweet
it's crazy are you guys from the
Netherlands all have the same boxes like
I've never seen this box before other
than coming from you and I'm never
broken a nail like that before is
devastating oh fucking the new guy god
dammit you asshole
I'm so mad at you not really but still
it cuz it's not your fault but I'm still
angry Oh
letter on the bottom to keep it flat
we've got a black throws is for J and
we've got pillows okay I'm sending you
this because well because you deserve it
and if you say I don't deserve you one
time this video I'll give you a virtual
bitch-slap ok ok damn a little turned on
I'm also sending you this because I
wanted to share something with you and
the last reason cuz I love you and it's
fun not for my wallet though then stop
doing it oh and because I had one
private question ok enough intro the
thing I wanted to share with you is you
know that I think you're an awesome
wonderful lovely and etc woman etc woman
and I just wanted to say that you are
one of the very few people that I could
tell everything to even the things that
sometimes aren't fun and to be totally
honest some of the things you know of me
are things that a lot of relatives don't
even know even some things that my mom
doesn't know and I tell her almost
everything I don't know if you will see
this as a compliment but it is a really
big one of course thank you
anyway just wanted to say that and
enough about
me now the really thing I wanted to
share with you is that I'm a bit worried
about you why come on you weren't so
hard and I'm worried that you might get
a burnout because some things you say
and do sometimes sound like symptoms of
a burnout sometimes have a burnout the
new guy are tire tracks on the ground
don't know where I was going with that
also I know it's not a plushie but it's
so soft look I know you like hard things
better but hey I think you'll like those
two mm-hmm and there's a question that
I'm not allowed to read out loud but I
am allowed to give a yes or no answer Oh
fun yes yes I do want that please do
that love you baby girl
is a close relative or a very good
friend but you probably know that I do I
forgot to say this is from the new Amos
T Babcock number ones the other side
also there are some super puzzles in the
box and maybe some other candy too not
sure yet wrote this before I went to the
store fucking stroopwafels oh you guys
are garbage stop sending me through
bottles you want me to be fat yes the
printout of my final boss Veigar he did
this Photoshop for me it looks fucking
amazing I love it and he's got a little
logo now dancey or DNG that's so cute
the new guy the new guys DNG for sure
thank you today we love you mom this is
awesome and very unexpected you said you
got something for me and I thought maybe
it was gonna be something virtual but
now I have two fluffy pillow 2 fluffy
pillows so cute now I can't hear
anything a comfy new blankets ah what
happened
am i I'm still filming okay a comfy new
blankets which you know fuck you you
know how hot it is are you troubling me
I feel like you're trolling me these
things will come in handy very much so
in my two months stroopwafels and three
things of my favorite Milkha fucking
Dutch candy chocolate I love this shit
so much it's so fucking good why you do
this what I'm finally starting to lose
weights look look
finally starting to lose weights now I
have this thank you see god you're
amazing even though you know like for a
second you actually made me forget that
I just broke the shit out of my brand
new nail that I went and got done
yesterday I was like yes I'm finally
getting fills at the right time and then
I just go ahead and break the shit out
of my
sad I'm gonna whine about it for a while
and probably have to go get it done
again it's so funny cuz when I went to
get my nails done I fucked this nail up
and this nail up twice while I was just
like getting ready to leave one time and
then while I was like drying them and I
like hit the fan so the bitch is
probably really annoyed at me already
that I'm just like fucking it up so many
times now I'm gonna come in with this
she's gonna think I'm something kind of
like fucking invalid but whatever it's
worth it cuz I got some awesome shit
from you thank you so much thank you
everyone I hope you guys have fun
entering the giveaway and I hope one of
you who deserves it wins even though you
kind of all deserve it so whoever wins
it's awesome and there are more interest
to be had for people who support more
like on patreon or who just like follow
me on all the social medias so if you
don't have money don't worry about it
but I'm just happy I can give back to
you guys in a quantitative way I love
you so much
and I will see you next week to let you
know who the winner is and have another
giveaway and open some more packages as
always if you want to send me something
my address is in the description please
check out scrim gear calm slash Tara
Babcock for my merchandise follow me on
all the social medias all of my links
are in the description and I hope you
guys have a wonderful fucking day and
check out my friends who sent me things
whether it is a Riccardo ordinary or
anyone else liked a new guy whose links
will also be in the description I love
you so fucking much you guys are so
amazing thank you Sean thank you
everyone else I'm gonna stop recording
because it's so fucking hot and go and
it doesn't hopefully get it up in time
it's four o'clock now hopefully I can
get it up in time what love you guys
oh yeah and like the video and subscribe
to the channel if you want this is
fucking kidding my nose
that's a fucking sticky my lip glosses
