hey guys along to a new episode of tear
read your fucking comments even though
they're stupid and nobody should read
them but Before we jump into that I just
want to let you guys know that the five
winners have been chosen of my merch
giveaway four of which are girls this
leads me to believe that either guys
don't care about merchandise because
it's shirts and things and they're just
not into fashion or my ten percent
female viewers are way more into my
content than my male viewers either way
thank you girls
and Ian anyway one of you guys have not
responded to me yet so if you would go
back to the link for the giveaway which
I'll put down in the description and see
if you're one of the winners and then if
you are reply to me that would be nice
moving on let's get into it and this
week I actually have an email that
someone sent me because I don't only get
fucked-up comments on YouTube I also get
them to my bookings email how
appropriate not oh my god it's so hot
you guys if my face starts to slough off
it's because it's like a hundred degrees
in here with these lights let me turn
off my battery saver faggot mode there
we go now I can actually read this
without it falling asleep Tara please
read this is the header just found you
today space exclamation point you are
the most beautiful creature in the
history of the humanity damn you are
greater than God space period you are a
religion space period the goddess of
beauty in the reason the world still
exists and some people think I have an
ego
well you wonder why just kidding I
totally don't have an ego I'm a realist
bro I send you this mail from any
girlfriends account whatever that means
she will divorce me tomorrow after she
sees it but I don't care space period I
want to become the space space your
slave so that I can stare your eyes
space period I live for you space period
thank you for blessing my life become
famous so that humanity can build a
statue for you by the way stay away from
hard make up space period what is hard
makeup the makeup I have on now is a
gateway makeup to the hard makeup the
soft one really suits you anyway you are
a goddess do whatever you want that last
bit of advice I think I'll take that bit
the rest of it what the fuck is this
email Schmitt Rome says dogs and cats
are so much better than 95% of people's
face exclamation point what is this face
exclamation point bullshit I don't
understand
other than that completely agree with
you we may have evolved to be smarter
and have
cognitive abilities but we are not using
that shit for the betterment of our
humanity we're just the selfish
egotistical jealous retards for the most
part so much so that it's kind of nice
to be around animals that are just going
off with their basic instincts and if
they show you affection it's not to get
something from you I take solace in that
fact having a big dick is useless let's
say you're a good ten plus inches for
one getting that thing in and out of
your pants is gonna be a problem I
cannot even imagine being like I don't
want a big dick because getting it in
and out of my pants will be the smallest
amount of a problem and a slight
inconvenience 1% of the time terrible
point and it's not like you're gonna go
balls deep in the bitch you're probably
just gonna use five inches or so so
really what's the point exactly it's
like the whole arguments more than a
handful of boob is a waste because
there's no aesthetic value because girls
don't ever like pain because the spongy
part of the wall the cervix cannot be
extended at all
there's just no reason and here's where
he gets really defensive my dick is six
and a half and if that's not big enough
and this luck and fuck off they're
plenty with our fish in the sea yep
totally not salty that you don't have a
big dick you can totally tell when
someone is completely personally
offended by something because they named
Cole if he was dating the first half of
this argument only and didn't start
going into name-calling and just being
an asshole and putting down people that
aren't like him then I would say okay
maybe he has a point there maybe he's
actually trying to think analytically
and portray his opinion in an
intellectual way where we can have a
back and forth discussion about it and I
can bring up the fact that it might be
aesthetic that it might be a fetish that
the cervix is kind of spongy and you can
push into it but some girls like pain
but now we had to go ahead and call me a
slut if I don't like six and a half
inches you hear that that's the sound of
my butt hurt radar going off boo you mad
bro the Batman over 9000 says does your
mom know you were an evil godless boob
flashing devil worshiper yet Tara Lowell
yes my mom knows all of those things
that she loves me despite it except for
the boob flashing thing I've only done
that once at a Slipknot concert what are
you referring to your tits make all the
other gaming channels gay they put a
smiley face so I'm assuming he had good
intentions with this but to me it just
sounds like my tits are so disgusting
that anyone else making a gaming channel
comes overseas my gaming channel and
instantly turns gay after being
heterosexual because they're so gross
they
Wow don't just like a blatant fucking
whore
then I will listen to you one of these
days are mostly whores and sluts an
idiot commenters are mostly misogynists
your morals are not objective you have a
problem with the way I dress doesn't
mean I have sex with a bunch of men
without discrimination and it doesn't
mean I have sex for money it means I
just think this looks good if you don't
don't watch you have too much fuckin
makeup on you look like an or nage do
you guys like my or nage nails chair
Dolph Shitler says I'm not judging but
only two kind people wear sunglasses
blind or assholes you're not judging
then you go on to judge I'm not judging
but you're illiterate how much do you
charge for me to plug my USB and load my
games into your USB port
do you have an HDMI port available that
would be great if I didn't love games
and technology I would still have the
gaming community for amazing comments
like this this made me chuckle woman's
vaginas are adaptable are they sluts by
Nature
well since calling people a slut is a
social construct I would assume that
there's no doubt on that oh so your
definition of slut is probably like
having sex with ten guys or having a
good body and not being afraid to show
it off in public which is not the actual
dictionary definition of being a slut
but you know whatever so if I were to
say that being a slut was natural but I
just feed into your naturalistic fallacy
that everything that's natural is better
would you and your entire family become
sluts sometimes I wonder about how I can
manipulate idiots I think a lot of the
male and pre-surgical reassignment
transgender females would like to cock
Terra the male transgenders or just
males and then pre-surgical reassignment
transgender females it was unclear with
your lack of punctuation what you meant
transgender cock I'm down John fake tits
you got all the better to suffocate you
with my dear you play computer games you
fucking slide you're not a gimmick and
designer you're a fuckin mug with tits
period fucking slutty air mouth tarts
like you think you're intelligent you're
not a computer programmer you fucking
slag fucking and dumb blonde plug in
computer games no wonder you don't get
much views and you're boring as fuck
pair of tits Wow no way in a million
years do you have a degree in the
competeing either
her software or programming where do you
get the idea that I have any degree in
anything because I don't pretty ironic
when someone tries to refute someone
else's degree and then can't even spell
degree or gaming or playing or literally
anything woman call my lot to make up ,
big boobs calm a lot to cleave it and
showing love swearing BAM you've got a
bitchy gaming channel what god I love
how rich idiots talk how they are quote
everyone else end quote
but I'm not rich and I definitely wasn't
rich back then when I made that video
it's so odd how people stick so strongly
as if it's like objective to their
preconceived subjective notions and in
opinions I listen to you for two seconds
in my opinion based on how my parents
raised me wrong is that you're a stupid
slut whore liar now let me go spread
that out to the entire world with such
vindication as if I have irrefutable
proof because I am so self-important and
retarded that I think that that's a good
idea and makes me look intelligent I'm
just gonna leave this here because this
is in reply to everyone who's hating on
my fucking video about the eighty games
in one Sega console reboot just because
right now randomly the YouTube algorithm
decided to put my video on the side so a
lot of new people are saying it anytime
that happens with the gaming channel
just because of the way I look people
instantly download the video it happened
with my Dark Souls video it's happening
now with my unboxing of the Sega console
it's a good video but you know you can't
get past the tits and how much you hate
people who look better than you or hey
girls who look like the girls who have
turned you down in high school or
college I can't even begin to put myself
in the mind of someone who spends their
time hating on people who they don't
knows channels thanks for taking your
mom to a shelter it's much better than
leaving her as a stray I just thought
the context of that was funny you are a
man but you are amazing when you are a
real woman like Betty or at its fullest
fake-ass 100% let me try that again
good bat tear at its fullest to fake ass
100% YouTube's biggest fake-ass bimbo
slag once again this is a picture of me
as I look in the video and this is the
title please explain what the clickbait
is is it the fact that I'm just like
attractive can't use myself and my
thumbnails even though I'm in my videos
because it's a clickbait is life ever
hard tiresome depressing or just
annoying as a youtuber if so call 1-800
youtubers plights
24 our representatives are Stan
by to help you with your first world
problems nope YouTube is pretty much
amazing it's my calling it's everything
that I've ever wanted in a life it goes
great with my schedule my needs and I
can't imagine doing anything else
so the fact that there is bad with it I
just take that shit and enjoy it like
idiotic comments people writing me off
because I'm attractive and thinking that
I should change myself or cover up so I
can get some kind of semblance of fake
respect content and copyright strikes
fuck those things man I'm way too
blessed to worry about the negative
thank you guys for making this possible
by the way and yeah man I mean I get
tired or I get stressed out arguing
worried about like stupid things but
really in perspective I'm so fucking
lucky to be doing what I'm doing on that
note that is the end of this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it please like the
video subscribe to the channel and
continue to post negative retarded shit
in the comments so I can make fun of you
and of course the nice positive ones
because those are the ones I actually
enjoy and respect you guys are my family
and I appreciate every single one of you
also don't forget use the code youtube'
10 at Scrimgeour comm / Tara Babcock if
you want to check out my merchandise the
links will be in the description and up
in the top right in the cards I'll be
posting the video about my merch so you
can see kind of the lookbook 25 to 100
percent of my proceeds go to charity an
animal based charity that I choose and I
really appreciate it I want to see you
guys wearing my merch so hashtag Tara
Babcock merch on all social networks and
don't forget to tag me in them most of
my things are at Tara Babcock Twitter
Instagram all that I love you guys so
much and I will see you in two weeks
with a new terrorist comments mmm
