moons over my hammy don't let this video
fool you I did most of the work and it's
still not done mom who did most of the
work on the car so far I don't know I
was doing other things
god damn it it was me say say Tara it
was Tara
that's right got the car cleaned all
yeah ma stop I don't know if I like my
initial intro so we're gonna intro it
again I'm here at my parents house we
just cleaned Jay's car and then I'm
going out with my mom I'm going out with
my mom oh yeah we're gonna help her find
a new cat of my childhood cat climber
which is the second cat I had in my
childhood I had one named shadow and she
was like really crazy and like a really
cool cat really cuddly and I had her
until I was like seven or eight or nine
or something and it's like so sad with
pets died that I like cannot have a pet
no matter what it I just can't do it not
only do I not have the time for it but I
feel like I would just like destroy me
if anything ever happened to it so when
shadow died that was really sad and then
we got Clymer which was like a really
really cute playful kitten he would
climb all of the curtains in the house
and that's why we ended up naming him
climber and he was like we picked him in
the in the pet store because he was just
so much more energetic than any of the
other cats and he recently died which
was really sad and devastating to my mom
who like really loves cats so we're
gonna go off now it's been about six
months eight months or something since
climber died and we're gonna go get her
a new kitten I told her that it's really
important that she goes to shelters so
we're gonna go to the Kent Shelter in
Washington and see if there's any
kittens that are like young enough for
her to adopt and hopefully we can get
her to adopt rather than to buy a cat
from a pet store because it's so much
better if you adopt there are so many
animals like I feel so bad for the older
ones because I know my mom won't adopt a
older one I know she wants to raise a
kitten but there are so many older ones
that are like left in shelters and they
end up being put to sleep or like no one
loves them I have to stay in these like
tiny cages and I'm hoping that that
won't be like the worst thing ever and
it'll just be like oh you know they're
gonna get homes and that's what I can
feel when I go to the shelter
moles are really my only weak point when
it comes to emotions and stuff so I try
to just like avoid them because I
wouldn't be able to handle it
watching animals die or animals be like
in suffragists Thanks
so yeah we're about to leave now just
clean Jay's car and we're gonna go to
the shelter and hope that there's a good
kitten there also I'm gonna document all
of the pets of the shelter so if you are
in the Seattle area and if you want to
go to the Ken to shelter to get one of
the pets to just like fall in love with
one in my video oh my god I've done such
good for the world all right let's go
we're on our way to the shelter right
now mom what are you gonna look for in a
cat what's gonna make you decide to
choose the cat you choose choose one cat
any kid with a kitten and I wanted a
female get a female this time yeah
you're like switching off shadow climber
the reason I want a female this time is
cuz the cat the male's free oh yeah
that's annoying I don't want to deal
with that again yeah alright we'll
update you when we get there I'm excited
to see a bunch of cats and dogs all
right guys we have just arrived at the
King County Animal Services Regional oh
yeah and it looks like there's like a
whole place for cat adoptions and
there's a veteran veterinary tech area
so we're gonna see what we can find in
there adoptable cats
just a pile of kittens it look like I
walked in and they're all layin on each
other
does it work there's a black one and to
tabbies in the round a bucket
yeah yeah sure you have yeah I have
shadows on like shadows on my kids
they're cute are they like twins
are they related um they're probably
from the same litter one's a short hair
with long hair come on oh there's one
take your two flowers young mom come
look at this one tiny CBD has nothing on
it there yeah I can't why I can find out
it could mean that they haven't been
fixed year so without a blanket miss um
oh yeah we don't adopt mountainous until
they've been altered ultracal so I could
remember I knew one of the
never-ever dog you should get this on
nothing I come here um so I look at the
longer you're tired know what is what
they are - because I don't want a male
one semester well one of them shorter
brown tabby short haired that's this one
roll this one is a year hair the long
hair it's a boy yeah he's a boy he's a
boy he wants to be adopted I know you do
they all do so you don't just tell me
you don't know if this one can be a
doctor difference a griller boy
I'm so jealous I'm getting so bad
look at this funnies feel like a little
white lip and there's these humans
they're sleepy
that's what you get when you take it's
got a little like thing on snows it's so
cute it is you they're gonna find you
this like out you'll make us get it
no you won't whoa some reason has to get
this one you have can have pet does that
look good we just have to pay like 30
bucks or something sure you have to get
this one or we'll get it well we don't
know if you can even have this one she's
checking know because it's you usually
they have a paper up there if they're
okay she doesn't even know that means
what you doing
he's smiling for you but pretty smug
Bertie oh that's so funny kitsune
retardant
this is like the Kiki's Delivery Service
cuts this one is a male oh come on he
came in a two days old hole you know oh
he looks like he's maybe six weeks
when from
please know this kid the white one is
good yeah I can't believe you don't want
the other one cuz he's male that's the
cutest kid never had a female than male
and I'm going to have y'all I have no
way to them yeah I want to but you it
why do you need some I'm gonna persuade
you usually because you're waiting we're
going out having fun and the little guys
invited us all kind of there's only one
it's true better I wanted to have to but
you know I have aa bob spinner don't
cares what Bob thinks he'll just deal
with it yes he knows anyway yeah I give
up I think I want that one it's in there
with the tabby says female one is male
monkey
oh my god so she could get to she should
get to I agree
Wow wait if you get to you should have
male or female but with your gum like
this yes collected a couple of those
getting the one their cats three years
old but if you get two kittens go on
together but like I have two females in
females
my name's along my
some days other days you want to leave
yourself
been dumb mom what you have to get the
one in here too
okay have you not yes okay I did both
yay which one's this one got one is only
one white and have you want a wonderful
I am my second one here also to play
together public we're pairing so kittens
now so jealous about for every other kid
look come on not steal everything yeah
little table that is so cute I am so
happy
come pain for Panda and the other ones
cool it's like white and then has like
just little panels of colors
yeah that's right that's a lion isn't it
this one's a live experience with cats
unknown sensitive stomach oh so cute
there but upon our is going to play that
one
this one's cute
shine quiet we'll warm up preferably cat
savvy home
one on face needs eyedrops hi what
happened to you who would hurt you love
affection rubbing all over you so cute
help someone adopts this one I want to
do don't tell them you can't do this
hi blonde yeah I'm pretty sure unique
someone coming up to this cat hi what
hello
more like work here this one's special
easygoing likes to be petted
I had a 10 minute sponge bathrooms fully
cooperative hi I wish I could start you
up on loud you're very pretty I snore
and I COO this so cute flea allergy do
best in a home with no other cats hi
well nice cat nice
not this fuzzy one
very sweet love is affection and throws
away loves to play with toys
I do feel these are so cute he's got a
blink
supersoft third declawed very loving cat
gentle hey hey now I want the cat with
the face and the eye it's gonna die in
like two years
no so I guess that's good for us right
so McCobb please understand I are
forever cats I wish they were forever
cats oh look at Clyde loves sitting on
the window watching the world from the
inside you guys seriously need to come
down here if you live in Seattle and
just adopt all these cats for me I would
be eternally grateful those petals
Charlie all right we're gonna go look at
the dogs just because we want to break
Jays heart a little bit more so we're
gonna go over the word really to dogs so
people are just like adopting all the
dogs hopefully
oh my god well this dog is literally
told me I was one of the darkest bigger
than me hello there I need someone who's
willing to put Simon I don't realize how
big oh come on up come back up up he's
actually so crazy
hello yeah big man so not adopt you oh
my gosh you're so pretty
oh hi there hey
oh thank you
I want to touch you but it's not allowed
your eyes are so pretty
his name was oh no now it's chewie
chewie chewie Oh puppy face hi I'm Peter
no look you're not aggressive don't
worry I'm not gay it's fine
oh it's fine hi hi swear if anyone comes
down a dachshund oh yeah new friend in a
new home yeah
oh she's gonna be true
be honest they go girls one girl one boy
oh good I made you joke you what's that
noise
we're home with the kittens oh my god
I'm so excited we're gonna let him out
we're gonna let him out in the bathroom
I don't think I like each other again
it's gonna take a little while you are
bouffant get snippy shoes you ready
normally small and as parent active feed
or some shit short tail
you go there you go bucks to know you're
okay there's a box movie they're so cute
it's not really unlike the other toy
play with panic and run past liquor so
he's Sean the pinball
Oh
this one likes to like play stationary
so
all right snow she likes the sound
you are just the prettiest thing in the
water
is so cute
so - yusin
this is all I want to do forever I'm
putting my job for cat to play there's a
video of a squirrel grabs guys GoPro
goes through like six trees jumping from
tree to tree
holy fuck golf right so then you can see
going home you walk so cute maybe she
just spent too long in a cage so she's
scared of everything
yeah I'm keep making a cuter and cuter
cuz he doesn't care what we do alright
we are on our way home I'm absolutely
exhausted I don't know why I feel like
it's being around like really cuddly
kittens and like the really hot songs
it's like a DS plus degrees out again
makes me tired her maybe we've been up
all day I don't know
but oh it was so hard to leave I keep
propositioning my mom I even said that
we would pay her $200 for the 100 dollar
kitten because we really want to take
Panda home a little on both of them but
like pandas like really sociable and
really cuddly and so cute how he's got
like six back legs
and he runs retarded li-like back tells
me runs retarded li and he's so cute and
he's got the little stubby tail and so
adorable and J loves him a lot Jews be
not cute about it it was really cute
weren't you yeah you didn't want to
leave it was so cute he was like laying
on his lap and like cuddling this this a
shark that we like put there you didn't
even care what we did well he was sleepy
usually cats like wake up really easily
but he was just like so knocked out and
it was really cute because he was really
reserved when he was in the bathroom and
then as soon as we opened the door and
he actually got outside he was running
around and playing and like falling all
over cuz he's like bad at running and I
was a cutest thing ever
I we actually were like okay if my mom
wants to give up the cat will actually
take it my mom's like I'll call you the
two cats don't get along and I'm like I
hope they get along because you know I
feel like it's good that they're
together but at the same time we really
want and and I never thought I would say
okay to having a cat or any kind of pet
just because of the responsibility and
how sad it would be if something
happened to them and the fact that you
know I'm always busy and stuff but it's
worth it you know when you get attached
to them
I don't know I'm gonna end the vlog I
love you guys I'm tired I'm gonna go
probably take a nap
you guys are awesome thanks for watching
and yeah you guys should check out that
shelter if you're in Seattle and you're
in the fuckin what's the word that's in
the market for a pet you should always
adopt always adopt and don't think that
like there aren't cute things in need of
love at the shelter or things that have
been hurt even nurse back to like
perfect health double like love you even
more than a pet that like always had a
good home or as being bred like never
ago with the breeders the breeders are
like the worst thing and the pet stores
aren't green eat aren't great either and
definitely just a shelter animals are
the best and then you can say you best
gets out of there you gotta get pillow
high and mighty about it like everyone
else does but it is it's really like the
best love you guys I'll see you in the
next float mo
