whoo welcome to Friday night mail I know
I had to start it with the fucking
clickbait of the picture oh I was like
waiting standing there on my tippy toes
for a while
welcome to episode number 106 of Friday
night mail as always well as last time
yesterday I was the first time I did a
live Friday night mail and it for
Christmas or whatever and I liked it so
much I was like I'm just gonna do
another one this is fun I'm not always
gonna do them because my schedule
doesn't permit it
sometimes I'm sleeping at this time and
it's kind of annoying I usually end up
waiting for like an hour an hour and a
half where I can start doing this
because I get ready early I plan for any
misfortune and yeah so um as last time
I'm gonna keep it pretty straightforward
with a regular outlook of every Friday
night mail where I do the giveaway
winner I do the QA and then I open the
packages and then after that we can go
in like chill mode and for however long
I feel like it we will answer questions
super chats and stuff like that i also
have everything set up so I can put the
the chat on screen man if you guys
subscribe at this time or if you guys
super chat at this time it'll pop up
with everything just like twitch now I
have it all set up it's really fucking
cool so without further ado let's go
ahead and get into this I will be
ignoring the chat up until I'm done with
the actual video then I'll answer all of
you guys's questions to hold them for
now if you have a super chat that you
want to get off your chest you can do it
now because I have like a way to look
back at those anyway the winner of this
week's giveaway is Pekka Elle my
favorite Finnish King Pekka
congratulations I hope you enjoy your
$25 gift card or $24 which subscription
I haven't checked your discord messages
so I'm not quite sure which one you're
gonna get but I will get you that
tonight after I'm done I love you you're
wonderful you're one of my best friends
that I've made on YouTube and I
appreciate you signing up for giveaways
if you guys want to sign up for the
giveaway link as always in the
description even right now during the
live video you guys can go down there
sign up it's fucking awesome
I love you
and the yeah let's just fucking answer
questions I have three questions it was
really hard to find three questions this
week not gonna lie I think because a lot
of people are watching this live they
don't know that it's good to in the chat
afterwards come back and ask your
questions if you want your actual name
and actual comments be in the video like
this question number three is question
and comment I love how you are feminine
and at the same time you are in touch
with what many people not me say is the
masculine side it makes me feel more at
ease
hold on let me pull listen oh god you
can see it alright I'll move it back out
when I start talking it makes me feel
more at ease with the fact that I wear
makeup and glitter and cute tops but I
still like to play video games my
question is can you give advice on how
to be more comfortable with my feminine
side I usually just wear makeup and
chokers and fun girly t-shirts and
glitter um I don't think you have to be
in touch with your feminine side if
you're having a hard time being in touch
with your feminine side I'd say just
roll with it just go with whatever makes
you feel comfortable whatever makes you
feel more like you I don't think there's
an optimal amount of feminine that
someone has to be I don't think there's
an optimal amount of masculine that a
guy has to be although some people might
have dating preferences based on how
masculine or feminine you tend to be
based on the gender roles it's not a
hundred percent social construct so
there is a lot of biology behind it but
don't feel like you're less of a person
just because you might not fit the
perfect gender roles or the perfect
biological mold or what a female or man
is um I have a hard time with this as
well it's weird like I am feminine but
at the same time I don't act feminine at
all and the biggest place where this
plays a part is quite honestly in the
bedroom like sometimes I feel like I
would rather just be funny and silly and
make jokes and I think I've I've moulded
that into like a good sexual experience
but I always cringe when I see girls in
porn or like girls in real life even
like revert to this like weird like like
that voice and everything it just
bothers me and for a while I was like am
I not doing it right when I was younger
like much much younger but I realized
that like doing that kind of thing if
you force it you're only gonna come off
as like
fake you know it's not gonna feel
genuine it's not gonna feel like your
actual reaction and more often than not
the reason why people will watch like
amateur porn and stuff is because they
want a real real response they want real
sex they want real orgasms and the same
thing goes for you in the bedroom with
the person that you're with so I don't
know I think you should have a nice
balance I like the fact that I have lots
of stereotypically male interests and
then I'm also feminine in the way that I
dress and that's always been my thing I
like to look really like the epitome of
my version of like bimbo perfect fake
feminine person but I also like to have
all the male interests that I have
because that's just what I enjoy you
know and I think it's best of both world
all right is the next question thank you
for the question by the way so question
- wolf gaming says question do you play
magic commander
I don't magic commander is also known as
what is it it's ETH but it's elder
dragon hi I don't even know what the
fuck the actual thing stands for I've
played it like a total of five times the
same with like cubing or like popper
Draft and stuff like that I personally
don't like casual magic I I find it to
be boring and I really like magic on a
competitive level where I'm playing
competitively against people the only
reason I kept going to effing him aside
from the fact that I had friends there
and it was just fun to kind of interact
and chill and try out new decks was for
the practice that I got which wasn't the
best practice if you're actually getting
into a competitive magic which most of
you are not and don't care about any of
us at all I would recommend getting a
play test group that's all so serious
about it because going to F&M you're
gonna get a lot of non-nut decks you're
gonna get a lot of brews and just like
oh I tried this funny thing out yeah
infinite combos and like that so yeah or
yeah I think fnm from my experience is
decent for practicing like modern and
stuff and drafting ish but for standard
people just kind of like to do dumb shit
because it's not that expensive to buy
the cards and there's more wiggle room
to try out and make your own brew and
stuff so yeah that's that's that's my
answer to that question I hope I don't -
I don't even care if I offend you like I
just I feel like it's cool
to have people into casual magic because
it makes magic better and it also if
people are my fan
or whatever my viewers and they get into
magic even if it's casually I think
that's great because magic it has a
deficit of rational cool people these
days honestly so I don't want to turn
you away from magic by saying that I
personally don't like that form of magic
I think you guys should all try it out
all right in question number one is from
Elijah Plummer he says would you adopt a
child I feel like okay so this is one of
the only questions I can find and I'm
putting this in here for him and for
anyone else who doesn't know but I
fucking hate children
I can't even imagine having a kid much
less adopting one that doesn't take on
my characteristics and genetics I just
don't understand at all why I would do
that and it's pretty crazy that someone
would have watched any of my videos and
not known that so yeah Elijah thank you
for the question
welcome to the channel which I'm
assuming you're new to the channel so
yeah yeah okay guys I have some shit
from Demi I have some shit from Pekka
first of all I got this from Pekka right
and it says on the back you can't see it
because it's too blown out or maybe you
can see it yeah I would abhorred the
adopted child exactly sorry I like I
said I'm gonna be ignoring the chat
because I'll take questions afterwards I
want the people who come here
for us as think to video for an edited
video that don't have the two hours to
spend I want them all to get the regular
FM experience and that's how I kind of
like to do YouTube anyway yeah all right
so this is from pack up it's half opened
it came damaged by the way I want to say
fuck you to custom or fucking with my
shit but we have a letter from Pekka the
winner of the giveaway by the way all
right hello miss Babcock it's me Santa
but you can call me Saint Nick I have
heard that you're a naughty girl with a
kind heart normally naughty people only
get coal but in your case I'm gonna let
it slide
okay role-plays aside I just wanted to
give some Christmas joy to a fellow
pagan sinner love you Pekka made this
small patch of love bring a warm fuzzy
feels in
he's also from Finland so he's not the
best of English well you know we're
happy face happy holidays in early new
year's from Santa's homeland depending
on if this gets there on time love
respect and hard dick Pekka xoxo and it
is so wonderful wonderful and
serendipitous that his letter would come
at the same time that he also wins the
giveaway pretty fucking cool Thank You
PAC I love you I don't know if you're
gonna be here today but you're fucking
amazing and you know as I say I love
getting letters from you um I'm having
something like wrong with my throat the
last few weeks it's not I'm not like
sick but any time I tried it's off a lot
I feel like it's getting caught up and
there's like a little bit of a pickle in
my throat oh yeah all right I don't know
who this came from but it came from
Royal Mail so I'm assuming it's someone
from Z Britain land Z brittish's and
it's a Christmas card oh my god fucking
Star Wars Christmas card you guys this
is so good furry Christmas for Tara J
and Eve have a merry xmas and a wookie
New Year I hope that 2018 is even better
than 2017 I'm hoping it is even though I
fucking accomplished like so much
I checked so many things off my list
this year it's so amazing I'm gonna have
a video a recap of the channel up that
Nicholas else tosh made for me it's the
shit Tara says that's gonna be up on
Sunday and then on Monday I'm gonna have
like a resolutions New Year last year
thought type of video so stay tuned for
that it's gonna be a black blog view the
one where I like hold Vlad and sit down
fuck you guys um all the best of xmas
wishes from Barney and sperm Barney I
didn't even know awesome I love all the
wookie okay something that's kind of a
fetish of mine also Thank You Barney I
really appreciate this is touching
things that are like bumped out if it's
if it's embossed or embezzled at all oh
oh I love it I love touching it like
when boxes come and they're like super
high-quality boxes like let's say if
this was a super high quality pop which
is not it's an Amazon box I like to like
touch the bumpiness of the product I
don't know I don't know it's fucking
cool this is awesome Thank You Barney
you're a god
coolest first coolest Christmas card
I've gotten so far I would say even
though as always was really fucking cute
but this oh and fucking um
Sean's was hilarious as always I love
you guys so much I don't deserve you as
I always say I really really really
don't deserve you okay
I'm assuming therefore Jay and I from
Jay Mughal I know you're in the Chad Jay
movie oh I know what these are I am I'm
pretty sure I know what both of them are
oh okay
sceptre of the Ancients is the
skulduggery pleasant book yeah okay so
back story if you guys watched my um my
birthday vlogs one of the birthday blogs
the one where I went to Ikea I saw a
skulduggery pleasant book and it was in
Swedish and I was like what the fuck is
this and Jays like what's a skulduggery
pleasant and now I guess actually read
it from the mouth of J mood the person
who sent this to me he says it's even
better than the Harry Potter series so
you guys can argue about that oh oh
right right the bet um it is in English
so I guess have to play two hours of
warframe or whatever and then we got
Shakespeare's insults oh yes ah peace
good tickle brain sweep on you fat and
greasy citizens Oh
VIPRE vile mad mustachioed purple hewed
mult worms oh man this reminds me that
gave me played on straight on stream
well what's it called insult simulator
insults familiar so good holy shit it's
literally it's literally just like tons
and tons of one liners Shakespeare never
said these things right or is is there
oh
in the back there's an index did he
actually say these things that would be
fucking cool no word to save thee thy
sins not accidental but a trade mercy to
thee would prove itself a bod tis best
that thou daya ste oh these are amazing
I have to do like some kind of video
maybe in like Teri's comes or something
where I read a few of these every single
video is just literally oh ok so it says
mid Midsummer Night's Dream here you
guys can't see it cuz blown out and shit
but it says Midsummer Night's Dream so
that means that this actually is just
insults from his work that is a really
fucking cold a mood I love this this is
so amazing and they put the barcode this
is a sticky barcode they put the barcode
over his mouth so fuckin good
I love it Thank You J movies are amazing
I really appreciate it woah much excites
much excite Wow alright we've got two
more small things and then we've got
five big thing it's one of which is from
Debbie so I'm excited Jimmy
she's a sexy bitch what is this oh it
looks like some lingerie ah
they never fucking stay I hate it I hate
it when any kind of like lingerie or
clothing comes in cuz mostly it's from
China or something where's my where's
Mike cutter II know
where's my cutter Ino oh there I found
it I was like no I can't lose it on
streem because I'll never fucking open
anything and I don't want to spend like
40 minutes looking for it holy shit all
right what do we got here oh shit this
is an S&M mask oh god should I put it on
right now it's gonna ruin like
everything that is my makeup but I'm
gonna do it
if I look like shit after it's because
of you guys
oh man now I've got a beard instead of
hair also you can tell how big my tits
are when I don't have any volume to my
hair now like I had volume before this
but this is pretty cool this is like
something I would get rubber tongue yeah
I look like rubber it's true both
literally and my fucking slutty oh my
god there's like some picture oh god I
have to show you this okay it's like
some bald chicks some some bald chicks
in like leather it's hard for me to
smile with this the material is like a
like rub material also I'm getting like
a legit facelift than this look at my
cat eyes right now I have like a legit
like oh yeah watch me look like a sex
doll hold on
do I look like a sex toy was that good
oh man hey it didn't fuck me up that bad
I'm gonna I'm gonna make it pop up help
my head come on I can't do it oh oh that
was I feel like I'm actually like more
like Asian or something now I'm more
Asian it's amazing I love this whoever
sent this to me so much fun pretty
stretchy as you guys can see now I have
wish to nose fix myself up there we go
thank you I appreciate the debauchery as
always okay what is this this comes from
quiet I'll shake ashang so you know
we're not getting fucking notes in this
one that's for sure
it's from quiet oh do we have a note
note notes no it's a bunch of fucking oh
there's no thank God I was like what the
fuck that I'm not gonna know so stupid
oh it's from Barney hi Tara I'm Merry
Christmas
enjoy your gift would love to see you
wear it from Steve aka Barney alright
alright what is it
it's tinier so of course he would like
to see me wear it
what is this tiny tiny tiny thing what
is it I can't even imagine oh this is
the top okay we can maybe put this on if
I can figure it out
I have no what the fuck it's like a cage
okay so I think this goes around my neck
and then okay so we got this around my
neck
and then we can figure it out from there
see where does it where does it good
just to just go around my arm like a
feather where is the the piece that
Miller to this piece is it just like
this
what I'm doing everything wrong all
right there we did it kind of does it
look as good as it should I think it
looks wonderful oh man I think I think
it looks appropriate definitely perfect
Thank You Barney I will figure this out
I will go back to my like wish list and
I'll look through and like figure out
how to put this on and then I will put
it on and take pictures either for my
Instagram or patreon whore bow thank you
I appreciate it okay so this box we're
going to hide because Debbie's address
on it even though it's like a
microscopic address I'm still afraid I
never want to Docs my BFF so that would
suck now that you guys would even figure
out how to get to Demi hopefully Demi's
a gun-totin American I don't think she
is she lives in California Oh should I
just doctor I love you dummy I know
you're in the tip oh god we have two
things so we know it's gonna be from
fucking Donald oh it's not it's from
said oh he's calling himself mr. B
that's how I know it's from him
hey Tara have a great holiday season and
happy very very late birthday to a
fellow November baby happy late birthday
to you - I don't know if I already said
it but I appreciate you sending me
something so sweet oh god what is this
oh oh dude we got some manga or is this
just a regular book it's also at heroes
book I thought because she's Asian
it was manga
I thought I said Kara's book with manga
so good oh man
with a new afterword by the author
touching and inspiring and flies in the
face of a lot of people's preconceptions
about the life of an adult film star
Otto Akira is the Galileo of woman's
sexuality shifting our culture from the
dark ages of lüt shaming into an
enlightened celebration of female desire
pot hilarious and engrossing this book
is a path for flirt toward greater
freedom for us all read it and evolve oh
my god finally a book by a fellow or a
fellow the fuck a porn star holy shit
by a former porn star that isn't all oh
woe is me the porn industry is garbage
and I'm gonna kill myself
assume the position ma'am pause and I
use the word assume because I assume
pause that you've been in this position
before that's that's the beginning of
chapter 10 no sex in the champagne room
this is gonna be great Thank You mr.
beer this is awesome
enema shopping walk up to the register
right the cashiers a hot guy that's a
haiku that's a haiku from the book of
the asian porn star my favorite asian
porn star by the way and honestly she
has kind of a weird face but her anal
prowess is just like off the chart love
ahh so here wish there were more asian
porn stars like her because my second
favorite type of girl is an asian girl
as most of you guys know wow what is
this oh my god it's another ausa
accurate memoir that's fucking cool this
one's called dirty thirty a memoir I
like how she has like Asian inspired
Asian type drawings of herself I think
that's really cool get inside ah Sahara
it says on the back oh man the world
knows her as a porn star but it is her
way with words that will touch you again
and again ooh I would rather have her
like asshole touch my face but you know
how it is
she has a she's haikus again this is the
Haiku for this one I just don't get why
you use your hand when you could use
your vagina
truer words true truer words never
spoken okay she has a chapter about
coming out this is cool
dead bug in my drink uh whatever cuz I
have swallowed worse before this is
great thank you mister be like literally
amazing fucking book choice wasn't on my
wish list I'm taking this off because
it's giving me AIDS and cancer at the
same time wait wait oh there we go oh
yes
that's better all right we've got a box
of dim I wish we had a box again I'm
gonna lose my fucking box where the oh
it's right in front of my face never
mind we're opening the bottom to save
Demi the embarrassment of someone coming
to her house while she's nude and then
trying to forcefully stick their dick in
her because you know I'd have to kill
him unless you know she wanted it in
which case I have to you know
congratulate myself for getting her some
dick I don't know all right we've got a
card and instead of follow Allah on the
back it's like scratched out it says
hahahahaha I already like it there's
something like I think it's gonna be one
of those talking cards or she put
something inside of it I love you Oh
oh my god it's a choker oh yes oh my god
you're the worst handwriting Demi hold
on we're gonna read this and then I'm
gonna put this choker on because I love
you so like I didn't really notice that
there wasn't very much room on this card
when I bought it so I'll keep this short
and simple haha
hope you have a great Christmas love
always Demi merry Christmas to you too
baby girl PS this package is probably
late long as I hope your period never is
this year and you know you could totally
have written on this side she didn't
write anything on this side but she
wrote on this side where it says Merry
Christmas even though it's like a
symmetrical side where she would write
on as much as the dog as much
of the dog on both sides fucking day me
dude
brain trust collective this is really
cute I love those dogs with the floppy
ears they remind me of bunnies
alright choker choker this looks
familiar
what is this what is this sign I feel
like I'm retarded because I don't know
what the sign is can someone tell me in
the chat or just demo you can tell me in
the chat with this because it looks like
almost like a glyph from Witcher 3 or
something knowing her as a hare yeah
knowing her as a Harry Potter thing what
Harry Potter thing is this let's take
off my Witcher 3 fucking yennefer choker
and put on the fucking Deathly Hallows
choker oh oh oh I don't know which way
to go
oh there we go it looks good I love it
I didn't even know I didn't even know
that something like this existed I
thought this was like my idea that I
contacted the lead Selena and I was like
can you put like cool stuff on my
regular black choker or like I started
doing that and then she started doing
that and it was cool and everyone buys
it and it's awesome yeah I thought I'd
made this up I guess not I guess I'm not
as much of a ingenious motherfucker as I
thought previously Demi hi I love you
Demi I wish you lesbian sex and and big
dicks coming from guys that look like
they don't have big dicks because I know
that's your type what love you baby girl
okay so there's some packing info I
don't know what the fuck it's like one
of those ones where there's like a
little thing on the front and there's a
packing info thing alright
oh good rubber cuff is here that's good
because otherwise I was going to have to
kill him you know what I'm saying
ah ah oh my god oh is this what I think
this is
oh my god oh my god you guys oh this is
so awesome
guys you know what this is this is so
fucking awesome
it's a fucking pistol case and it's a
hard one and it's pink which is the best
part
oh my god this is like legit holy shit
we've got a little information thingy
not on the inside it's completely padded
this is like way more high quality than
I thought I also thought no one would
ever get me something like this though
this is fuckin badass
oh I love it so much thank you oh oh who
got this for me I have to know I have to
know who got this for me oh my god Cody
Cody got it for me Thank You Cody I
appreciate it
this is really fucking bad-ass I
actually wanted a hard case for my
pistol and this would actually carry two
of them because I you know have small
ones at least for like taking to the
range and stuff I don't have like a
range case yet but this is really cool
cuz it could hold like two of the size
pistols that I want and then also like
some clips and stuff ah
so fucking awesome yeah perfect perfect
yep yeah alright we got one more and
then we'll go into the fucking chatting
and chilling and just talking about
random stuff yes we will guys what
should the name of the title the like
subtitle of this stream be for F and M
should it be like AUSA Kira's asshole
memoir I want to change it while on
stream so like when it becomes a pod it
goes just goes hand-in-hand it becomes
about you know with the name
what is this you've got notes oh my god
that's yeah what the Oh
hmm where did that come from
hi Tara enjoy your gift from a kinky fan
if you would love some pics in the masks
do you receive - or I would love some
pics in the mask okay so and he gave me
his email kisses all right is this the
mask as well it is oh my god I'm gonna
assume that guy which is his name sent
me the other mask as well this is a
neoprene face mask Thank You guy I'll
send you some pictures later this is
cool
are you trying to make me your
submissive is that what's going on I
think that's what's going on all right
get rid of this um is this four-eyes you
okay I can get on board with this one
this is really cool this is actually
really really cool you guys like this I
really like it I would put my hair on
the outside like I would go like this
and take all the hair out and then I
would actually have hair instead of
having like a beard a beard of hair this
is really yeah it is like Day of the
Dead uh el la da de Muertos I don't
fucking remember Spanish can I do Donald
Trump's voice in this mask no you're
fired
I tried this is really cool I like it
but it's also really hot so not for the
full stream no no sir thank you guy I
appreciate it you're fucking awesome
dude this is really cool this actually
fits a lot better than the other one
because it's not like squishing my eyes
and I feel like I'm fucking up my
eyelashes and my eyebrows and shit this
is fucking phenomenal which one do you
guys like better you guys like the first
one or the second one
all right guys thank you for watching
this Friday night mail video if you guys
are just here for the Friday night mail
portion if you guys want to stick around
and talk and chat and ask me questions
feel free to do so we're gonna go into
that phase but first what should I call
this video I'm gonna move this forward
okay what should I call this video guys
there's another gift and all right right
fuck
I did it was underneath like the fucking
flap I saw like a little bit of it and I
didn't register it I'm sorry oh so glad
you guys are here cuz I never would have
fucking known all right what is this
Demi this is what it looks like
got that that beautiful plaid look here
which I love so fucking cute this is a
cutest bag ever where'd you get this it
says warm wishes black like our heart
crepe paper oh shit
NYX cut lip polar holder and oh you guys
okay I collect these I do not have the
rainbow tiny one I have the rainbow big
one but not the rainbows tiny one this
is so cute
his name is Owen oh I know a guy named
Owen and I'm like he's obnoxious
oh why would this this is a gay fucking
owl why would this owl be named Owen I
like to fly high above the trees and
feel the crisp cool autumn breeze yeah
Owen because you're a fag a literal what
the dude he's so cute though I can't
even say he like with this the feet are
like shiny pink how is this a guy and
he's all like I love retarded plushies
this is like a silly it's so cute I can
see myself in a size
very here dummy thank you but we've got
some fucking lip color right here what
is this um this is the cream lipstick
NYX liquid suede in red and then we have
liquid we have uh liquid lip plumper in
red I'm just fuckin oh all right
that one's open but that one's like pop
coke I've decided we're gonna do both of
these and that's gonna be the top coat
this is a great gift right now Demi
because like I just fucked up all of my
shit by putting on the mask all right I
don't know dude
this so hard to do without like a legit
mirror okay I'm gonna put them both on I
love these I actually have like five of
these
all right guys thank you so much Debbie
this is so cute I love it I'm gonna
stick it on my choker you guys like the
red it actually kind of matches my shirt
too
all right guys as with the clickbait in
the beginning we're gonna do a little
ass shake
it's fucking you have to you have to
it's a fucking Friday night mail video
the thumbnail is clicks ad we have to
live up to the clickbait height don't we
let's do it thank you for watching the
video and I'm dizzy as fuck
for some reason when I like I have my
ass like this and I look behind me I get
like an instant like headache it's like
a like oh what are those called the aura
headaches weird like pulsing and it's
like oh my god okay ask me anything
let's go let's talk about stuff and we
have to get at least one fucking super
chat today because I set up the super
chat notifications and one fucking uh
what's it called wait let me make sure
it's like working because that would
suck okay no super cool so it's probably
working it's still undecided whether or
not it's working but let's do it let's
do it guys what's up are there any
lipstick colors that you don't like I
don't like the really really white like
white pink I really don't like that when
girls tan and then have the like white
pink ass fucking lip it's so ugly like a
jersey shore like Guido type thing I
don't like that at all it looks really
ugly Oh where's your favorite MTV MTG
color to play blue blue yes but I like
it when blues not the traditional blue
with like the counterspell so stuff like
counter spells gonna be in the sideboard
but my favorite deck of all time was a
mono blue devotion back in the Ravnica
arrows fuckin block I loved that shit so
much I that was my shit and I got to it
on a whim I was like I don't want to
play blue because I was
knew back then I was like I don't want
to play blue it's gonna be too hard for
me and then this guy that I was like
trying to fuck I actually have a video
about it it's called a sex story is the
married magic nerd or something he was
like you should just try this deck just
try it it's not like standard blue and I
tried it and I was like this is the best
thing ever also I have to go like that
to make sure it doesn't get on my lip or
my teeth that would be awful um would
you get alive me or you now account for
more casual streams like this um I'm not
really into another platform I know you
can link it to your YouTube so it goes
up on YouTube but for me I just like
doing it like this and making it more
like a YouTube video where I'm just
sitting and talking to you guys and
there's never downtime I'm not just like
chilling or on my phone when I do on my
phone streams where I'm just like hey
guys that's more for like Instagram and
stuff um tobyturner actually told me I
should get a you now he says like a lot
of people will donate on there and stuff
but it's just like I would rather do my
kind of content than I enjoy rather than
something like that okay take my jacket
off it's cold why would I take my jacket
off do you want to see my arm might let
me give you a little oh my god look
there's a shoulder oh I also don't like
these straps I know that's like super
hot for you guys but not my aesthetic
you know you love my leaps and read my
lips I don't know what the fuck I'm
doing with my hair I haven't washed it
in like a fortnight that's not true I
haven't washed it in like week but it's
because I'm waiting for my shower filter
my hair has been breaking off like
fucking crazy and I thought it was at
first the the tape and extension so then
I realized that like I I moved from a
humid climate to the driest fucking
climate in the universe then it became
winter then I was fucking using like
hard water on my hair which I've never
done before so I'm just doing that's why
Oh rocket thank you
is it gonna pop up
y-you know pop up oh it's not gonna pop
up I made it so that it would pop up
there's my feet booth whoo
oh you want the other one to you here
you go what the fuck is on my foot
oh I had a fuzzy on my foot thank you
for helping make me have cleaner feet
what is this secret you've never told
anyone I literally don't have any I know
a lot of people say that and it's like
complete bullshit but I told you guys
everything like I told you has the
married men that I go after or the
people that I've slept with or my like
deepest darkest desires in bed like rape
fantasies and stuff I don't can't think
of anything if it was any kazuma cheese
if there were if there was anything that
I haven't told you guys it would
probably be something that's a secret of
someone else that I can't tell you guys
you know like something a friend told
New York I don't know I can't even think
of anything about Jay but it would be a
or something that I don't I don't feel
like I have the right to tell you so I
just don't but other than that you have
to wait for five more minutes and you
have to do a super chat of five dollars
before you can leave Roberto
well so why is this not working I don't
understand
it should be working
proper to use okay oh let's put the chat
up now there we go now the chats on the
screen so people who are watching the
body can actually understand what's the
fuck's going on
but yeah it's annoying that the thing is
not working because they fucking put so
much effort look this is what it's
supposed to look like let me show you
when someone does a super chat it's
supposed to be like this woo anime
titties and then when someone subscribed
to the channel over there in the right
corner she's supposed to go like that I
made it like twitch but like a youtube
version
I know sad that it's not working now
that's garbage
poking garbage I apologize to you guys
it's fucking heinous okay what would you
be doing if not vlogging what I was
doing before vlogging live streaming on
Twitch do I still live stream on Twitch
actually but oh my god I'm getting some
interesting fact
someone wants me to come to the airport
and see them probably I don't know I
haven't read the tech but he's like I'm
spending the night at the airport is
twitch better than YouTube for
live-streaming and my opinion yes yeah I
know I actually tweeted I'm like yeah a
7pi fucking answered my question I like
asking her questions on the on the
channel last time I went with a
pillow-soft but when she didn't reply so
I'm like okay maybe that's a little bit
too philosophical for her Channel and
her audience though yeah
and I combed my hair forward like Trump
I don't have a phone
there we go
there this is so Trump I did like a way
better job than I thought I would oh my
god this is so good
you like my comb-over like I'm so not
balding now oh my god it's so good oh I
could put it behind the ear there we go
I've got the Trump comb-over Thank You
rocket oh you could give my feet a lick
I am not I'm not anti letting people
lick my feet I have rubber tongue after
all you know I got my submissive if he
was here he'd been licking the floor
with his tongue and cleaning my house
and then after that he would give me
foot massages and it would be wonderful
this is so Trump but like my ears are
big Oh
Oh dry shampoo is needed here you guys
makes my hair look really sophisticated
does it make my Twitter arguments better
guys I have hair like that I like
putting my hair behind my ears when I'm
when I have 100% natural hair like this
without extensions cuz right now it's
like super fucking thin and sparse and
awful I can do it and it stays but my
ears are getting fucking red I don't
know why probably cuz I'm putting on
masculine shit but I think this looks so
cute a lot of people are like your hair
is dead and lifeless and I'm like I look
like an elf kill yourself I'll kill
yourself that's right
is even the same room when you and J
plow sometimes and she's like super
fucking annoying
last time we were fucking she was
sitting behind like we were fucking on
the couch and she was sitting behind the
couch up by the Christmas tree and just
like watching the porn on the screen
because right here is our TV and right
behind me is our couch we have two
couches and then behind that is like
this like thing I don't know I'd show it
to you guys by good but I can all right
more questions
have you ever done the princess honey
bun hairdo like Princess Leia like the
whole like here and then um I have I
usually do the Mickey Mouse buns instead
are the base buns on top of my hands I
think that's more interesting what is
that pillow between my boobs this is a
little a little owl that Demi got me and
a Harry Potter choker that Demi got me
what is the most embarrassing thing you
got caught doing I don't really have the
emotion of embarrassment and really
experience that very much to be honest
um the last time I can remember getting
a pang of like embarrassments was I
don't know if someone maybe like caught
me singing in the shower or while doing
makeup or something I don't know those
like when I was like a teenager I don't
know I don't I I'm usually just like ah
teryn it's so funny or like and then we
laughed about it and I don't really feel
anything I can't even really think of
anything that would make me embarrassed
I don't know if you guys like you guys
can throw out ideas of embarrassing
things and I'll tell you whether or not
I would be okay so I think I would be
stupid this is one thing that I don't
know if it would be embarrassment or
more just like immense sorrow but um if
I was like doing anal with a guy and I
like somehow got shit on his dick that
would be awful that would just be it
would be such a mood killer first of all
and like I would be still in the mood it
would be like annoying you know
I think that would that would be awful
where's the most public plate public
place you've had sex in a crowded hot
tub is probably the most public mainly
just because well it's in public and
secondly there were people in the hot
tub it was like a really big like hotel
hot tub though ah yeah him hi I don't
watch much hentai but I love the idea of
hentai so if your dad walked in on you
masturbating or having having sex she
wouldn't even Paris is that
embarrassment or is that more just like
repulsion I feel like I would be more
repulsive than embarrassed I'd be like
hey what's that what the fuck get out of
here you disgusting Pig no I would just
like you dad by forever
gross and then like I don't know like my
dad watches my videos stuff I wouldn't
with my mom that's more my mom that
watches movies but like my parents know
how I am
they have no illusion that I'm a sexual
being and then I have sex with people
you know then question I noticed that in
some video streams that you talk
superfast is that something you do
naturally or is it a bad habit can this
be considered your talent I mean I'm not
Trisha Paytas I don't my brain goes
faster than my mouth and it's really
hard to slow it down if I slow it down I
become I forget where I am in my in my
train of thought
it's not a habit it's just like
something about me you know question do
you like younger guys I'm getting to the
point where slightly younger guys are
okay back when I was like 20 I was like
fuck no younger guys hundred percent had
to be older even into their 30s was fine
as long as it was older now I'm like
older and younger are fine not too much
older though I don't think I've been
attracted to anyone over or whatever Ben
Affleck's ages he's probably like five
years older than anyone any normal dude
I've ever been attracted to so yeah I
think my my threshold is going down even
though men tend to get sexier as they
get older not like old old but like when
they're like thirty forty they just like
grow into themselves
Jose and like they can grow a beard they
came like have a lot of muscle at that
point all those things definitely have
turned on as my mom banging other men
besides my father that's a little bit
personal and not my question to answer
but no if it was yes I wouldn't be
giving you any details
my parents have as far as I know been
monogamous and taught my entire life
they never got married though and I was
made fun of a lot for that by broken
families back when I was in like
elementary school who like your fucking
parents aren't married I'm like why do
they have to get married they stayed
together they raised me well it's
wonderful um question would you would
you ever have sex with the same sex why
why not yeah I'm I'm bisexual for sure
whatever leave J if J became a person
that I didn't enjoy spending time with
then shirt ar-15 or ak-47 I have no zero
literally zero experience with long guns
although I would like to gain some
experience with long guns I have very
little experience with even pistols but
I'm so excited to learn more I need to
go to the range soon I need to pick out
my concealed carry weapon I have like
six months until my concealed carry
permit comes back but right now I have
one pistol and it's a cobra 380 made
made in the USA but it's like considered
the worst pistol in existence and I just
got my clip back from my period my dad
made me a deal he was like you can have
the clip so you can you know buy bullets
or whatever for this gun once you get
your concealed carry permit and I'm like
okay I did the fucking course give me my
shit and they send it to me for
Christmas
why conceal carry for safety for safety
definitely I have the ability to protect
myself and it's no one else's
responsibility to do so I'm not gonna
wait 15 minutes for the cops to get
there when violent interactions happen
within a span of a minute or less like I
don't understand why everyone doesn't do
that and I'm very very very strongly for
the Second Amendment more and more so
the more I learn about guns the more I
take the courses the more I see the
background checks the more I learn about
it and how amazing it feels to be the
arbiter of my own safety the more I'm
just like yes yes
oh yeah I'm 28 just turn 28 November and
where did I get this choker uh Demi gave
it to me just in this video Oh rocket
yeah thank you would you lick your foot
we have hardwood floors so that kind of
sounds gross but bucket how do they
smell like fresh air
they're really cold right now and so
they're just like kind of smell like
fresh air opinion on Pro Wrestling I was
a huge WWE fan back when I was WWF
fucking Smackdown Raw all that shit oh
my god yes and now I just don't care
about it I knew it was fake back then
but it was more entertaining back then
now I don't even know if they changed or
if my tastes and stuff just changed but
I used to be really into it and
especially the video games I remember I
don't remember which WWF game it was I
don't even know if it was WTF game or
w/e game back when they changed it had
the big fucking all I guess probably
even knows it it used to be WWF so back
in the day used to be World Wrestling
Federation I don't know what the even
stands for but um World Wildlife
Federation or Fund or something like
that they sued them and they won so they
had to change their name to WWE which is
really weird and I think some of my ps1
games and stuff for WWF pretty
interesting
ah you love the live stream I'm glad
dude where was I ever a fan updated
every afternoon the Hulk Pogan era I
think that's a little bit too early for
me I think he was like still retired and
only doing like random cameos that when
I got into it I was into it like really
late 90s early 2000s if I was a giant
what would I do
I would probably embrace it and become
like a Titan
I'm watching a season two of attack on
Titan starting yesterday and I'm loving
it so far I'm not looking forward to my
bae in the show my favorite and sexiest
person in the show getting mutilated and
that's all snakes I don't want to spoil
anything for you guys but I already knew
what's gonna happen and I'm not super
happy that it's gonna happen but I would
still fuck him you've been with missing
appendages for sure God was terrible
applause oh yes hey ma'am what's up what
do you think of the recent news
regarding them talking about too much
gaming can cause a mental disorder
they're now calling it gaming disorder
which is bullshit yeah I haven't read or
listened to any of that even though I've
saw video I've seen videos on it because
it's bullshit obviously it's just
another like oh we're gonna attack adult
gamers and we're gonna say that there's
a certain amount of gaming that you know
isn't OK for an adult like literally
everything that causes endorphins to
rush and overcome your brain with
happiness and excitement anything that
makes you happy
anything that's enjoyable it has the
potential of creating an addiction if
you're an addictive type of person or
you don't have other things going for
you in your life or you just happen to
have some kind of disorder already
underlying but to say don't do porn
don't do videogames don't do sex don't
do relationships don't do fucking
chasing your crushes or going out and
walking in the rain or anything that
makes you happy just oh my god what if
you get a fucking addicted to it like
come on dude fucking you have agency
choose how much is okay for
you to do something and if you have an
addiction I that sucks to get help and
get past it and then go back to doing
what you love those are my opinions on
it oh can I say fuck me loudly does that
suffice I do not watch the UFC I'm not a
big fan of you are you getting less
headaches now that you're in Vegas yeah
up until recently I think we have some
kind of like malfunctioning gas type
thing because when we turn on the heat
Jay gets dizzy and I get headache
a little bit and then when I was cooking
on the cuz we have gas stoves which like
freaked me out
but when I was like when I was cooking a
grilled cheese and tomato soup on the
gas stove I got so dizzy I could barely
stand it was fucking awful and I feel
like it might be in my head because I'm
so afraid of the gas but I really want
to call the gas company and have them
come down here and check things out just
to be safe because if J is getting dizzy
because of the heating and I'm getting
sick because of the stove like they need
to change that shit cuz carbon monoxide
poisoning is like when if you don't
ventilate it properly it can come back
and create carbon monoxide normally a
natural gas has like a rotten egg smell
because they put it in there just in
case you do have a gas leak but with the
carbon monoxide I don't think it has a
outer it was scary I don't play for
tonight no whoa yeah Henrik Wong thank
you I have you made any money on Bitcoin
yet actually yes Jay is handling all of
that because I'm not watching the coins
24/7 he has like apps and stuff on his
phone and he is the one that invested
like five K or something and he's making
gains on it and he has money in a bunch
of different coins some coins that like
are a little known like he has 999 trom
coin and it's like at 3 cents right now
but if it goes up to even like a dollar
he's made like a thousand bucks off of
like 30 bucks which is pretty cool it's
really fun but you have to know how to
invest you have to be safe with it and
never invest more than you're willing to
lose I personally like on my end of the
things which is this kind of same thing
we share a bank account stuff but like
um I only have about 200 bucks
I put in 150 and then I got 10 from a
referral
it's just climbing slowly a little bit
because I bought at 13 K and now it's
it's going between 14 and 15 K but there
was a point where it was like 18 K and I
am so little in there that I'm just like
a doesn't matter for me to like be
taking it out when it reaches peak stuff
oh my god someone says some people whose
live chatter fucking discussing why do
people mistake disgusting for disgusting
I don't understand that at all
holy shit can I Drive a manual car I
never have to don't know any hidden
talents I always used to say that my
hidden talents were or my hidden talents
I don't I don't have many pylons I'm
more of like a work until I get mediocre
at something and then switch to the next
thing and become jack-of-all-trades kind
of person but um the one thing that I
can do I'm really good at remembering
lyrics from songs and so I can because
of the song that we learned in
elementary school I can do all 50 states
in alphabetical order I'm just like
whatever a lot of people can do that but
Jay is always like shocked at how well I
remember lyrics songs cuz up until
recently he didn't even really care
about lyrics and songs he didn't care
what they said but he cared to have them
you know like he likes the sound of them
oh hey Tara
became a fan a while ago and I'm very
happy to see things getting better for
you and hope your new year's price is
awesome thank you it's been it's been
really good this year like last year was
good I I hate when I hear people
bitching like 2017 is the worst year
2016 is the worst year like it can be
the worst year personally to you but
when you listen to all these people
talking about why it's the worst year
it's like political shit and my favorite
artist did this math like do you have a
life of your own do you have a
personality of your own like hobbies and
interests that don't just coincide with
what you read in the like drama papers
drama papers that makes me sound old
like you know People magazine and
BuzzFeed and stuff it's really silly
like and people are so like naturally
pessimistic and negative it's like oh
why your life you have so much in your
life and it's often these like
Millennials that have so much
and they appreciate none of it like when
Thanksgiving comes around I'm like I
don't need to do this I'm thankful for
every single day that I put my feet on
the floor from getting out of bed or
just laying in bed with my cat and stuff
it's it's fucking amazing my life is
amazing and even if it's not perfect I'm
not gonna dwell on the few things that I
want to improve I'm gonna go and prove
those things and then make my life twice
as perfect I don't I don't understand
why people have such a shit attitude
about things
my butt is real yeah I have a little bit
of extra fat on me right now like I'm
not skinny so that attribute that helps
my butt being big also I got liposuction
on my thighs last year and that made my
butt look why is this big and also when
you get liposuction in a certain place
you're removing excess fat cells which
then if you gain weight you're gaining
it in other places like your butt so
that's helped also I've always been a
natural like you're they used to call me
like tier shape but back in high school
I I've always had a big butt I don't
know even what I'm thin I have a big
butt not like big not like oh that's
clearly a fake ass but like what I'm
really thin when I'm like 110 pounds or
something I still have like a nice
shaped ass I'm not one of those girls
that has like a inverted asshole you
know whatever get another breast
enlargement enlargement no I would I
mean I would go up in a size before I
got a breast lift because the breast
lifts does the scar underneath I really
don't like that but um I don't foresee
myself wanting to go bigger other than
to alleviate any kind of sagging or
anything any bad habit lots lots of bad
habit my relationship with food is shit
that's one bad habit I guess you would
call it um I say um I don't like that I
want perfect pristine speech all the
fucking time I lose my train of thought
if I try to speak slowly I can't
remember a lot of things when I'm
filming like I actually have bullet
points on my phone usually when I'm
filming a certain topic so that I don't
forget anything
that's really important to me I never
write scripts anymore like I used to
occasionally write scripts especially
for the gaming channel but um yeah no
problem Finn I have no problem with you
guys not being able to support me on
patreon I appreciate everyone who does
and I still appreciate everyone who just
watches here and hang
that enjoys the concept yeah ah is there
anyone you would ever collab with on
YouTube or twitch people who I actually
have good chemistry with I would collab
with but I'm not a person like it makes
me cringe on like a whole nother level
when I see all of these people just like
collabing because they'll make money off
of it I can't stand having people in my
space or in my content that I don't
actually like so the only people right
now I would like to collab with if you
know I could I would collab with the
panca I would clap with brycie obviously
we wouldn't do any actual porn but I
would love to do videos with brycie I
think she's a great person
very interesting I've never met her in
real life but I would love to um I I
would haven't still would do stuff with
Toby Turner because I know him
personally um and we get along and we
both like games I would you stop for
Jeremy John's probably there are very
few people that I'm actually interested
in blabbing with yeah I'm not interested
in fabulous Dobby birthday if I ever
became friends with her sure but her
content is like not for me not for me
I'm guilty of doing too much of the
negative but I'm slowly working on
fixing that blog of mine yeah yeah um
something that's to panca said in her
video today by the way you should check
her out she's cool she answered my
questions though I'm like super grateful
she's another youtuber step2 a I think
is her channel it's like Stephanie but
that ponca anyway she said saying
affirmations in the mirror I always
thought that was silly I was always like
why the fuck of people talking to
themselves in the mirror about how great
they are when they don't feel like
they're great that can't work but then
when I hear someone who actually has a
little bit of clout with me say
something like that who you know isn't a
retard I'm like maybe that would work
whatever fucking works for you to make
you being a better more positive mindset
it's important it's not it's it's
important to be realistically optimistic
like don't expect the world don't expect
anything from anyone
but be happy when good things happen to
you and try not to dwell on the negative
try to improve the things that you don't
like about yourself or about your
situation and just to focus on working
on things coz if you're on the path to
working on things the only way you can
go is up you know like it's just stuff
like that if you have to look if you
have to look at dumb memes dumb
inspirational memes or whatever you have
to do just get there whoa Joey oh my god
don't spoil me again please I love you
thank you I appreciate it I feel like
shit today because my hair is gross I
mean I like the way that my face looks
today but my hair I don't know
only in some situations like I have to
be like straight on like this and then I
feel like an elf that's cute
oh yeah not my favorite look who's what
I'm saying
um question do girls actually come yes
they do but it's not like okay when a
girl comes her nipples get hard and her
breasts well she has a full bot it's
like a full body feeling that's also
centered down in the vagina she can come
from vaginal stimulation or vaginal
penetration or oral stimulation some
people can even come from just like
nipple rubbing or like any kind of like
it's mainly mentals you can even come
from just like thinking and being in the
right mindset but women do come we
secrete like milky type liquid like out
of the walls of our vagina more so when
we come and when we're just turned on
and we definitely feel it we actually
have longer orgasms than men pretty cool
oh yeah why can't you be a better role
model for white people oh my god are you
the guy from my discard what's up what's
up Jimmy McGee sin or biggest BBC lover
as I like to call you of course
loud guys and not so loud guys any
preference as long as a guy doesn't come
off is supremely unintelligent in his
loudness then I'm fine with lab guys
quiet guys I would say turn me on more
if
I like I like virgins and I like nerd
and in a certain capacity I don't like
just any virgin or any nerds obviously
he has to be physically attractive as
well but um something about that and the
mystery is always interesting to me but
I can also get behind someone who was
like a youtuber or a loudmouth or super
like outspoken like Jay super outspoken
he was like classified when I met him
very loud very obnoxious
so both I think one is more like my
fetish for dominating like a virgin II
type guys and then my other is just my
need to be dominated by masculine beta
or fucking alpha men there's a different
question do you like Asian yeah I like
Asian guys and girls yeah I like Asian
girls more than Asian guys but yeah an
Asian culture mostly Japanese culture
and some Korean culture I like kpop a
little bit love anime manga and
everything Japan except for some of the
food I don't like any Asian food except
for fried rice
tofu rough sex hundred percent dominate
you oh man that would be fun I like
dominating people I do I always thought
I was just a submissive because that's
like my favorite kind of sex to be
dominated by an alpha male or like a big
strong guy but with a rubber tongue and
the few other submissives that have had
it's actually fun it's fun to be a witch
as they would call it favorite anime I
used I have all of the sets of Dragon
Ball Z talking about GT and most of
Dragonball but as much as I love Dragon
Ball Z I really feel like attack on
Titan is the only reason I don't think
attack on Titan is my absolute favorite
is because they have so few seasons and
I've never read the manga and I feel
like I shouldn't be making a decision
based on one point five seasons and like
versus so much content so much Dragon
Ball Z content and stuff and Dragon Ball
content so it's like I like Vegeta be
short he's too short you know I like
piccolo Piccolo's my guy even though he
doesn't have a penis or probably doesn't
have a penis
when's the truth or dare special coming
oh dude it takes me like one day to do
one of the questions so in a while it'll
be done I promise you it'll be done I
never don't do things that I say I'll do
but it might take a while I'm gonna be
honest it's not gonna be this week or
next week I have something like stuff
planned for next week and stuff but soon
oh I've had people donate 500 to me
online I mean why is this stupid if you
want to support a creator I don't see
the problem like what if the person is
super rich and like $500 nothing to them
or what if it's a lot to them but they
feel like they're giving to the good
cause or something I don't see why
people act like they try to presume that
they know what other people should do
with their money or their time it's like
as long as you're happy just do whatever
the fuck you want
I played five for one so no okay do some
dares now no I meant any dares we'll
save that for the truth or dare video
unless the deers are like super vacuous
then I'll do them I don't know you get
throw things out to me I'm fine with
that
ah do you and J could ever go ever go
out and walk on the strip when my hubby
and I go to Vegas that's one of my
favorite things to do the strip so
quickly turns into the ghettoest thing
ever I don't like going down to the
strip maybe when I start concealed
carrying and I feel more secure in that
but like literally if you park without
going through the hotels and you have to
like walk into an alleyway it's the
creepiest shit ever there are tons of
fucking homeless people but on the strip
and like side strip areas some of them
can be nice no we don't really walk on
the strip that much we've only been to
the strip for the Olympia and because I
was staying down there when I first got
here that's it ah yeah you're if you're
13 you're too young today
drops are definitely gay
definitely gay furture I've never
watched a legit anime show what show
would you recommend if I wanted to start
watching if you like food food Wars food
Juarez has the highest amount of
likeable people likeable characters but
the premise is dumb because I'm not a
foodie I don't like food all the food
that they're showing off is gross save
for like one dish with like eggs or
something
III don't like most of the yeah food
horses is really good you're gonna be
pissed off that there's only three
seasons um
attack on Titan if you want something
bloody and gory and just like it'll tug
at your heartstrings and you're just
like I cannot believe that happened and
that character died that way what is
going on this is supposed to be an anime
about kiddies and young people but it's
just like fucking oh my god
I love it um I haven't watched much of
what's the called the one where it's
like virtual reality video gaming stuff
rather I don't think you should watch
dragon ball or anything for you for oh
you would love Inuyasha
watching new Yasha I like Inuyasha a lot
like the sexual tension between any Asha
and Kagome and fucking whatever Kagome
is in or whatever the fuck oh I love
that show so much it's more like a entry
level you can find it on Cartoon Network
type of anime oh yeah you're amazing at
doing voices have you thought about
becoming a voice actor also is there
anyone you can do an impression of I'm
not amazing at doing voices I hate my
own voice as well but I would definitely
take a voice over anything for sure whoa
I'm cute thank you so much I'd like to
be dominated by you been a fan for
awhile I should just do um there's this
girl violet doll
she lived in Seattle as well but I've
never met her in real life she has like
the perfect body and lip uh-huh
and she does stuff like this she's like
a what's it called
whatever dumb that takes your money or
whatever and she does like fanservice
Friday type things but nude I love that
chick I always thought if I did want to
do any kind of porn or camming it would
be like high production dominatrix shit
I think that would be really cool so
yeah sword art online Thank You J mood
I've only watched the first episode but
it looks really interesting and a lot of
people super loved it bin Dom Thank You
kitten I appreciate it
next with or without makeup both
whenever I usually have sex with makeup
on because it'll be out there I've done
everything but I never put on makeup
just for sex and I never take off makeup
whisper sec would you ever think about
having highlight you mean like in my
hair not a fan of not platinum blonde
hair oh the only thing I would do to my
hair is I want to do the the fire hair
again wear like this much of my hair is
like fire and then I could get like red
red extensions underneath and this part
can be like yellow and then or like
orange to yellow and then red underneath
I think that would be really cool um I
would only do like fun colors and the
only other color I would ever consider
dyeing my hair is misty orange red
that's what I would do that as well you
and J should check out Poncho's Vegas
tacos it's so good one of my favorite
places stop by when we're in Texas ha is
that that's vegan right cuz your outlook
so of course I should where is it
maybe it's like too close to the strip
or something I swear I've looked for all
of the vegan restaurants here and like
my favorite is like a veggie way because
veggie way has like the veggie burgers
and milkshakes and being hungry just
thinking about it oh my god yes tweet me
the address thank you great Fischbach
know even when i wasn't vegan fish's
gross fish smells bad people are like
that's like no it's fucking gross always
and as this is like disgusting texture
oh it's so awful
Oh Tara when you go shooting to not wear
low-cut shirts the hot shelves will burn
your Tatas oh I know but that I've had
too hot chills legs touch my arm and it
wasn't really that big of a deal I don't
know but yeah I can imagine one like
actually going into my shirt in my
titties and just like leaving marks I do
have like white people skin so very easy
that I get red and stuff eating bbc's I
would do that I would eat human meat so
like if anyone wants to offer their BBC
or WBC or WASD or what mean SD whatever
you want I'll eat it what will you and
age do you and day will you and Jay do
more hiking um yeah hopefully we just
never do anything you know like my
birthday week was an excuse to like go
out and actually do some things I wanted
to like cut off my list but take off the
gate ow I was taking it off before you
said anything so it's not for you don't
feel special I don't want to like hook
up my choker don't talk shit about my
gay al named Owen oh my god when you
have sex are you nervous no another
emotion I don't get very much okay so I
must get nervous because every time I'm
in a top eight of a magic tournament or
something I bomb but I don't feel it
it's almost like I self-sabotage because
I don't feel like I'm good enough to do
this so I'm like obviously I'm gonna
fail let's just get it over with or
something and it's like subconscious
thing I don't know because I don't feel
like or like adrenaline or you know like
I played against people in magic who I
thought we're just super attracted to me
and they're like oh land love and I'm
like can you calm the fuck down it's
just a magic tournament at F&M and then
I watched them play against Jay and I'm
like far away so it can't be me and
they're like oh well I'm like oh my god
how can you even survive being so like
what is wrong with you
I I don't have that I don't have that
not chill you know I'm free chill you
enjoy sex physically or mentally /
emotionally as well um I wouldn't say
it's usually emotional but um I often am
attracted to someone's personality
because their intelligence or
interesting and then they're not perfect
looks I can still have fun with in bed
so some part of it is personality but
most of it is just physical yeah
definitely just physical that's why I
don't care really that much about the
personality were the few points or
anything like that as people that I
would fuck and that's why in my
controversial people out fuck video I
would fuck people like Richard Richards
through a Richard Spencer because I
don't care what is retarded political
beliefs are or his ideologies or his
personality I just you know for some
reason find him attractive
Ruben thank you yes I'm Ruben oh my god
thank you yeah I'm so said that it's not
popping up like it's supposed to be I
wish I could figure out why it's so
stupid I hope you make a foot fetish
fanservice Friday again your feet or
what brought me to your channel over a
year ago I thought your other content
and fell in love I'll keep that in mind
I'll at least do like a tease like a
foot Keith I need to get my nails done
right now there this is like four months
of grow up or whatever but I'm not going
to the salon much anymore because in
France save money and fucking expensive
I spend like $100 every six weeks like
you I started doing my own nails and
yeah I'll start doing my toenails and
stuff too um I do like Marilyn Manson I
don't know what my favorite song is
Marilyn Manson I think about it I feel
like is a second newest album or the one
with the heart-shaped glasses I feel
like that one's good and everyone gives
it like bad a bad rap you know like why
when I'm doing better alright that
murder fanfic yes please
oh my god guys write me fanfiction like
it's not gonna be as good as kittens
obviously but if you guys ever write me
into fanfiction I'll bring up that um
that fan fan written fanfiction
a series again and I'll read it for you
guys and it's sexy and cool or scary I
want to be murdered I want to be raped I
want to be fucked by a vampire like come
on just fucking make the content calm
you know
thank you contact um I was like messing
around with a guy for a little bit who
was really into literati qey like as a
thing he would jerk off to I thought
that was so weird but it's interesting
stuff like that especially fanfiction I
like reading like like yeah we I just
recently learned that term but like yeah
we type fanfiction about like my
favorite anime characters or I like
reading hentai anime I think that's
public itchy or no h-he is when it's not
penetration I like full-on fucking manga
and my favorite manga before I started
reading legit manga was knows Oh Keanu
and it's like this really sexually
charged sexy awesomeness I love it
favorite celebrity I'm not famous love
reads that much celebrity I would most
want to fuck right now or always is Ben
Affleck or Benedict Cumberbatch but um I
don't really care about celebrities in
terms of like you know after I mentioned
it yeah so good I haven't even finished
it you probably like read more of it
than I did because I had to stop at a
certain point so it wasn't all out but
it's all out now so definitely
definitely if I could take my hoodie off
and stand up it would be greatly
appreciated I'm sorry
if you want to rewatch the body I like
didn't my my leggings are pretty
see-through and I did like a stuff now
like anything crazy just showing my butt
oh it's cool II have so many people to
care about you and your content I wish I
had that luxury oh I know
I sometimes like wish I had more I think
it would be really fun to have any one
bigger community of people I love
reading the comments on my videos it's
like one of my favorite things to do so
often I'm like wishing that I had a
million subscribers and like 500 that
are like 200,000 at least every
so that I had more common you know and
people would make memes of me I think
that's like amazing about internet
celebrity ISM is that you get that
connection with your viewers and stuff
and you get to see like cool stuff spawn
from your work so I really do feel lucky
and proud that I've made something out
of just my looks and my intellect in my
personality very cool
I never feel bad for myself for not
having enough did you want the fanfic
fiction written by hand or digitally
whatever you like my handle would be
incredibly personal and that would be
really fucking cool but obviously I'm
not gonna force you to like I if you
asked me to write you something like
longer than just a short letter I'd be
like fuck you too fucking hard I I do my
autographs for my patreon patrons the
$15 here every month and like my hand
starts falling off them like I don't use
this anymore for this thing now I have
calluses though it might not be as bad
I have calluses on these three fingers
because I'm playing bass I've ever seen
the abridged versions of Dragon Ball Z
and health thing no I watched a healthy
ultimate and I just recently found out I
think those from one of you guys like
last dream about the pulsing a bridge mm
but I haven't watched the Dragon Ball Z
ones because I don't know
I'm watched Super either Dragon Ball
super my necklace is deadly Hallows
but can Harry Potter I didn't know
either
cuz I'm retarded like I should have
known because I watched the movies
recently and I'm sure this is in the
movies as well as the book but I like
Harry Potter just not nearly as much as
Demi and that means the one this that
this to me do a fish impression with
your mouth
I feel like the the fish from from Mario
more like some racist mr. Popo character
show my tip ah make your hair on fire
but coming out you had I'd rather not
are you partially a monogamous with Jay
but will fuck anyone else sounds
confusing if you want to watch my my
non-monogamous sex life video I think
it's titled exactly that you just type
in monogamous and fair babcock you can
watch it it explains it pretty well if
I'm ever monogamous it's an accident
it's not like a rule that I bestow on to
him or he puts on to me yes I would
totally let you die from here down of my
hair whatever you want but I definitely
don't want to fuck with the top I always
want to be a platinum blonde but it just
like does stuff you know feelings about
the title gay Oh J mode what was the
title you you suggested I remember it
being good but then I totally forgot I
needed to change the title
what would I let you suck my toes it's a
pence dude pens on our relationship I
did not speak Spanish you did a drawing
of me tag me on Instagram or Twitter
that's her about cock I would be the
perfect Harlequin I would have to get
the accent down better mr. J I mr. J
can't do it can't do it
you're an ass type man ass man type ass
man assimilate those like some kind of
fucking superhero any movies or TV shows
you would love to play a character on -
it's so funny but for so many years my
dream was to just for some reason be a
guest scientist on Mythbusters I just I
loved it I loved the idea of Mythbusters
but they're all fucking weird liberal
freaks I swear but it would be fun yeah
I would I would love to do stuff like
that I always wanted to do stuff like
that I wouldn't be on any fucking TV
show though honestly I don't at all want
to be an actress but to see myself on a
TV show or to play a role on a TV show
would be pretty cool
why am i so conceited did you wash my
Terry's Commons ah if you choose between
ultra-strong or old for a week fuck dude
I don't know I'd have to go the oldest
drawing I think I did a test for what's
called for my political leaning
yesterday on Twitch and I got a
classical liberal I'm hoping that
something like libertarian cuz that's
what I self-identify as and that's what
I've gotten before Shakespearean insults
and porn stars all right let's do it
hold on
there we go I spilled Shakespearean
wrong hold on there we go
Shakespearean insults and pornstar
memoirs that's what I did oh all right
yeah it's okay to be whatever you want
to be obviously I'm fine with that
it's just being super liberal it's like
not something I align with and if you're
like sjw communist the I agree not a fan
of that but obviously you can you know
try to change my mind
thank you Gerardo I don't like live
action in nope not a fan
I I know you sent me it before I think
you sent it to me and I watched a little
bit of it and I'm like like no one can
ever encompass the awesomeness that is
any anime character just that they're
just like two Asian or two men or two
just like not badass or I don't like the
guy's face or the voice is off I watched
the the Netflix original fucking Death
Note and it was okay but I was like this
isn't Death Note
you know it's like another cool
interesting thing and when I got over it
being death no dish I liked it more I
want to watch the live action
Japanese Death Note I think that'd be
cool Oh dead star thank you for giving
me just the tip I will take it I would
take it it was your other fuck Adolph
Hitler or Joseph Stalin I find neither
of them physically attractive they'll
probably Hitler Hitler at his peak
because I wouldn't want to be part of
the the higher-ups and the nastya so I
get my pick of all the like lower Nazi
officers that were probably like super
hot
yeah whoo Joey thank you better to be in
sdw than a white nationalist there's
nothing wrong with being a white
nationalist there's something wrong with
being like a white supremists in my
opinion I like I don't agree with being
a white nationalist but I also
definitely don't agree with being an ST
W so I don't think either or I don't
think either bad or than the other I
mean it's a noble and they think it's a
noble intention the white nationalist
Ally two hugs oh it's so wonderful to be
hugged by you guys thank you so much
would you rather light leather leggings
or latex leggings latex I'm not a fan of
leather you ever noticed that J looks
like Tom Hardy with a beard Tom Hardy
sometimes has a beard but it's a bad one
mind you a bad one very bad it's like
patchy and awful people need to realize
that like if you're growing in the beard
it's gonna be patchy for a while but
like you got to stick with it you got to
fucking stick with the beard and then
it'll grow in better darkness snap oh
thank you but no spam please thank you
so one Bitcoin if I could worship your
feet you have to sell it when it's high
those two meet
and then you can worship my feet thank
you so much for the tip the super chat
you guys had me calling it tip if you
think Jason Momoa is sexy yes I do
yes I do doing an orgy with brycie like
a bunch of girl it would have to be a
bunch of girls but she only fucks her
husband right you have any tips for
people that are socially awkward first
of all being an introvert is okay don't
feel bad about yourself it's not a
detraction from who you are
more often introverts are more
thoughtful more intelligent often the
more intelligent people don't like enjoy
interacting with a wide array of people
they're not more just like look at me
attention right now just attention right
now like come on just
tension like party Lu but being socially
awkward is obviously something you want
to get over because you're gonna miss
out on a lot of you know good
interpersonal relationships
I'm not socially awkward I have I'm
awkward but like it doesn't bother me
you know like I don't care at all change
who I am um you can be autistic and all
intelligence in the actual autistic
sense I functioning autists they're like
they have no problem with their IQ or
anything like that
ah how to not be socially awkward like
man practice practice makes perfect to
force yourself into situations where you
have to talk and then just try to be
yourself try to be natural try to make
jokes try to think about where you can
take the conversation like based on what
they've said and try to read into what
they're saying so that you know where
they want the conversation to go and
then you'll just be a hit make jokes try
try to be more confident in yourself a
lot of times people who are socially
awkward they're just not confident than
the things that they're saying don't
overthink things like a lot of people
will say something or be afraid to say
something and then they're like oh my
god that's gonna haunt me the rest of my
life but chances are the person who
heard what you're saying even if they
thought it was kind of weird they forgot
about it already like instantly it's
still like BBC damn dude like it's only
been like a month since I made my last
hailing of BBC video of course I mean
I've never had any BBC news though I'd
like to try someday you know Stan vivir
hire hired a professional cuddlers I
would it would be interesting I would do
it how do I talk so fast my brain is
moving faster trust me
you think hookers should be legal yes
this is Owen
Owens my chicken I've been trying to not
be socially awkward for 23 years
just only talk to other so shut off for
people good advice good advice that we
your I've never felt like you're
socially awkward when you talk online so
I feel like even with myself I'm so much
better in tech now all socially awkward
people probably feel the same way try
practice just typing the first thing you
think and then realizing what you would
want to change before you send it and
then you can kind of do that in real
life and your head real quick and is
there a difference between love and
desire obviously desire is like a lust
type thing like a wanting that like
poles that you but love is caring about
someone a lot it goes beyond the
physical
definitely warning this bag is not a toy
to avoid danger and suffocation keep
this plastic bag away from babies and
children do not use this bag in cribs
beds carriages or playpen imagine if I
just like stuck this in a crib here kids
have fun like something I would do for
sure it's easy for you to say be social
you're an attractive woman try saying
that to an ugly awkward bar man fat man
you mean being me as hell
just don't get be come on ugly and
unpack workout in the gym fucking try to
emulate a style that you think is an
attractive man maybe girl beard that
hides a face that is objectively ugly if
you actually are I've never seen you um
girls like fucking glasses and stuff
please shit like that up like getting a
nice pair of frames that fit your face
like do research on my shit you know if
you care to get out of your rut like
work on yourself you're not gonna get
anywhere it's not gonna work on
ah bright razor if you're an introvert
and embarrass yourself don't worry you
can always kill yourself don't do it
it's not worth
oh if I gave myself and I gave myself
the nickname when I was younger it was
misty because I was obsessed with
Pokemon and then I realized that on
Amazon boxes it often says miss Keith it
doesn't anymore because I moved but I
used to say miss T babka and I was like
oh when I found that out is amazing
you okay so you know how I tweeted this
one but the way to not be creepy to
women be attractive you can do the
creepiest shit well not the creepiest
you can be a little bit more creepy and
women will still like follow a route
that Tommy Lauren chick is super less
hot and way less martyr version of you
she's pretty smart I wouldn't say she's
super smart
I don't like look up to her or whatever
she's also pretty hot she's a nice body
and great hair extensions and usually a
pretty face she's younger than me by
like two and a half years there's that I
can't believe fucking Lauren southern is
22 she doesn't look 22 to me at all and
I feel like she's smarter than the
average 22 year old woman but she's
still pretty stupid in my opinion just
still smarter than I would think a 22
year old woman would be oh you just
don't like her because she's right-wing
Joey I'm so much better in text I just
like to draw I just like to draw oh you
just like , like draw a blank when
trying to talk to other people my age
because I can't relate most of the same
oh my god every time someone talks to me
I'm like uh-huh yeah okay thanks bye and
I just try to get out of there as soon
as possible that's not because I'm
socially awkward I'm just a misanthrope
I don't like talking to people you know
I like talking to you guys because you
guys have similar interests and you're
supportive of me and I don't feel like
you're just a face in the crowd like a
stranger the stranger has no reason to
feel connected to me and they have
nothing in common with me like 90% of
the times it's like
Oh even I like gaming events them often
like oh you know I'm saying I can talk
to older people a lot better than I can
talk to people my own age I don't talk
to anyone well I only talk to people who
have similar and just similar interest
for me I'm not caught up on Black Mirror
but I have I really like black maker my
favorite episodes are the the lesbian
one with the black chick in the redhead
what were the other one I made a video
about this one of my fucking favorites I
talked about oh the the AI boyfriend one
that was really good those are my
favorite played okie dokie literature
club it's a really dark game oh that was
fun
is it a visual novel though I hate
reading like I hate reading out loud to
my viewers and I would probably the want
to play it on screen on stream green
serious question how can DC fix their
movies and get on Marvel's level Marvel
movies are just jokes they're just like
funny they're not dark or deep or
anything I don't know I'm not a huge fan
of like either of the movie franchises
anymore which is sad because I don't I
don't do many comic books I'm not like
super into comic books so I feel like
superheroes are being ruined for me a
little bit first thing
it has a lot of reading but you'd love
it when you get it good okay if you
really think I would love it probably
true that I would love it I'm the type
of girl or type of girl I have a guy who
much prefers to let the woman take the
first make the first move especially if
I approach a woman that I feel like they
might find it creepy even though it's
not my intention to be creepy yeah
especially in this day and age you can
come off as creepy even when you don't
intend to um I'm someone who makes the
first move as well almost always but
that's probably because most people are
like they either don't know about me and
I'm just like hitting them up or um I
don't know I just I'm more assertive
than most women and I know what I want
and I don't really want to wait for
random guys to come hit on me I want to
like choose guys and then go after them
I have no idea but the new scent magic
I've been out of magic for a while other
than the whole Jeremy drama oh man so
bad so fucking bad Wizards drop in the
bowl fucking again hey have you played
oxygen-oxygen not included since you did
the losing my virginity you bet on it no
I haven't because I don't understand how
to have make a sustainable amount of
food I don't understand it at all and I
was like whatever fuck it's I'm spending
like 40 minutes just to die for sure
because I can't get far enough to find
some food and there's no food there
wasn't a food maker
you know apart from Tara my second
favorite person is Demi oh you and Demi
are both cute I love you guys so much
top five best is friends on the internet
which is friends in real life because
yeah well like British guys are American
guys more British people by default to
get points because they act then
so I guess British guys you're always
drunk Joey stop drinking so much five
streams I find more fun than normal
videos to be honest that's that's cool I
was worried that a lot of people who
like fnm the way it is would be pissed
that's why I do the first half just like
regular fnm and then I like the talk and
chill afterwards what my dick is are
Montagna what a Montagna stop spamming
Montagna dick I love your accent I had
no idea that you had such a wonderful
British accent I was like oh my god when
I saw it and shit there says so good I
feel like I knew that you were British
but I didn't know I just didn't click to
me like you don't look like a guy for
some reason that we have a British
accent which is like two thumbs up so
good I'm 28 now right yeah 28 Aussie are
British
Aussies are usually more tan so probably
Aussie what's your take on Bill Maher
don't really have an opinion on it not
sure why what aspects like has he done
something has he raped someone
hashtag Devin - hashtag yeah I would be
cool - British accent but it's too cold
myself no it doesn't work if I do it
it's a fucking other people thing want
your several friends what are the
heights they normally go for what the
height like when jumping to their death
the back
Bill Maher's the dirty kike damn dude
your jewel ever Jew best friend Jew
forever all the music on here is the
music that someone made for me usually
in the description of my videos if you
scroll down they'll be linked to his
work go check it out it'll be in the
description right now - how does it feel
knowing sexbots make you obsolete I
don't think they do I think I'm just as
hot as a sexpot and I'll give you some
legit head and I'm a person who actually
enjoys giving you that legit head and
they also think I have a personality to
back it up that isn't a I and a I will
never Trump real relationships with
people in my opinion I think if I were
like some fat feminist blue haired cunt
that treats her men like pieces of shit
I would definitely be obsolete but my
obsolescence is not set in stone even if
you think that possibly it will be are
you into edging or have you ever tried
it I've never heard edging being used
for female isn't that when you just like
you don't count you like try not to come
for like a really long time kind of like
a Kama Sutra type thing um I have I've
done all kinds of masturbation I can
come really fast but I've never tried it
with a partner I don't think
which facewash do you I use an
all-natural vegan
honey and oatmeal scrub in the shower
and then when I get out of the shower I
use witch hazel on a little circle
cotton thing in a rub it all over my
face that's what I use for like toner
and then after that I put like two drops
in my hand of hyaluronic acid rub it and
then I put on whatever moisturizer I use
something light but definitely never
skip the moisturizer even if you have
greasy skin we were talking about this
last night on my Twitter stream I rubbed
all kinds of things on I think even the
comes
you have a supper menker this guy has a
supper men car Australian through the
shinzou I love bearing and sugar tits
because they're fucking axes
I know what sugar tits looks like but I
feel like it doesn't really matter what
bearing looks like I totally have a
threesome with them yep
hit me up she's attractive so I'm
assuming he's attractive fish at least
he sounds dumped like he sounds like he
would be like a dumb dude that likes
beer a lot or something but he says some
great shit his content amazing the
hilarious how do I feel about the
Seahawks not a fan of football my
parents will be like the apps doctor
no fucking way out but not me that is a
accurate representation of my parents on
Monday Night Football Sunday Night
Football
Bjarne night football whatever the fuck
Oh getting a shout-out from you would be
the highlight of my night
Partin wha hey Danielle Mendiola Pengy
thank you execute like hanky-panky
shoutouts my grill Danielle
can I do a turkey impression what with
that let the chicken impression it's bad
I should do it on YouTube I'm gonna do
in my underwear base covers once I get
good enough that is my life's goal to do
in my underwear fucking cover of money
cover of fucking so many fucking metal
songs I can't even
Oh Slipknot songs with a paternity Gert
like oh so bad I want let's play a game
I'm technically not allowed to play
games even saw type games on this stream
because I have a contract which
unfortunately have you been to an owl
sanctuary no but I would love to if
there's one in Vegas I'll be there
tomorrow where is he he'll come she was
sleeping when I started
so are you custom videos no I mean I
would possibly be Willy - that's the
money's right but I don't I used to I
used to do custom like chat - but no
like men I don't have to do it though I
don't like it that much
favorite female porn stars little in the
middle oh I like I always forget her
name what is her name
guys you know my favorite people on
force are what Samantha st. we've got
Samantha see we've got I really like
Peter Jensen
there's this one chick that I keep like
wanting to click on who they see her
from far away and she's super hot but
her tits aren't that great I forgot her
name I watched her the other night some
blonde chick with like a perfect body
except her tips are weird they're like
it's like she shoved small implants
incited but as long as I live you have a
place to stay where is Eve Eve I don't
know why she's not coming it's sad days
you a hair is so greasy from the back
holy shit anyone noticed ha ha is there
a switch stream after this probably not
I'm not feeling well today
yeah Joey I know porn star names because
I watch porn yeah yeah if I ever do go
to AVM AVN's in January right if I ever
go to ABN I'll definitely be plugging it
for sure for sure the note when I'm
gonna do a baby did she came I told you
come here this Mary wants to see you
she was sleeping my cat is black how do
you feel you racist man I love my black
kitty oh she's so sleepy she's gonna
fall asleep
Oh
black is not bad luck it's actually good
fortunate pan I love my kitty so much
she's such a miracle kitty I love this
hey you use it for like my makeup what
are you doing I got box for you baby I
got back a new stuff yeah Joey explain
to me how porn is exploitative when the
people in porn are 100% okay with it and
maybe even enjoy do it if they're
consenting it's not exploitative even if
someone means to exploit them and
they're if they're in full awareness of
what they are doing
then there's no problem whatsoever Eve's
in a box of course she's in a bar I have
no idea which one most fanservice Friday
16 because consent does not mean it's
good the women in porn are abuse victims
I disagree the women in porn are just
enjoying their sexuality and expressing
it in a way that they want to and
they're making tons and tons of money
doing so don't feel bad for people who
make life choices feel bad for people
who are actually exploited like child
porn and fucking sex trafficking abuse
and rape victims don't even feel sorry
for them just fucking
bring them up with your I'm happy that
you made it through yet haha I know if
something like that happened to me I
would really not want anyone to be
feeling bad for me or like tiptoeing
around oh I don't know click super chat
Oh on the bottom there's an icon of like
an emoticon and then next to it on the
right of it is like a dollar sign you
can click that you don't ask you though
I appreciate just you guys watching and
hanging out it's wonderful yeah see
there's life after sex abuse
congratulations for having a wife
booster on this button where is my
Boulder Jay is streaming on Twitch right
now actually you guys can go say hi to
Oh what the fuck why do I have to sign
in chat fuck you in the ass
I can't even chat let me pop out the
chat restore chat pop out chat eyelash
oh it's better now
there today a bitch oh my god bitch the
TV / Dzeko 5 that's where he is right
now I guess I should be doing the HTTP
why do I keep signing in this hair a
Babcock cave what is this what's the
worst thing I've ever done
I'm a moral nihilist there are a bunch
of things that a lot of people don't
like that I've done so I don't know
which one's the worst I guess it would
be up to you guys to decide I don't know
I don't do a lot of bad things to other
people because as a libertarian I'm like
live and let live like do my own shows
as long as it's not hurting anyone else
but when I was younger I eat it on a lot
of boyfriend's and did some fucked-up
shit
I regret that because I'm against
cheating or misuse of trust in any way
in a relationship top 5 favorite games
well first of all my childhood favorite
is Super Mario there's three the one on
the All Starz cartridge that has many
many more colors that that was like my
shit I play I've finished that game like
30 times or something even recently I
did it on my youtube channel but not
seriously oh my god
God of War 3 is one of my favorite games
I also like the Sanskrit Brotherhood but
I feel like it's been taken down a few
pegs by a bunch of other games I really
like this house is freed franchise
though I work with more like franchises
and game ideas than I do like favorite
game because to me that change is kind
of like favorite song but let's see
Widow
I really loved heavy rain heavy rain is
definitely one of my favorite games of
all time
it's a kiddie box
he approves of the lipgloss I have two
channels in its which channel sorry I'm
yelling at you baby I want to go in the
box with her I want to go in the box
with her you are such a sleepy today why
is this alright we're gonna put you here
yep now she is kind of in the frame
ah there we go
you guys see or not there you go
I have tons of fetishes big dicks being
dominated to rape fantasies mask
fetishes
it's creepy like creepy Slipknot type
stuff fetishes definitely have a mask
finish though that's oh yes um my mom
actually collects a bunch of like rare
coins and stuff I never have I think
it's in her will or she's gonna put it
in her will or something that if she
ever dies all that shit goes to me I'm
sure it's worth a decent amount of money
but no I don't collect the only thing I
collects is plushies and like
collectibles from like video games and
anime and stuff but I do a bondage
fanservice Freddie you filthy slut
Danielle I don't know dude I don't work
working who's not my shit
I definitely can I think I can I did the
closest thing that'll ever dude it's
working in this week's fanservice Friday
whoo Joey thank you for the Moonies why
do you find rape attractive it's a power
fantasy I'm really into submission so
the idea of losing control and having
someone just like dominate me against my
will is like something that's super sexy
to me I don't know may we fap to your
soul my soul yeah you can fast through
ever the fuck you want I am NOT the
arbiter of your penis enjoyment thank
you by the way
I really wish I was popping up on screen
it makes me so sad yes Slipknot in
character all fucking 9 Plus dead as
fuck
what's-his-face and Joey who's not in
the fucking band right now just get in
fucking character and fucking oh yeah
I'm not saying if you raped me I would
like it but if you were able to be that
dominating it would be an interesting
change for you it would probably be more
of a turn-on than not raping if I didn't
want to have sex with you you know like
okay if I didn't want to have sex with a
guy and I ended up having sex with a guy
consensually that would be less fun than
not wanting to have sex with a guy and
being raised by the guy because there's
that added like thrill like adrenaline
rush type thing I think show my bra oh
it's very pretty I like wearing my thing
like that you can kind of see it a
little bit yes I like that it looks Lexi
doesn't it
uh would you think he would react
differently if you had been raped to
someone who has been raped as well what
to someone uh what do you mean you have
to elaborate on that thank you for the
wonderful videos experience and
knowledge you shared with us I learned
so much off your channel Paul what's
awesome to hear I don't even care if I
change people's mind or if they learn
something for me I just want people to
think about their positions that they've
probably held their entire life because
their environments or their family or
someone told them to think that way I
like helping people think outside the
box or helping people acknowledge there
are other people like them out there or
worse than them out there I usually take
the take the fucking role of being worse
than the people that are watching my
videos you know
no I don't let my mom check out my sex
no that's the next level weird shit I
don't have a mom that's like a friend
like my mom's like a really good mom I
think to be a good mom you shouldn't
play the role as your daughter's friend
but the things that we do have in common
and the stuff that we like times that we
shared when I was younger really amazing
she played video games with me like when
I was younger she was my friend
but when I when I was growing she was
someone who allowed me to flourish and
be myself but she was still a parental
figure and I would imagine all of that
like the incest porn with like the
mother and daughter or like sisters you
would have to feel like you're friends
with the person you know but rather have
sexual intercourse with a horse or never
have any sexual interactions in there
stick your life with a horse and then I
can go back to having regular sex
definitely with a fork dude I'm not a
fan of ice Poseidon the little that I've
seen of him there are some youtubers
that are just like they could just hit
the video like the guy with name no
bullshit you did on me oh my god oh yeah
Joey I'll be your fake online girlfriend
I'll nag at you and I'll tell you what
to do and I'll emasculate you in front
of everyone
favorite metal band is probably a Moana
Mars Moana Mars Williams got pretty
close between the two I like a lot of
prog metal - a lot of like opeth voice
every time I do one of these okay
because I don't talk as much on my
twitch channel on much like word
vomiting but on here I'm like dying holy
shit
I'll be all of you guys is sudo
girlfriend I don't care
sabaton I've listened to a little bit of
Sabbath no not a lot I don't have a
strong opinion on them I like what I've
heard but if I'm not like going like all
I need to hear more of this like but see
all this is someone on my twitch channel
told me to listen to that band and I
loved it and I showed JJ's me listening
to it so yeah I don't understand the
whole pepper only nipple thing nipples
should be proportionate to your boob and
like a pepperoni on an F thighs boob is
like the normal size I feel like it
people who talk about pepperoni nipples
shit they're people who are like talking
about a and B cups having like like I
don't like huge nipples I my nipples are
like that or something so it's like a
yeah like pepperoni size but small
compared to my boobs you know
it doesn't make sense to say something
like that who's Bridget B oh the fucking
old ass is not like an old ass
nasty-looking built porn star offense
taken this is my natural hair color
right there it's like a dirty blonde
it's like my eyebrows maybe a little bit
dark at the top my eyebrows are like
might the median hair color
there are nude videos of the internet on
the internet of meze or like super super
old and then I do nudes on patreon
occasionally for like my $5 and you
don't
rape is classed as a crime would you
class would you class a rape as a crime
wait you're like not making sense when
your sexual fetishes what are you saying
ah I'm five foot four and if I could
choose I would be you 5 foot 2 Lauren
Brock all right let's do it
responding
oh yeah sorry okay well boo Brock what
Lauren Brock sorry Joey yeah you're an
inch taller than me so you're still
taller than me that's good gret she just
so many tats means little shit it looks
really good in this picture okay let me
hide my head I'll show you
there you go that is a really good
picture in some pictures she doesn't
look as good but I take another
compliment I also hate that like shaved
side of the head thing I look so ugly to
me like on women but it works with her
style yeah she's pretty she doesn't have
the greatest skin but in her
photoshopped picture she's like I'll
show some other really good pictures
take care this is a good picture yeah
she's pretty hot and he advised her to
turn on a woman if you're a short man
money financial stability and other ways
that you can show that you can protect
her and the child that you guys have
together
women often like tall men because they
first of all want to feel small and a
lot of women feel too big especially in
this day and age where a lot of women
are obese or overweight another reason
why women like tall men is because
they're more submissive and you can take
care of your family more if you're a
bigger dude and they just like the
aesthetics of it not every woman who
cares so just find the one that doesn't
care I mean you can turn on women and
all the ways that you normally do by
dressing well by having you know fucking
goals in life and being well grounded
and good person
nice to animals and children women love
that shit
not particularly talking about me if it
were me I would say be Corley Cory
Taylor be Cory Taylor or Ben Shapiro the
two very different people but short men
that I would fuck nice to animals
children and vegetable to be nice to
vegetables as well like when they're
laying in bed and they're not conscious
and they're just like don't fucking call
them retard women don't like that
usually women don't like that I don't
know how to say guys and girl hola
senors Eastern Jory toss then your
breathe then your I tried I'm not good I
might have any babies white or otherwise
oh you're kind of fucked show you some
soul on my soul sista fucking souls the
stuff up in this bitch
I'm not a fan of fried chicken I like
chicken strip but uh I'm like vegetarian
oh I like Gardein chicken strips at the
yard house Oh
get those if you haven't had them if
there's a yard house around you go
fucking suck that shit in your face oh
good
why is a man being raped different to a
female being raped society because men
handle sex differently than women women
are also coddled a lot in our society
and protected because we're smaller and
weaker so every man and every woman has
the instincts to protect a woman usually
when it's a rape of a man on a woman the
man is bigger and therefore there's more
of a threat but if a man is raped people
see it as like whoa good job that's cool
even though it can still be kind of
psychologically damaging because men
usually don't have that like oh my god
it was violated they're more just like
this thing happened that stuff they're
more logical they're more able to take
care of themselves physically and it's
just a different experience I don't
understand why people try to deal Ajith
Amaya someone who's saying I am
emotionally affected or mentally
affected by rape whether it's a man or a
woman but more often than not it does
actually affect men in a difference and
lesser way and that's my opinion so when
a guy is 16 and he's having sex with his
teacher and that's considered rape that
is a very different experience than a
woman being abused by her uncle or even
having sex with a teacher that she has
sex with on purpose and sensually
and a lot of people are gonna say that
like oh my god it's so insensitive but
that's my honest opinion palm TV you've
never heard of it
I'll check it out if I watched anything
from August Eames I've watched a few
have reports before yeah unfortunate
what happened
she will be missed I every time I'm
surfing porn there's always like a I
don't know if it's I think it's the
browser's it's a browsers ad where she
is like doing some crazy shits like one
of those ads where they do like crazy
stuff and they keep you like cutting the
scenes where she's in a car oh you guys
have probably seen it - she's like in a
car then she's like fucking some dude
and I'm like rip rip titty girl ring and
I say brexit brexit does that turn you
on I know she died recently
I talked about it in my videos and stuff
oh my god hey Barney thank you so much I
appreciate it that's like $12 u.s. holy
shit I appreciate it thank you so much
what is the shirt you're wearing the
shirt I am wearing is bigger stronger
faster oh I probably sounds so good
right now bigger stronger faster next
time on Dragon Ball Z I like that shirt
a lot I like all of my Nintendo tanks
that show my titties
you will destroy my arse Danny D over
cure and Lea curently actually discuss I
well I can't stand him
his face is everything oh it's so
fucking awful I haven't gained weight
since like 2013 or something I'm on the
path to being a skinny fuck again in E
as fuck
I show leggings in the beginning and the
middle of this video if you go back and
watch the ball maybe I'll do it again
before I have a fuckin I've been a sound
gear in autumn fade it's so fuckin
awesome
I'll show you a pic I don't wanna get up
and go get it some laziest fuck lazy as
fuck
no no no no no no no no did I ever even
take a real picture of it or did I just
take pictures of it how far back did I
get it
alright this is the best picture I can
find right now that's what it looks like
it's the autumn fade it's like fire red
- yellow - whatever the fuck I've I
heard of the enigma with the Enigma just
ignore the white supremacist guy he's in
my discord - he's quite a bit of
entertainment for my viewers and stuff
uh what is your favorite underrated
original NES game underrated I don't
know I don't even know what's over
underrated like Jace's Witcher 3 is
overrated I think it's perfectly rated
and then people say that Assassin's
Creed is overrated and I think a lot of
people hate it for some reason so it's
not that overrated like I don't fucking
know what is yours you clearly have an
answer to this yeah mine was like four
hundred and sixty bucks or something I
wanted to get something that was gonna
be good for a beginner but that wasn't
the cheapest thing ever I could have
gotten one for 199 I was looking at an
ibanez for 199 Thank You Super Saiyan
Batman Dark Souls 3 is the best Dark
Souls is the best one of my favorite
game genre jump game franchises of all
time my kids might be
I don't feel like they're dirty so dirty
is fuck I don't wear panties
I just don't do it J says it would be
sexier if I wore panties but I'm like
bitch I'm not wearing anything under my
pants ever it's just right there the
poontang is just right there and you
think of anybody so any hotter ever you
can see Lea black thong under your
leggings and I'm like okay but I don't
like wearing thongs they're
uncomfortable yeah I have three holes in
each ear my mom and I used to go get our
ears pierced together and then we got
our first tattoos together they weren't
like the same or anything but show my
tongue
there you go even when I wear jeans even
when I wear jeans especially when I wear
jeans jeans are like so overbearing and
thick that like I definitely don't want
to wear anything when I'm wearing jeans
I just never wear underwear unless I'm
modeling or something or doing like a
fanservice braid a most uncomfortable
article of clothing I own high heel does
that count
I fucking hate how you I know a lot of
people want to buy me shoes and shit and
I'm like oh you can be more like
Wolverine if you workout wear a white
tank top sharp and you can go get a
manicure or something and a gray
manicure like this but pointiest fuck
and then get a girl your beard and your
hair I have like something on my lip
again there we go
walk on Oh in the our you're like a do
like a fucking crush a video of oh in
the owl oh yeah you should do a video
mocking sjw's near valley girl poison
oh my god everyone's a fucking nasty the
gender pay gap a gap even evilly left
she was in this box here and then she
just fucked him like Jonathan left like
a hoe a trap is someone who claims to
not be gay but dresses up like a girl in
order to get guys sleep with them and
yes it's gay as fuck yes Harry Potter
Harry Potter were you gonna buy ology at
school I didn't care about biology
they didn't go in-depth enough I was
interested when they talked about like
genetics and stuff but I never really
had good finds classes like J actually
had like chemistry and stuff I never had
chemistry I never had any of this shit
fucking stupid I was very very good at
english and literature and reading and
writing and comprehension and all that
shit but I was not good at math really
like phenomenally bad back
a 3d sculpture of me would be cool like
a bust they do like the titties and the
waist and then shoulders yes English is
spoken by Americans we have an American
accent but we do speak the English
language it's not called American can i
hump a box hard yeah my main channel is
my gaming channel here I'll link it just
for some reason I'm logged into it right
now
all right let me hit you up with that
link girl I'm just gonna copy the link
so where's my chat now you can just
click on the name here cuz I'm logged
into the other one so you can just click
on the name of the thing I just like
posted there also you can click that
video Oh
my view on UFOs I don't see any solid
evidence that there's any intelligent
life out there but statistically I
really feel like there probably is but
then at the same time wouldn't they have
made contact but then the same time the
government could be covering it up that
at the same time maybe just in this time
in place they don't want to for whatever
reason I don't I'm not I don't believe
in like the paranormal or anything like
that everything has to be explained but
I believe that intelligent life
somewhere out there in the vastness of
everything in the universe there's
definitely got to be some kind of
intelligent life like Martian life you
know what the fuck but on places we
haven't even discovered yet like
light-years away
hi Tara what is the personality trait
you liked the least about a man
stupidity a gaudy amount of
overconfidence and beta trait yeah white
nationalists are just like white sjw's I
mean they're both retarded balance my
bub there you go you got some bub what
do you think the podcast guys we fucks I
don't know never heard of it sounds cool
I love nerds nerds are awesome
especially like super smart super gifted
in something nerd I like that shit
really smart really good in a certain
video game really like just really good
nerd
yeah favorite fanservice Friday is the
one that got deleted it for the second
time on my channel gave me my second
strike the the pink fishnet still always
gonna be my favorite always and forever
I also really like the one I did I died
I did a fan Pastis one where like I did
a giveaway for who can have their name
on my pasties I really liked doing that
one except felt really personal and then
just a bit of the but one you know but
yeah Skyrim nerdy nerd you helped me
with my my fuckin mod you're like super
good at mati scare him
I have retarded chocobos and I have
what's-her-face
what is her face what's her name my my
follower bitch
Alucard is I like the blonde bitch -
which ala cart are we talking there
we're talking about Castlevania I look
hard or he'll sink Alucard I like the
bulb Allah I'm actually playing
castlevania lords of shadow to be right
now the pink buddies talking or the
black body starting he'll stick of
course yeah fuckin what's her name Sarah
there is Ferris Victoria is so cool when
she becomes a vampire and helps Nicole
commit like that's me that's me girl the
pink one yes so good I was so tan oh my
god I came this time in film huh dude on
my the year of my birth
fucking Castlevania freak Dracula's
curse you jack knows first that that
came out on the air I was born at 89
I think I'm gonna go getting tired
ever thought about doing a podcast it
was like a lot of work that I would have
this time so no I don't I don't like
doing this stuff worth like Oh 7:00 p.m.
got it done I like to like be able to
shift my schedule around and stuff yeah
Conker's Bad Fur Day yes I had that game
I still might have that game I have most
of my m54 cartridges that was ever sold
my parents house I think if a nerd had
one testicle would that put you off No
one testicle no legs I don't give a shit
I mean you gotta have at least one leg
so you can walk with like your
prosthetic leg because I don't think
wheelchair sex would be that fun I have
not tried any VR anything oh well I've
tried the oculus rift like before it
came out a long time at e3 whoo show
souls one more time frost ankle I don't
know if I can I can't do that I'll fall
over I can't get like from both of my
feet up
I would like ruin everything yeah I know
how to dance I just don't like it it's
boring I just take wheelchair sucks
Eve just knocked some shit over I should
probably go see what the fuck is going
on with that alright guys I love you so
much the songs in the background the
person who created the songs for me and
they're all for me they're not like a
song that exists 30 you can check him
out his link is in the description also
guys don't forget to sign up for the
giveaway I love you guys so much I'll
see you guys on Sunday with the shit
Tara says video and then on Monday with
my New Year's resolutions video or
basically just like how I feel about New
Year's resolutions and things I've been
proving in my life and stuff I love you
guys so much
let's show but one more time
here's front thank you guys for watching
I appreciate it so much thank you for
the fucking super chats and everything
you guys are so fucking stupid does all
the things you guys sent me you guys are
fucking amazing I love you mwah and
thank you Demi best presents best
presents and J mood and Pekka even the
pekka's not here right now you guys are
amazing
also Cody and there's one that I'm
forgetting without Barney and there's
one more that I'm forgetting whatever
you guys are just fucking awesome you
guys know who you are thank you so much
I will see you guys
