holy fucking shit this is the best
picture ever hey guess what the TV
episode of shit Tara says this one was
created by the new guy who is one of my
biggest supporters and has become one of
my best friends over the years of
supporting me honestly this is probably
my favorite episode of shit Tara says
ever when I watched it I was laughing
and almost crying at the same time
because of how sweet it was that he
highlighted the gaming channel in such
an amazing way he took clips from like
so many different random games that I've
played over the years and he added a ton
of the honey pop ones and high pop is
fucking hilarious if you guys don't know
it's basically like a dating sim with a
puzzle game attached to it and it
actually has erotic parts where I had to
censor the nipples and stuff and it is
just fucking amazing so if you guys want
to watch me spit game a girls or if you
guys just want to see a little bit more
of the fucking amazing content from my
gaming channel and trust me it is worth
the watch please stick around and check
it out it would mean a lot to me also to
new guy put a lot of work into this and
he is fucking amazing so if you guys
could follow him his links will be in
the description and as always this is a
fan-made series so if you want to make
your own shit Tara says for a little bit
of promo feel free to do so and submit
it to me I would love to see what you
have in mind I love you guys so much and
I hope you enjoyed this episode of shit
Tara says and I also hope you enjoyed
the new thumbnail design it's pretty hot
it's like comic book ask q me cursing at
video games and hitting on chicks
ah
dripping but but i thought i doctored up
that I've done another fat River going
jump a struck down thank you to new guy
beautiful as well oh I totally know the
man up what
yeah whoo exit tech unstoppable axe
attack with left oh my god nice let me
do it twice
right oh my god this fucking games us I
don't see me oh yeah can I slap her ass
there's a teddy bear activate i wanna i
want to grab her ass so I kind of
grabbed her ass oh yeah girl look at
that but she's got a nice but no one is
it oh my god oh go away go a way I don't
come on my lips no come on I hate babies
and shit what the fuck is it in here no
Nora come on bitch damn shes appreciate
how muscly he looks in that outfit and
then we're on our way what a cockroach
alright I killed it why would I put
things on a roach oh my god why am i
naked like this but look at that bud let
me in fuck she's so cute she's a little
ball of jizz oh come on can we get in
there come on just get in there get in
there get out there we go guess that's
supposed to be the difficulty of this
game so it's hard to fit the whole you
know gah god fucking cocksucker oh my
god well how come sometimes a bitch
doesn't jump man fucking moxie what the
fuck do don't dare to do derp derp derp
derp derp derp sir Koga pucker fucking
bitching jump when I tell that bitch to
fucking jump oh no Moxie why won't you
just go in the hole moxie Moxie know
Moxie by moxie oh god you fucking jumped
I jumped oh that's all I have to do that
was fucking it there we go oh okay what
if I shoot that why is this chicken is
wearing a holiday oh I don't want to do
that why can't I go can I go is this not
a door chicken chicken alright dude
these holiday chickens are like the best
thing about this game chicken look at is
fucking what is he doing he's so cute
he's like dude I can't even they're so
cute best part jump
alright that's the bet but oh what gaga
well this is awful for actual combat all
right here we go there's so many
Christmas chickens chicken chicken
chicken chicken why what the fuck does
chickens invincible there we go fuck the
terrorists win am I a terrorist did I
just win I'm confused the geo test
facility was dissolved to provide basic
weapons training for new agents as well
as give experienced agents and
environment to practice and sharpen
their skills mm-hmm this is fun no oh
fam but that was like 60 whoo oh man
told you guys I was bad Jesus Oh take up
the but grandpa oh you like that grandpa
no he doesn't at all there's it go fuck
your l0 the retarded Santa oh I can't be
PewDiePie level I have to meet PewDiePie
levels do it fuck though oh we're just
be the beauty available oh oh my god
come on No oh okay here we get we're
gonna go back oh come on Oh God Oh what
this harpoon come on okay yes no oh my
god I do not want to take a heart print
up the ass okay yes yes yes
no I'm trapped oh I'm a hard boot in me
oh my god no yes hey I was right there
what the fuck hard to see Santa died Oh
No Santa Santa no Santa oh my God look
at me like oh sad you here I'm getting
so pissed off focus keep a nice l oh my
god you're so stupid okay I'm being a
basic it oh no no no no no it's okay
swim are sorta harpoon girl come on
Kansas answer please answer please Santa
Santa please oh my god Santa oh my god
oh oh oh yeah what was up though I swear
to God I could have gotten up okay oh
nice didn't shoe blade so what I fucking
i press X 1 hit and I die one hit i
press X why did I go up there and like
kill myself I'm pressing out what the
fuck so fucking good girl oh fuck oh why
do I insted I I can't fight them i get
one time and I inside I oh fuck me good
JK JK I thought they were gonna come oh
good finish it whoa God the graphics are
so adorable I love it Oh what's up all
right no goddamn it wait where are we
going this is the wrong way haha correct
I think this is a good place to stop
let's just whistle all right you're back
yep back from pillaging Uranus ah I hate
you drew die motherfucker underwear why
do I always get it in the face she could
avoid my eye this time excuses what fuck
this game is awesome sometimes I see
little hints of Tara in games like a
chicken that shoots Vikings in the face
would come and where's little paper hats
and collects songs and I'm just like
goddamn it I gotta do it on these those
were polka dot polka dot undies why is
matches falling is that not much is what
can he thank you Tom servo Jana we're
doing drag another thousand forget her
no we're good 600
always get it oh we got a fucking
asshole on our dicks Wow wonder when he
died
I don't know fine I'll get more kill
shit egg good to earn butch oh fuck you
oh my fucking god okay I'm good I came
home over it you can fuck with a veigar
result the egg fuck a tit to do you know
sex I need an older woman in my life I
think oh my god so when I get to like
five hard so I get to fuck them aim to
play right now I haven't decided on
another let's play so honey pop time
which I know you guys love because if
I'm not getting any sex today I'm gonna
fuck myself oh that's fucking high and
take a drink cuz I am thirsty ok we're
going on a date and I'm gonna oh my God
we're gonna do this come on baby girl
yeah do do do do do do do do do oh my
god yes just make it
hahaha that is oh damn oh damn she looks
so hot to make in you that's good fuck
yeah oh I did it let's fuck she's hot
but she's already coming yeah licks your
titties and your horns Vinny's right
we're going to a restaurant what the
hell holy shit oh my god what is this
bitch she like sexuality right one
hundred percent Oh have you been a bad
girl all right it's not timed but the
stuff does go down so if I just start
out slow oh yeah damn love is fucking
intense how words it's are nice ah
victory finally fucked a teacher that's
a pretty good picture I've got to admit
I like that picture just one boob out
mission log 810 escaped my prison cell
aborting lil a dual Federation
mothership proceeded to kill everything
whoa hey she's got like a nipple clamps
on her fucking outfit that is insane I
love it what the hell she's such a
badass holy fuck she wants the d or the
p I guess mission log 1281 attacked by
another tentacle monster of course it's
not all bad though you kind of get used
to it holy fucking shit this is the best
picture ever I have this uh know if Ike
it's like a squishy boob and there is a
nipple ah ah stand out a little bit oh
yeah you do like those fucking titties
look at her titties guys like seriously
ok
let us have sex with soul of overcome my
sexual instincts please let's return to
your living quarters yay o.o control
myself anymore I need you in my body
haha I wish you guys could see her
nipples right now her her alien nipples
are like purple a little bit oh my god
great picture look at her horns this is
so awesome yes I 5mm we got the hottest
chick in the game alright well we need
to go seek you so you can give her the
panties I think that's what we're
supposed to do now cuz I have all the
pen oh I love this bikini right the girl
could get used to this sexy as fuck oh I
got it up Lulu that is how I fucking
celebrate I don't need that shit anymore
or of a kind is probably better did I
just do it I wasn't even looking girl oh
yeah oh yes I did it now she knows she
knows oh that was fucking easy i was
just talking through it whoa let's see
that fucking picture that's what I'm
excited about oh damn fucking if you are
an ass man you are enjoying this fucking
picture right now this is pretty good
let's take a minute just look at that
juicy pussy I don't even have to fucking
sensor what can i say i'm kind of a slut
you
you
