hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week as requested by
you guys we're going to talk about
sexual piercings how piercings can
enhance sex whether or not certain
genital piercings are just for show or
if they actually make sex more
pleasurable my personal experiences with
piercings and we're going to
differentiate between the different
types of genital piercings and their
colloquial or slang names when you think
of sex and piercings you might think of
a Prince Albert or a clit piercing there
are probably a lot of things about both
of those piercings you know nothing
about like the fact that piercing your
actual clit is very very rare and very
very dangerous and not only are we gonna
talk about pierce genitals we're also
going to talk about nipples the tongue
and how they can play a part in sexual
stimulation as always guys I want you to
post in the comments and let me know if
you guys are interested in any other
topic I want you guys to pick the topics
of sex ed because I want you guys to be
informed on things you actually want to
know about as with most of my content
it's kind of fan driven so as you're
watching this video hopefully it informs
you and hopefully you think of a good
topic for next time let's do it so let's
first talk about the tongue ring I do
have one yes
is the towering just for show or does it
actually enhance kissing and oral sex
personally I think it's a case-by-case
basis not everyone gets a tongue ring
for sexual satisfaction as with all
piercings and body modifications you do
it because you like the way it looks
mainly but I do feel like kissing
someone with the tongue ring is
interesting and performing oral sex with
the tongue ring is definitely more fun
of course it's just my personal opinions
and I do enjoy oral sex when it's
performed on me more if the person has a
tongue ring it's basically just like
putting a stud there that adds extra
pressure to the certain points where
you're licking or sucking like
underneath the cock on the frenulum or
the clitoris which just adds for extra
pleasure but is it like a huge step up
in sex no not really maybe it is for
some people but for me it's not like a
huge deal it's just kind of an extra
little perk and yeah tongue rings do
have that connotation that if a guy has
that he's probably into pussy licking
and if a girl has it she's probably a
quote-unquote slut that likes to suck
dick but it's really not that big of a
deal and it can totally just be for the
looks another place that a lot of people
get pierced that may or may not have an
effect on sexual pleasure is the nipples
and yeah both men and women get nipple
piercings could be one nipple both
nipples it can increase or decrease
sensitivity based on the person but
mainly it's just something fun to play
with and look at again as with most
piercings especially ones that aren't on
the genitalia itself the main appeal to
getting them is aesthetic and not
necessarily sex derived of course
they're exceptions to every rule as with
both tongue and nipple piercings you can
get multiple piercings you can get them
vertical or horizontal you can get them
in different places in your tongue if
we're going for the tongue piercing you
can wear a loop you can wear a barbell
it's all up to you and they do make
vibrating bar bells for oral sex which
are way too big to wear all the time so
I've never tried one because I don't
like changing out my piercings alright
now that we've gotten those out of the
way let's go ahead and jump into genital
piercings because there are a lot for
both men and women because it's pretty
interesting and is way more vast of a
topic than I thought it would be when I
started reading up on it and researching
it and for all this stuff my references
will be in the description so go ahead
and check those out if you want to read
more
so the age-old question is does it
benefit men or women more sexually will
studies show that it actually is more
pleasurable for women whether it's then
the piercing or their partner that has
the piercing it's thought that this fact
is may be derived from the fact that sex
for women is often more emotional and
till then four men so if they feel sexy
or if they feel like they have something
extra stimulating them it will actually
stimulate them more but another thought
and mainly my thought is the fact that
women have a harder time getting off in
the first place so anything helps
basically if you have a clitoral hood
piercing that's rubbing on your clit
while you're getting fucked that's gonna
be a benefit but of course as always
this is case by case and if you're a
girl your boyfriend can enjoy it more
than you because maybe they just don't
do it for you all right let's start on
the male piercings and we'll start with
the most popular one first
the prince albert's so if you don't know
what a prince albert is it is going in
underneath the penis through the urethra
the place where you pee and out the pee
hole it's kind of like a little hook
thing on the bottom of your penis you
can wear all different kinds of jewelry
in here bar bells rings what-have-you
pretty much anything fits it
anatomically some women like it some men
like it it all depends on preference
economy otters at prince albert's or any
piercing on the penis is gonna give you
as a man more of a chance to hit your
girl's g-spot or whatever spot she
enjoys most in sex
therefore making our come more easily
but some partners have reported that
it's also really annoying painful again
case by case that brings us next to
frenulum piercings or jacob's ladder'
which is a bunch of friend Yulin
piercings if you guys don't know what a
friend ulam is it is the extra skin
underneath your penis the skin that kind
of goes up from the penis and attaches
to your head if you're not circumcised
you can also have a friend ulam if you
are circumcised
it just depends on how the job was done
so you basically pierce the skin
underneath your dick just like straight
through
not through the dick just through the
skin it's more of a superficial thing
this is definitely more aesthetic for
the man more for the girl so jacob's
ladder is having a bunch of friend lend
piercings on the bottom of your dick
kind of creating a little friend ulam
ladder adorable and then there's a
piercing that goes directly through the
head of the penis all the way through
either vertically or horizontally
vertically is called Ovid raffia and
horizontally is called an vlog I just
found out the names for these today
anyway these are generally more painful
for men initially when you get the
piercing done but not painful afterwards
and they are reported to give more
pleasure to your partner and these
piercings are more restricted in what
kind of jewelry you can wear then we
have which piercings which is basically
just piercing the space between your
balls in your anus which I call chode
some people call Gooch and other people
call taint depends on where you heard
the word first or where you look it up
this place is an erogenous zone for men
so it can give men extra sexual pleasure
despite it looking completely aesthetic
and
all like it would actually do anything
and the last male piercing we're going
to talk about today is the hack to
piercing piercing anywhere on your
scrotum this also may sound like it's
purely aesthetic but once your piercing
is fully healed you can add some weights
to it sounds painful
I know but it can prolong your orgasm
depending on your Anatomy which is
pretty interesting attaching a small
weight to your balls
who'da thunk alright moving on to female
piercings I personally have a clitoral
hood piercing so today we're gonna start
with those you can do it vertically like
this or horizontally like this before I
got mine done I actually thought they
pierced the clitoris which is basically
like piercing the head of your penis for
a guy but the nerve bundles are so much
smaller because the member is so much
smaller that can be very damaging and
very scary so it's very rare that
someone will pierce their actual
clitoris in fact the place that I went
to wouldn't even do it permanent nerve
damage temporary nerve damage No thank
you I like to come so if you guys didn't
know klitz do have hoods kind of like
penises have foreskin the only
differences in the Western world we
leave girls clitoris is hooded don't
know why taking off our foreskin is
mutilation but taking off yours is okay
if not a tradition but that's a
discussion for a different video so
anyway what you do is you pierce the
skin above the clitoris vertically is
said to feel more stimulating because
it's laying right on top of the clitoris
rather than just grazing the top by
going horizontally but I chose to go
horizontal because I felt that it looks
better and I felt that I could move it
around more and it is definitely fun
with masturbation there was a chance
that I would have over stimulation which
means that I would just be coming out of
nowhere and that was something that I
was kind of hoping for but it's just not
a reality what is kind of cool is that
the hood skin does kind of mesh into the
other skin down there on my vagina and
so when someone inserts a penis into me
especially if it's forcefully it does
tug on that skin and therefore pulls the
piercing on my clitoris so it does feel
good and that's definitely a plus
the next piercing when I talk about is
called a Christina piercing this is like
a hundred percent aesthetic and it's
basically just piercing the skin above
the clitoris in the clitoral hood so
it's not actually touching the clitoris
it's basically just like vajazzling your
vajayjay to make it pretty which is fine
I just like a little pleasure with my
pain you know next thing we have is the
labia piercing so the labia is like the
meat curtains basically the two little
pieces of skin that hang down from your
vagina that are more or less visible
on your Anatomy Marn aren't very visible
but you can like dig in there and find
them and some people get those Pierce
they either Pierce them together they
pierce one by one or they just pierce
one side unless it's mental these are
almost a hundred percent aesthetic and
have nothing to do with sexual pleasure
other than just feeling like you got a
sexy vagina in my experience genital
piercings take a while to heal longer
for men than women some male piercings
can actually take up to six months to
heal and during that healing process you
should abstain from sex or be very
careful when you have sex I always take
the ladder anytime I get a surgery or
have anything done when they say no
physical exertion no sex for two weeks
that means I'm a starfish in bed for two
weeks or I'm gonna have fun giving a lot
of blowjobs it does not mean no sex for
two weeks
sorry doctor one thing that I do feel
like is a con with genital piercings is
that you do have to be careful when
you're having sex which means rough sex
might be harder to do or a no-no
altogether you don't want to rip
anything tear anything get anything lost
inside of you all of which can be very
painful and very unfortunate I have had
sex with a guy with a friend Neal and
piercing before and it didn't really
help the sex because the frenulum
piercing was so small but I've never
tried sex with anything like a Prince
Albert which I think would be kind of
interesting especially we had like a
bigger piece of jewelry in there but I
do condone and support the use of
piercings and jewelry and sex it's kind
of like an extra sex toy or at least
it's aesthetically pleasing and I enjoy
licking a pierced pussy it's fun to have
something to climb my tongue ring on
kissing someone with a tongue ring is
fun although I've never kissed the
person with the tongue ring that I
kissed when I had my tongue ring I don't
know if they can get latched or
something if he has a loop and I have a
barbell but as with every experience it
varies it's up to your Anatomy your
sexual preferences your experiences how
rough or slow you go how well your
piercing was done how large the piercing
is and there's basically no right or
wrong answer so just be careful with it
keep an open mind and experiment my
go-to pieces of advice for all sexual
acts and of course stay safe if your
boyfriend decided to put a barbell in
that has like a poker on the end of it
make sure you're careful with condoms
you know common sense type things I hope
you guys enjoyed this episode and I hope
it was informative for you if I left
anything out please post it in the
comments I know quite a bit about
piercings I've had quite a few in my
life but at the same time I haven't
delved as deep into the subculture of
piercings and how they can be used for
sex so if you have any additional
information or experiences please post
them in the comments I'd love to hear
them I love you guys so much and I hope
you guys have a wonderful time fucking
people with piercings or getting
rown piercings I've been thinking about
nipple piercings myself maybe after I
get my boobs redone I think they're kind
of hot and I think it would be more fun
to not wear a bra when I have something
poking out always even if I don't have
hard nipples or if I could just create
perpetually hard nipples because that is
like a dream of mine it's kind of hoping
that that would happen when I got my
boobs done maybe a little bit of nerve
damage in there come on Doc just a
little nerve damage just make them erect
a little bit you know what I'm saying I
love you guys like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you enjoy
the content and as always keep fuckin
pierced run pierce mmm
