hello to all of my beautiful viewers and
welcome to this week's Friday night man
we've got this fuckin package first but
I'm gonna make you wait for it because
it's all the always beautiful tara
babcock like fuck you Batman fucking
stamp cute little fucking pokeball heart
on the back we've got fucking chain
chomp the pink one like the one I have
right there and we've got a bunch of shy
guys floating as balloons holding this
little letter envelope thing which is
presumably this letter envelope and oh
my god I'm so excited to open it because
I'm pretty sure I know who it's from I
cannot contain my sexual desires but
first I have really cool announcement I
have been racking my brain thinking like
how can I get back to you guys and now
that I'm paying like three hundred
dollars a year to use gleam to half of
its potential if you want to use gleam
effectively you kinda have to pay and
then they make you pay either 300 others
or a thousand dollars depending on the
tier you want blame is the website that
I go through to do all of my giveaways
and I've decided why not start a fucking
fnm giveaway series so every single week
I'm gonna be giving away an item to one
lucky viewer and I'll be announcing the
winner every week on F&M so for instance
the winner of today's giveaway will be
announced on the next F&M next week
sound cool and alongside that I'm also
going to be posting a straw poll with it
in the description that has you guys
voting on which products you want me to
give away this week now it's not going
to be anything huge or gigantic like the
200k giveaway which I am gonna be
posting a video about soon it was like a
huge giveaway but it will be something
that you guys can use that you guys will
enjoy whether it's like some merch that
I had autographs or like something
useful like a phone case or a video game
I want you guys to feel how exactly
appreciative I am I am profoundly
appreciative of how much you guys make
me feel like a princess every single
fucking week and how much you guys
support me and my content all the views
all the comments all the likes I
appreciate every single one whether you
spent money whether you didn't you guys
are just amazing now let's get in the
fucking video link to the giveaway and
the straw poll will be in the
description good luck we're gonna use
Old Faithful this week carefully open
this envelope and we've got a drawing of
Shao Kahn in bed with me and if you guys
can't see it I'm gonna be posting a
picture of it this is literally the best
thing ever so fucking adorable so his
hammer has the YouTube logo on it and
next to the hammer is like some earbuds
I think and his eyes are red and my eyes
are blue and I have really really big
boobs and he's buff as fuck this is like
the best thing ever I want to hang this
my bed and like look at it while i'm
fucking j ok it's not that realistic
also jay chou calm just a little bit
you're awesome you're amazing this is so
personal and i fucking love it now let's
see if i can read this letter on camera
I suspected this is from the beautiful
le dear Tara first of all I am so sorry
i have not sent you anything and so long
to not worry about it at all i have been
so busy which is no excuse yes it is
it's a perfect excuse and I just did not
get to this until now I still support
you like crazy and your other channel at
tara babcock games on youtube com which
everyone needs to pause this video right
now and go subscribe to I did not add
that in she totally said it also thank
you don't worry Terrell we'll wait for
you speaking of subscribing congrats I'm
so glad you made it 200k baby I'm so
happy for you and so proud of you and
how you were working so hard oh I must
not forget to tell you i really like
fucking favorites so glad to be writing
you again i didn't go anywhere and have
watched every video you have put up
since i sent you something last oh
really you're so sweet that's ridiculous
you did not have to do that much for me
again so sorry about not sending you
something i just have to put it off has
nothing to do with you love what you
were doing and she highlighted that so
sweet still love writing to you and
sending you stuff too I wish I could do
more but i'm broke at the moment and
please no pity of course not i totally
understand that wish i could give you
money and pay you for all the hard work
you put in your channel and everything
you do you do not have to just watch
that's all you have to do and not nearly
as much as you do it you you do way too
much for me fucking love you girl would
love to talk to you no pressure at all I
know how busy you are and then there's a
little off camera personal note for me
la enough of me babbling I hope you like
this drawing I made of you and Shao Kahn
I tried my best and I'm proud of it but
still wish I did better being proud of
yourself but also striving for
improvement is like the perfect balance
and a lot of people get stuck in
insecurity or they get stuck at being
unrealistic with their expectations you
seem to have a pretty good balance
especially for how young you are hard to
make it as perfect as I want with such a
beautiful subject matter oh if it would
be possible for you to post it on
Instagram that would be amazing but it's
totally up to you I definitely will I
tried to make it ok you made it perfect
I know it's not perfect yes it is but it
always feels so good to make you smile i
wish i could see you smile what would
you like me to draw for you next any
requests princess Tara send them to me
or tell me if you can think of anything
this moment this moment I want me
writing Captain America's back as we fly
up with some kind of jet pack that he
has on his chest with Superman laughing
at
cuz Captain America can't organically
fly go that's a challenge I know I'll
try to do my best to please you you've
gone above and beyond already big hugs
and kisses to the beautiful girl with
the huge titties and a big heart and
amazing smile Oh XOXO le PS just for you
sorry guys you get no more I love you so
much Elliot fucking love this drawing oh
my god it's going in the front of my
binder it is one of my favorite drawings
that have ever gotten from anyone you're
just so fucking amazing so talented and
so sweet and I hope you see this and
know how much I fucking love you you are
awesome good luck with that drawing cuz
I said a pretty tall order for you
didn't I by the way I really feel like
your envelopes are just as good as the
art you actually put into the fucking
envelope and the fact that you're using
up your Batman postage on me you're
amazing love you Ellie mmm can I put an
extra vote for Elly to win the giveaway
I promise not to rig it next we've got
something with a hard ball on the inside
so too hard balls like literally two
hard balls feels like styrofoam balls
with like something soft over it oh this
is fun i should start like guessing what
things are ah punky balls oh my god
Master balls I was so close I don't know
why I thought there was like swishing us
over it i think because there was
styrofoam but this is awesome and they
actually open up this is so fucking cool
is there anything that i can stick in
here right now oh I could stick my like
1up mushrooms my little tiny 1up
mushrooms in here that would be so cute
or like one of my 1 billion fucking
Pokemon figures that I have at my
parents house i wanna be the best like
no one ever was Master titties alright
we're not getting into the singing again
these master balls are from Jay mood who
I really appreciate like Jamie's been so
amazing to me we've been talking a lot
lately and he's confided in me with a
bunch of really cool things and I really
appreciate that someone feels
comfortable enough to talk to me about
things that are really sensitive so I
Love You Jay mood you're fucking amazing
you are inspiring and I really
appreciate these fucking master balls
they're so cute I need to get one of
those like little belts where I can
stick it to my belt and walk around and
be like a real pokemon trainer you're
wonderful hello Gigi mood they're like
Jays master balls sipped a little bit
smaller
does the exact face and hand motion I do
when I'm like juggling balls to like
spin them around my hand like they're
fucking the Benoit balls or whatever the
little tubes that you have going to your
balls just like fucking tangle it ups
like make a knot out of it I'm sorry
about the visual there that probably
hurt a lot of you guys guys ball should
be off-limits to me show their knots
this feels like it's got little feet
like these are little feet right here
it's got little little cute feet and
then yeah I don't know what it is let's
just open it probably a fucking Nintendo
plushie shy guy oh yeah he's so cute Oh
shy guys one of my favorites I think
he's just the most adorable fucking
thing in the world and all the games
that featured shy guy like the shy guy
says game and Mario Party my favorites
thank you so much for my shy guy he's so
cute we have to find a place for him
right now sorry for both it but you are
not a Nintendo character oh I feel so
bad I'm so sorry for throwing you I'm so
sorry mmm I don't know how two percent
no that was from but thank you so much
perfect gift
that's better next item we've got oh
yeah but yeah bro yeah steam controller
from well temir held yeah this is a gift
that I got from a lovely German lad on
Twitch he bought me a Stephen control
and I've always wanted to try this out I
hear that it's garbage but I always keep
an open mind when I try out new hardware
and I think it'll be really fun to unbox
and try this for the first time so I'm
fucking excited hahaha nothing can be
better than my tara babcock controller
but this might be pretty good too and I
can't believe I've waited so long to try
one of these considering i do like
eighty percent of my gaming now on steam
and i know a lot of games that aren't
controller compatible without full
controller support actually do work with
the steam controller so yay thank you so
much a sexy german man i'm so glad to
have this wow you guys are too much too
much for me this box appears to have
nothing in it why you got nothing in you
box oh is another present for wealth
over held disgaea penguin yes so
adorable so wing it what the fuck who
did his little pouch took printed on his
stomach and then that you've got these
that are like glued there it's so cute
how fucking cute how fucking cubes how
fucking cute wah wah wah wah I love it
you guys thank you so much both over
held you're amazing danke danke zusa mon
thank you sweet man I don't know the
book just thank you your amazing big hug
and little hug so fucking cute and so
solace in the eyes all right I don't
know what this is this is from josan
toys shop priority mail I'm a priority
BAM but BAM oh yeah girl that's wrong
who's understand moves from rubber
tongues I'm not gonna be too nice about
it but I have my green shell now that
goes with the red shell I had no idea
who's gonna buy this for me so this is a
nice surprise it's so soft so wonderful
and now I have the green need to go with
my ready which is over that way I can
put it on the other side and it will
complete my collection I fucking love
these because it really looks like
there's like holes in the shell where
the fucking Cooper would go and really
soft and comfy actually I put them like
on a couch off camera but then I do kind
of default to making my streaming and
video areas look nice with like the most
come
teddy bears going on my bed and in the
living room like I sleep every night
with that storm trooper yay always comes
back to me good boy rubber tongue and
now last but also least because it comes
from rubber tongue we've got a giant
package from the Dutch land vineet
islands he also showed me that he
wrapped all these presents you guys have
to see this when I get it open here's
the letter on top with some foes high
LMT it is better for my bad handwriting
to type this letter instead of writing
it here by another box from my country
it contains several things from the list
you sent me some world-famous defs blue
blau in deutsch statues and of course in
stroopwafels don't eat the stroopwafels
all at once please do not fucking tell
me what to do you bastard and make sure
before you eat it to make it a bit warm
like a few seconds in the microwave /
oven or on top of a cup of hot tea not
British I don't drink tea well I like
used to but like whatever I don't have
like a tee time please keep doing what
you do and making great videos Robert
song what is this fucking apostrophe s
for videos have I taught you nothing
you're getting punished you're really
awesome and funny pretty and smart of
course you think I'm smart you don't
even know video was from videos like
what you're not easy on me I know I
deserve it too then though not then love
you from her already one year servant RT
888 that's my rubber tongue these are
cute actually I like it all right those
are you don't know he is actually my
slave by choice at first but don't worry
he enjoys it anyway this is all of the
gift city fucking package tour me and oh
my god there's a lot so let's get this
underway right first we've got this one
these are all wrapped to adorn Blaine
with different packaging I feel like
it's like Christmas with my mom all over
again she would actually wrap some from
Santa and sign it from Santa and then
wrap some from her and sign it from her
it's so fucking cute oh not again I was
weird reaction I was gonna say oh and
wow at the same time then it came out is
like air like fucking some pee-wee
Herman shit anyway we've got a fucking
piranha plant this is really cute I'm
collecting figures but at the same time
I'm holding off on putting a lot of the
figures that I do want a my wish list
because when i move it's gonna be really
hard to like transport all of them with
me feeling comfortable with them not
breaking so i'm leaving all of them in
the packaging for now like a fucking
collector next one
this I'm not gonna guess for all of
these because it's too much this is like
Colin's paper says Holland on it delft
shoes I don't know what this dealt it is
but it's apparently some kind of fucking
Dutch shits and they look cute I guess
all they're like little shoe figures
this is Holland on them they're so cute
they're like traditional Holland shoes
or something traditional Hall in shoes
traditional Dutch shoes like a souvenir
these are cute I wish I could stick my
feet in them put those there and
hopefully not break them now we've got
this one I feel like it's a shirt or
maybe a scarf whoa it's a hat oh it's a
donkey kong hat I love it my favorite
hat now I have like a hundred of these
but this one's now my favorite i love
that i have different hats that I'm
gonna be able to wear in the winter but
i find it hilarious that i got them all
in the summer this is a really cute one
which is pac-man oh I think this has
candy in it but it's like a little
fucking like arcade cabinet fucking
pac-man this is really cute and even has
like the bummed out buttons in the place
where you stick your money or your corns
or whatever and then you can actually
look in there and it's like a starting
level of Pacman with the buttons on
there and the lives this is like so
fucking cute i love it so much yeah next
so cute this looks exactly like rubber
tongue I'm naming this one rubber this
is clearly rubber tongue like look at
him look at his soulless eyes that are
too far apart and that big dutch nose
and those like tiny little insignificant
feet and hands and the fact that he's
like sprouting in a relevant sprout on
top of his head this Pikmin is rubber
tongue I'm gonna abuse it just like I
wish I could abuse you in real life oh
this is one hundred percent stroopwafels
motherfucker we got this proof we got
that's true oh yeah so good this shit is
so fucking good i'm gonna do taste test
soon of like dutch stuff that he sent me
and also the stroopwafels what is this
Oh color change pint glass this is
fucking awesome so there are icons that
appear when it's cold and regularly it's
just like whites but then it actually
turns into like a color version of the
like pac-man scene with all the ghosts
and pac-man and like there's like a
strawberry they're so fucking cute and
awesome I'm so excited to play with this
let's actually open it this is gonna be
my drinking glass now for the drunken
streams one hundred percent that's what
it looks like I can't wait to see it
with cold water I don't really have
anything cold right now maybe at the end
of the video
we've got this which is awesome nothing
oh yeah now he has a brother that's so
cute i love lemmings one of my favorite
childhood franchises so fucking cute and
I totally believed the lemmings dude
just like go off and follow each other
to their deaths which in fact it was
actually a movie that perpetrated that
by Walt Disney where they actually
pushed lemmings off to their death and
got no repercussions for harming animals
like fuck you Disney so you guys should
looked at it for yourselves anyway ah
the best also awesome next I don't know
what this is yeah another thing I got
full of candy just because I really
liked the tin this is like the fucking
original NES controller except it has
Minson it and mints are good because I
actually do like mints more than candy
because candy just makes you fat oh but
Miss make your breath tastes fresh by
Nintendo Power mints sponsored by
Nintendo Power mins not actually next
we've got another figure pepper and salt
and it's like in the in the shape of a
Holland thing I don't know
next we have a diddy whoa he can go on
here too because he is a Nintendo
creature I get so wrapped up in the
Mario sometimes that I don't realize
that I can get more Donkey Kong stuff or
even Zelda stuff and put this on my
Nintendo chair good boy rubber tongue
what is this let's go BAM oh oh it's
sackboy is a panda bear this is so cute
it's got a little clip on the top this
is from little big planet oh dude i
think i remember seeing this i think i
might have put it on the list for him to
buy from this like store and the
netherlands with like a bunch of gaming
stuff but i did not think it would be
this cute and i don't think it would be
a keychain this is like amazing i
fucking love it oh alright we've got two
more things this is obviously more strip
waffles fucking rubber tongue sending me
two things it's true boffles just
because you know that i love them so
much which I don't know it's a good
thing but you're also facilitating my
obesity damn it you haven't tried
stroopwafels you must they're just knock
off knocked off my piranha plants oops
and the last thing and I think this is
gonna be more hall and stuff more
Netherlands stuff because it's wrapped
in that paper oh you're just like a
windmill this is really cute oh is it
actually a working windmill oh how do I
get this off awesome how do I make it
work this is really cool oh my god am I
supposed to tighten this there's a
little like not on the back and I think
if I tie tonight it'll spin more like
it's supposed to there we go I love this
this is all really thoughtful and I
really appreciate stuff like this it's
like not on any list that I would have
but it's just like stuff from a country
where someone I care about lives you
know and I think it's a really cool
ornament to have and I can make like a
random fan gift like area in my house so
I love this good boy rubber tongue this
is really cute I wish that it actually
blue with the wind somehow like if I had
a fan next to it or something but it's
porcelain so it's gonna be harder for
that to be a thing and that is it but
one second I did make you guys a promise
I'll be right back oh my god it totally
worked this is actually vitamin water
which is like my obsession right now the
outlines are actually blew the dudes are
actually the right color I don't know if
you can see it but it's fucking amazing
and now i think it's stroopwafels and
vitaminwater time thank you guys so much
for what you do for me this is beyond
imaginable you guys are amazing you make
my day every single fucking Friday you
make Friday's even
better and I hope I can kind of shed
some of that positive ed you guys by
just being so happy and maybe this
giveaway will help now too so they give
away and the straw poll will be in the
description don't forget there are a
bunch of different ways you can sign up
and a bunch of different entries to be
had checking me out on instagram
following me on twitter following me on
both of my youtube channels being a
patron being a twitch subscriber all
these things will get you an entry and
the winner will be randomly chosen on
thursday and then i'll announce it on
friday and every friday we'll have a new
giveaway i love you so much I feel like
I love these a little bit more no still
you guys see you guys next Friday within
the Friday night mail I hope you guys
enjoyed this by who so refreshing
