hey guys welcome to my Tuesday video you
do not know how fucking excited I am
about this video I am finally officially
saying go ahead and buy my merch I have
new merch it's all up it's all perfected
and oh my god I'm so excited I've been
working with scrim gear calm for like
two months now trying to perfect my
merchandise line and i think it is
finally there that's not to say that
there won't be new designs and new
shirts and things coming out all the
time i am in the works talking with them
about boy shorts boxers and like really
cute girly short shirts like the ones i
wear all the time yep these anyway I'm
extremely picky and a huge perfectionist
thank you so much scrim gear for like
just being okay with me being a crazy
bitchy perfectionist I've seen people
have like merchandise lines like
youtubers gamers different famous people
in different public figures creating
shirts with them on them their names on
them in things and I've also my entire
life had a terrible fucking time trying
to find clothes that had logos and
things that I actually really liked but
had like fabric and styles that I could
actually wear and this isn't just about
me having big boobs this is also about
just like the feel in the texture of the
clothing and like the styles have you
ever found a shirt design that you
really liked whether it's like a gamer
thing or someone's merch and then you
touch it and it's just like a standard
like five cent shirt that feels really
rough doesn't cling to the body at all
and just isn't flattering and then
you're like okay I'll wear it because I
really believe in the thing that it said
on the shirt but it's nowhere near your
favorite shirt because of how it doesn't
feel like it fits you well I've had that
problem every fucking day of my life and
I'm also blessed to know someone like
Jay who's really picky about the type of
clothes he wears because he feels the
same way like we go out we see shirts
with like superheroes and gaming related
things on it and he like really wants
the shirt but there's no possible way
for me to be able to shop online for him
because he always has to feel the
texture of the shirt and see how it fits
on his body really particular about that
just like me okay so with this
merchandise line my first objective was
to choose i'd have like this giant
expansive catalogue which shirts i
wanted to print my logos and things on
and i went through and it took me like
two hours to do i just went there like
the whole catalog and i was looking for
things they're really soft really
triblend things like this they kind of
have a heather pattern you know like the
bunch of different colors mixed in
things that are soft and comfy and i
finally found the ones I
so that was my first objective not just
like standard crewneck crappy shirts
that I just post my face on I wanted
them to be comfy and natural and
something you would wear if it didn't
have a logo on it and I think I did
pretty good with that objective the
second thing I wanted was to not just
like plaster my face everywhere or to
like make it super narcissistic with
just like pictures of me modeling and
things like I wanted that to be part of
it and there are a few that have me on
them like the gamer girls are sexy one
and the old school one but I wanted them
to also make a statement of something
that I would actually wear gaming
related things things for my streams and
YouTube channel I wanted you to be able
to find something on my store that you
would wear if you didn't necessarily
know who I am and that was the thought
behind my favorite one I love this
fuckin heartbreaker design so all these
designs were inspired by me I thought of
these designs I told the creators what I
wanted and I did not let them finish
changing it until it was perfect I'm
sorry guys once again perfectionist now
in the past when I tried out having
merch I tried making the designs myself
and I'm like a decent too graphic design
decent at Photoshop but I could never
like just make it perfect you know there
were things that I couldn't do so the
fact that I could portray my ideas to
someone who actually knew what they were
doing a hundred percent and as a
background in making clothing lines was
amazing I got exactly what I wanted my
second favorite design is this one my
idea behind it was obviously like raging
out of playing video games but i also
wanted like a retro feel right so i
wanted the controller there and all I
told them was I wanted it to be about
rage I wanted this quote here raging is
healthy let it out and then I wanted to
have a bunch of cuss words on it and I
wanted it to maybe have like a
controller and they did exactly what I
wanted like you can't see it from here
but the outline of the controller is
actually a bunch of cuss words bitch
shit fuck and just things you would say
when you're raging and I just love it so
much oh my god and then my third
favorite design is this one it's me from
the Atari shoot with red hair where I'm
like orgasming amongst all these really
really old amazing Atari games with my
Atari shirt on and I like they made the
center of the attention me but they also
still kept the games in there like
that's amazing and the fact that it says
old-school underneath and I made them
choose the retro font it's just so
perfect to me it completely encompasses
exactly how I feel as a gamer how games
just simply aren't made the way they
used to be whether it's difficulty or
depth and as much as I love modern games
my childhood is always gonna be at the
forefront when it comes to what made me
a gamer those memories that nostalgia
it's the best and I feel like it's
personified in this shirt in this design
so Nate
say I put a lot of fucking passion and a
lot of love into these designs and I
really hope you guys enjoy them and I
have a promo code and a giveaway for you
guys so until the 31st you guys can use
YouTube 10 a scrim gear calm / store /
tara babcock for all of my designs to
get ten percent off and I'm also going
to be giving away 5 autographed shirts
so if you're one of the five winners
I'll be emailing you and asking you what
size and which design you want then I'll
have it shipped to me sign it and I'll
ship it off to you guys I'm so excited
about this and I want you guys if you
buy something or if you win something I
want you to use the hashtag care about
cock merge no spaces on instagram
twitter or facebook when you post a
picture of yourself and my merch oh I
really hope you guys love these designs
cuz i fucking love them and the clothes
fit so perfectly we've got Heather
colors modern designs it's just the best
shit ever it's nothing like any of the
merchandise have seen from anyone else
it's not just a standard fucking shirt
that just feels really rough and really
low quality and I just love it and I
hope you guys do too so the link for the
store the link to the giveaway and the
information about the promo code will be
down in the description also I give a
minimum of twenty-five percent to
charities animal based charities from
what I make off of the shirts which is
like like a revenue share thing but the
two months that I've been doing this
I've actually given a hundred percent to
charity I don't need it right now and
it's been such a small amount that why
not just give it back to charity or use
it for giveaways or something for you
guys ok I want to show off some of the
designs I'm gonna put them on for you
and then I'm gonna have JB my model for
the male designs all of the fabrics used
is super soft all the designs are my
idea and I would wear all of these
clothes and I especially love the tank
tops oh the tank tops are the best all
right i'll go ahead and put some of
these on for you I did wear and wash
these to make sure that the design held
up in the wash let's do it
one second okay this is actually the
design i used to use that i made myself
as the hype emoticon on my twitch
channel twitch approved it let me use it
for a year and then took it down saying
that it's too sexual I now have one that
says hype and has a picture of a
pokeball because whatever but this is an
homage to my original hype icon that
everyone loved so much all right back to
the fashion show
I fucking love this shit
okay really quick note on the Rays
design I don't have them in yet because
I just suggested that they add them but
i do have tank tops for the rage design
for men and women also i can't wait to
get those cuz the rage design is like
the best
best for last okay I might be a little
biased but I feel like I have the best
merch ever it's not too much you may
just put my face on everything but it is
something that is inherently Tara retro
games gaming in general raging low-cut
shirts soft Phoenix for guys tank tops
regular style shirts for guys that are
really soft and not just abrasive and
hard and low quality I tried my best to
make this an amazing set of merchandise
the you guys would enjoy wearing it
would feel soft on your skin where the
styles would be modern like something
you can find in any other store and half
designs don't just scream I love tara
babcock but did scream I love gaming
which is the thing I love the most also
sex continue watching if you want to see
all of the male designs one of the
designs that i don't have in a female
version is one of the best male design
so you'll have to stay tuned for that I
really hope you enjoyed this video I
really hope you can feel my enthusiasm
and passion for this and I hope it makes
you feel like wow I wish I had that
shirt or that would be cool to wear that
shirt also all of the shirts do have my
signature on them with a little heart
and I've been wearing these so often
since I got them so really fucking
amazing I hope you guys sign up for the
giveaway I hope you guys buy some
products it does support me it does
support charity and it just makes me so
happy to see you guys wearing my shirts
you guys look so good in them the ones
that I've seen so far I've retweeted
I've put on my Instagram and I just love
going through the tear babcock merge
hashtag which I'm hoping will get a lot
bigger you guys are amazing and I really
appreciate the support please like the
video subscribe to the channel if you
did enjoy you got to see me in one of my
brawl it's changing a little bit that
must have been fun if you don't like the
shirts at all at least and let me know
what you think in the comments about
them because viewer input is really
important to me I want to thank my
patrons on patreon who went through this
journey with me from the first email
from scrim gear saying they wanted to
produce a clothing line for me to
picking out the designs and seeing them
firsthand and getting the first dibs on
them you guys are amazing supportive and
I love you so much all right let's QJ
wearing my shirts don't leave yet the
little fan service for the girls and the
guys get to see the guy designs and how
soft the shirts look he's oh my god
they're soft ah enjoy and good luck in
the giveaway youtube ten for ten percent
off through the 31st of this month what
fawk was selling shirts you should get a
valor one guys look they're selling
shirts for the team's valor instinct and
mystic do they not have your size well
there's no like a rope like they're not
like your shirts here oh yeah haha promo
hashtag tara babcock merch
