hey guys today we're gonna be taste
testing candy from New Zealand /
Australia and I want to thank Nina 53 on
YouTube her link will be in the
description for sending me all of this
stuff if you guys didn't watch my Friday
video I got this in the mail and the
reason why I'm doing this today even
though I had something completely
different plan for sunday is because of
this literally any time I get something
chocolatey Jay gets into it and then
each almost all of it and I don't have a
large timeframe to record videos like
this before it's just all gone so I'm
gonna be trying these for the first time
today and these and a bunch of other
things like tim tams and just a bunch of
new zealand / australian candy and tell
you guys what i think i've never heard
of any of this stuff in America except
for Tim Tams but I've never had them I
think it's something that's like often
imported here kind of like kinder eggs
and kinder chocolate so let's go ahead
and try this a choco aid and I'm sorry
that they're already open it says the
great Kiwi comeback biscuits with orange
flavored filling and a choco top these
are look delicious look like this
they're like a little I don't know hmm
these you're so fucking good they're
like if you guys ever tried those like
chocolate oranges it's like an orange
shaped thing that you like smack on the
table and then you can like chocolate
slices and it tastes kind of orange it's
like that but with like a biscuit on it
oh so fucking good no wonder these are
almost gone we give this product a five
out of five for sure alright so the next
thing we're gonna try doesn't look like
Jay took very many of these which means
that it probably isn't that good i don't
know but these are called squiggles and
this is just like goody goody gumdrop
ice cream but it's a Vicky I don't know
what a becky is this is goody goody
gumdrops so i have no idea what this is
gonna taste like oh my god they're so
like melted look what I'm doing to my
fingers aha um whoa this is weird it
tastes like bubblegum these are actually
really good at tastes like bubblegum but
it's chocolate it's like really
interesting like at first it's like
off-putting because it's like bubblegum
and you're like oh I don't want bubble
gum on my chocolate but it's actually
really really good and I think these are
limited edition from Griffin's oh we're
good now rendered enjoy guy grabbed shit
kinda gross but totally lickable mmm
alright the next thing we have is the
original jaffas orange coated candy
they're orange candy coating dark
chocolate Center center with the re at
the end like it's all hello not American
jaffas chocolate a Kiwi icon whether you
roll them or bounce them the delicious
jaffas must be the most fun orange
chocolate ball ever probably because
it's the only orange got the ball looks
like this actually looks kind of red
it's like an M&M it tastes like a little
bit like an orange it's pretty good the
candy coating is actually just like a
little bit thicker that on an orange
orange didn't own it M&M I approval
these oh those are my dad buried I love
cadbury eggs around Easter time i will
give these three out of five and i
forgot to rate the squiggles so I give
the squiggles hmm three out of five as
well no I give those a four out of five
in these a 3.5 out of 5 I would say and
then we've got Tim Tam symptoms was like
something stuck on it if you guys didn't
watch my Friday video like a lot of my
mail got fucked up and this was one of
the things that got fucked up so like
the letters that she sent me two were
like drenched in water and I think it
was because she tried to send me some
soda and that I guess happened to
explode i'm not sure but so the outsides
of these look kind of weird news or tim
tams Tim Tam originals I feel like a lot
of people probably know this is because
I've heard of it it looks like they're
probably good because you know Jay
stolen from mm-hmm oh my god mm-hmm 4.5
for sure all right we've got mini
hokey-pokey milk chocolate bar by
Whitaker's white chocolate bar by
Whitaker's cornflakes lab by Whitaker's
which sounds gross and a milk chocolate
peanuts lab by Whitaker's so we're gonna
go ahead and try these I guess starting
with the peanuts lab oh this is kind of
like a good good something bar I like
things with like peanut chunks in them
yeah this is really good miss a path for
J so this one's a 4 then we've got the
regular milk chocolate bar oh the hell
this is even crunch here the crunchy
stuff on the inside is kind of like a
butter finger where it like collapses
and gets stuck on your teeth it tastes
really good but it's really annoying to
pick out of your teeth I would give this
a 3.5 now we've got white chocolate by
Whitaker's
not usually a huge fan of white
chocolate it's too sweet for me J really
loves white chocolate but I'm just like
meth I'm more of a dark chocolate milk
chocolate and like anything in between
kind of person so really perfumey white
chocolate and it's got like little
pieces of stuff in there I would give
that a two out of five it's not really
my thing all right now Korn flakes lab
which I'm really afraid of oh yeah it's
like lemony it's weird okay cornflakes I
can't imagine it looks like chocolates
me i don't know i think it's just like
cornflakes is the the crunchy stuff in
there or something yeah the prodigy chef
is literally cornflakes that's not bad
it doesn't get stuck in your teeth as
much so the next thing we have our that
was a three I would say the next thing
we have is Pascal pineapple lumps I
don't know if I'm gonna like these I
don't usually like pineapple and Jay
hasn't touched it as you can see so I
don't know the bag smells really
pineapple II this is what they look like
I'm a little bit afraid of this but
let's do it it's really squishy actually
not bad it's really gummy it's actually
not bad it's just like gummy stuff in
the middle that kind of tastes like
pineapple with like chocolate around it
it's not at all like I thought it would
be I thought it would be like actual
pieces of pineapple or like dried
pineapple in the middle but it's not so
yeah I would give this one I guess a
three because it like exceeded my
expectations of being like a two or
lower she's actually pretty good oh we
have one more candy mom bottom we have
another corn flakes lab so we already
tried that so I'll just like save that
for Jay thank you so much Nina for
making me fatter I really appreciate it
i also like trying new things from other
countries and i really appreciate you
sending me things if you guys want me to
continue doing the tasting videos like
the video subscribe to the channel post
in the comments that you enjoyed this
and tell me what country I should try
next or just send me shit from your
country and I'll definitely try it and
for the next taste testing video I still
have this good head ship which is like
the stuff that you use to give head if
you want flavored head to experience and
I have all these different flavors so if
you guys want me to do that post in the
comments let me know it's kind of like
my flavored condoms but instead it's the
ultimate blowjob oral delight gel in
five different flavors I love you guys
thank you so much for watching I hope
this video entertained you if you guys
have tried any of this candy let me know
if you agree with my ratings which one's
your favorite and I will see you in the
next video I love you guys bye ah stuff
in my teeth
