hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail I have to be honest
with you I haven't felt this like weird
like stomach or neck related malaise in
a while but today all of a sudden it
just hit me after being really tired all
day I'm now feeling extremely nauseated
so if I do end up throwing up on camera
it is your fault for making me love you
so much
this is fucking Friday not male Friday
not male Friday night male not Saturday
night male so I have to get this shit
fucking done also you guys took the time
to send me like some of the most amazing
shit like this little envelope from
fucking lettin Daisy like oh my god it's
so cute and I just want to fucking open
this shit and you know appreciate it
because you guys are just so awesome so
we're gonna go ahead and do that I don't
know what I'm rambling about let's go
ahead and get into this video but before
I do I'm wearing Tara Murch oh my god it
says my name on it this is like jerking
myself off taking it to a new level I
like the shirts from my clothing line
that don't have me on it so that I don't
feel so narcissistic but I'm okay with
it because I really like the design if
any of you guys want this design or a
million other designs that don't have me
on it but talk about you know raging
while gaming being a heartbreaker with
like gaming references check in the
description look for scrim gear and a
minimum of 25% of my cut goes to charity
so there's that too I just want to see
more people using the hashtag Tara
Babcock merch on Instagram and Twitter
because that's just so fucking cool
alright we have got a tiny little cute
adorable thing with like a polar bear
stamp and a flower stamp that says
forever from light and Daisy and I love
her so much she's so cute so we're gonna
open this up right now and we're gonna
be very careful doing so it's a drawing
oh my god oh I don't know if you guys
can see this okay I have to turn it at a
certain angle so you guys can see it
it's like a drawing of me as a pokemon
trainer with like bubblegum coming out
of my mouth and I'm like really cute and
sexy and it's just so fucking cute I
love it so much oh this is so going in
my fan art binder also at lighten Daisy
on Instagram and Twitter I think Li T en
Dai sy I'll post your link in the
description ok so there's some text in
the back and says at the top Tara showed
the doodle but Reed off camera so I'm
gonna do that for my eyes only bitches
who Shu Shu Shu it's gonna be all about
how we like to scissor you know it all
about scissor
we've got a plushie I hope because I
fucking love slushies oh my god is this
what I think it is so fucking cute oh my
god he'll get B I forget what Togepi
sounds like but oh my god so cute
remember like misty was carrying around
an egg and then it like hatched out
halfway like this and it was really cute
thank you oh oh oh who sent this to me I
didn't get a message saying who sent
this to me and there was no note in
there so I just really appreciate you
sending this to me this is gonna be one
of my favorite plushies for like at
least a month and I have so many
plushies that that's like a feat of
strength seriously oh now I really feel
like misty misty Babcock alright let's
keep them in the video next we've got
this tiny little thing from like China
or something and I can't imagine what it
is but I don't want to like wreck it so
we're gonna open it carefully oh my god
oh my god it's the pokeball shirts oh my
god this is so epic I want to put it on
we're gonna put it on right now oh yeah
it's like stretchy like I could go
swimming in this actually really
interesting and by the way before I
forget this is from J mu J mood you have
just made my night let's get naked it's
like way better than I thought it would
I thought it would like not show off any
cleavage but just be like a crop top and
it's like both yes I am wearing men's
boxers got a problem with it anyway
thank you so much Jim Roode I'm gonna be
doing so many polka walks in the shirt
because this is just like the best shirt
ever and I have the Pikachu backpack and
I have the pokeball little purse
oh my god I'm Pokemon doubt right now I
love it thank you to mood next we've got
this I don't know what it is but it
comes from intimate postal oh thank you
and please enjoy red white and bound
this month we included a couple sample
bags so you can share sexy - hashtag
share sexy there is a ball gag I've had
one of these before instinct it's a
jawbreaker ball gag in it you can
actually like eat it or you can just
like drool on it and ruin it and throw
it away which is what I did with my
other one
we got BOGO we got a bunch of like ads
and things so there's like pleasure plus
condoms pop rocks I don't know what
orifice
six season hopefully just your mouth we
got simply clean personal cleaning wipe
which is actually really cool because I
like to use things like this or like
actually wash my pussy with soap and
water not on the inside obviously just
the outer region and my ass and
everything before I have sex because it
just it's just better it feels cleaner
and after a long day of walking out in
the heat its hopefully not necessary but
I do it anyway and then we also have
neon love touch a hundred functions a
hundred functions for a dildo that looks
so simplistic doesn't seem that great I
feel like this is like kind of a package
like starter thing or like a really bad
loot crate version of like sex toys but
I think this is what it is and on the
inside it says dear Tara hello and thank
you for your interest in our service my
name is Alexis Costello and I am the
owner of intimate postal please enjoy
this gift and help us by sharing on
social media the theme that this month
is red white and bound for every box
sold in July intimate postal donates one
to an active service member okay that's
kind of cool so I'm gonna post their
link in the description if you are
interested go ahead and check it out
also I'm gonna try to show you without
ripping it all the stuff oh okay it kind
of looks like this is just like a bunch
of like red white and blue stuff and
it's kind of cool next what is this oh
my gold
we've got like nipple covers cool one
size a cup two D cup so it makes your
your nipples not poked out as much
that's not what I'm gonna use them for
because I like having pokey nipples when
I'm not wearing a bra not gonna lie it
does make people stare at me but these
are these squishy they're red heart ones
with like gold glitter on them they look
really cool and you like stick them over
your nipples and then you can like not
feel uncomfortable if you're going to
see your grandma and you don't have a
clean bra or whatever the fuck you would
use them for I can't imagine a time
where I'm like insecure about my nipples
but I'm gonna use these as just pasty
it's just like straight-up pasties and
they look really cool actually really
professional I like this I'm happy with
my product and it comes in a little box
that has like closes automatically
stuffs pretty cool and this gift comes
from a stefank enjoy your gift he says
thank you so much you have been the
purveyor of pasties lately and I like it
let's open this one like this
there there was a thing and not a note
was there a note and I'm just missing it
well it is a pokemon hat I love it it's
like really soft too it's like the top
feels like nylon I don't know how to
explain it but it's really comfy and it
has all of the like starting Pokemon
from the first generation it's it's so
cute so fucking cute love it but it
doesn't say who it's from so I I really
appreciate that you sent this to me I
don't think this is actually a my wish
list I think you just saw this and sent
it to me and I really appreciate it
because it's like right up my alley
right now I feel like I'm having a
second rebirth of like my absolute
adoration for Pokemon because of Pokemon
go and everything and it just it feels
right it feels amazing now that they're
giving more love to the first generation
which is my generation from childhood so
awesome you guys are man oh my god I'm
starting to feel dizzy again I don't
like it I was like laying in bed trying
to prepare for like doing this video and
I'm like maybe I just want to do it but
I put on the makeup and I'm just like
what is this a gift from you or a gift
from you a gift for you dear LMT may
this scarf help you catch more pokemon
its a pokemon scarf good boy rubba it
actually smells good usually they smell
kind of weird all right let's see who's
on it it's Charmander Bulbasaur squirtle
and Pikachu I think and it's it's an
infinity scarf these are called infinity
scarves because you know they don't have
a an actual ending I love it I love it
so much thank you ever tongue I'm gonna
throw it to the back so it doesn't cover
up the wonderous Tatas I'm a pokey man a
pokeball man alright so I got a package
from New Zealand from a person called
Nina oh but nut shows us tea without
showing her address it's there's like
mold or something on the on the front
which is weird hopefully it didn't like
break I really hate the way customs
works
we're like a lot of people that I send
things to out of the country they have
to like pay extra just because of how
much money it costs me to send the item
and it's like really stupid I don't like
making people who I send like packages
to pay more money because whatever the
fuck we sincerely regret the damage to
your
during handling by the postage service
we hope this incident does not
inconvenience you we realize that your
mail is important to you that's so
fucked up like this was an adorable like
a look at this look at this shit this
was a fucking letter that someone sent
me and they somehow completely ruined it
and all of the stuff in here is like wet
and I just I cannot believe like look
how cute it has like a little like panda
bear on it and it says hello Tara and
this is just like I'm like really pissed
off about this is fucking not okay like
if I had seen this at the post office I
would have been making a lot of people
be really sad about the fact that they
were not involved at all because I am so
mad at this this is just okay we're
gonna try to get it out of there without
ripping it and try to read her letter it
smells just like wet stuff and it's so
so sad because like she put the little
ah this is so stupid I'm so mad about
this I'm so sorry Nina like there's a
little like sticker of a tree that's
like the cutest thing ever it's just
wonderful handwriting and like what the
fuck is this like why would they ruin my
shits like oh my god hi Tara here's some
treats from New Zealand for you and J to
enjoy in your tasting flavoured condoms
video you mentioned trying candy from a
different country here you go
nothing too crazy but a couple of snacks
are limited-edition your commitment /
dedication to your channel and fans is
so inspiring I have a small channel and
some days I feel discouraged oh but
watching your videos and seeing how hard
you work motivates me to push through
and try harder thanks for being so real
genuine and for being hot as hell sizzle
hope you enjoy the sweeties keen to see
what you think of them and there's like
a little diamond lots of love Nina Nina
53 on YouTube shameless probe I'll post
a link in the description she definitely
deserves it for putting this amazing a
box together and fuck you United States
Postal Service it's the United States
Postal Service - is not like the
international shit it's not fucking
customs like you guys are fucking
garbage oh you think like putting this
in a little baggie this is sorry makes
it better like fuck you seriously it's
like so disgusting that you guys just
can't do your fucking jobs like really
you had one job
anyway I'm package contents like she put
so much effort into this I'm gonna like
hang these up to dry and then stick them
in the binder when they're done drying
okay so we got I'm not actually gonna
read this I'm actually just gonna take
things out and look at them we got Tim
Tam original I
like I've heard of this before luckily
all this stuff is sealed so I'm assuming
that the stuff inside is like okay and
then we've got squiggles which are just
like goody-goody gumdrops ice cream but
it's a vicky what the fuck I'm gonna
have fun testing the taste of these
things
this is many honey pokey milk chocolate
bars from Whitaker's and there's like a
bunch of them in here
the original jaffas orange coated candy
I feel like Jays gonna fucking love
these I'm gonna try a few of these on
camera and then give the rest to him
unless I like them that much but yeah I
really appreciate you sending this to me
like I'm really fuckin annoyed at the
fact that like the letter and stuff the
most personal part of it got all fucked
up so stupid this is a choco aid the
great Kiwi comeback biscuits with orange
flavoured filling and a choco taco
lots of the orange going on in here it's
very interesting and then we've got
these might be actually ruined tuber
like really squishy right now but we've
got Pascal pineapple lumps with real
fruit juice so I think this is like
there's pineapple in the middle of the
chocolate which looks like really yummy
also I'm not gonna let you have any of
this because I don't like pineapple
flavoured come and we have got
Whitaker's slab white chocolate bar woo
and a few other things in here like the
different cornflake slab chocolate bar
just a bunch of Whitaker's chocolate
I've never heard of Whitaker's I'm
acting like I know about what occurs but
this is all just what occurs okay calm
down
Nina seriously I really I really
appreciate everything you've done for me
I'm definitely gonna be subscribing you
guys should go subscribe to our channel
for all the efforts you put into this
and we should like boycott the United
States Postal Service and go back to
like using owls or whatever the fuck
messenger birds because messenger birds
will probably do a less terrible job of
sending things fucking securely oh so
fucking annoying like at what point were
they just like I'm sorry your box was
flooded Oh deal with it I hope this
didn't cause you any inconvenience how
about when I fucking explode the post
office I apologize and say that I hope
it didn't you know cause any
inconvenience
fucking assholes we've got another box
let's let's make this a happier video
cuz I am actually livid right now like I
am I am vexed beyond normal terror
vexation hi auntie better not jump on
this Goomba mm-hmm and just like that
I'm kind of happy again I'm kinda happy
against a giant Goomba that's and I want
more than a giant fuckin Goomba oh this
is fucking a picker I'm like looking at
myself with the Goomba in the fucking
viewfinder thing which actually happens
to be my laptop because I look like a
fucking homeless Pikachu loving I guess
not homeless maybe like a hipster which
is like one of the same kind of lover of
goombahs lover of goombahs they're so
angry where is the other eyebrow what
what is this life what is this life you
guys I bro the incompetence of some
people I can't get here when this
happens to stuffed animals like I once
got a stuffed animal where the eyes were
placed like up here and down here and
like J loves the stuff in and well even
more because he's like oh it's unique
and it's cute and I guess that's how I
feel about this Goomba but still like
what the goddamn fuck you know it's like
he just shaved his eyebrows off like
whatever it's not even like it's like a
really stuck on too so like how in the
hell did they send a ghoul but like it
just doesn't have the other eyebrow like
we're gonna move on it's not even in the
box you guys the eyebrows not even in
the box
they didn't even decide to include it
after it came off nope they're just like
fuck it this is a sufficient product
this is exactly like the fucking picture
on Amazon I don't understand sheet on a
fucking single oh my god I'm assuming he
doesn't have a gift over there
but this is amazed like a gigantic
fucking myself like if I get a Mario it
is a gigantic Mario
oh my mother god fuck he's so you he's
like as big as I am and he's got there
we go that's better
Oh at least one thing today came right
we got nipple pasties that came right we
got this what was that someone's
deciding to break into my house right
now they will feel the wrath of Terror
like I hope you were breaking into my
house right now so I have someone to
fucking take this anger out on oh but
then I have my giant Mario and
everything feels right with the world
again kind of I still feel large and
justices have been wrought upon me and
I'm just like angry today because it's
more the fact that like people are
incompetent and I can't stand idiocy
like oh it's a biggest pet peeve of mine
and then also the fact that these people
like rubber tongue and like fucking Nene
alike you guys sent me these things like
out of the kindness of your hearts and
like people like spend time on making
these things and then the fucking USPS
is just like fuck you and the people
sending me my gifts are just like fuck
you you get like a subpar item because
we don't give a fuck fucking assholes
all right guys I the video started out
shitty and then I started feeling better
and now I'm fucking annoyed at the world
for come on guys just like if you take
one thing away from this video just to
your jobs right man I feel like I'm
doing my job sufficiently am i not
entertaining you are you not entertained
am I not like improving my production
quality rather than just like turning
into like fucking marina Joyce or
something and doing drugs and being
crazy like what the hell you know come
on professionalism all right I'm feeling
silly most most of the last part there
the last little rant was was a joke I
really appreciate you guys you're so
fucking amazing I hope you have a
wonderful weekend I hope you guys just
like transgress the minds of everyone
around you as like the best person both
superficially and internally and you
guys are just the world's embodiment of
perfection that that is what I hope for
you and I know it's high hopes but I
think you can get there I love you guys
I wish I could hug you all I'll be at
PAX this year
if you guys are going to pax you see me
come up and give me a hug I'm also gonna
starting next year I'm gonna be going to
playlist live and all the VidCon type
things because I feel like I should be
meeting people and miss going to events
so yeah if you guys go in to any of
those events I would love to meet you
there
also e3 and maybe like blows con or
something I love you so much have a
wonderful weekend and if you like the
video please subscribe and you know like
the video actually with the clicky bye
guys it's me Mario
