hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Terry it's comments I am excited to be
back to the old format where I just say
a bunch of ridiculous shit and what I
think about really really retarded
comments and also a few nice comments
just strewn in there for making you guys
have a little bit more faith in the
world as I destroy your faith in the
world with the other comments and if you
were wondering I am wearing one of my
merch shirts if you want to get the
heartbreaker style or any other style in
male or female apparel I have it all at
scrambler comm slash store slash Tara
Babcock link is also in the description
a minimum of 25% of my share goes to a
charity which is usually the ASPCA or
the HSUS which is all animal based
charities but lately I've been giving a
hundred percent of it because why not
who needs a bra when you've got epic
Tara merch let's get into it just
kidding
before we start I also now have a guy
doing all of my music and all of my
effects he's fucking amazing he's a
musician with a band so if you want to
check that out or any of the songs that
he made for me if you liked the tune in
the background his links will also be in
the description okay now really we're
gonna debauchery start / start
debauchery alright it looks like with
the first comment we're gonna start with
trying to pronounce some German I know
it's been a long time since I've met a
German video but yes I still do love you
German men or deutschen men er sergeant
lute Wafaa who is it clearly some kind
of officer in the Nazi regime says good
come acht
on one of my videos mock vitae on
another one of my videos give me out
another one of my videos and do piss
shown on the last one all within the
same hour Thank You sergeant Luke guava
I appreciate you thinking that I'm
pretty and whatever else she said how
was my pronunciation Germans posting the
cop comments I already replied to this
one but I fucking love it a sunburn is
like getting an STD from the Sun for not
wearing protection and for a little PSA
my plastic surgeon says the number one
thing I have to do to anti-age or to
fight against aging I guess you would
call it is wear sunblock because the two
biggest asia's are sun and cigarette
smoke and he also says that fair skin
tones age faster if there was every time
I wanted to be black it would be now Mad
Max 24 says La charming Vicki Vale are
we a wink question mark I'd like to see
how that plays out so this is a comment
on my new
telltale Batman series which just came
out yesterday and
I decided to play the game the same day
it came out because I'm that excited
about it it seems to be pretty good so
far and yeah Vicki Vale seems more
available than Catwoman who scratched
the shit out of my face instead of
letting me play with her pussy anyway if
you want to watch the series on the
gaming channel link in the description
as always shameless self promo you
fucked in the sixth grade I don't care
if you're smarter than other hoes but
you are a skank tip number one it's
pretty objective that I'm smarter than
other hoes since hoes are inanimate
objects they're just not sentient beings
next if you're gonna try to extend a
word make it not a consonant and more
like a vowel that you can actually
extend the sound of like skank
instead of skank also I don't think
anyone in the sixth grade is like yeah
I'm gonna be a career slut
maybe your mother troll Tama 93 says why
can't Batman be black okay so I wanted
to talk about this a little bit because
I think it is fucking stupid how
sensitive people are to racism so the
subtitle of my new Batman episode was
Batman's not black there was no
intonation there it was text and it
couldn't tell you whether or not I'm
like Batman's not black or Batman's not
black so for you to assume that I'm
saying it in the latter way as if I'm
kind of mad that Batman might possibly
be black just because I'm white that
make sure you racist not me
also you clearly didn't even watch the
video because the reason the title is
that way is because even though
Commissioner Gordon told his subordinate
not to shoot Batman like five minutes
later for no reason he shoots Batman so
I made a funny joke in light of all the
recent publicized black shootings by
police officers because I believe a way
to transcend tragedy and a way to
lighten things up is to make a joke and
nothing is off-limits because it's a
joke and intention is all that matters
what the fuck he's not black come down
No so if you have a problem with any of
that maybe we just wouldn't be friends
but before you go ahead and assume that
it's a racist comment instead of like oh
I wish Batman was black which it could
have been actually watched the content
such a problem with society of these
days when everyone is so fucking
sensitive and they think that their
opinions are the correct opinions even
though objective morality does not exist
you should live the way that I live or
you are wrong and I hate you and think
you're a bad person and I spend a lot of
my time trying to make you sad just stop
I like the big titty it's very hard to
play with law I assure you the big titty
is not hard to play with
I would fuck Tara all due respects after
I marry her and kill all the coals from
other guys like I have a bunch of random
guys calling my phone at all times and
you would kill the calls
I like your protective nature part-time
ponderer says as a guy dot actually
enjoy her opinions and then to emoticons
I can't see you because I did this on
desktop and then he asked two minutes
later I wonder if she's been with an
asian guy
are you questioning whether you wonder
or are you actually asking me if I've
been with an asian guy even if it's
something that you're wondering if it's
not a question you don't end with a
question mark but since you are
wondering and you were so nice in your
last comments no I've never been with an
asian guy although I really really want
to be especially when they're telling
muscular you take hated Tana yamagishi
and make him just a little bit taller I
am in oh my god her hair is so greasy
I'm trying not to wash it as much and I
had to pick the day to not wash it where
I go in a long pokey walk and get a
spray tan and work out of the gym
that's how I feel right now all right so
some guy says first and that sounds like
five other people spiraling into a tizzy
so I don't understand why people like to
comment first or second yada yada but I
also don't understand why people abhor
people who do Cerreta says first and
then this Bryant guy says shut the fuck
up you reloading no life dick sucking
retarded piece of shits reloading was he
like reloading in the metaphorical game
of life and because he was reloading and
had that downtime you were able to snipe
him with this awesome comment and then
reader replies with it shut the fuck up
nigga you piece of shit tell your mom to
suck your dick asshole
fuck and then this Johnny guy who I love
by the way jumps in and says dick
asshole I think
might want to learn the importance of
punctuation and how they can help your
message come across more clear true debt
and then Bryant the first asshole
replies fine then comma please stop
doing that no like that please stop and
have a nice day I'm not going to be an
incest and then magic Hitler just has to
chime in and he says and then plot twist
you're doing incest right now doing
incest the internet brian says shut up
and the magic Hitler replies one oh
we're getting into fucking bullet points
now are we no I have my rights too how
do you type that with your head in your
mom's vagina the answer to that one is
home keys anyone can type without
looking at the keyboard if you know your
home keys and three have you ever tried
bleach it's really good for people of
your mental state I feel like bleach is
the single worst way to kill yourself
like honestly if I was gonna kill myself
it would probably be with a gun because
I feel like women don't kill themselves
often with a gun and it would like leave
my face intact while like leaving a big
blood spatter all over the wall I think
that would be kind of cool and it would
be kind of like a fuck you to all the
people that made me feel that way so I
wanted to do that I'd have to clean up
my fucking brain matter I think that
would be awesome
that'll like cutting and taking pills
shit that's for pussies
the Batman over 9000 who I love says you
can still fuck Piccolo's face if you
guys don't know my favorite Dragon Ball
Z character is piccolo so I always pick
him in the fuck marry kill as my marry
or fuck or just talk about how hot he is
but he is a gender and has no penis as
all namekians are and I feel like
piccolo would be into men now that I
think about it because the way he didn't
stretch his mouth to let out an egg
you could definitely deep throat there's
got to be a hand-tied piccolo deep
throating albert Bollinger says but Jeff
Dunham is funny no he's not he's just
not puppet comedy puppet comedy is
literally the most insipid drivel bullsh
it's fucking retarded shit in the world
this is my opinion you do you boo
Rogelio says love the candidness what
inspired you to be so open about your
body and sex well honestly it's just the
fact that so many people aren't open
with it and it's so easy for me to be
open with it because I see how fucking
natural it is and how the fact that I
want to live my life one way does not
dictate that you have to live your life
the same way so I like voicing my
opinions and voicing my ideologies and
things that make me who I am and
I enjoy doing and I just like sex that
much it's true it's true I can not deny
I like come in the I actually don't but
I'm not a rapper anyway he goes on to
say most women I find are open to
talking about sex in casual conversation
if you gently nudge them in that
direction take skill though whoa you
should really make a youtube video on
this skill
what like subliminal messaging I really
love how your eyes X bring out your fat
ass beautiful smile that's how I would
do it personally all right so this guy's
commenting on my fuck marry kill video
multiple times replying to himself as a
straight male I just want to say that
you're crazy if you don't want to fuck
Jason Statham or at least if you don't
find him manly 10/10 would let bang if
gay wait a minute isn't usually 10/10
would bang if gay the word let right
there is the telltale sign that this
motherfucker is a bottom and then he
replies and you don't fuck brahh holy
fuck I heard he has onyx for a dick no
I'm sorry I don't fuck Barack he happens
to be like a non real character in an
anime where did you hear the azan onyx
for a penis was it I loved hentai comm
not sure if that's a real sight not
banging crash either shaking my head not
banging that Bandicoot and lastly not
Danny DeVito with his Magnum dong he is
the trash man holy fuck what is wrong
with you apparently I have worse taste
in men than a heterosexual man who is
the bottom hunter Thomas disguised as
Obama says would you fuck vegan games no
all right let's try to get through this
one Tara you should really rethink what
you say about people like you're saying
they're your slaves and they don't have
an opinion like what the fuck sorry I
forgot you were the queen I don't know
what triggered you into thinking that
I'm oppressing people with my opinions
and when I say this is on my fuck marry
kill video by the way it's so like I
must have been like I would fuck Shao
Kahn and take what is mine because the
whole world belongs to me how
oversensitive do you have to be to
misconstrue like a fun game of fuck
marry kill with like me needing to be
the queen of things and controlling
people with what I say about them it's
like a new level of crazy toxic gaming
says you have nice tits you're just hot
and I just want to kiss you and your big
horny boobs and lick your weapon after I
come on you so hard you want to look up
your own come off
my pussy that's what I took from that
whatever floats your boat man I'm down
if you fix your grammar I like to PM my
girl is that bad I'm inclined to say no
unless it's like while she's sleeping
and unable to give consent dragons are
epic says I will never FAP to you I'm
just a scaly it's just I've never been
attracted to humans this another one of
those like like I forget the names of
them there's a bunch of like other like
other kin that's what it's called this
person is like role-playing as Spyro
that's the Internet all right then these
people that post things just for shock
value like why why the fuck why the fuck
are there so many 7 plus inch dicks in
the comments
literally scroll through the comments
zero dicks was extremely disappointed
not even like a four inch er there were
no dicks I think what you mean to ask is
why so many people say that they have a
bigger than seven inch dick when that's
like way above the average because it's
the Internet and you never have to prove
your false allegations
everyone has an eleven and a half inch
penis with 11 foot girth just take a
second to visualize if that would look
like on the Internet everyone so I was
looking through the comments on my nofap
is both video which got mostly negative
comments from pussy men who think it's
normal to abstain from any sexual
release even though we're biologically
hardwired to need sex and want sex and
have a sexuality engrained in our DNA
and he just posted this guy because
you're a bitch all life's questions can
be answered with because you're a bitch
I'm so glad this girl also likes girl
LMAO 1 she's fucking hot too
she likes the video games 3 not like
many other gamer girls that don't want
to make their appearance better for she
likes metal music 5 gamer dudes wet
dream I feel like five should be the
title of the list or something whatever
this but I don't even know what this
list is I don't even know why I included
this I just thought it was funny at
first now it's kind of met moving on
Marcela's hymen hymen hey 12 year old
says Tara love your videos I'm attracted
to you but what you say actually means
something you are without any doubt sexy
I really appreciate that thank you
Bilbo B says you look too plastic and
not natural at all I'm trying to find
something in the house that I can look
to this plastic to further ingrained in
your brains that's the wrong
- if you're trying to say too much -
plastic also thank you for the awesome
compliment I know it was backhanded but
I do love my plastic and there we have
it for this week's episode of Tara
Reid's comments I hope you guys enjoyed
it if you enjoy my content please like
the video subscribe to the channel and
check out all of my links in the
description I have a bunch of different
social media things I have another
channel I have a live stream I do a
bunch of cool stuff I have a fucking
merchandise line now I have custom
controller I've like so many fucking
things that I'm doing I also have a
patreon if you want to support and I
just fucking love you guys you guys are
amazing you guys make me so fucking
happy I have a bunch of like fucking
fluffy shit from my sweats on my legs
because I sweat it into my sweats
because that's why they're called sweats
you're supposed to sweat in them yeah I
love you guys I'll see you in two weeks
with another Tara Reid's comments keep
posting shit in the comments for fodder
of one of my favorite series assistances
bye guys
