hey guys and welcome to this month's
episode of Instagram Q&A but instead of
an Instagram Q&A so not this month's
Instagram day we're going to be doing a
fuck marry kill on your guys's
suggestion and yes I'll leaving you a
shout out for all of you who have given
me really good fuck Marian kills so as a
preface to this if you guys don't know
what fuck marry and kill is it's
something that I've never really liked
because I'd never really understood the
nuances between Mary and fuck I was like
okay so if you marry someone are you
settling down with them and you can't
have sex with them or is it more like a
one-night stand for fucking and then a
marriage has like lots of consistent sex
you know I wasn't exactly sure how that
worked but for the purpose of my fuck
marry kill video I'm gonna define them
fucking is having sex with only once
marrying is being a life partner with
someone that also includes sex and
killing is just literally wiping off the
face of the earth
in case you guys didn't know which one
that was Oh before we get started into
this look at my fucking under boob sweat
look at it it's over 100 degrees in this
house and I'm trying to deal with that
while filming a video in front of three
really really hot lights oh and by the
way I'm so insecure about my boob sweat
that I'm gonna make a meme saying that
if you don't boob sweat you're not a
real woman hashtag real women have boob
sweat let's get on into this I'm feeling
truly today at 4 R 0 0 qu e I'm assuming
his name is Farouk says the rock Jason
Statham and Paul Walker fast and furious
style well we are going to shits I'm
gonna break the rules sometimes in this
we are gonna fuck and marry the rock
like have a crazy one-night stand with
him and then eventually hook up a few
years later and then Miriam and kill the
other two sorry Paul Walker it's never
too soon to make a joke and Jason
Statham is just kind of gross to me some
of these movies are okay but like he
does not personify the attractive manly
man to me he just doesn't kitten janae
says and I love you baby girl
no she didn't say that I said that
Resident Evil Chris Jill and Wesker okay
fuck Jill because damn marry Wesker
because damn and male so he has a penis
my logic is of course I'll have a
one-night stand with a woman because
women are fucking hot but when it comes
to settling down and taking a dick or
vagina every single day I want it to be
a dick and Wesker is pretty hot and
we're just going to kill Chris because
fuck Chris right Oh
I cousins Richard says Brock from
Pokemon were you from Street Fighter
Street Fighter 2 specifically I don't
know why and cloud from Final Fantasy
Advent Children I don't know why Advent
Children why not just 7 rock from
Pokemon season 1 episode 2 like what
although I don't think he's in episode 2
maybe so no episode 1 is just like ash
meeting misty and finding Pikachu anyway
I love Brock as a comedic relief but
I've never been too attracted to him
cloud is an amazing character but never
been too attracted to him but
unfortunately I'm gonna have to say
marry Ryu fuck cloud and kill Brock
although I feel like Brock would like me
ok so my thinking which is the
antithesis of most people's thinking in
this is that the guy want to marry is
supposed to be both hot and have a lot
of abilities like be intelligent or be
strong or whatever whereas most people
will go like I want to fuck the hot
person and then marry the nice guy I
mean get a nice guy the guy who can
provide for me fuck all that shit I
don't give a shit about that I just want
the hottest fucking guy who's also
intellectually stimulating and can beat
the shit out of people and it's just
overall the best so marriage the best
fuck is like fucking once and then kill
is like I literally just don't like him
holy shit Matt pitcher 28 Ben Affleck
shao kahn captain america by the way
you're awesome you're awesome too
thanks for posting this um we are going
to fuck Ben Affleck marry Shao Kahn and
kill Captain America because as much as
I love Captain America I'm sorry cap the
other two were just way more my ideal
and yeah I guess it's kind of weird that
I like Ben Affleck when I'm comparing
the actors Ben Affleck and Chris Evans
it's always been Affleck and then I'm
comparing like Batman and Captain
America and I would say Captain America
but you know it's difficult it's
difficult I am mate beerus ik says
samuel l.jackson Morgan Freeman Will
Smith BBC special oh yeah my favorite
kind of special fuck Samuel Jackson cuz
he seems like he might be a good fuck
maybe in his like heyday he's a little
bit too old for me now kill Morgan
Freeman and marry Will Smith because
will smith is the most my type on that
list obviously I feel like that's
obvious is that not obvious
alright so Noah Sims 9 9 9 says Goku
John Cena and Darth Vader
are we talking Darth Vader like post
being burned alive and being like kind
of gross and
having to wear all that stuff to just
survive who probably doesn't have a
penis let's assume that he can keep his
whole suit on he's not like Anakin
anymore is not like just like the chill
Jedi dude he's actually like Darth Vader
post burning but he can just whip out
like this giant cock that has not been
maimed well I don't like care if a cock
is like burnt to be honest as long as
it's still a good-sized cock so we're
gonna go with that vision of Darth Vader
I would say based on how Goku treats
chichi that he would be terrible
marriage material so marry Darth Vader
fuck a Goku and kill John Cena because
compared to the other two he just is a
simple human male he's not a fucking
Super Saiyan and he's not like the
fucking Lord of Darkness you know Eva
rahrr has a really good one she's really
hot by the way I shouted her out in my
last fnm you should check her out she's
fucking awesome it's Eevee a ra wrrr on
instagram she says corey taylor mick
thompson and craig jones who these are
all people from Slipknot if you didn't
know so okay I have had the biggest
fetish for just wanting it to be
gangbanged by like everyone from
Slipknot and masks and everything so
this is a really good one for me but at
the same time when I'm picking and
choosing one or the other like Korey
Taylor's voice is one of my favorite
voices ever just beautiful fucking voice
so sexy and he has a nice sized neck I
would say but he's a really short he's
like five seven and mick thompson is
kind of like the like out of shape guy
that I'm not really into but he's more
my type because he's like big and tall
and stuff uh and Craig is just like no
Craig not my type at all so it's hard to
say if I can separate the fact that
Corey Taylor is like a god to me and
choose Mick Thompson over him who's more
my type or if I would just jump on Cory
Taylor's dick because this fucking Corey
Taylor but let's say I'll marry Cory
Taylor fuck Mick Thompson and kill Craig
so much thought going into this so much
thought alright liquor and noodles says
Solid Snake Laura Croft Crash Bandicoot
love the videos keep up the good work
this is hard because obviously I'm going
to take Solid Snake as the person I'm
marrying and Laura Croft is the person
I'm fucking because damn that ass and
dem titties especially like the earlier
generation shit but like Crash Bandicoot
that would be like some like out of
species sex that I don't know like maybe
he would be kind of fun I guess if I was
being open-minded at the time so I'm
just gonna have to kill Crash Bandicoot
and go with my initial reaction
okay so Calum Cameron Hughes says Danny
DeVito Hugh Hefner Mario and Luigi so
Mario and Luigi is apparently like a
fucking package like you get them
together and then he says also I
appreciate your ability to talk about
stuff others wouldn't dare to smiley
smiley smiley thank you so much Callum I
appreciate that well you get a
two-for-one with Mario and Luigi and
literally he's like the most attractive
Hugh Hefner like I was looking at
pictures of Hugh Hefner recently when he
was younger and he wasn't that bad so
let's say Hugh Hefner in his heyday
because there's no possible way I could
ever get on Danny DeVito's dick ever
like it's just not possible for me so I
can't do you have to now either like I
can't sex has to be somewhat physical
for me
so even if I liked his personality I
just would consider him a friend that's
logic to me that's rational that makes
sense so Hugh Hefner in his heyday would
be my fuck and I would just marry Mario
and Luigi because that sounds like a
decent deal you know you'd have two
people protecting you and it would be
kind of like a Princess Peach situation
where I could like cut clew EEG with
Mario and it would be fun I don't know
but Mario is short so maybe I would just
go for Luigi and switch it up who knows
all right Purple Rain rain isn't like
you know having power or taking over
whichever way you want to look at it
Goku Vegeta or piccolo okay so
piccolo marry hands-down favorite person
and Dragon Ball Z by far so that's just
easy
I would fuck Vegeta and kill Goku Goku
doesn't seem like a good fuck and he's
not a good husband but he is hot like
put with other people as you can see I
would choose him Vegeta just seems like
an angry choker like I feel like he
would choke the shit out of me I feel
like him and Bulma are kind of the
perfect example of what I would want in
a relationship like it's kind of hot and
I've had like fantasies about watching
like you know Vegeta
and her have sex and I wish that hentai
was a little bit more normal and more
professional because I would love to
watch that so yeah that's that that's my
choice that's my choice alright so kenny
hl7 I think it is because it's v11 so I
guess it would be 7 says Jin Kazama
Sephiroth or Daryl Dixon marrying
Sephiroth fucking Jin because doujins
from Tekken by the way if you guys
didn't know and where was I J just
texted me
yeah we're marrying Sephiroth fucking
Jin because he looks like a good fuck
and killing Daryl Daryl is a badass but
once again he's just a mortal man
Oh God Marshall Clark too says Trump
Kevin Hart and Justin Bieber
okay so fuck this sucks because I don't
want to keep cheating and killing two of
them but I would definitely marry Kevin
Hart even though he's my height it was
just like oh that's the worst thing
that's the biggest turnoff to me is when
someone is like my height or shorter
it's just not okay to me sexually my
loins do not want it obviously it's okay
and we can be friends but you know what
I'm saying um Justin Bieber I guess I
would be fucking Justin Bieber because I
hate Justin Bieber I really do but like
you know I saw a picture of his penis
recently it doesn't look that bad
flaccid so maybe it would be okay maybe
I could just like fuck him and tell him
to get the hell out of my house and like
it would be like haha haha I just took
advantage of you as much as a woman can
take advantage of a man because that's
not really a thing that matters to
people he would just be like yeah I got
light you know some I'm not fucking
Trump so kill Trump obviously that would
probably do the United States a favor
right now anyway so whatever Jay says
Wolverine magneto and Quicksilver we
just recently watched like all of the
fucking Wolverine and fucking x-men
movies and shit and we just saw x-men
apocalypse like on one of the last days
that it was showing in the theater so
we're gonna go with the people and how
they look like in the movie not in the
comic books because I don't know much
about Quicksilver in the comic books
honestly like I know of him but I don't
know much about his lore or what he
looks like from comic book to comic book
to rendition to rendition so we are
gonna go with and obviously we're
talking about young magneto
I really like the Quicksilver guy I
think I have a thing for him in a way
that would make it so I would want to
fuck him so let's just do that this is
hard because Wolverine is manly as fuck
but I don't find the fucking actor who
plays him why the fuck can't I remember
his name now anytime I need to remember
a name on film I can't do it I don't
find him that attractive I find him to
kind of have like the buff version of a
dad bought if that makes sense and I
know that's going to make a lot of you
guys feel insecure and it's gonna sound
weird but it's just a nuance that I see
on him it's not anything against you
guys um and magneto is he's got he's
like the hot he's got like a hot German
name he's like Fastback or something
right like he's kind of German looking I
kind of like that and obviously you
plays like a Jew or whatever but
uh he's kind of hot I guess but
Quicksilver like imagine fucking
Quicksilver you can and done and you
would have like 40 orgasms before you
even realize that you're having orgasms
a lot of people would probably say that
having sex with Quicksilver would be bad
because it would be so fast but I feel
like penetrating you that fast that many
times and how many times he could
penetrate you in the course of like his
body actually biologically like
ejaculating I feel like it would be
really good and scientifically I'm
thinking about how amazing it would be
and he's kind of cute I think he's the
best character in the movies by far I
was sad when he was first introduced
that he wasn't in the movie more and in
the last movie he was in it and like
he's like one little cameo that he gets
in every movie where he's doing
something amazing really fast
it's he's just that I fucking whatever
dude we're gonna we're gonna marry
magneto and fuck quilt Quicksilver and
kill Wolverine but first we're gonna
just like taste this dick a little bit
we're gonna taste his dick alright but
that took longer than I thought it would
add unless says sorry Chris Hemsworth
Angelina Jolie Arnold Schwarzenegger are
we talking Arnold Schwarzenegger in his
heyday I feel like that would be unfair
it would just be like fuck and marry
Arnold's wasn't Schwarzenegger
Schwarzenegger I need to swallow and get
rid of everyone else um but let's say
Arnold Schwarzenegger now so we are
gonna fuck Angelina Jolie because the
girl will always be the fuck and merry
Christams worth and kill Arnold
Schwarzenegger I'm sorry
Arnold you are a big inspiration to
everyone in the fitness and bodybuilding
community and you're pretty cool dude
despite never being able to lose even an
ounce of that accent as an actor but
yeah I'm sorry bye oh let's see the new
guy says his sister has a crush on the
person who plays Quicksilver yeah man
there's something likeable about him
he's one of the guys that is definitely
not my type but there's something
attractive about him actually Isaac says
your mom dad brother or sister this is
so easy so it's not as weird to have sex
with your mom if you're a girl like
there's a lot of porns where a mom and a
daughter just go like fucks and buddies
so we're going to fuck my mom we're
going to marry my brother and sister
because I don't have a brother or sister
fuck you troll failed and we're gonna
kill my dad sorry dad but I'd rather
kill you than fuck you no no I would we
would staged my father's death because I
like my father
is a very very cool man and I wouldn't
be able to kill him probably unless you
know I had to sorry dad all right Thomas
Hurley cloud final fantasy obviously
Solid Snake and the Joker Suicide Squad
now this is a very important thing to
say Joker Suicide Squad because I think
that guy I don't know what he looks like
without makeup I don't want to know it's
kind of like a mask thing for me and I
think he's hot so uh fuck I don't want
to kill cloud but we're gonna kill a
cloud I'm sorry we're gonna marry Solid
Snake because I would rather have it be
fucking naked snake big boss because I
mean I'm saying him and even look I'm
thin another than a sucka dick and shit
um and we're gonna fuck the Joker's I
would I said and then we're gonna kill
clouds sorry cloud oh my god maybe maybe
maybe if it was Zack maybe we wouldn't
kill Zack maybe we'd fuck is AK a little
bit but alright puppet a says me you and
J okay well here's the order in which
we're gonna do things this is how the
stack is going to resolve magic
reference I really miss magic oh my god
so what we're gonna do is we're gonna
marry no no wait this is easy
I never mind I thought I cared about the
person who's you but you're just a
random commenter I'm sorry bro you're
dead we're gonna fuck me and Mary J
because that just seems easy or we're
gonna marry me and fuck J that's better
yes but then we don't get to fucked you
all the time
I just think it would be hilariously
hilariously vapid if I was to marry
myself but I yes Jade a moody love you
baby
says rubber tongue Malin Manson and that
guy that plays Neville Longbottom I just
got finished well actually I'm on the
last I'm on Deathly Hallows part-2 right
now and never Longbottom was like a
different actor and then an actor the
actor that he is today but with like
gigantic like fake teeth it just looked
retarded and like put me off from the
movie and then they got rid of that and
he wasn't that bad he grew like twice as
tall as Harry Potter who was like as
tall as me by the way so he's not too
bad Robert tongue we're just gonna kill
Robert tongue because punishing Robert
tongue is what I like to live for and
Marilyn Manson I guess fucking Marilyn
Manson would be kind of interesting I
feel like for some reason he has a big
dick I feel like I can just tell and so
we're gonna fuck Marilyn Manson and
Marion Neville Longbottom not really my
type but why not all right Dylan Stamper
says Goku Kratos Guerin hey good luck
Tara Garen is a league of Legends
character and obviously criticized from
God of War
so we are going to fuck a Garen marry
kratos cuz mmm goddamn my pussy and
we're gonna kill Goku we're always
killing Goku because Goku Goku Goku
Kappa Robert uh : Kappa rocks I feel
like that's better to not like fuck up
my voice I don't know man
Goku there's something about Goku he's
just like not my kind of guy even though
he's got that bod and that Super Saiyan
boss so good okay like a loss Aragorn
Hall dere is Hall dere the one that I
posted with I just watched the Lord of
the Rings fucking trilogy and I don't
know I don't never remember the fucking
names No Aragorn
okay so Aragorn is the fucking why am I
so bad at least I never was Legolas is
right so we're gonna look it up real
quick yeah yeah so aragorn's like the
fucking main dude and Hall dere's the
the guy with the hair no Hall dear is
fucking um oh well there's the guy from
Sparta Spartacus he's hot in Spartacus
he's not my type at all he's got like a
bell face but um he's hot in Spartacus
because the way he fucks illa 3 I forget
all their names I'm really I'm like all
of a sudden bad with names I don't know
J's always been the the guy who's bad
with names but apparently I'm getting
pretty bad with names
um oh by the way I can upload longer
than 15 minutes so I don't give a fuck
to cut this up this is gonna be a long
ass fuck marry kill and we're just gonna
we're gonna do it good so blegh a loss
Oh Orlando Bloom is like not my thing
but as Legolas he's kind of alright
Aragorn
not my thing um fuck am I gonna marry
how dear fuck Legolas and kill Aragorn
like it seems so weird because Aragorn
seems like the most my type he's less
you know he isn't enough so that just
seems better but yeah that's what we're
going with all right spike Collins says
Sniper Wolf Brittany Smith and Gianna
Smith I don't know who the last two are
we're gonna look them up who the fuck is
this I can't do this one I'm sorry I
don't know who these people are oh my
god I wanted to do an all-girls one
because that seemed fun but Sniper Wolf
all of it uh taco Bay oh seven says
Wolverine Batman Deadpool depends on
which renditions of all of them Deadpool
in essence seems like a really cool guy
but I hate the movies he seems like my
kind of guys and when I would get along
with he also seems like a good fuck so
we're just going to pretend that it's
not Ryan Reynolds playing him and I
don't really
about the scarring on the face that's
the thing that I don't give a shit about
like if you have scars and stuff like I
found it so ridiculous especially in the
movie when he was like I can't go see my
love because like if you love someone
and also like who gives a shit about
scars on a guy like what the fuck
especially like even if I had not
especially even if I had like a line
across my eye like a fucking scar I
would kind of be like that's cool you
know I don't mind scars that much so for
me it's kind of a weird situation there
so I guess we'd fuck Deadpool marry bad
know I feel bad cuz I would fuck
Wolverine like Wolverine seems like a
good fuck to this is so stressful
we're gonna fuck Wolverine marry Batman
and kill Deadpool because he's fuckin
you know Ryan Reynolds and we don't like
no Ryan Reynolds alright Lucy but says
Chris Evans Chris Pratt and Chris
Hemsworth love you BAE and then she put
a picture of a little mouse or something
in a heart I love you too thank you um
so Chris special ah fuck man I like
Chris Pratt a lot and I like Chris Evans
a lot okay so Chris Evans as a fucking
Captain America 100% Chris Evans number
one we would be marrying him but um I
think overall god I like all three of
them it sucks I love Chris Pratt though
because I saw him first in Parks and Rec
and he was just like a chubby likable
little kind of buff guy and then he like
actually got ripped and lost a lot of
fat and then he became less likeable as
a non comedic person but he was still
likeable and I still had that vision of
him in my head and I loved him and the
the bitch that reminds me of shoe on had
the like gothic kinda chick I love both
of them in Parks and Rec and they they
like made Parks and Rec even a watchable
show to me marry Chris Evans fuck Chris
Pratt and kill Chris Hemsworth I can't
believe I'm killing Chris Hemsworth oh
do I want a kid do I want a fuck for
cents worth yeah I mean I want to do I
want to at be the PERT do you know what
I mean shut up fuck you whatever moving
on moving on miss heissen says hmm Mark
Wahlberg Ian Somerhalder and Johnny
Knoxville good one yeah love you boo
love you too baby girl
mm I hate johnny Knoxville so we're just
gonna kill him off immediately I was a
big fan of Mark Wahlberg when I was
younger he was one of the first people
who turned me on to muscles I saw him in
the
Calvin Klein Calvin Klein thing and I
was like that's how I felt so yeah hot
but Ian Somerhalder as a fucking vampire
also he's a vegan and supports a lot of
animal things which does help in the
marriage department so we're going to
marry Ian fuck mark and kill johnny
Knoxville because I don't like johnny
Knoxville this one's a good one Zink one
A two so Ben Affleck Shao Kahn and
Eminem by the way I love you Hannah
Thank You Hannah I also love you too
that was a bad wink my window is awful
well obviously we're going to marry Shao
Kahn we're gonna fuck Ben Affleck in
we're to kill Eminem I liked Eminem a
lot if you saw my video on masturbating
to mmm I've always wanted to have sex
with Eminem but in this lineup sorry bro
so King Jagger 99 says the amazing
atheist Alpha Omega sin I don't know who
that is and Dan Avedon from game grumps
I don't know who that is
so Alpha Omega sin and Dan avidan Alpha
Omega sin not son bitch alright what it
was a Dan eviden none of these people
are my type alright so contrary to what
people might think I think would be kind
of interesting to have sex with the
amazing atheist in this lineup because
of how small his penis is like if you
guys don't know it's actually a micro
penis I'm not being a size Queen and
this it's like that or something and I
don't even know how that would work
so whatever let's go with that I don't
like the Dan Avedon would be the guy
that I marry but he's not my type and
then what was the name of the other guy
Alpha Omega sin he kind of looks like a
girl like I'm he's very small has very
feminine features but then has like a
manly ass beard and shit it's not my
thing so we're going to kill him also I
feel like the amazing atheist okay so if
you guys don't know he is one of the
first people I ever subscribed to and I
really enjoy his content despite not
knowing if we would like each other in
real life and the only time we even
talked was just slightly on the drunken
peasants but yeah I think that you
should create a continue to create his
content so we're not going to kill him
off okay this is a good one Jen Selter
Jay Yana
Fabro and Johanna Shari Jay Yana fabro I
don't know who the last two are but I
just want to fuck Jen Selter so we're
gonna do that
Jay Yana Fabro images
oh my god not my thing alright uh Joanna
Shari Joanna
Shari all right so we're gonna fuck
Joanna Shari we're gonna marry the shit
at a Jen Selter because woo girl that
ass and that body so sick see this is
what like society likes right now and
that's completely fine if you like this
or if you are this and you're happy
about this but this is just not my thing
I don't like gigantic asses and stuff
like that and I find it unattractive I
don't know it's just not hot all right
Jared Lowe says Donald Trump tart from
League Legends or Hannibal we're going
to go with the Hannibal from the weird
series the weird TV series and I'll put
it up on the screen so you guys will
know who I'm talking about um so we're
gonna marry Hannibal we're gonna know
the new Tariq we're gonna marry Tariq
we're gonna fuck Hannibal and we're
gonna kill Donald Trump that's just easy
like to fuckable people and then one
just like a pourraient thing you know
tom 92 II says a Wonder Woman Harley
Quinn and Catwoman we're gonna marry
fucking Harley Quinn we're gonna fuck
Catwoman we're gonna kill Wonder Woman a
Wonder Woman to me has always been the
poster child for feminism the poster
child for you know whatever the fuck and
I think the outfit can look really sexy
on people but to me what she stands for
and what she usually is just isn't
really my thing it's like Xena Warrior
Princess like I really like that that
exists but it's not my thing and Harley
Quinn I'm so sexy starts off being a
fucking psychiatrist then falls in love
with a crazy guy and just like
completely submissive to him it's
amazing that's like my ideal so I love
her alright Scarlett Johansson the rock
and duke nukem says Branden Dawson 1998
Scarlett Johansson sorry you're getting
killed Duke Nukem gonna marry and the
rock gonna fuck that's just really easy
I'm not a huge fan of Scarlett Johansson
I find her to be extremely overrated um
Pat PJ says me Jay and Bulma fuck Bulma
marry Jay kill you and bye sorry sky
where the hairless cat says Wayne Brady
green arrow George Bush green arrow is
not usually my thing but we're gonna
marry green arrow fuck Wayne Brady and
kill George Bush and I'm assuming we're
talking about George W not like George
see either way it's exact same thing
like I don't care
rubber tongue says Shao Kahn Ben Affleck
Jeff Dunham he's just making it so easy
for me I once got really mad at him
because he is my slave and I can't get
mad at him for having a pin
and because he said he likes Jeff Dunham
and I'm like insert bullet into head
fuck no fucking puppet comedy I'd rather
die so he just like made this an inside
joke we're gonna go with Shao Kahn
marrying a fucking Ben Affleck killing
Jeff Dunham easy all right Tommy Green
31 says charizard blastoise from the
champ holy shit we are going to fuck a
Blastoise because you know he can
fucking blast we're gonna marry Machamp
because that's the most you know it
looks like an ideal man to me right like
fuck what and we're gonna kill Charizard
because that would probably be a feat of
strength yeah and the guy under him says
duh fuck it's okay Tommy green I like
you being different and last but not
least Nicholas Kern says em shadows Brad
Pitt or Tom syndicate brat spits Brad
you're such a brat marry em shadows fuck
Tom syndicate and kill Brad Pitt never
been a brad pitt fan and the other two
are like whatever just like whatever
guys just like kind of plain em shadows
kinda has like a decent face so it's
alright oh there's one underneath it's
pretty good too
stealer Wayne says she'll con Captain
America your roommate J that's really
easy marry my roommate fuck Shao Kahn
it's the only person that can make Shao
Kahn go down a rung and then kill
Captain America sorry cap I love you but
just no all right right right right
right
one more one more Gerard Butler Benji
James which is the person who asked me
he also has a YouTube channel he's
really cool he actually made his hair
shit Tara says for me once so you should
check him out I'll post a link in the
description and Xena Warrior Princess
Lucy Lawless I Love Lucy Lawless and
fucking Spartacus I think she's great
and I think what Xena Warrior Princess
stands for is fine but it's not really
my thing so we're gonna kill her off
fuck Gerard Butler and marry you Benjy
because you're cuter than Gerard Butler
but Gerard Butler can be cool at times
and that's it does that SEC is that good
maybe we'll do this again if you guys
can be inventive enough to make a whole
nother list of ones that I can do I love
you that so much I hope you enjoyed this
video I hope you enjoyed my candid
responses I was being like 100% honest
and actually analytical about this and I
thought it was kind of fun so yeah like
the video subscribe to the channel if
you enjoy the content if you have
anything that you would like me to do
any kind of challenges are like fun
things but not like the like
stereotypical like stupid shit that's
like really popular
just like something that you would like
me to talk about please leave it in the
description and let me know and I'll you
know try to you know do that for you and
appease you I love you guys thank you so
much I will see you in the next video
bye bye whoa boom sweat holy crap
