hey guys welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says this is a fan-made series
and today's episode is made by 3x gaming
that's thr33 x gaming on youtube he
makes a bunch of really amazing gaming
videos and he's starting to be more
consistent now so I would appreciate if
you went over and supported him he's
also a really good friend of mine and
he's been feeling a little down on
himself and his content lately thinking
that like my shit Tara says videos that
he makes or his own content might not be
good enough so if you could post the
positive comment about things that he's
doing right and if you enjoyed the video
I would appreciate that all of his links
are down in the description if you want
to follow him on YouTube Instagram
support him on patreon all that will be
there and if you guys want to make
yourself a shit Tara says for a little
bit of publicity for your own channel go
ahead and make one I would love to
feature it anyway today's episode is
hilarious it made me laugh multiple
times which is kind of narcissistic but
I don't give a fuck because it is so
good so stick around if you want to
watch me do the cringe eous thing
possible which is sing or if you just
want to see generally ridiculous things
that I've said and sorry about the
lighting I'm experimenting with things
on Tuesday i'm going to be having the
fuck marry kill up which is hilarious
i'm just not done editing yet it's
taking a lot of editing work you guys
would know if you were watching me edit
it live on twitch so yeah that'll be up
on tuesday and it'll be hilarious i hope
you guys near the content let's roll the
OB footage
it's true why
Oh
dripping hey sis
this episode of shit Tara says was film
lot from studio audience
Oh
Charlie him
No
okay hey guys and welcome to a new
episode of everything I say could be in
Dothraki and you would agree with it
because I have big titties initiate to
become bespectacled
oh yeah I was doing a video that's right
let's do this how many boyfriend did she
have billions also hell yeah people need
to recognize indie games more some
amazing shit has come out of that law
Binding of Isaac how many fucking flies
oh my god motherfuck to this place fuck
me bitch fuck man what oh my gods lost
she tries to chase the shit out of you
because she likes you or some shit she's
like ugly and gross and disfigured
you're like no bitch I don't want your
pussy she's like bitch but I fucking
want to fuck you so bad and you're like
yeah oh my god you're so disgusting
you've got like so many diseases do you
guys think I can beat it the game not
your dicks she want bitch take this
Isaac dick yeah I take it too long to
die has anyone ever said that to like
their grandparents like if I can take
you too long to die just die now back to
the funny ones I'm sure it's gonna
impale thank God I don't care what some
fucking dumb blah cries this is
literally a summation of the entire
comment section full of hate on any
attractive girl speed anywhere letting
that self-hate show I like that comment
oh god these are great what a complete
waste of six minutes of my life she said
nothing only redeeming value are her
tits only redeeming value are her tits
post in the comments if you realize how
bad that grammar is if she didn't expose
duh she'd have 0 followers best to just
turn off the column turning off the
column is how you progress in a lot of
God of War tied puzzles
oh my gosh I'm done playing give me a
save point a set down
give me that so Annette on ebay and
there's another one what a moron she
says nothing of value why would anyone
listen to this drivel he knows the word
drivel gold star for him when she opens
her mouth she ruins everything turn the
volume down if she didn't pile on the
makeup to look hot she'd had 0followers
idiot it's like at the end there he
realizes how stupid he is and then says
idiot to himself also I thought it was
the boobs not the makeup that made me
have followers no he actually posts this
same idea but differently on many of my
videos so he's actually sitting there
retyping it not copy pasting I admire
your dedication to hate such a healthy
psychological state you must be in if so
haha
these vids aren't fun to watch anymore
nothing inserting for me at least
nothing's inserting into you while
you're watching my videos lots of things
insert on redtube also I would be happy
to insert something into you you know if
that would make my content better for
you challenge accepted I'm excited I
didn't think you'd be so big he's so
asian British do you see how like if
they weren't Asian themselves this would
be an extremely racist fucking character
but I love him anyway even when he jumps
out of the water and fucks me in the ass
I still love him this is really cute
does she talk what the hell are you guys
hearing this book she's insane like a
psycho thank you not the creepiest thing
I've ever done Oh slit it like I'd slit
your fool almost died there look how big
it is look how big it is jeez next we've
got a little box with something I
probably shouldn't be shaking inside but
fuck it I swear to God but fuckit just I
can't say those words and not think of
something extremely naughty which is you
know but fucking obviously
every time people tell me I have a sexy
voice I'm like fuck you you liar ah if
you watched some of my videos from like
2013 I was faking like a really cutesy
voice because I've always wanted to have
a girly voice but then I kind of just
fell in love with my voice because I
think it makes me sound smarter although
I do sometimes wish I was chowder like
this no next I'm an avid collector of
stuffed animals this whole closet that
you can see behind me is actually full
of stuffed animals that I absolutely
love
hey guys so as you might have noticed we
hit 10k subscribers on my vlog channel
by callate
Oh
Oh
I'm gonna I'm gonna just allow this to
happen even though the house was just
cleaned I'm gonna allow this and we're
gonna do this yay wanna see my tits OB
with it look at me bouncing what should
I put it on let's put it on
who is strange
come next
are you
it's like literally perfect
sounds your sleeve
this is amazing Luke I am your mistress
the remix pack because i love Archer
games like anal person later good luck
yeah like the styling we do anal yeah no
I'm like oh my
it's always always best away oh my god I
wanted to be a singer and an actress
until I grew up and kind of realized
that I was really bad at it like a
virgin hey touched for the very first
time like a bun gym when your heartbeat
next to mine never do that again this is
a whole new world why you little shit
you're in it now I've got to throw away
the key you should have talked to me
more often than you did now you had to
go your own way have you broken any
homes up lately just five minutes worm
your honor him and me alone raindrops
keep falling on my head box is the
beautiful fruit the more you eat the
more you toot did you ever know that
you're my hero and everything I would
like to be I can fly higher than an
eagle cuz you are the wind beneath my
wings
I I myself me
okay you now know I can't like handle
any more of the torture i can't help
searching you guys anymore so next time
you guys think that i can say just just
don't say it
let me
Oh
I
chhota rajan caucus edition dobro sam ET
dobro le hochu da push it for your
clothes da na dito all right no no no no
no he must really key to pave yaad na ma
