hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of Friday night mail I love you guys so
fucking much so much so that I'm gonna
do something really random and do the
most random giveaway possible you can
actually thank Jay for this because he
bought this protective battery case for
the iPhone 6 or 6s and we both have 6s
plus so yeah if you guys have I phone 6
or 6s this is a battery case where you
can like actually have extra juice on
the back of your phone and then you just
turn it on and it actually charge your
phone up again so it's like two full
charges of your phone which will be
great for Pokemon go I actually like
walk around with a battery pack I'm
sorry this is such a limited giveaway
this is like a spur of the moment but
instead of returning it I might as well
just give it away to you guys it's just
as much hassle except for I'm actually
giving you guys a gift so the giveaway
link will be in the description and I
will post Jays Instagram as one of the
things you have to follow in order to
get an entry so that you can go ahead
and thank him moving on I don't know if
you remember two weeks ago and I'm so
sorry I didn't bring this up last week
but I know that Keith and some other
people bought me at some posters and if
you guys don't remember I was having a
hard time getting the posters out of the
little thing that they came in because
the company just completely like jammed
them in there so I told you guys I would
have J take them out and then we would
look at him in a later fnm and I forgot
last week so we're gonna be looking at
them and I want to thank you guys for
sending me these posters the first one
is it's like women of the Final Fantasy
and it's like super sexy so we've got
Vanille Yuna Lightning and Riku some of
my favorites I kind of wish lightning
with Sarah because I like Sarah a little
bit more and the other poster is the
original Genesis box art of Streets of
Rage holy fucking shit this is amazing I
want to start for my when I move I don't
want to get them right now but I want to
put them on my wish list so that I do
get them before they're sold out so it's
kind of like a semi Tarapur or something
but I want to put these all over my
house when I move I think the retro art
is so fucking sick and I put some of my
favorite games on there so once again
fucking thank you you're decorating my
new house and making it look fucking
awesome alright let's go ahead and unbox
the new stuff you guys are fucking
amazing fucking amazing
you are God all of you you are a God
collectively just so amazing so much
better Nate told me that he was gonna
send this to me it is a gigantic red
fucking Koopa turtle shell look at it oh
my god it even like looks like there's a
void here for like the arms and the neck
thank you mate you are fucking awesome
this is gonna look great somewhere on my
chair I'm actually gonna need to get a
bigger chair to fit all of these awesome
things that you guys are sending me but
oh I wanna use this as a pillow
so soft so sick and I will try not to
kick it cuz it'll eventually come back
to me Japanese imports oh my god it's
like the hardest thing in the world God
why why okay so this is an Umbreon
hoodie from j mood thank you so much J
mood and because I love you so much I'm
willing to put this fleece jacket on
when it's like a hundred degrees in here
in front of my lights by the way I'm
just now trying to actually memorize
like more Pokemon than the first hundred
and fifty one so I know this is an Eevee
evolution oh my god it's way too hot for
this oh I could just hug you thank you
so much J mood you are amazing and the
wonderfulest Everest
I am so cozy I could just die of
heatstroke oh alright
I am totally wearing this to pokey walk
when it gets a little colder thank you I
love nerdy hoodies they're like among my
favorite things I've lost track of my
vagina there it is it's right there and
it's open - that's you guys are gonna
love this alright so Nixie is the one
that bought these for me and you gave me
a hint he said it's something like I'm
sending you an eighth of something that
comes from one oh yeah we've got okay I
actually have to read on this one we've
got sylveon I think this is the fairy
one the fairy evolutions but these are
just adorable look how tiny they are
Clarion it is so fucking cute there's
nothing cuter than these oh my god Lee
God God thank you so much Nick you're
amazing
then we've got I have no idea the
psychic one I'm assuming gonna fix his
little ears clearly she can see they
like the DAAD and the fact that he's
just all purple and shit Vaporeon yeah
if you have any idea where I should
display these let me know cuz oh my god
these are the cutest things that really
could this little tail like seriously
what the fuck this is beyond
any amount of cuteness like there's one
to ten this is like a fucking 25 on a
one to ten scale holy crap I'm assuming
this is the flying one I don't know it
looks kind of like it would be clouded
or cloudy or something I don't know oh
and I believe this one's name is Leafeon
I remember that one cuz it's so
ridiculous I swear the naming
conventions in Pokemon it's like it's
bad but I think it got worse over time
this is the grass type so fucking cool
dude would like it looks like he's got
like butt implants or something Jolteon
oh the fucking cutest oh just like every
detail on these little guys like even to
the pause is just like the cutest
fucking thing ever and last but
definitely not least little Evie oh my
god this is so funny the fucking tail so
cute and like how fluffy and fuzzy the
like neck color thing is I love it so
much thank you so much Nicky er yeah I
want to strangle you to death with hugs
and love can I do that seriously though
I think Flareon is my favorite bike know
which is your favorite which is cutest
Stu you post in the comments all right
we got this from janae my baby girl
janae and it's this fragile on it so
we're gonna you know obviously just be
not careful with it at all because you
know we're bad at that ah she told me
she got me this at the store and I was
like no fucking way this is awesome
Dixie has been one of my favorite
fucking video game characters since I
was really really young I even looks for
like one of those golf hats like a pink
golf hat for myself so I could cause
plays her because when I was younger I
had hair like past my ass and I was a
natural blonde and still I am a natural
blondes up type of thing doesn't change
but anyway I had hair kind of like this
and I wanted to cosplay as her cuz I
thought she was so fucking awesome and
such a better character than Diddy decay
or fucking baby Kong or the fuck his
name is kitty Kong kitty Kong is his
name I hated playing his kitty Kong
we've got a note from janae - hey Babs
it's me today I hope you like your gift
saw and it made me think of you oh I am
so grateful for all the respect trust
and professionalism thank you so much
for giving me the responsibility of
being your mod on twitch and discord
you're amazing
here's a few things that we have in
common we're 90s kids we both love
bettering ourselves retro games gaming
youtubing music beautiful Souls loyalty
and understanding that the crazy bitches
are feminism and that women have more
privilege in the Western world than men
I love of singing badly but wanting to
improve it because of that hidden
potential and hot women and men you know
a few things about me but with your
ability of reading people well tells me
you might know more than I think if you
ever want to know more about each other
let me know if you ever need anything
let me know love you too seriously well
that's all for now but expect more
letters from me lovely yay sincerely
janae I can take it in janae PS can we
be roomies when you move I'll be fun we
could play pokemon go together
here's that poem I wrote for you a few
months ago hashtag team valor hashtag
vag party for the win vag party is
actually a channel on my discord all
right here we go
the most amazing poem I'm ever gonna
read I'm sure roses are red violets are
blue I would like to fuck you your tits
are great even though they're fake your
body is rocking so I'll come a-knockin
let's game and chill and get those kills
nobody could match our skills will
huddle and struggle then snuggle and
cuddle and do it all over again
bye janae Oh God thank you so much baby
girl I love you you're fucking amazing
and thank you for taking on the task of
like policing my discord chat which can
get pretty fucking crazy
you're amazing supportive and I love you
so fucking much not to mention fucking
beautiful and you look great in my merch
you look great in all the pictures I see
of you on Instagram and hopefully we'll
get to catch pokemon together sometime
mmm love you and fucking thank you okay
we've got a box from ghoulish delights
bath shop bringing ghosts into your
bathroom since 1982 my ghoulish Tara
thank you so much for your purchase and
support enjoy bathing in blood whoa oh
my god I think it leaked a little bit
it's like a sample vegan natural and
cruelty-free oh my god I don't know what
this is but it smells so fucking good
and I think this is the bath blood oh my
god
blood bath bath bomb bathe and horror
whose delight bath job this is fucking
cool I totally need to take a bath and
do a vlog while I'm just like looking
like I'm bathing in blood I think that
would be pretty sick and like an asshole
again which I extremely apologize for I
feel like
someone told me they were gonna send me
this I feel like I've a glee remember
reading that while I was waking up one
time and I didn't write it down
so whoever sent this to me you were
fuckin awesome and this is gonna be like
really fun it's gonna be a really fun
video idea now that I'm super hyped
about making a video about it and it
smells really good also ghoulish
delights bath shop that seems like an
interesting place to peruse doesn't it
haha blood never smelled so good I'm
kind of sad that I'm assuming it's not
gonna taste like blood totally not
creepy I need to make like a hashtag
totally not creepy shirt or something
anytime I say totally not creepy I mean
totally creepy and I understand it and
I'm sorry next film which means we get
some nipple titties we're getting some
nipple titties yep
dear Tara are you a siren because I
think my boat is heading towards your
Shore haha sorry bad joke but I couldn't
think of anything else to coat this gift
keep up being awesome and beautiful
sincerely Brandon oh my god am I gonna
be a mermaid is it is it more mermaid
pasties oh yes I'm excited about this
actually because I really like these and
I want to keep these for a special event
but I also want to do like a patreon
video with them so I'm glad I now have
to thank you so much Brandon you are a
badass and thank you Demi for sending me
and these set last week I love you guys
I also kind of liked the joke the joke
is good it's not a bad joke it made me
laugh one of the better Amazon like
notes usually it's just like hey Tara
enjoy your gift from name where's the
fun in that you rock my world Brandon
and my nipples next we've got a package
from Sean black mr. Sean always spoiling
me when he shouldn't be what is this oh
nice
Batman vs. Superman dawn of Justice
Ultimate Edition this is fucking sick
it's in blu-ray of course extended cut
with 30 more minutes oh yes 30 more
minutes of Ben Affleck as Batman
thank you so much Sean this is fucking
awesome now I get to re-watch it and
shit too oh I'm sweating so much you
guys
please just kill me now and resurrect me
when it's colder oh I love it thank you
about 30 more minutes
what is this / we've got a bag and
another bag what an old bag that's just
stuff who cares about stuff all right so
we've got notes on these bags
dear Terra a game to help you let out
your badass urges keep your stick on the
ice and stay cool
sincerely Brandon I had to eat it that
way because it was like I'm a cool dude
like from Greece but cooler I love your
notes Brandon like so good so fucking
good hey far for the three TS
oh holy should I need to get my 3ds back
so I can play these North American
fucking titles because right now I'm
like working off of another lens one and
they are regional Shin Megami Tensei
Nocturne is one of my favorite games of
all time and I haven't played a lot of
the other ones I've obviously played at
least for someone a three and four and a
few of the digital devil saga games I
don't know why that's like hard for me
to say digital devil saga but haven't
played this one Brandon you're fucking
awesome
next bag dear Tara you light up our day
so let a fan help you light up a part of
your world keep up the great work
sincerely Brandon oh that one was sweet
you go from like a joke to like
something that makes me feel like you're
super suave to like something really
sweet and what the fuck is going on with
this there we go I did it I figured it
out not too strong for me oh my other
set of fucking lights to light up my
figures right thank you so much you're
not gonna light up my life
you're gonna light up cool things like
this which I guess in turn does light up
my life so Thank You Brandon you're
amazing beyond that a word that hasn't
been invented yet that fully encompasses
how awesome you are
maybe awesome Fraggle if ik you are also
pretty cool I think Brandon Oh
heat stroke its heat stroke flame to
heat stroke alright another item from
the omnipresent Shan who is a badass
with a big dick not like that primes oh
my god what is this we've got a shirt oh
my god it's a Pink Floyd shirts oh that
is also my favorite band of all time you
are amazing and what else do we have
I'm gonna read it through like my
viewfinder on my computer do not disturb
unless you have money video games candy
bacon pizza more pizza but if I have
more pizza but not pizza oh my god I
really appreciate this this is fucking
awesome I can cut these into fucking
sexy tank tops
are always spoiling me Sean way too much
let's put on the pizza one because that
seems like it's more my size initially
then I'm probably gonna just like
immediately take it off cuz it's like
way too fucking hot
do not disturb unless you have money
video games yeah
I want to change like bacon and money to
like a big dick or nice tits because you
know being a vegetarian the bacon part I
guess they do eat vegan bacon anyway
Thank You Sean mom as always I don't
deserve you
alright I had to get that fucking shirt
off it's so hot you guys like it's awful
yeah I should have brought some water to
this filming maybe I'll get some water
at this package let's do it yeah
maybe it's fucking air conditioning
somehow you're gonna give me like a
magical spell that can just create snow
in my apartment that would be awesome
oh shit hi Tara good luck on your hunt
from Stefan hey yeah we've got it says
evey on it oh my god I want to go
outside today wearing this and people
will be like are you on drugs
how are you wearing a fucking winter hat
a fucking winter hat in 80 degree
weather how am i indeed and then he also
got me this amazing shirt which I put on
my wish list recently oh it's so fucking
cute you guys gotta catch em all gotta
catch em all gotta catch em all it's so
fucking cute we gotta put it on mmm I
really like this shirt we're gonna show
you what it looks like over the top of
my dress god catcha mom coconut I should
do like a photo shoot with this hat on
and nothing else with all of my like 9
Evie and eeveelutions is just like all
over my body covering my naughty bits
how awesome would that be
thumbs up if you want to see an Evie
shoot with barely anything covering my
naughty bits oh man I want to get back
into doing some like really amazing
concept modeling shoots it's gonna be
awesome
how cute do I look I look like a snow
bunny snow bunny I look like someone who
takes black dick you know what I mean
you know what I mean
alright I think I'm getting a bit
delirious because I swear this package
just got heavier from the last time I
touched it we're gonna go ahead and open
I feel like I look like a popular girl
from the 90s like the early 90s like if
I was in high school in the early 90s
how you were looking like Fresh Prince
of bel-air
you know like I'm wearing this thing on
my head just not that Hub but you know
it's cool to do fuck I'm talking about
dear Tara a gift for you because I have
the feeling you will never have enough
Nintendo in your life stay awesome
sincerely Brandon never ever ever enough
Nintendo unless they stop making they're
like big franchises that I love so much
then maybe too much Nintendo the things
stuck in my hair oh it is the Nintendo
monopoly the official Nintendo monopoly
and it also has a 60 minute speed play
rules now 60 minute speed play it's like
so kind of long isn't it the collectable
tokens we have a mushroom a star links
sword samhsa's helmet pickman's rocket
and a gyroid so fucking cute so fucking
cute Nintendo monopoly collector's
edition oh I can't stop looking at it
yes and some of the spots are like Wario
Waluigi there's a block there's a
treasure chest deposit I can't believe
they have the blocks and the
questionmark blocks and then they have a
pipe you have to rent Mario and there's
like Mario money save the Mushroom
Kingdom advance to Mario I love it
you guys are exceptionally exceptional
you guys are stupendous you guys are you
and laterally ginormous Anil prolific
structures of Doom and that is what you
are I just throw together a bunch of
words that you know together mean
nothing because that's true love that is
the true love I feel for you guys thank
you so much for watching I'm sorry if
this video is a little bit late I
recorded it the same day as I have to
now edit it and upload it it's really
hot I planned on doing this yesterday
but I was starting to feel a little bit
sick after doing the videos for that day
so yeah I love you so much don't forget
to check out the giveaway I totally
forgot I was doing a giveaway but I'll
be posting that link in the description
so if you want to sign up if you have an
iPhone 5 or 5s or someone you love does
or just someone you know and someone you
don't like and you want to rig it with a
bomb and then throw it at them or maybe
put like a I do not endorse that by the
way or maybe you can put like a string
on it and just like dangle it in front
of them and then when they grab it you
like pull the string you know like that
back in the day when trolls were
actually funny type of stuff you know
I love you so much thank you and I hope
you have a wonderful fucking weekend I
miss you guys on stream but as soon as
it cools down or as soon as I switch my
schedule I will be back to entertain you
guys live just smile please just like
right now smile for me we want to test
the psychology right now in this video
where if you just continue to smile and
force yourself to smile you will start
to feel happy let's do it I love you
guys bye
by the way Strix I still do have glitter
all over my house
thanks for that
