you look like a guy who can choke so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want what's up ladies
and hash tag me too catalysts your
pieces of fucking shit welcome to a new
episode of Tara Reid's your fucking
comments it's been a while I'm so
excited I think this is my first one in
Vegas yes it's definitely my first one
in Vegas we are in a hat with a hood
over the top responding to the most
ridiculous comments I could find I've
been compiling a bunch of them I
actually have enough for another video
after this one but that will have to
wait a little bit I am so happy you guys
I just want to say thank you so much to
all the people who have been pushing me
to make this video this is my favorite
series and it's nice to hear that even
though the last few didn't get that many
views there are a lot of you who enjoy
it and while I did say it's one of my
favorite series is this I do want to
reiterate that it's my least favorite to
edit and it takes fucking hours in by
hours I don't mean 1 or 2 I mean the 6th
8th so yeah I'm hoping to get this up
tomorrow Wednesday it's not maybe it's
Thursday come dumpster I think he's
calling me a cum dumpster and calling me
dumb at the same time or it's just super
ironic he doesn't know how to spell
dumpster okay so this incredibly
insecure woman says I'm so grounded I'm
so optimistic I'm so rational
you left out conceded as fuck I'll have
you know candy we're it's abital d and
you'll be weird and then actually
interesting I actually have a hard time
knowing when to concede in a magic match
so I don't know where that allegation
has come from proof and not just in this
video in every fucking video slash
picture slash moment I've ever seen you
I respond with I like myself you should
try it but holy shit how can one be
conceited in a moment it's like
literally if I'm going at 30 or 60 FPS
or something every single millisecond in
between you can see the conceitedness
just washing over my face I personally
just think she has a crush on me and
she's got an elementary school way of
dealing with it girl you look hot just
call me what whore this is why I don't
have a girlfriend because they're all
gold dinars fuck you bitch tiny penis I
happen to not be a gold tiger by the way
hard-r that's racist I just happen to be
someone who wants a nice solid page just
kidding
a giant penis obviously unless the gold
of digging for is a gold-plated dildo
I'm not that interested in gold or money
whatever my backdrop you hover don't be
a Google dieter okay I love you this is
her first Harry Reid's comments she does
not act by some brain not bra for fake
boobs first of all if I could buy brains
I would definitely be spending 100 cent
of my money on that but then people who
try to say that all I did was just buy
the brains just like the fake boobs and
therefore not real therefore not as good
your suggestion won't even help me win
your love and affection second of all i
gronic buy some brain not graphic boots
oh man I missed the series you guys
imagine her next to a pig
I mean herself Oh burn I'm so offended
sometimes man the reason I give credence
to these wonderfully intelligent
individuals is because their comments
make me laugh and kind of make me
happier live the nice comments let's be
honest here the shit show makes me happy
it's impressive how serious these people
are I guess that just goes to show how
not conceited I am right a bit I'm gonna
murder this cat you guys can hear that
too I'm looking at the fucking monitor
thing and it's like making noise she
doesn't care she does what she wants
like I taught her
speaking of Eve I don't like black cats
because they're witches disguised as
cats I'm not joking if he was a witch
disguised as a cat I would just love her
10 times more I don't understand I don't
understand where this prejudice comes
from your name is shmaaya
goldberg and look at your face you're
clearly a Jew what if I was like I don't
like Jews they're all gold diapers in
disguise hi Tara if you don't respond
then fuck you in the ass
is that a response am I not gonna get
the ass fucking now bitch blue dye fuck
you ass but is everyone so obsessed with
fucking my ass Tara in TOR next video
show the tits well
I present to you let's hit it what do
you do this bitch today
she knows it's a troll video oh she's
subscribing again I was talking about
how much I wanted this on camera now
she's subscribing again it's so cute if
you guys will follow me on Instagram
Instagram accomplished Harry Babcock I
posted the cutest video of her back
there just subscribing and unsubscribing
to my channel she must really love my
content don't you you like that I like
you're a black woman and what is it
magic witch in disguise don't you what
are you doing moving up is she do boobs
job alright here we go let's endeavour
upon this gem so anyway there is this
stupid girl that looks annoying to me in
school and she's acting all lonely and
sitting all by herself to be cool how is
that cool she knows she knows I know she
knows and gives me the glare the teacher
handed us some paper that we would read
and an idiot who sat close to me said to
hand the annoying brat the paper so I
head through the paper and she gave me a
smile and a thank you this girl sounds
like a nice girl who's like legitimately
lonely what is he on about this is not
high school anymore it's not what it
school what if you just knock down
fucking Eve and besides all I did was
hand you some paper it's not like I went
to China to bring you that paper world
Warcraft so weird that their space space
are some immature girls out there at the
age of 20 plus first of all so you're in
college and you fucking write this
poorly and you have the social skills of
like a turtle with Down syndrome oh my
god anyway the moral of the story is
stop being fake and act as a mature
adult okay so this is literally the
story as I understand it there was a
girl who looks annoying than him because
she sits alone and is lonely so one day
he hands her a paper a gesture that's
not that big of a deal but she still
happens to say thank you he flies off
the handle and murders fucking rage and
tells her to man
because in school when you're 20 plus
you should stop being nice to people I
don't fucking know imagine if this was
turned around like this person would
have gotten a rape charge or something
don't get a boyfriend because they are
just gonna fuck you and use you to shit
and crap people just get Earths
to shit and crap I'm pretty sure every
guy I've ever been with has not handled
on his own I don't know about you guys
but cuz it's better than I thought it
would be another lovely lovely
installment of what the fuck is this
person talking about would you fuck a
hole in a tree horny hiker would you
fuck the exhaust of a car horny driver
slash car lover all the while all these
exclamation points and question marks I
cannot express through my vocalization
of this cuz too much would you fuck the
mailbox horny paper boy would you fuck a
mouse hole horny cat man would you fuck
a Pizza calzone a warranty hungry for
sex and pizza man would you fuck the
shift knob of a car kinda horny
that's what you do when your kind of
party got it good would you fuck a
doorknob would you what what does that
one cold but we're not getting any more
fucking funny names to these what would
you fuck a bedpost knob large-sized
would you fucking cucumber well a lot of
people would say yes to that question
you know Sam would you fucking banana
tropical fruit fucker that sounds racist
for some reason what you fuck an XXL
carrots vegan is fucker would you fuck a
pot of peanut butter pots of peanut
butter okay and here's where it gets
interesting this is the same post by the
way we haven't moved on would you order
dildos and the Robo suck and the female
condom and the rubber fist and the
g-spot stimulator and the large double
dick and the XXL butt plug and the butt
diamond plug and the butt plug balls on
a wire the glass ass dildo with balls
and the condom with round shaped things
on it to get an orgasm more quick space
face and cock rings and viagra and
whatever is needed to turn you on old
another of 5 rating dildos shitting busy
15 fucking animals
as squirting and a man's face red ball
of mouth with bondage stuff spanking
dripping candles pooping complete arm
and ass all the way to the armpit
fucking around threesomes orgy group sex
double penetration triple a before take
someone puts the edible underwear
leather and sex cos a rubber latex sexy
clothing etc etc etc huge farts from the
hole in which you stick your cock bless
licking penis pussy fuck moving on fuck
you ugly shit looking whore and all of
your worthless spectators with shit and
meaningless life spending your time
masturbating on a fucking plastic dumb
doll so I'm getting a theme here this is
like the shit themed terror aides
comments and literally need to make this
like a biweekly fucking video because
this is just amazing
also my spectators love you guys I don't
think you're a shit and meaningless life
spending your time masturbating on a
plastic doll at all Tara is the fact
that you went to college in high school
at the same time the reason you lost
your virginity at a young age if he know
that lost my virginity at a young age he
knows at which age which was 12 in no
way was I in either high school or
college during that time also in no way
does anyone in high school need the help
of also going to college to have a wide
enough range of pussy or penis to get
laid at that time I think that's a
pretty normal time to get laid in high
school when you're ready of course I
know to a lot of you that comment might
have seemed innocuous but it's like one
of those just word vomit I got an idea
and I didn't think it through it all so
I posted a comment kind of comments you
Anna be my girlfriend I love your boobs
I want to see you do the sex with you
you look like a big-titty Khaleesi today
oh thank you except her face is a bit
prettier two thumbs up for honesty not
to toot my own anus with shit coming out
of in fuck plastic doll I like my face
better
but I'm biased let me grab my phone
shout out to the 30th common sir who's
also the 31st and the 33rd commenters
also shout out to son Goku who likes my
work I love you koku but video space
just a little bit prettier loving that
widow's peak you know I'm Sam you look
like a guy who could choke Jay I want to
taste your hairy pussy I
not hairy pussy since I started
developing hair in which case it was
still a slightly only fuzzy pussy but if
you followed my patreon at the $50 tier
you might have seen the closest to hairy
pussy that I get to have my patreon if
you want of course you are boring expect
your tits I do expect them in fact if I
ever did look down or put my hands here
and there were no tits
I would be quite frightened also I think
I'm pretty entertaining I think you will
like www black comm I did a bad job
there I almost like snorted in the
middle I was trying to be sexy okay but
I want to point out that although it
does seem my good advice this comment
was posted on a video about black comm
with a black comm thumbnail and at least
three minutes of me ranting about how
good blacks comments the only way I can
read this comment is in this voice one
second I don't care about this Smasher
pass but please don't make jokes about
the Holocaust I am Jewish and when you
said with a few Jewish boys trying to do
like the cousin Kyle fucking accident
I hate cousin Kyle oh my god oh hey this
kid so much you guys let's fucking
reckon I was like you are a Jewish boy I
would whip and we would end our session
with no sexual gratification on your end
because obviously I only have one Jewish
King and his name is ben shapiro i hate
hoes like this but have 300k subs but
niggas like drew news Bevacqua i'm
already bit Bob Gimlin and other
talented youtubers have less than 12 K
their names are awful they should
probably rebrand also I have 300k
subscribers for a reason maybe they
should just work on their game please
I'd really like to smell your farts and
those nice grey leggings
especially if you do protein shake farts
hopefully black leggings will do those
totally fake by the way I promise
see totally wasn't my asshole
flatulating vibrating air from my rectum
six-inch 14 who wants it Kevin Spacey
and hopefully no one else but another
14-year old you still not attractive you
look so fucking fake and discussing well
one of my favorite things to do is be
discussing so I appreciate that also
fake look super real personality
that's my motto what's on your right
shoulder I got a tetanus shot recently
the band-aid gave me aids band-aids so
good slut whore bitch talking about big
penis they're not important to only 4.5
and just needed slut bitch and don't see
my penis small bitch 3.48 small bitch
suck my cock I'm not gagging at the
thought of your cock that you just
admitted is small because you couldn't
make anyone gag on that tiny cock it's
so funny how he says that 4.5 inches is
needed and then admits that is
Cottingley three point four inches by
your own definition and admission you do
not have what is needed to please a
woman what are you mad about just
fucking admit you have a small cock I'm
gonna buy a nice penis extender from
Adam Eve calm you can use the promo code
Tara to get 50% off almost one item and
free shipping in the US and now in
Canada information in the description
any chance you could try not giving the
mic a fucking blowjob every time you
open your mouth up like a crude angry
cat caught in a distortion chamber oh
shit look its 30th 31st to 33rd
commenter becoming 50th and 51st
commenter congratulations Green MC boss
you are now the most prolific common sir
your makeup doesn't cover how old you
look ugly 49 year old bitch damn you
fucking guessed my age to a teen I guess
I should just stop wearing makeup
I've been revealed oh you are a whore
and you should feel bad and all the bad
things should happen to you did I
mention you're a gross whore fucking
strange cocks won't make up for your
insecurities and some conscious desires
to be loved and wanted
he's right all of the strange cocks I'm
fucking I should stop fucking these
abnormal cocks and go back to the normal
cocks and just admit to myself that my
subconscious wants me to be loved and
wanted and that's the only reason
strange cops turned me on
not even strange cock strange space
space cuffs strange space cocks that's
right and then it came from the same man
of course you're a horrid should feel
bad and all the bad things should happen
to you I think the second post was a bit
more succinct you don't have to add in
all the pseudo psychoanalyze ation it's
like I like you're a whore and should
feel bad and all the bad things that
happen to you to be honest if I were
going to choose a random insult to hurt
someone I don't know on the internet
does guy licking girls asshole is gross
fuck you you you Nazi fuck you you you
not see which one of these today should
I leave in the video I don't even know
this really does epitomize the left of
their inability to come up with an
actual argument so I'm gonna see it as
fuck you you you Nazi have nothing else
to say so I'm just gonna call you like
the worst thing I can think of without
being racist do you like black guys do
you like black guys do you like black
guys one so Bob open began oh all right
I hope you enjoyed this video like the
video and subscribe if you did please do
like the video because it lets me know
whether or not you want this series to
continue I love doing this series but a
lot of people seem to not want to watch
it or don't find it interesting unless
there's like a super clickbait title as
opposed to other series is is is where
I'm like at a minimum of 10 K even if
the titles nothing interesting so please
do let me know vote with your voice here
and let me know what you think I hope
you guys enjoyed I hope you got a laugh
and I hope overall it teaches you that
the shit that people say on the Internet
is of no consequence to you in reality
and you should just let that shouldn't
roll off of you like if
were just dressed in latex and there was
a drop of water that just got on your
arm and just trickled down then
evaporated and became not but molecular
nonsense
have fun guys I'll see you in the next
video protein farts
