hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
sex ed with Tara this week we have a
sponsored video by vacum vacum is one of
the quickest growing sex toy companies
and they were nice enough to send me one
of their vibrators today it came in this
nice little manila envelope so it's
completely discreet a lot of people ask
me when we talk about sex toys and stuff
does it come discreet because I live
with my mom my dad my parents my
roommate and I just don't want people to
know that I'm out there buying a sex toy
actually one of my friends recently told
me about a funny story where apparently
her neighbor got one of her sex toys and
opened it and saw that it was a sex toy
you're not going to have this problem
with this because even after I took it
out of the manila envelope it was still
in this nice discreet grey packaging so
today we're going to be unboxing this
I'm going to be doing a little mini
review where I talk about the different
features of it and I have a giveaway
code you guys can get 11 dollars off of
this purple colored one only the purple
colored one and the link will be in the
description as well as the promo code so
if you want to check it out go ahead and
do it I don't care either way I'm just
trying to give you informed non biased
opinions about sex toys because this is
really fun it's just fun to get new sex
toys you noticing so we're going to open
it up and this is what the box looks
like it has the plastic wrap over it so
you're not going to get any germs in
there and you're gonna make sure ensure
that no one's ever open to this before
on the back it says back on design USA
limited product Emma scary material is
silicone which is really good you never
want to have the jelly ones because the
jelly ones can dissolve and they can
also leave remnants inside your cavities
it actually does you the dimensions and
millimeters and the weight and grams
which i think is kind of cute it also
tells you on the back that it's
waterproof which is really cool because
it's easy to clean and you can take it
in the shower with you which i know some
of you guys do this you guys totally do
this don't lie on the side we've got
powerful vibrations whisper-quiet 100%
waterproof and rechargeable I like the
rechargeable ones but at the same time I
don't have a ton of like USB ports or
like wall outlets for USB chargers of my
sex toys and that's something that kind
of annoyed me about the new one that I
got was that I have to like plug it into
my computer to charge it but then it's
like what am I gonna have like ten sex
toys sticking out of the sides of my
computer it seems kind of weird so as
silly and as retro and counterintuitive
as it sounds I do prefer to just stick
new batteries in there
although I am wholeheartedly in support
of just eradicating batteries and going
with fully rechargeable things
especially triple A batteries who the
fuck has a bunch of triple-a batteries
or like 9-volt
anyway I'm just ranting now on the front
it says become powerful contoured
vibrator and this is the purple version
and this is the carry vibrator alright
so let's go ahead and get it open oh
you'd think with my nails it would be
easier to take off this over up if
you've watched my unboxings on the
gaming channel you know I geek out over
really nice packaging this is really
nice it's mostly matte with this little
shiny area here where the advertisements
are on the back we have a scratch here
to verify the quality it's like a little
spackle scratch and sniff but without
the sniff and did I forget to mention
the contents it actually comes with the
carry of course USB charging cable
warranty card user manual and satins
storage pouch which is good because as
I've said in one of my other videos you
want to keep your sex toys separate
elsewise the ones that are made of
different materials might melt each
other it's a really weird chemical
reaction that I had to find out the hard
way I'll link that video down the
description too if you want to check it
out it's pretty entertaining
anyway the inner box is like this it's
very nice it's like SATCOM me it gives
you the feel of like this is a box of
chocolates or something you know it's
like romantic almost open the top and
there's the carry I've got to say it is
much thinner and smaller than I thought
it would be I thought it would like fill
this whole box we are gonna just pop
this out here like so and it's so it's
so small oh it's adorable
the button right here turns it on and
it's on there's a little light that
shows you that it's on you can make the
vibration faster or really slow for me
personally I prefer slower vibration if
it's actually inside my vagina and I
love it when it has really high
vibration because this is actually meant
to also stimulate your clitoris so you
just like turn it up all the way and
then just rub it on your clitoris and
it'll actually make you cum pretty fast
so if you're having a hard time learning
how to come this stimulates your g-spot
and it can also stimulate your clitoris
which are the two points you want to
focus on if it's hard for you to get off
as a woman I'm actually thinking that
this would be a pretty good prostate
stimulation toy it's got the big head
here that can just like focus on the
prostate it vibrates really hard which
is great and it actually has like a firm
grip so you can hold on to it you're not
going to get it lost anywhere so male or
female anal stimulation as well you hold
the button to turn it off and I'm very
very very glad you guys that I wore this
lipgloss and this dress today because I
am matching as fuck with my new vibrator
all right we'll put it back in there and
then we will pull out this fuzzy part
and take a look at all the stuff that's
under
please pull that out you've got your
product registration card which I'm not
going to show you the back of because
you know mainly because this certifies
the authenticity of my civic own product
and confirms it has been subjected to
the strictest quality control by
registering your product online you will
validate your one-year warranty / 10
year warranty guarantee covering all
manufactured defects and this one has a
1 year warranty so I do like the fact
that it comes with a warranty but I do
like it when some products and I do
agree that it's rare but I like it when
some products actually protect you
against the things that you might do to
it you know like it's rare because a lot
of people could just do really stupid
shit and the manufacturer shouldn't have
to pay for a new one you know but it's
nice that this comes with it never buy
an extra warranty not worth all right so
we have the quick guide now this is just
a quick guide to tell you all the things
you might need to know if you don't want
to read the entire manual or products
guide because there's a lot of stuff in
here a lot of information which is
actually really cool
this is the charging cable now I have
never seen this plug-in in my entire
life but it basically looks like the
tiniest micro penis possible and I find
that kind of hilarious because this is a
sex toy so looking at the carry we're
gonna try to see where this goes to
charge it and it looks like it just goes
in the bottom yeah you like actually
penetrate this thing in order to put the
fucking charging cable and this is
hilarious I love it I love the
underlying sexuality of this fucking
charging cable best part so far are
going back to this we also have the
little case which is very it's very nice
it feels very suede but obviously fake
suede and you can stick it in there and
hide it and the charging cable fits too
which is really nice you can also put
all of your documentation in there too
if you want to these are the warnings
and the controls in depth and this is a
guide for all the products on stock on
net so if you want to check that out all
the links will be in the description and
you will get money off the carry which
gives your clitoris the most love here
are a few of their other products if
you're interested Thank You spa con for
sending me your product alright guys I
am back with the review portion of the
carry buy Stockholm I tried it out last
night and I have to say I'm pleasantly
surprised something I took for granted
when touching this product is that the
fucking silicone is so so soft and
because of that it makes it really
really easy to clean as well there are a
lot of silicone products that are a
little bit more
and then things get like stuck in the
roughness of the product if that makes
any sense and it's not as easy to clean
like for instance I don't like things
that are like this on like a cell phone
case because like my makeup will get
stuck to it it's really hard to clean
and it just kind of gets embedded in
there but that's not the case with this
now let's move on to how it made me feel
last night now um I thought that I
wouldn't like the vibration inside for
the g-spot and it's so intense that I
actually do like it the reason that I
don't usually prefer a lot of vibration
on my toy when I'm using it before I
actually have intercourse with someone
is that it kind of desensitizes my
vagina and makes it kind of numb feeling
but it also makes the inside of my
vagina feel really soft against the
penis so there's like good and bad
reasons to use vibration when you are
masturbating before intercourse but I
don't think a lot of people do that so I
think it's kind of a moot point for most
people I really loved this for clitoral
stimulation like it got me off in like a
few seconds and that was basically what
I used it for I tried it I inserted it
into my vagina to try it a little bit
but I personally think that this is best
as it is stated in the listing for
clitoral stimulation the highest and
fastest vibration was really amazing for
me it got me often like I would say 10
15 seconds and yes I am very easy to
please but at the same time it is just a
really good product there are things
that are too rough or too coarse like
actually start hurting me before it
actually makes me get off or things that
are just like too much vibration to the
point where you're like I can't handle
that anymore it's too sensitive but this
was just like the perfect amount of
vibration at the highest vibration level
some of you might be more sensitive than
I am and you can use like a smaller not
as prominent vibration level overall I
really like this product I will be using
it in my personal life not every time
but sometimes especially if I am on my
period this is really really good it
will get you off without having to
insert anything into you if you have a
tampon in there or whatever else you
would use during your period if you
don't want to get messy I I love this
product I personally recommend it and
even though this is a sponsored video I
would definitely tell you otherwise if I
felt otherwise there are some sex toys
that are just kind of mediocre and fall
behind my favorite dildos and things
like that but
is definitely a simple smaller and just
easy way to get off if you have a hard
time getting off anyway I hope you
enjoyed this unboxing and review if you
want to buy this product and get eleven
dollars off you can check in the
description for the link to the Amazon
listing and the promo code you want to
use it's Tara babka I don't know why
they did that maybe they were just like
oh we can't fit everything let's not
backspace and just use Tara which is
fine by me I hope you enjoyed this
product if you do buy it and I hope you
enjoyed this video love you guys and I
will see you in two weeks with another
sex ed with Tara if you enjoy my content
please like the video and subscribe to
the channel I really appreciate the
support and I appreciate your viewership
bye guys
