hey guys welcome to new video I am super
fucking drunk because I just finished a
drunk stream and today I'm gonna be
checking my privilege on BuzzFeed I
don't usually do with social justice
videos like this but I figured that if I
was gonna do it and if I was gonna check
my privilege that it would it would it
would impose a statement that this is
just highly fuckin superficial and
retarded and I think it would be more
fun to do this video while I am NOT
sober so why don't we fucking go ahead
and do this it's gonna be a hundred
percent honest to my knowledge and I
will explain things that might not be as
obvious so I am white yes as you can see
I am white I have never been
discriminated against because of my skin
color color color and already you can
see that it's I have never I have never
everything so clearly they want you to
choose those if you are not privileged
and not choose those if you are not or
something so already I have this shit
figured out hopefully this is gonna be
entertaining for you guys it's not
anything else but yes I have been
discriminated against my cousin because
of my color a lot of people call me
white girl and shit in high school I
went to a predominantly minority school
where I was actually the minority so yes
I have never been the only person of my
race in a room yeah I can the bubble tea
fucking place I'm always the only white
person I have never been mocked for my
accents I feel like that's probably true
I've never been told I am attractive for
my race definitely black guys who have
said I am a hot white girl or whatever
the fuck I have never been a victim of
violence because of my race I mean not
actually violence but black girls have
said that they want to beat me up I have
never been called a racial slur that's
for sure this is clearly just like oh if
you're black you have a non privileged
existence which is just like obviously
bullshit I've never been told I sound
white oh that's for sure
a stranger is never at well I have never
been wait no people have said I sound
white okay I'm getting confused because
the level of intoxication
a stranger has never asked touch my hair
oh my god people touch my hair all the
time so definitely not
I am heterosexual I am not heterosexual
I have never lied about my sexuality why
the fuck would I lie about my sexuality
I've never lied about my sexuality I've
never had to come out yeah I've never
had to come out when you're bisexual you
don't really have to come out it's kind
of just like something that's cool to
guys or basically whatever the fuck and
a phase to other people I've never
doubted my parents exception acceptance
of my sexuality see they're trying to
put points toward not being privileged
for this question but my parents are
just cool and would accept me for who I
am and that doesn't make me more like I
shouldn't feel bad that my parents are
cool you don't sing I've never been
called a fag while I'm a female so I've
ever been called a dyke I've definitely
been called a dyke which is kind of
weird I guess I had this phase where I
was really into it looking like a rocker
and yeah I was called the Dyke at that
point I've never been called a fairy or
any other derogatory slur from sexuals I
guess not
I've nurtured to hide my sexuality
that's for sure just because I'm very
open with my sexuality I don't know if
you know me just being open makes me
more privileged I'm always comfortable
with PDA with my partner in public fuck
yaks I do what I want I've never
pretended to be just friends with my
significant other that's for sure why
the fuck would I do that
I've never been all just ostracized
we'll get through this we will buy my
religion for my sexual well I don't have
a religion
I am anti theist so yeah we're gonna go
with that I've never been told I would
burn in hell for my sexuality every
fucking day I have I've never been told
that my sexuality is just a phase well
that's for sure i have because being
bisexual that's always the default just
a phase position to have I've never been
violently threatened to because of my
sexuality not because of my sexuality
I'm a man while I am NOT oh my god so
privileged if I were a man so stupid
women have it easier in the dating scene
they're fucking supported and protected
in society we are fragile and we
everyone walks on eggshells around us
when
and just have it so fucking easy I'm
comfortable in the gender I was born as
yeah I mean either gender I would be
comfortable in I still identify as the
gender I was born in oh we're gonna talk
about how unprivileged fucking
transgender people are aren't we I've
never tried to change my gender
I mean I've dressed kind of like a guy
at some point but no I've never tried to
change my gender I've never been denied
an opportunity because of my gender I
mean what if they're like looking for
male models and I applied for a job
where I was a female model this is so
stupid it's like pandering to the lowest
common denominator of idiot fucking SJW
retards I make more money than my
professional can of counterparts of a
different gender generally I mean all of
the biggest fucking youtubers are male
so of course nots I've never felt unsafe
because of my gender well I definitely
have I definitely have because I'm
smaller I'm more petite I'm less strong
I'm an easy target for anything because
I'm so tiny obviously what the fuck I've
never been cat called a definitely been
cat called who the fuck hasn't who the
fuck cares also such a superficial
fucking thing again that we're gonna add
points to my fucking life total really
because I've been cat called because
someone thought I was attractive and
didn't have the common sense that it's
not normal to just fucking burger at
people because you think they're
attractive like really that that lowers
my life quality really I've never been
sexually harassed or I've definitely
been sexually harassed but what the fuck
ever Mervin rapes that's true not
unwillingly I guess you would say I work
in a salary job no I don't my family and
I have never looked below the poverty
line that's for sure because my parents
worked hard and you know fucking gave me
things that I liked you know cuz they're
cool and oh
thank you mom and dad I don't have any
student loans I don't but J does so I
kind of do I've never gone to bed hungry
is I forced myself to go to bed hungry
you know this is unfair fucking like it
should be like I've never gone to bed
hungry because I live in a third-world
country and we can't even afford the
basic necessities to live that's what it
should say I've never been homeless
that's for sure my parents pay some of
my bills they do not oh I need to click
these don't I I've also never okay so my
parents pay all of my bills no I don't
rely on public transportation that's for
sure I buy new clothes at least once a
month how did they know shit I'm sorry
I've never done my taxes myself I do my
taxes all time I've never felt poor I
felt poor I feel like I've worried about
stuff at some point in my life I've
never had to worry about making rent -
that's not true
I've never worked as a waiter barista or
sales person that's true
I've never had an unpaid I've had I have
had an unpaid internship no I haven't
I've had multiple animated I went to
summer camp yeah I've gone to like
Christian summer camp was really fucking
awful as a person as a person who is a
non-believer fucking weird I didn't go
to private school I did graduate high
school I didn't go to an elite college I
didn't graduate college my parents paid
at least some of my intuition or my
intuition might empty glass is signifies
how retarded I sound right now and I'm
sorry if I'm running into my mic I like
every five seconds my lips just
intertwine with my mic fibers and it's
like um I had a car in high school I did
I've never had a roommate I have so
let's just leave that there
my by choice fucking roommates in a
fucking polyamorous relationship we'll
just count that as being so privileged
oh my god are so unprivileged I guess
I've always had cable no cables for
babies it's all about Netflix Netflix I
have not traveled internationally except
for Canada that
and comfortably fucking North America
Reno
none of that I've never done any of that
I've never skipped a meal to save money
yeah I've never done that I don't know
what Sallie Mae is or maybe I do but I
don't know um no I've never spent spring
breaks abroad I have like frequent flyer
accounts but I've never used the miles
my parents are headed was heterosexual
it's true my parents are both alive my
parents never did get married so no oh
my god I'm suing privilege in fact I
feel like I'm more privileged because my
parents didn't adhere to like the social
norms that make people so fucking
retarded if they grow up surrounding
them like you have to have a religion
you have to get married you have to have
kids you have to abide by these social
fucking normal seeds that make you a
good person and a normal person and
that's the most important thing in life
no no no no no my parents taught me that
I can be anything I want so I became a
butterfly um I don't have any physical
disabilities I don't have any social
disabilities no or learning disabilities
I've never had an eating disorder not
really I've never been depressed no I
have considered suicide but I was a
fucking idiots I've never attempted
suicide in any quantifiable way no no
medication from a mental health I can
afford medication but I mean whatever I
have totally been told I'm both
overweight and too skinny that's for
sure I have never felt on overweight or
underweight I feel I feel I felt
underweight or overweight not
underweight but like so I just fixed
that shit like if I feel overweight I
probably am overweight and that means I
need to change something in my life and
that doesn't mean that I have a problem
I've definitely been shamed for my body
type I've I consider myself physically
attractive definitely I can afford a
therapist I mean yeah I've used
prescription drugs recreationally maybe
once or twice I've never had an
addiction I am addicted to food
addicted to certain games things like
I'm definitely addicted to food like in
a way that people would yeah um I've
never been violently threatened for my
religious beliefs people telling me that
I'm gonna burn in hell and they would
kill me in the name of Allah because I'm
an atheist definitely I've never been
violently attacked I've never been a
violently attacked wait so I need to
unclick that one yeah okay so I'm making
sure that I'm doing this right because
as drunk as I am I still want to fucking
do this right there is a place for
worship for my religion in my town I
don't think there's a place for atheists
so yeah I've never lied about my
ethnicity as self-defense I actually
have when I was younger I went to
schools that were mostly minority like
mostly Heinz 57 s and a bunch of
different races and I felt weird because
I was just a white person who had
predominantly like Irish and Welsh and
like a very little Native American and I
felt like I was just like I needed more
ethnicity ethnicity in my life and stuff
and so yeah I've definitely said that I
was more than I was when I was younger
in elementary school or middle school
I've never lied about my religion all my
jobs have been accommodating of my
religious practices I mean youtubing
does not like the fact that you're an
atheist or a Satanist or whatever the
fuck so I would not like that I'm not
nervous in airport security lines that's
for sure I've never heard this statement
you have been randomly I have heard that
statement and I was like wow just cuz
tits what the fuck I've never been
called a terrorist yeah why would I be
called Taris nobody has ever tried to
save me definitely they have I have
never been cyber bullied oh definitely
for any of my identities I don't know
what identities means I mean bisexual
female I died
what atheist I don't know what what I
didn't I guess the shit that you label
yourself as because you're not a cool
person in the first place full of
differences and you want to just be
labeled as like three different things
because you think that is all income
of who you are because you're so boring
I don't know I don't really have
identities but you know for the sake of
this definitely bullied as a child for a
bunch of my identities both nerd and
bisexual and a fucking female a bunch of
things I've never tried to distance
myself that's true because I've always
been non self-conscious never been
self-conscious I've never questioned to
anything that I am why would you
question anything that you are if you
are something you should fucking hold to
it's because and make sure you need I
feel privileged you know what
sure let's check my privileged
fifty-three out of a hundred
you're quite privileged you got half
half out of a hundred you should feel
privileged now the fact that I got 53
out of 100 when I feel like I'm 95 out
of 100 it shows that this is just like a
ridiculous ridiculous that's the new
word it's just it's really ridiculous to
me that this means anything that this
site is clearly inherently trying to
make you feel bad about who you are if
you are at all above like the worst
bullied person in the United States or
elsewhere if you live like a third-world
country maybe you can pass is not
privileged but I just think this is
fucking ridiculous and it perpetuates
the feeling that there's white privilege
that there's you know man privilege and
I really feel like there should be women
an attractive privileged woman and
attractive privilege because I felt that
my entire life like people protected me
people thought I was cool for anything
that I could do because I was female the
only really big thing that happened to
me in my life was just a bunch of hate
on the internet for who I was because I
was a slut or whatever but that's shit
you can just get past immediately with
like you know not being self conscious
and loving yourself and realizing that
your identities are yours I'm using the
word identities because they're using it
here but basically just like who you are
is who you are and you shouldn't embrace
that and life is too short to give a
shit about any of this privilege
bullshit or anything so hopefully my
drunken self has made a good video out
of this but yeah I hope you enjoyed like
the videos
to the channel if you enjoy the seven if
you wanted to do more of this like
commentary on bullshit I can maybe
transition my channel to do this once or
twice a month or something but I find
this interesting this is the type of
stuff that I watched the most commentary
on stupid stupid stupid social justice
warrior people and just like dumb
happening is in the world that are just
retarded so yeah I love you guys so much
and my drunken stupor I will say goodbye
goodbye
