hey guys today we're going to talk about
my first time getting Botox as you guys
know my channel is all about being super
open with who I am what I do and why I
do it and I know a lot of people have a
lot of misconceptions about plastic
surgery and fillers and injectables and
things so if you are a woman who's
looking to get Botox or a man who's
looking to get Botox I know quite a few
men who have actually gotten Botox
there's nothing to be ashamed about
their wrinkles kind of suck or if you
were just a hater who wants to be a
better informed hater because oh my god
I don't know how many times I've heard
people say that I have too much Botox in
my lips well then it's so not a thing
and in fact that's what we're going to
start with that fact right there is what
we're going to start with but um if you
are any type of person who is just
interested in my life or want to know
more about it or you're ignorant to it
so you want to actually stop being
ignorant to it then just keep watching
the video it should be entertaining
because of course it is one of my videos
one of the things that I got done what
the fuck so recently I got a procedure
done where I took a mole off of my face
and I closed this piercing hole here and
at that time I also got my normal
injectables which is just some Jew
demand my lips to kind of plump it up
and make it look the way I feel is
aesthetically pleasing and I also
decided to opt for some preventative
Botox now you might be asking me like
why would i get botox i clearly don't
have wrinkles i'm clearly in my mid-20s
there's no reason for me to be getting
Botox yet and preventative Botox is
something i've been looking into for a
while and i think it's a very smart
decision if you want to do it yourself
now i want to stress in the beginning of
this video i want to make sure i'm
recording ok because i don't want to let
go into this fucking rampage tirade of
talking and then fucking not be
recording so anyway before you get any
kind of cosmetic surgery or literally do
anything in life make sure that it's
what you want to do and what you want to
do only this is my canvas and I will do
with it what I want to but I will never
be pressured from outside sources even
if it's like a boyfriend a friend
Society telling me what I need to look
like I do this for me I do this because
this is my canvas and I feel like it
would be a shame to not improve myself
it makes its fun I Drive pride from it
that I've you know done something and
gotten somewhere it's like I have goals
and I'm reaching toward it and I'm like
gamifying basically my entire appearance
which it just makes me happy it's
something that I enjoy doing I love
myself at every stage
age whether imperfect or as perfect as I
want to be all stages I love myself so
there's no reason for me to be doing it
just because I'm insecure i'm doing it
as like an art canvas type thing and
it's just something that I enjoy doing
and it's just one facet of who I am so
that's why I do it I don't do it because
someone told me to I don't do it for any
other reason and you should never do
anything in life unless you're sure you
want to do it for yourself that includes
something as reversible and as temporary
as injectables or any kind of cosmetic
surgery no matter how crazy or how minor
it might be including just dying your
hair like even if you just want to dye
your hair because your boyfriend thinks
blondes are hotter don't fucking do that
unless you really want to do it and that
is my I feel good sjw statement for the
day aside from that there are a lot of
people who say that Botox can be put
into the lips now let me tell you what
botox is Botox is a muscle relaxer
basically so you put it in certain areas
of the face to make your to relax your
muscles so that you're not creating
certain wrinkles and to also like
lighten like areas where you think you
might be making funny faces that could
eventually turn into wrinkles and that's
what preventative Botox is it's like if
you are making these faces and stuff and
you can see that they're making wrinkles
that might not stay there you can
prevent them by getting Botox early and
then you won't move the muscles as much
therefore not creating the creases and
the wrinkles that you might get later on
in life so you're basically just like
delaying aging and at the same time
something that's really cool about
preventative Botox and I've only done it
once now and I've only had it for like
less than a month so i'm not sure if
this will work for me but it will often
like teach people out of it like doing
certain facial expressions that would
make them later on get wrinkles so if
you do it once or twice or you do it for
a year or two years you might not have
to do it anymore in that specific place
because you're not making those faces
anymore because you've kind of trained
yourself out of doing it because Botox
was not allowing you to do it does that
make any sense so like if i constantly
go like or something and that creates
certain wrinkles and then I have Botox
in my face for like a year that
disallows me to do those things I'll
probably stop trying to do those things
and it kind of subconsciously makes me
stop doing them so i will have less
wrinkles down the road and the same
thing goes for preventative Botox i'm
not doing those things
as I can't because the muscles are
relaxed so I'm not going to have as many
wrinkles why i'm in my 40's and people
say I keep like losing Harris where I'm
like dying or something I'm shedding for
the summer that's what's going on
because it is really hot in here anyway
a lot of people say that it can you know
take 10 or 5 years off of you down the
line because you haven't been creating
these wrinkles that you would normally
create now this is not meant to freeze
your face and you should never ever in
my opinion at least get Botox at like a
place that isn't a doctor like there are
so many like beauty bars and things and
like you can even get it done at your
nail salons sometimes or like I know I
went to gene juarez once expensive as
fuck fucking hair touch-up oh my god
like all I do is get my roots touched up
and a little like trim off the ends I
don't even like layer my hair and that
cost me like 250 bucks never doing that
again because it is not worth it is not
any better than the place that I go to
even though the chick was like really
cool and stuff and we bonded it's just
that that's too much money anyway off on
a tangent again of course but they
offered Botox there and I would never
get any kind of injectables not at a
plastic surgeon some people do it at
dermatologists and I think that's fine
because dermatologists no skin they no
wrinkles they know the muscles in your
face that you should and should not
relax and basically the only side effect
the only bad thing that can happen is
you can have an allergic reaction that
gives you welts or you can they can
inject in a wrong place and it can droop
you instead of actually like making you
look more youthful and that can be a bad
thing and that's why I would never do it
if it wasn't at my plastic surgeon who
actually knows what the fuck he's doing
and knows the human anatomy and isn't
just an aesthetician you know what I'm
saying so um I decided to get
preventative Botox because Botox is
relatively cheap especially compared to
lip injectables but oh I didn't finish
my thought about the thing okay so guys
you if you stuck it in your lips it
would not plump your lips it would
probably make you look like you have a
stroke so for those of you who like to
criticize people who have big lips or
people who get injectables or plastic
surgery in general by saying too much
Botox just because they have big lips
that doesn't make any sense and the word
you're looking for is probably just
injectables or collagen collagen is what
people use to put into their lips until
they realized that the synthetic
versions Eve last longer and have less
reactions because a lot of people have
reactions to things that are both
vine derived you know because a lot of
people are you know allergic to cow
stuff so um they went to things like
Juvederm and wrestling so Juvederm and
wrestling are the two things that people
mainly put into their lips you would
never put Botox in your lips the only
reason you would ever put Botox anywhere
near your lips is to lift your smile you
can put it here or you if you smoke a
lot and you have those like vertical
lines from going like this and smoking
that you can have it here and that'll
relax it a little bit but basically if
you wait to get Botox when you actually
have wrinkles you'll have to get filler
as well to fill in the wrinkles and it's
just more expensive and it's just it's
dumb down the line so to start early
that in my opinion sounded like a good
idea now I was not super excited to get
this because I'm more excited about
things that actually change the way that
I look that that's what excites me more
i'm like oh my god improvement but this
is more like making something that is
inevitable happened later and that was
kind of like oh you know it's something
that I'll like down the line but I want
it right now you know I like the the
initial changes right so I wasn't that
excited about it but I wanted to get it
done because I wanted to try it because
I wanted to start on a regimen of
preventative Botox so I go in I get it
done it didn't feel like fucking
anything like I felt nothing there were
three places where he injected like
right here the three different muscles
to make me not like disallowed this
movement because I actually did have an
active set of muscles here when I
scowled I had lines but nothing that was
like staying it was just something that
I could do and now I can't do it but I
can still emote you know like I'm still
accrued and it's awesome it feels so
great now it takes about two to seven
days to actually kick in which is kind
of weird and initially at the injection
spot i had like welt looking things for
literally only 15 minutes it was the
weirdest experience of my life because
when you get injected you don't feel
anything and then immediately you have
these like red welts and then they're
gone within 15 minutes it's usually
anything that happens to your face
whether it's like a zit or you know like
a cold sore it fucking takes like at
least a week to go away at least
overnight right but this was just like
immediately gone and then I didn't feel
anything for I would say about five days
at which point I just I started feeling
like like tight skin but not in like a
bad way like some people might not like
it and I'm
right now that there's a lot of people
that would probably be like oh this is a
horror story and I would never get Botox
again Botox even in its best state is
bad but for me the feeling of like
having just like tighter better skin and
putting on makeup on like this like
perfectly flat amazing canvas was just
like great to me and I love the fact
that like I don't know if you guys know
this but maybe guys I know girls know
this but maybe guys have seen this too
when a girl cakes on her makeup like
crazy which is not something I do but
like even having any makeup on your face
at all when you like amote and stuff
it'll like get into it'll set into the
wrinkles that you create sometimes if
you don't set it correctly and then it
makes you look older so like makeup can
make you look older especially
foundation powders and stuff like that
but with this like I it's so great i
just love it so much i really really
love it and i would recommend it to
anyone i love the way it feels i love
the way it looks I love how like soft my
skin is there and like how tight it
feels and it doesn't feel like it's
constricting my eyebrow movement in a
way that I would care about it just
feels like one I scowl or when I get
surprised I don't have lines and it's
fucking awesome and I love it so much so
I would recommend it to anyone and I
just wanted to share my experience
because I feel like it's important to
talk about my experiences and be open
with you guys and tell you exactly how I
feel if I had a bad experience I would
tell you about that too but um I think
plastic surgery I think improving
yourself is great when someone says like
what do you hate yourself I always want
to respond with do you hate yourself
you're not improving yourself you're not
being the best person that you want to
be the best version of yourself like
people act like I put so much stock in
my personal appearance but for me it's
just a hobby and it's just one aspect
about myself and I like working on my
inner self just as much learning things
talking about things talking about
philosophy with you guys making videos
on that and the people who are saying
that I am superficial are in my opinion
the people that are superficial because
they can't see past the fact that I'm
creating an aesthetic canvas for myself
to see that I'm actually much more than
that if that makes any sense and so I
don't think you should be doing it if
you feel like it's going to boost your
self-esteem a lot of people say that oh
it can boost your self-esteem just to
change a few things but I feel like that
in itself is unhealthy and maybe I'm
just
a little more emotionally detached in
other people or maybe I come at this
from a too logical standpoint but for me
it should only it like it should be of
no consequence to how you feel other
than like yeah that was fun hmm I'm
feeling good today it should never liked
actually take you from a depressed
person to a happy person because a
depressed person is not just sad because
of their appearance they need to like
look deeper and figure out why they're
feeling the way that they do and they
should never do it just because they're
bullied about the way that they look
they should do it because they actually
genuinely want to improve themselves and
just look better and like be a better
version of you and if that's not a hobby
that you have if that's not something
that you enjoy doing don't fucking do it
like go builds like little toy boats or
you know fix on like fix your car so
move your car whatever the fuck that's
like in the same facet to me like
improving my appearance and improving
the way that I look and just like trying
on new makeup and trying new products
and stuff that is it brings me joy and
if there was nobody in the world I would
still put on makeup and do all of these
things just to look in the mirror and be
like that's the Tara that I have worked
toward and it's a very empowering
amazing feeling so i thought i would
share that with you guys and share a
different standpoints i feel like even
the people who talk about plastic
surgery and self-improvement in a
healthy way they are still very in my
eyes unhealthy with it they're still
like freaking out over results and
acting like they need it for those their
self-esteem and acting like it makes
them better as a person on the inside
which it totally does not um so yeah
we're like doing it for their boyfriends
or because someone else suggested it or
doing it because it would help their
career like all of that is just a side
effect to you know you doing something
that makes you happy you know alright
guys i love you i will talk to you in
the next video and i hope you enjoyed my
experience sometimes i just ramble on
and it goes too long like right now it's
13 minutes i'm sorry i talked for 13
minutes about just fucking well like
nothing basically but i love you guys
and also i'm mad at you guys that's so
cool love you MA fight
