hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of Friday night mail I love you so much
you guys are the apples of my eyes you
are these spokes to my anus look it up
if you don't know I'm a proud supporter
of the word spokes usually things from
the urban dictionary I just kind of cast
aside as if it should not be part of my
vocabulary current vernacular is just
not my thing usually but spokes I
embrace wholeheartedly anyway let's get
into this week's episode hopefully it's
gonna be entertaining as entertaining as
I feel right now which is I just feel
like a pile of poop because of how hot
it is but my hair is looking pretty hot
don't you think I can't wait to go on a
poky walk today let's open your packages
hopefully they're Pokemon maybe like a
Lapras alright so this package says on
it because it comes from a different
country Australia so it had to go
through customs it says it's a plush toy
so thanks for spoiling the surprise of
been s but I really appreciate you
sending me this all the way from
Australia a country which has the most
liberal of sexy bitches oh my god no
fucking way oh you're fucking amazing
dude okay there's a letter we have to
read the letter first before I go crazy
oh my god dear Tara I first saw you on
YouTube where you unboxed a hydrolyse
action figure the array of noises you
made was so irritatingly cute that I had
to see more of your content after
further viewing I thought wow this girl
knows her shit and became a fan well
thank you it was so refreshing to see
someone who could easily get away with
being a bimbo instead choose to follow
her passion you're amazing handle on
sexuality and being one of the most
mentally well-rounded people I know of
has made someone who isn't really my
type into one of the most beautiful
people I know of oh I just got like
internal chills I thought there would be
more you know visible but they're not
but thank you so much you're wonderful
my times up makes it hard to see your
streams but I can still be found
enjoying your purring sharply followed
by obscenities about making cho'gath
small again when I saw this item at my
local geek shop I had to get it for you
after all it was the hive mind which
first brought me to you regards Strix
but you can call me Ben
it is a reversing plushie double the fun
I am very aware of this plushie I wanted
to get one I tried to have one of my
friends pick one up for me but then he
didn't and then I try
to buy one on Amazon but by that time
they were like 200 bucks and I can't
believe I know
oh man you didn't have to oh ok so here
is the zergling I'm gonna I'm gonna just
allow this to happen even though the
house was just cleaned I'm gonna allow
this and we're gonna do this this is
this is not I'm glad this is the last
video I'm recording for the day it's not
really it's just a glitter bomb yeah I
hate you why is the receipt in here oh
you didn't have to spend 70 bucks on me
okay Liz we're gonna flip them inside
out to make them a baneling oh I can't
do it why is it so hard to do banelings
cost like just a little gas why is this
so hard maybe it's because I don't have
gas right now
oh there we go there's the rest of the
glitter - OH
starting the baneling is the hardest
part apparently miss I'm mr. Kraft so
much this is the most amazing I've
wanted one of these for so long no you
will not ruin this moment you street
sweeper of doom I'm like sweating out of
my eyeballs this is not ever gonna come
off of me because yeah
we're just gonna you know stick some
more
there we go that's good there we go we
have the banelings bitch baneling burst
I have to go shut the door oh my god you
are amazing Ben you did not to the gate
it's poking my ass you guys it's just
all over there's a leaf oh my god and
we've got like this and the flower
I thought banelings killed marines but
they're really just like peppered them
with glitter Oh
moving on we've got an empty manila
manila envelope
a gift from Stefan Stefan goddammit stop
it
this is what the nipple pasties look
like stop and I will be wearing these in
an upcoming fanservice Friday I am so
sorry that I can't do fanservice Friday
anymore on YouTube but that's why I put
these on my wish list because one of my
favorite patrons he suggested more
nipple pasties because I like them
titties how the fuck do I argue with
that well for you guys we'll just put
them there there we go
now now it looks like my nipples are
really close to the middle but that's
good we're gonna just deal with that
thank you so much Stefan I am sure that
all of my patrons see you now as a God
among men all right we've got another
one what the hell I feel like this is
just gonna be more pasties but I'm
excited about it oh yeah boys girl hi
Tara hope you enjoy your gift I know I
will from Keith Allen faces so we've got
some ex pasties bitch I love that they
come with more than one so like I can
wear these in fanservice Friday and then
wear them to like some event someday
maybe yeah
Thank You Keith you're fucking wonderful
for more reasons than one love you Keith
Oh
let's get this open yeah hi Zara Babcock
enjoy your gift
what the fuck from who from a gift from
blank okay
anonymous I love you thank you for
sending me a happy face emoji fuckin wit
glitter on them which I'm quite sick of
glitter at the moment but this should be
fun
Oh best used as a fan I'm gonna go out
and just these today because it's so
fucking hot alright next thing we got
here is a package ow I just threw it
into my lap when it was open why okay so
one of them is packaged it says hi Tara
enjoy your gift from Stefan case we're
gonna open the packages one first golden
flower pasties oh yeah Stefan you are
spoiling the shit out of me today with
nipple adornments I can now adorn my
nipples and wonderful things let's just
let's just nipple if I my my body we're
gonna nipple find my body we've also got
a bunch of a fucking black heart stars
you need to stop just stop
too many pasties too little bit bulls I
need more nipples let me borrow some
nipples yeah I will reward you
handsomely
by licking this next yay boobs love Demi
Demi you stupid slut look at these
they're so awesome oh I like these ones
the best how is it that a girl who might
not be inherently sexually attracted to
nipples knows to get me the best nipple
Pacey I can be a fucking mermaid Thank
You Demi
you're fucking gorgeous and I love you
can they stop weed eating outside
should I go yell at them as this
glittery goddess that I am let's just go
shut the door I'm feeling too nice to
yell at people right now
alright doors shut so things should be
quieter now I've actually decided that
I'm just gonna track the glitter all
over my house and deal with it next time
vacuuming is necessary like actually
necessary like wow those carpets are
filled with something that's not glitter
too much come oh man alright next we've
got a box oh my god this is cute is this
rubber tongues doing hi LM Tina's house
he was a great gift for you how did you
know I think
everyone knows I love owls actually
people don't know that that's weird I
really love birds and owls chickens and
stuff like that and this is literally
the perfect Cistus thing ever especially
because I'm watching Harry Potter right
now and I'm imagining if I had to pick
my animal for year one it would be an
adorable owl just like this they're so
intelligent birds of prey so sexy and
amazing and so cute I love it good boy
rubber tongue need to put a pasty on
this thing Fox is the beautiful fruit
the more you eat the more you toot boxes
beams wonderful whatever oh my god I got
my present from Houdini and you guys
have to see this okay this is the best
amiibo I own 100% and it is the Jumbo
the fucking Jumbo yarn Yoshi Houdini you
did not have to buy this it's pretty
expensive too because like they're hard
to find I think it's like a special
edition one but it is actually an amiibo
and yeah you can have giant Yoshi
following you around and Yoshi's woolly
world I'm so glad I did not finish that
game yet because now I get to continue
it with fucking giganto Yoshi seriously
like every time you watch me stream you
spoil me it was something you need to
stop I will not mind if you just show up
and don't give me anything like so at
least sometimes right because it makes
me feel bad that you're giving me these
things that make me so happy and all I'm
doing is creating content for you it
seems like there's some kind of
disconnect in the hierarchy of that
relationship you know so just thank you
so much you're amazing oh the longest
kiss ever it's like charging it up like
you charged up an attack and it's more
effective so hopefully that was
effective oh my gold we've got a fat
dick in the bulk pie LMT rubber ducks
rubber don't know what that means box
not open yet all right so there's this
which is like what the fuck why would
they staple this gift bag ah staples out
okay
so we've got a box of rubber ducks oh my
god is it like different rock stars from
the past rubber ducks I think that's
what it is
oh my god not just rock stars got
astronauts or just you know an actual
spaceship and we've got what what is
this like a Han Solo duck or something
is this like a Luke Skywalker duck what
is this we've got
oh is this a Marg duck this is March
we've got a Marg duck we've got the two
two-headed duck and you know 70s
bodybuilder slash porn star duck Oh
angry unibrow green man with pink shirt
duck we've got gangsta duck no this is
in case this is the Riddler it looks
like a gang stuff
no it's like not the Riddler though
because his exclamation point since it a
question marks all right this is penguin
duck obviously which is kind of
hilarious I don't know I don't know I'm
really bad at this they're not perfect
replicas of the pop culture references
that they're supposed to be so I'm not
sure what some of them are oh this is a
clown duck angry unibrow alien duck Oh
cat duck
Catwoman duck look at the tail oh these
are so cute we've got like Herbie the
lovebug duck or something this is like
mr. freeze or something hot rod dunk and
then we also have a large selection it
looks like a wonderful Mario figures
this asshole Yoshi Luigi ba bum Luigi in
a different pose your standard Koopa
Troopa
flying Goomba Daisy Mario yet a third
Luigi oh I didn't shy guys my favorite
I already cosplay a shy guy I feel like
it would be extremely easy to cosplay
just some kind of like hooded red-like
skirt outfit with blue shoes and a mask
and I like masks so I feel like I should
totally do that
we've got Pete if I can get her out
she's so cute these are like pretty
detailed I like it got a running yoshi
toad another Mario another Mario thank
you King oh these are awesome dude I
have no more places for fucking figures
so it's annoying until I move I'm not
gonna have like another bookcase for
them
so for now they're just gonna sit on my
counter and I'm gonna take a picture of
them for Instagram because that's gonna
be fun
thank you so much forever time you're
being a good boy today and I think I
should reward you maybe post in the
comments if you think I should punish
your tongue anyway my favourites are
definitely bullet bill and shy guy which
one's yours
next we have a big box oh my god holy
shit where is the thank-you note for
this I have to know who sent it
hi LMT I figured she would like a big
Yoshi Oh big Yoshi oh my god I've never
I didn't even know I Yoshi this big
existed other than like a custom job or
something oh my god oh my god you guys I
need to put my key stick her away he's
so wonderful he is the best I love him
so much
look at him just look at him just look
just oh my god oh I love it so much the
glitter is poking my boobs but I love it
so much
oh my god almost as good as the fucking
glitter bomb almost not as much but
almost as good cuz what the fuck where I
gonna stick him he used to be like the
prime centerpiece I'm gonna have to
rework everything behind me around this
giant king of all Yoshi's good wherever
tongue good boy okay so miss T Babcock
it says Missa tee Babcock ah why in my
entire 18 years of loving Pokemon and if
you guys watched my Pokemon videos no I
used to call myself Missy I was
self-proclaimed misty Babcock and I
never realized this is right my fucking
name as misty Babcock
it sounds like misty why did I not know
that like what the fuck my name from now
on is Misty's Babcock fuck you anyone
who calls me Tara
a misty Oh oh my god no fucking way ever
possible
oh hi I'm let's see such a cute chick
this is not what I'm oh my god abut this
is a duck I guess it's some duck chick
right like a baby duck like a duck chick
but it is a really really really cute oh
I love it
he knows I love them them Birds I was
taking pictures of ducks at the lake
recently because I think they're so cute
and I saw some baby ducks I thought
turtle it was so awesome it so cute
banelings fucking a chick or chick
fucking a baneling disastrous
consequences could arrive a giant sonic
a giant fucking sonic his legs are
really long I saw how he run so fast
like what the fuck this is amazing super
fucking high quality oh I love it
oh my god thank you so much dude like
seriously this is like the best I'm
actually saying thank you to my slave
who I should just be punishing for no
reason because his gifts his gifts this
fucking week are just beyond the
best-ever
I'm like looking to make sure I didn't
forget anything because often I'm
cleaning up and then I realized there's
a whole nother box I didn't fucking open
you guys are the best Keith's been
fucking rubber tongue oh just everyone
ever like seriously especially
especially Stefan who bought me just
like thousands and thousands of fucking
pasties because the titties and the
titties are good you guys are just
fucking amazing I I wouldn't be anywhere
without you because my fans and my
viewers are the people who make my
content continue because they are the
people who make up the view counts the
commenter count and helped me so much
with everything in my life you guys are
amazing my pasty has slid into my tits
and I didn't even fucking notice it oh
my god you guys are just so fucking
awesome to me thank you so fucking much
like the video subscribe if you enjoy
the content if not please just have a
wonderful day either way just have a
wonderful day you guys are awesome and
you guys deserve the happiest happiness
in life a fly just flew in the middle of
my video in the middle of my sentence
rude anyway yes you guys are just yes
just yes also Thank You Houdini for the
giant fucking yarn Yoshi which is more
expensive I'm sure than this Yoshi
so
thank you you guys just thank you thank
you like have I said thank you yet I'm
not sure let's go ahead and have a
plushie party plushie party oh yeah
