hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Tara treats comments now today as
promised this is gonna be an all
positive comments video but I want to
explain to you guys why I usually focus
on the negative when it comes to terror
reads comments because I have seen a lot
of people a lot of people who support me
saying that they don't like the fact
that it's always focusing on the
negative and I don't give enough
spotlight to the positive or the people
who actually do support me I'm sorry I
just like choked in the middle of my
talking it was really weird the reason
why I always focus on the negative and
not necessarily the reason why I don't
focus on the positive because there's a
separate totally separate reason for
that is because I am extremely good at
handling it and I feel like it can be an
inspiration to people who aren't that
good at handling it it might seem like
to you if you're a more rational person
or if you've thought about this a lot or
you had to endure it and get over it
that it's just obvious that people who
hate online are you know just irrelevant
to you and it shouldn't matter what
people say about you but there are still
and I think it's still a majority of
people who can't deal with hate comments
and who have a hard time with it and who
feel bullied and you don't have to be
like a big huge personality online with
a huge following to get hate it could be
just like you're a small channel or
you're just a person on Facebook posting
pictures and people hate on you our
society today is so open and you know
nothing is really private because of the
internet and how people post things to
the Internet and whether or not you
privatize things they could still become
public and I think it's important to
teach people what haters really are why
haters do the things they do and that
you can handle it with ease and it
shouldn't matter to you and it shouldn't
bother you and you can still be a
confident person even if you have all
the people in the world hating you as
long as you love yourself and that's
like something that I've tried to show
you guys and tried to portray to you
guys but it's not and entirely just like
oh I'm such a good person thing which
you guys know I hate the virtue of
signaling and all that people say like
you're feeding the trolls first of all
I'm not feeding trolls trolls are much
different than haters in that trolls
don't really necessarily believe what
they're saying they're just trying to
get a rise out of someone and they're
trying to be funny
either to themselves or their friends
and I like a good troll if a troll is
funny that's great I will put them in
Tara Reid's comments I will make fun of
them back and it will be like a fun
thing where I don't hold a grudge
against them but
eight haters they are people who are
unsuccessful themselves they're unhappy
with themselves there's a reason why
they decide to spend their free time on
someone's channel that they hate posting
negative comments and all around just
bringing about negativity those people
just like are not in a good place in
their lives and the reason that they're
hating on you is not because of you it's
because of them I hate a lot of people I
don't like a lot of content creators but
you will never see me in their comments
section I think it's fun and funny to
make fun of people who and bring to
light people in their worst moments who
are just being assholes to other people
and it's not like giving them publicity
or giving them you know some kind of
avenue to show off their awesomeness
it's like showing people at their worst
and holding people to their actions
because people feel like they're behind
a screen so they can say whatever the
fuck they want and not get torn down and
not have it affect them and you know
that's basically the opposite in Tara
Reid's comments as to why I focus on
grammar a lot I am a grammar nazi it
bothers me and you know it makes me feel
bad for society intellectually when your
mother tongue is English and you don't
know they are there to to and stuff like
that I started this series because I
loved what's-his-face jacksFilms is a
fucking your grammar sucks I think
that's what it's called
I loved that serious so I started this
because I wanted to reply to hate
comments and because I wanted to do a
little bit of comedy and this is like my
comedic outlet now the reason I don't
just make it all about like comments
loving me is because like think about it
you guys want your comment to be shown
you're like positive comment to be shown
right you want shoutouts for your
positive comments but imagine what that
is like from a content creators
perspective and from my perspective and
from an actual viewers perspective you
only get there's only like 20 comments
that I can fit in a video right and it's
probably gonna be less today because I'm
talking so much oh my god I would just
be basically just jerking myself off
with nice ego filling comments if that's
all I didn't it wouldn't be fun for you
guys unless you did get featured in the
video but that's like 20 people out of
the like thousands and thousands of
comments I get a month so it's like
not that likely that you're gonna get a
shout out and then the shout out lasts
for two seconds but it's not an
entertaining video overall because all
I'm doing is telling people how great
you guys think I am you know and it's
just it's not comedy it's not
entertaining for other people it's not
you know less shredded waters it's
basically just me jerking myself off and
that's why I don't do it so today I'm
gonna try not to jerk myself off that
much we are just gonna read some good
comments from people and try to respond
to them so JD Williams says you are
awesome fucking chick you know that
Thank You Jada
but it's an awesome just a kind kind
kind suggestion Aidan be high 14 says
love her pokemon hat she is the perfect
girl sexy has a great personality and
she loves games and there's AI got heart
smiley face thank you so much Aidan I
also saw you say something recently like
today responding to someone who said
something stupid about hating the
comments section because it's morning 12
year old I like what you responded with
it was funny it was cum trollee so
thought I would show that off alejandra
now says boobs and butt Wow
I know right and butt Wow okay so Nick
Estrada says Tara I would like to thank
you for playing this game this game
brings back memories of when I was
younger playing this game I am 24 now
but this was one of the first games that
got me in the gaming along with Super
Mario World I played this game at the
Boys and Girls Club after-school program
every day when I got the chance to you
and jr. entertaining to watch playing
this and it brings back memories having
fun with my friends in a simpler time
and all thank you for doing this and
very much appreciated and also thank you
are a beautiful woman and intelligent
human being I wish the best for you and
hope to get to meet you one day in
person keep recording videos being
awesome as fuck and keep her don't give
a fuck attitude about people who talk
shit about you yeah that's something
that encompasses my personality that's
something that is a trait of mine and I
like to show you guys that I like to
show you guys that you can be that way
as well and to go at it from a logical
perspective in my other videos like I do
a lot of videos and a lot of things to
try to thank you guys and I feel like
just jerking myself off in a video where
you guys tell me how pretty I am just
doesn't make any sense
also this was a comment on my most
recent Donkey Kong Country 2 let's play
I really appreciate that because a lot
of people hate the video I don't know if
it's because I'm just with a guy and
people get territorial or if people just
don't like retro games anymore but it
really breaks my heart that the things I
would love to record the most which are
the gaming videos especially the like
indie games and the retro
and stuff a lot of people just don't
like or for some reason actually
blatantly hate on so it's really nice to
see that someone actually appreciates it
Thank You Kathleen Ramos says Oh best
video ever video games and makeup make
me so happy
you're the best Terra in this series is
awesome keep it up love you love you too
girl
I'm so glad that you guys are liking my
fucking favorite series I am enjoying
making it and I like that it's so
diverse in the things that I talk about
because it's just like all of my
different things that I like and my
different hobbies and stuff all together
in one video and I get to talk about
things I love for that month so it's
pretty cool and I'm glad you guys are
enjoying it
army monks said I fucking love this
series well I pretty much love all your
vids now I promised myself I was gonna
remember what video he's talking about
instead of actually taking a picture of
the videos like thumbnail that's next to
it and then editing it out later because
that would cause more editing work if
that makes any sense at all it's
probably to rush to you guys but then I
forgot what fucking series he's talking
about but since he does follow up with I
pretty much love all your videos thank
you so much army monks I appreciate that
especially on whatever series you were
commenting on
Bellucci 2014 says Tara I'm a male and I
really think that most of the things you
say are actually sensible stuff I do
however disagree on the matter of you
saying that it's easier to be a woman I
often think oh shit thank god I'm a guy
just think of all the guys watching this
video who judge you because you dress
slutty and talk about taboo topics so
many call you a slut and a whore just
because of what you wear many men want
to fuck you but my god not date or marry
you that's so strange I think why do
people judge women for what they wear
and not what they say anyone male or
female should be able to do and say and
wear whatever they want to as long as it
does not harm or hurt another just my
five cents I agree with everything that
you said in the last fucking paragraph
but I do not believe that women have it
harder I think the things that you're
talking about do exist
I think people being sexist people
talking about how my look is a
representation of Who I am on the inside
or people just immediately calling me a
slut because they see someone who cares
about their appearance or it likes to
show off their body or talks about
sexual topics I think all that
definitely does exist and it is a
problem but it's such a minut problem
compared to all of the other problems
that men have to face I feel like women
get a lot of people making snarky
remarks things that you can just like
brush off because who gives a shit about
people's words but men have
actions taken on them if that makes any
sense like men have more crimes
inflicted upon them more murders they
even can be raped just like people think
they can't and then they're like kind of
shamed for being raped themselves
they're expected to be a million
different things that sexy boyfriend
material husband material they get
shamed for being a fuck-boy like there
are a million things that people
actually shame men about as well like
men are called faggots if you put
yourself out on the internet you're
gonna have people saying things about
you that are tailored toward your
appearance or whatever random
superficial things that people see about
you first
but I honestly believe that if it's not
equal it's definitely in favor of women
having a better life the only problem
that I've ever had in my entire life was
people just saying bad things about me
which you can just shrug off people
don't do violence against me as much I'm
protected in society women are far more
protected in society both physically and
people walk on eggshells around you
people recognize my ability is more just
because I have a pretty face attached to
it like whoa she's actually really smart
whoa she's actually in the games it's
much easier for me to get an initial
following if I want to be an entertainer
there are so many things that make it
easier for women and I could make a
whole video about this but I just wanted
to respond to that a little bit because
I do believe that this was a positive
comment and I like having back-and-forth
conversations with you guys so thank you
so much Belushi I really do want you
guys to post things if you disagree with
me and we can have an open conversation
I'll sometimes reply to the comments if
I have the time or I'll do stuff like
this hopefully I'm not going over my
time limit right now but I want to get
through all of these my favorite
apostrophe s are that perfect face and
titty apostrophe s so thank you so much
base man 1 2 3 who also has anal bleach
some kind of anal bleaching as a picture
I appreciate that but please try to
learn the difference between plurals and
possessives so when you do the
apostrophe you're basically saying
belongs to so Tara's like Tara's titties
would have an apostrophe but titties
would not because it's just like more
than one titty hope that helps I
couldn't resist some grammar stuff ex
funky one zero one one ex says I
couldn't possibly look up to you more
Tara the amount of fucks used in those
makeup reviews made my day
keep being sexiest fuck love one of your
new female viewers fucking welcome I
new female viewers because it's such a
fucking minority I really cherish each
of you guys who have decided to not be
catty and decided to not be jealous and
weird and have animosity towards me
because I might be different than you or
because I'm the same as you I just
decided to be fucking awesome as fuck so
thank you so much also I like the fact
that you liked the amount of fucks that
I said in the review I also saw some
other guys saying that he hates the fact
that I'm using fuck so often and then I
need to calm down like are you new to my
fucking channel bro seriously you have a
punky are awesome Thank You Tiago Tiago
says I think some people disable it
because they feel guilty benefiting from
tragedy and for others it's more of a
gesture of respect like taking off your
hat having a minute of silence skipping
the humorous bits etc yeah that's
definitely what's going on with the
people who aren't trying to virtual
signal and are basically just coming
from a really good place but I don't
like that I feel that it's fake it's a
gesture basically what you said it's a
it's a gesture that actually means
nothing and instead of partaking in
gestures that mean nothing or things
like pray for blah blah blah and not
monetizing videos how about you monetize
the video and then actually give all the
proceeds to the charity or whatever
actually making a difference and
actually being a good person far
outweighs all of the gestures and
bullshit that you could possibly like
pretend to do in order to make yourself
with a good person and I really feel
like it's censorship to not allow
humorous bits just because something
sensitive happens if anything at least
for me humor makes a bad situation
better
I love comedians who aren't afraid to
make fun of things that just happened or
make fun of certain demographics because
it's just a fucking joke intent is all
that matters and who you are on the
inside should not only be reflected by
the dumb little like insignificant
gestures that are super superficial that
you make just to make yourself look
better so people like you hopefully that
makes sense
Davee dead tadesco says thanks to exists
and then a kissy face thanks you too
exists as well alright we got a comment
from Teresa Butler who is a friend from
high school we didn't really get to be
good friends until later until like now
now we have each other's phone numbers
and stuff but I saw her around and I had
no idea how fucking amazing she was
until recently so let's just read this
comment lol I love how you're super into
mental and masculinity and badassery but
then come to find out you're also super
into the most cutesy stuff ever like
Pixar movies you make
with all of my various tastes and
eclectic likes and dislikes feel not so
alone in this world looking forward to
next month's faves already once again so
glad that everyone's loving the
favorites videos yeah I feel like I'm a
very multifaceted varied person very
varied ha when it comes to what I like
it when I dislike and why and in which
circumstances that's one of the reasons
why I don't like labels as well because
I can't be put into just one label yeah
I might have certain characteristics of
an atheist or certain characteristics of
a vegan but I am NOT a vegan or an
atheist with all that entails you know
what I'm saying and I think the strong
overtones of masculinity and a man can
definitely be helped with undertones of
sensitivity like I love it when a hot
buff guy does something kind of ditzy or
something kind of cute
I definitely love cute things just as
violently as I love that violent things
like dick slapped onto my face
Inferno reflex said I bought this war of
mine a while back but haven't touched it
yet now I can't wait to play it it was
it just because I said that I really
loved it in my fucking favorites and I
gave a little description of it
it was so fucking good oh my god I'm not
even done with my first playthrough but
it definitely has replayability which I
just realized recently because I did
have to look up something so I wanted to
know if carrying a gun in that game
would make people who might attack me
with a knife like run away instead of
actually trying to attack me because I
was trying not to kill anyone it's just
whatever it's a really fucking good game
you guys should check it out and I'm
really glad that I could refer someone
to something and they actually want to
play it that's amazing thank you inferno
and now that I've got to a selfie I know
I am done thank you so much for watching
like the video subscribe to the channel
and I hope you guys understand my
reasoning for certain things and
continue to watch Tara Reid's comments
if it's not your cup of tea I totally
understand not watching it I just really
like comedy and this is the one way that
I feel like I can be myself through
comedy and also spread a positive
message while making people who write
idiotic comments look like idiots
and taking it with a grain of salt so
other people can learn to take it with a
grain of salt hopefully all that makes
sense if you like everything I do like
the video subscribe to the channel and I
will see you in two weeks with a new
Tara Reid's comments next week I'm gonna
be reviewing for sex ed some new sex
product from a company it's gonna be
really fun bye guys
mwah and I love you all the post
positive comments I just don't wanna sit
here and be like Tara your sexiest fuck
Tara you have perfect beb's
Tara you have perfect eyes Tara you are
the most beautiful Tara you're so
awesome
I do appreciate it though every single
one
