hey guys welcome to the July episode of
my fucking favorites I'm so sorry I
didn't do this last month the reason
being I fucking recorded this video the
Instagram Q&A and my game release news
video last month the week that I was
going to go in and get the procedure
that would put me out of commission for
a week if you guys don't remember what
that is
I got a mole removed and I got my
piercing hole closed still healing but
anyway I recorded those videos the day
before I had to go in and get the
procedure done and afterwards for a week
I wouldn't be able to do it because I
would have like tape on my face and I
could totally do it and just not wear
makeup and whatever but like the whole
comments section would just be people
asking about it and it kinda would
detract from the content itself if that
makes sense so I recorded these videos
and I went back to go edit them and the
sound was absolutely unusable so that's
why those three series were not up last
month sorry anyway I'm really happy to
hear that even though I've only done it
once a lot of you guys are actually like
where's the fucking favorites video so
without further ado here is my July
fucking favourites the first thing is
the sex position not my favorite sex
position this month is gonna be the one
okay so you have to have like a flat
surface and you lay it like near the
edge of the flat surface so let's say
like my ottoman my ottoman is what I
usually use this for sit right here with
my ass at the edge here and then my legs
just straight up in the air and like
close together and then the guy or girl
with a strap-on whatever will hold the
legs back as far as they possibly can
and just fuck me like that it's
basically like a slightly changed
missionary position but this hits my
g-spot so well oh my god and it might
not be the most like attractive position
like you're not gonna see it in porn and
it's kind of a lazy position for me if I
don't feel like jumping around and stuff
and actually doing all the work so I
don't know if you like a little pain
with your pleasure and you haven't tried
this try it you'll hit the g-spot it'll
be almost as much pain as doggystyle
which is one of the facets that I like
about it and it's just overall awesome
this month's porn star is black Angelica
now I don't know what happened I'm
imagining maybe she signed up to be a
porn star and she didn't realize that
they wanted their first name last and
the last name first or whatever the fuck
usually forms have like last name then
first name so she put Angelica and then
black as her first name or something or
someone like uploaded it and just did it
backwards like weirdly I don't know what
happened I don't know why she's not
Angelica black but it's black Angelica
she's got like a really good body not
fan of her face but next month I'll be
talking about a porn star whose face is
so fucking beautiful
I feel like faces and porn are often not
that great so it's really really rare
when you find someone who's just like
fucking gorgeous it's usually all about
the T&A but it makes it so much better
when they zoom in with the fisheye lens
on a cum shot if the girl is actually
pretty so yeah black hand Jellico if you
haven't checked her out do it and you
can thank me later now this month for
games I have a few fucking games so bear
with me the first thing is Pokemon go
which I have been absolutely loving if
you want to check out my gaming channel
I just posted a video called why I love
and hate Pokemon go but I've been
playing it like crazy Jay and I have
been going out and taking walks walking
back and forth and walking to the gym
rather than driving and it's just been
like a really fun experience because I
like walking and adventuring it's not
something that I do anymore I don't like
get out of my house I know I kind of do
I feel like that game needs no
introduction so I'll just let you go
ahead and check the description for the
video if you want and if not you can
just empathize with my pokey obsession
that video in the description is also
why I look like a Pikachu and have all
this Pokemon stuff near me the next game
I absolutely love this month is this war
of mine I found out about it like three
days ago and I've been playing it
non-stop since and that's what I did my
whole day off other than like a short
pokey stop walk I love it J loves it he
usually doesn't like indie games there
were a few indie games that I turned him
on to like The Binding of Isaac but he
fucking loves this game too and we've
just been really enjoying it together so
basically it's like a survival game
that's like 2d side-scroller where
you're in this like fictional war but
the war is based on the like Bosnian war
back in like 1990 something and it's not
from the perspective of the soldiers or
the government or anything like that
it's actually from the perspective of
the people caught in the war who can't
leave the city and have to pretty much
live in squalor whereas they used to be
normal people with normal lives and
there are like 12 different characters
and they all have different strengths
you have to scavenge at night but you
can end up getting killed it's very
realistic and how you can end up getting
kills getting sick etc and it's just
like a fucking great game I never
thought it would be as amazing as it is
I had been meaning to try it for a while
ever since I reported on the DLC where
it's just kids trying to survive in a
war which is like heartfelt I'm sure to
someone who panders more to their
emotional side I'm more than likely
would just find it fun I'm on day like
33 right now and one of my playthroughs
and it gets pretty hard and the very
last game that I'm gonna recommend
and is more of a movie than a game
because literally there's no exploration
there's no anything you just click on
things that have like a yellow outline
and then it gives you more story and
it's first-person but it's really really
interesting to me and I don't think I'm
gonna make it a let's play on the
channel I think I'm just gonna let's
play it live on Twitch because I feel
like my audience on Twitch will care
about it more than having like a bunch
of fucking episodes of me basically
playing a movie but it is called
fragments of hitman it's about this guy
who died and then you're reliving all of
his memories and memories of his loved
ones of him just like going through the
story or reliving like really heartfelt
things and what really interested me the
most was that this guy is gay right
which is irrelevant but kind of cool
that they're you know representing
someone that's not the norm but the
coolest thing about it is the fact that
they goes through the memories of the
grandma who's extremely extremely
bigoted against gay people and her like
struggle to try to understand her
grandson that she loves so much while
still being angry and not understanding
him at all then they kissed out of the
open where anyone could see a few point
of people oh man what is she thinking he
went and did that after everything I had
tried to teach him she really gonna
leave liberal views would get him in
trouble oh my god you guys I left right
away and also kind of being worried for
him because she feels like somehow that
if you're gay you're gonna end up having
like this terrible life which is more or
less not true but you know it's all
personal experience and stuff but I
don't think that someone should try to
stifle who their loved one is in order
to protect them because really that's in
turn just gonna make them depressed so
yeah I just like a really really
interesting game and I'm not talking
about it being like a movie game like
some people say heavy rain is which is
one of my favorite games of all time by
the way there's no QuickTime events
there's no exploration there's no
anything it's just literally following
the most linear path not even moving
just turning your head to the side and
clicking another yellow thing to get
more story but I would recommend you
check it out
alright so actual movies I watched a lot
of movies this month and last month I
washed all the Wolverine x-men movies
I'm on the third to the last Harry
Potter movie and I
two animated movies finally have seen
frozen and inside me or inside out fuck
I could never remember that it's inside
out okay so funny anecdotes I went over
to my parents house like few months back
and my dad was like have you seen the
movie inside of me and I'm like what the
fuck dad some kind of porn J starts like
cracking up and then he like it looks
enough to show me because he's so sure
that the movie is called inside me and
it turns out to be inside out and it's
like this totally harmless children's
movie by Pixar I think which is a
company that I've always fuckin loved
the little lamp is oh so cute anyway I
haven't watched a lot of animated movies
because Jade doesn't love them very much
and he hates the fact that a lot of them
have singing but I forced him to watch
these two movies because I just felt
wrong not having seen frozen and I
thought inside out sounded really cool
because it deals with emotions and
certain topics that I'm actually
interested in you know and those are two
of like my favorite movies in a long
time really fucking good movies and as
for TV shows haven't watched any TV
shows because I've replaced my eating
and watching TV shows with eating and
watching a portion of a movie pausing it
and then going back to work or play
alright my favorite girly thing is gonna
be a little drawn-out this month because
I revamped everything I do with my
makeup I was like you know what I'm
actually gonna buy a bunch of expensive
makeup from like name-brand companies
because and try some of the things that
my favorite makeup artists or YouTube
makeup people have tried and highly
recommend so I did it I feel fucking
flawless oh my god
in this Born This Way Foundation by Too
Faced so fucking good I got this benefit
dreamscreen because my plastic surgeon
said that the main thing I need to be
worrying about if I want to worry about
anti-aging is having a really good SPF
on my skin at all times even if I'm not
going anywhere or even if I'm just
staying in the car it's really important
because that is the quickest thing other
than smoking cigarettes that can age you
and your skin I feel bad that I went
like ten years actually tanning in a
tanning bed I'm probably far behind on
this this is the back of pressed skin
perfecting what the fuck shimmering skin
perfector in pearl this is like the
highlighter that I use it's super white
super pigmented you can see that here
I'm just gonna put that on my leg and I
use it on my cheekbones my nose my brow
bones and my Cupid's bow and it's just
like the best highlighter ever and then
this by by under I fucking concealer by
it cosmetics is so good at first I
thought it was like
like too sticky and too thick and I
thought that it was gonna like create
lines or something in my face because it
was so thick and cakey but then you just
kind of let it dry a little bit put on a
bunch of powder maybe bake a little bit
and it is so fucking good
and then my brows which I feel like
today I have perfected I feel like they
look great well I don't know if I just
like mess them up by wearing this hat
but we're okay we're just gonna show you
this part of my brows so an Associate
Beverly Hills brow Wiz in top and
Associate Beverly Hills brow dip brow
pomade or over the fucking top and this
by TARTA or Tarte a I don't know colored
clay tinted brow gel in top and so what
I do is I actually got this technique
from I fucking forget her name I'll post
her link in the description but she's
like one of my favorites beauty makeup
gurus on YouTube her and Lauren Curtis I
was like actually watching her videos to
decide what I wanted to buy and her
brows are perfect so the first thing you
do is you brush up the brow and then you
line it you brush up the brow with this
and then you line underneath on the line
with this and you just have like an
outline so you do the top at the bottom
and if you guys remember some people are
asking me what's wrong with my eyebrows
that's because I made it way too big
because it does have a whole like
learning curve and then you take the
pomade you stick it on a little brush
and you kind of fill in but not like
crazy thick and then you take this and
this is the fucking coolest part it's
got like a tiny little brush and you
just like brush the inner corners the
the actual hair up so even if you have
like super blonde eyebrows like I do it
makes it look like like eyebrow hairs
that actually exists on your face it
just looks so fucking nice so I am
loving my brows now and that is all the
products I have for the girly stuff but
my favorite thing of the month is also
gonna be a girly thing and I'm sorry
this fucking spin brush for the skin
from vanity planet is my life oh my
fucking god it's the best thing I've
ever whoa
the best thing I've ever done for
skincare it's like very very very
amazing I've actually been making J use
it and he loves it it's like okay so you
turn it on and you like put cleanser on
your face and then you like use it and
it has four brushes I think this is the
exfoliating one that I use after I use
the cleansing one and then it has this
one which might be even better than the
original because it's for the body and I
use this to prep for a spray tan it's
fucking amazing like I'm never like
splotchy anymore I just like take the
spray tan off or like even out the spray
tan by using this I'm like you know
making my skin extremely smooth like I
have this thing where randomly if I
don't exfoliate my entire body the backs
of my thighs get kind of rough or
something might do this and it's like
I'm the softest little like soft soft
Ling ever it's the best ever I highly
recommend it
vanity planet com they actually did send
me this but they did not sponsor me they
didn't send me money they didn't want me
to do a video they just wanted me to try
this out and then see if I wanted to
maybe work with them in the future and I
never got back to them but I'm just
fucking love this product and I wouldn't
say I did if I didn't it's like the
fucking best thing ever I wanted one of
these for a long time too because I
thought it was like an interesting idea
because I often just like kind of swish
my face and then just go to bed with
like most of my makeup still on but this
is like it's so fucking good and I'm
like my face is shiny it's soft it's
great for like right before makeup
application because you're not having
any of the dry skin it's just like my
favorite thing in the world and I think
men and women both should use it on
their bodies and their faces it's just
oh it's so fucking good and you can use
any cleanser with it so yeah alright
guys I hope you enjoyed this video of my
fucking favourites please like the video
subscribe to the channel and let me know
if there is anything that I have turned
you on to turns you on to in this video
that you're actually now using or
watching or doing and enjoying and I
hope you guys enjoy the series because I
really enjoy making it and as to why I
skipped one of the categories this month
the girl or a guy I want to fuck there's
like not anyone new
I haven't been watching any content or
doing anything where there's like a hot
guy or girl I don't know I'm sure if I
thought about it I could you know think
of someone like I saw something of
Benedict Cumberbatch like a couple weeks
ago when I was like yeah why doesn't he
fucking stick his dick in me right now
but I mean that's kind of old news
everyone knows I love him so yeah see
you next month with the new fucking
favorites
mwah bye guys
