hey guys welcome to new video on my
channel so today I wanted to talk about
something that's been bothering me for a
little bit it doesn't necessarily affect
me it's affected me once when I made the
Toby Turner video like my story about
what happened with Toby Turner and if or
if I think he is a rapist or not or what
I think about it and what my experiences
were I was told that I should not have
monetized my video now it wasn't as
rampant as I see in a bunch of other
videos of other people I know there have
been a lot of things going on in our
society like really bad things like
terrorist attacks people shooting other
people just a lot of tragedy going on
and a lot of people are making videos
about the tragedy and I don't make these
videos because I think it's really
redundant like to me if I'm gonna show
support I'm just gonna quietly donate or
do whatever I can to help I feel like
making a video unless you're like a huge
public figure and it's like what does
thank Christina Aguilera Donald Trump
whatever the fuck think about this
terrible tragedy and we want to hear
some like why obviously not wise words
from these people but like we want to
hear some inspirational words from
people that we believe in in our
community so we want to hear like Obama
talk about it and stuff like that and
like express his condolences for things
that have happened and that makes sense
to me but I feel like the majority of
the like mid-level youtubers like my
size youtubers are smaller who make
videos on these topics unless it really
pertains to them like they've struggled
a lot being in the gay community and you
know fucking the Orlando thing happened
a lot of gay people were shot so they
want to speak out about it and tell
their story or they were there all these
things that makes sense but to me I feel
like there is a percentage of people who
are doing it just for attention but that
is not the reason that I'm making this
video today I want to make this video
talking about people hating on people
who make videos and then monetizing the
video like first of all it's just such a
irrational illogical thing to even say
and when I see people saying like oh I
uploaded this video and I didn't
monetize it as if we're supposed to feel
like there's some kind of saint or some
kind of like better person for that it
just doesn't make any sense to me for
like a bunch of reasons and I'm gonna
lay out those reasons for you guys as
succinctly as I can and try to tell you
what bothers me about that whole mindset
and usually it's like there's just the
trolls like trying to be mean to people
that they already don't like like if
someone says
wow you are just attention whoring or oh
wow you're a bad person because you
monetized a video the general amount of
those people are gonna be haters who
wouldn't like you anyway and who are
just looking for reasons to hate you but
I've actually seen other content
creators hate on another content creator
for doing that or people in the
beginning of their videos saying this is
not monetized because I'm not looking
for attention so the first problem I see
with that is why are you even thinking
about monetization like most content
creators and you got to be retarded to
not most content creators have a
template right and I don't know if you
guys who don't upload content know this
but there's a template that you have
where it just has like your standard
like settings and your standard
monetization settings and you just
upload a video and then it's immediately
uploaded with that template and you just
change like certain things like tags and
like the title and the playlist that it
goes to you don't mess with like the
background stuff you don't mess with the
monetization stuff so imagine the
mindset of someone who's uploading a
video and thinking hmm
what am I gonna do with my monetization
tab but let's turn off monetization to
look like a good person like a lot of
things that people do these days to look
like a good person it just kind of shows
very strongly to me how much they're
trying and how little that actually is
who they are you know and that's how I
feel about that another thing that
bothers me about it is like why why
should someone make content and not
monetize it like that doesn't make any
sense to me and this again doesn't
affect me because I don't make videos on
popular topics I don't make crying
videos about things that have happened
in the past and it's not that I don't
think it's terrible I definitely do I
just feel like it's a redundant thing
like if I don't think it's terrible yeah
maybe I will make a video because
obviously I'm very different from the
norm and I'm just like a terrible person
if I don't think it's terrible so why am
I making this redundant video saying
that it's terrible yeah it's fucking
terrible what what like what am I just
trying to get views cuz that's how I
would feel if I made these videos but if
I did make these videos I would
definitely monetize them I don't think
there is anything shameful with making
money when you are like doing the thing
that you make a living off of you know
and it's so weird that people try to
shame you for making money off of your
content do you shame the like big news
company
is for like anytime they report on a
tragedy like this just didn't five
o'clock news oh my god they monetize
their fucking shit they got paid the
cameraman got paid to talk about this
and announce about this and oh my god
they have no emotion they're just like
yes something terrible today happened in
the news like you can't judge people
like especially people who do like
channels just based on news like half
the shit is gonna be terrible like what
do you pick and choose to not monetize
and why are you thinking about
monetization in that point you're
thinking about you know improving
people's lives with a good message you
know trying to bring people's spirits up
with positivity talking about something
philosophically that's very important or
changes you think need to be made to
society money and monetization should
not even be thought about and for people
to care so much about it it's just a
little bit ridiculous and like what does
that do first of all let me tell you how
important it is to monetize just one
video on your channel even if it gets
like a million views that's only like a
couple thousand dollars at least for me
I have a couple of videos that are over
$1000 or over a million views and
they've like made a total of like 800 to
a couple thousand dollars in their
lifetime what's really important to
content creators is not that like small
amount of money you made on that one
video it's the people who subscribe
because of it the people who comment
because of it the people who like the
audience growing bigger because people
who were brought in and saw this and
it's basically just the views and what
results from the views that isn't
monetary that content creators really
want so for someone to just
disingenuously say that like I'm not
gaining from this at all because I'm not
monetizing this video you're just losing
out on like a couple hundred dollars
like usually maximum and there's like no
reason for that to even matter at all
you know I'm saying so like the only
thing that you're doing by telling
content creators to not monetize a
specific video is you're making them
make less money that they could possibly
be giving to charity so like what have
you monetized a video about the Orlando
shooting and then you give all of that
money to charity you don't know what
they're doing with that money and why do
you just want it's like a no-win
situation it's like one of those
logical things of society and a lot of
people in society I just can't wrap my
head around people are thinking so
emotionally that they they don't
actually look at things rationally like
is anyone winning from that am I am i
bringing lives back am i making people
actually feel better no I'm just making
myself look better to stupid people and
that's basically what people are doing
by not monetizing certain videos or
giving a shit when someone monetizes or
doesn't Manas has a video I watched a
video recently on there were some
scandal and it was like not really a big
deal about some youtuber I don't even
remember the girl's name but she was
talking about how she is completely
innocent in whatever she's being accused
of and she didn't monetize the video so
why would she be lying it's like what
that's only one facet of what you get
from being a fucking youtuber from
making a video from getting views that's
just one facet and it's such an
irrelevant facet and it's so crazy how
people in America don't understand that
YouTube is a fucking job people like I
said in the news or anywhere else if
something bad happens they don't just
like stop doing their jobs or stop
making money in honor in like
ridiculously redundant doesn't matter at
all honor of some bad thing that
happened it just doesn't make any sense
to me and I know a lot of people are
gonna disagree with me on this and I
know a lot of people are gonna hate on
me because they're not thinking clearly
but I cannot see a logical path of
rational thoughts where it makes sense
to not monetize a video other than to
just appease the people who don't like
you already or stupid people who have
not actually thought it through so
that's my video for today and that's
what I wanted to talk about and I just
wanted to get that off my chest usually
I don't talk about topical topics as you
guys know I love saying topical topics I
don't know I I usually don't talk on
things big things that are happening
because I would rather talk on a
specific philosophical point and
something that I actually think and care
about and know to my core something I've
thought about a lot and like an idea
that fits into Who I am as a person I'd
rather discuss those little details and
let you guys know really who I am then
react to like videos that are funny or
react to situations that have happened
you guys should know me by watching all
of my videos on
that like when something happens you
already know what I think of it you
already know how I feel about it because
I'm giving you something deeper than
just trying to bring in more views and
more people by talking about something
that is a hot topic right now if that
makes any sense so I love you guys so
much in my fucking mouth is getting
frothy it's weird I don't know um I hope
you guys enjoy your fucking day and I
will see you in the next video like and
subscribe and please post in the
comments what you think take a minute to
think about it first like don't just be
like oh my god this fucking heart wants
money like where is my fucking bra or
boobs what my coke bottle in between the
boobs challenge my Kylie Jenner
challenge not that I need it
and so bad like I feel so cringy when I
do stuff like that but there are people
who actually act like that like that's
their normal it's weird
anyway I don't do any of that shit so
there's no reason for me to actually
give a shit about this on a personal
level I just think that you know
logically and philosophically it makes
no sense and it doesn't hurt help anyone
it only hurts someone in order to just
you know make someone else look better
really really just on the surface just
fucking doesn't matter at all it like
literally doesn't matter and that's how
I feel so yeah I love you guys know I'm
feeling silly today I hope you guys in
joyed fight also I love you
