hey you beautiful wonderful gorgeous
fucking people welcome to a new episode
of Friday night mail I love you guys so
fucking much I have so many amazing
things this week and I just cannot thank
you guys enough I wanted to let you guys
know that the 200k winner for the like
gigantic personalized to giveaway was
chosen his name is Jed Lynn and I will
be sending him a bunch of really awesome
things relating to sports and games
which are two of like the biggest things
he enjoys in his life and I'm really
excited to do this because I think it's
gonna be really fun I'm probably gonna
make a video about it but I just want to
let you guys know that the winner has
been chosen I have to be doing this
again very soon another 50k subscribers
or maybe even sooner just because I
fucking love you guys
anybody's just deserve so much more give
back than I've given you more than I can
afford another disclaimer before I get
started with this okay so a bunch of
people on my Amazon wish list bought me
posters and there was one guy who I
cannot fucking find to my discord
messages who told me that he got me some
posters but then also Keith told me that
one of the things he got me was posters
and I'm not sure which one of you got me
posters I really fucking despise it when
Amazon doesn't allow a gift insert so I
know exactly who it's coming from and I
feel eternally sorry if I do not shout
you out when I open your gift but please
let me know and I'll remember to shout
you out next time and I promise you guys
I'm gonna start writing it down as soon
as you guys tell me because I feel
really bad cuz you guys deserve as much
recognition and thanks as I possibly can
give now with all of that said I just
want to get into this because I'm
excited and I love you guys and I cannot
wait to thank you and tell you how much
I love you and hopefully brighten your
Friday is even though your Friday should
be bright as fuck because it's fucking
Friday am i right especially for your
magic players who fucking get to go play
Magic the Gathering on Friday nights
I really miss doing that all right we're
gonna start big tonight this is a
big-ass thing from China giant Luigi oh
my god this is absolutely perfect this
is exactly what I needed for my fucking
sets when I saw this home bought this
for me I was so ecstatic like this is
like amazing yes now I can have Luigi on
one side and Mario on the other because
okay I'm gonna have to do some moving
around but this is awesome fucking
amazing addition to my collection thank
you so much next we've got a letter from
TJ this is what's inside the first thing
I see is a drawing of my tits and his
dick in between my tits hey Tara
Babcock I am one of your favorite fans I
don't doubt that I donated to $250 a
month to you right now in my life I am
going through a really hard time I need
your help it would be awesome if you
could help just add me on instagram @ TJ
alex 13 of you guys want to follow him
as well i will be and we could talk
there
thanks for read love your biggest TJ
alex quote for you suck did get a lot of
cum your tits my cock i hope you guys
can see this wonderful diagram thank you
so much DJ and if you actually are a
patron for $250 you are fucking insane
you do not need to do that but thank you
so fucking much oh and your letter made
me laugh what thank you my dick in your
tits oh thank you baby girl I remember
you telling me that you are sending me
these oh I want to try these on they're
like fake nose rings they're fake septum
re rings how does it look how does it
look
and my hat I've been mulling over a long
time getting a septum piercing because I
think it would add a little of the metal
that I am on to the Barbie that I look
like you know but I also don't want to
draw a lot of attention to my nose just
an aesthetic thing and I've had really
bad luck with facial piercings in the
past even though this one seems to be
pretty cover up a bull even if I decided
to take it out and the other piercings I
thought about getting our nipple
piercings to compliment my clitoral hood
piercing we've got one more let's try
this one on - thank you so much I
remember you telling me you were gonna
get these from me and that you also have
awesome piercings this sounds like too
big okay
well let's see if I can make it say for
like a second okay there's this one and
it's it's not gonna stay like if I move
at all it's gonna come out also I don't
like that it's like totally touching my
lip it's like a little too big I don't
know what do you guys think do you guys
think I should just like totally forget
the whole idea or oh should I actually
go with it either way we're gonna wear
this for the rest of the video thank you
oh my god I can finally finish my
collection of a mini amiibo yoshi's
because recently Houdini bought me the
gigantic one which will be coming in the
mail soon and I already have the pink
and green one and this was from Yanni hi
Tara I was feeling really sad at 3 a.m.
so I wanted to send a gift to someone
who cheers me up when I'm feeling down
with her quirky and funny videos so I
decided to contribute to your amiibo
collection keep doing you love Yanni
thank you so
much and that is so sweet oh I wish I
could do something more for you to make
you smile and I'm really sorry that you
were feeling sad at 3:00 a.m.
anytime I am feeling sad and there's no
actual reason to be feeling sad I just
need to take a nap and sleep it off it's
some kind of like brain chemical thing
kind of like depression where like
clinical depression isn't actually when
you have a terrible life it's just
there's something going on with your
brain so hopefully that tip helps and
hopefully I can keep making content that
makes you smile
Wow you're amazing next we've got this
beautiful fucking envelope which I'm
gonna be really careful opening because
thank you letter opener when you guys
send me something if you want to send me
like a decorated envelope I keep the
envelopes to copy all right so we've got
this pretty little blue piece of paper
what could be inside let's carefully cut
the tape Tara cheers how does one go
about booking you for either fan signing
events or photoshoots I did try to send
an email but it bounced back to me Tara
in closing please respond to the email
listed on the back of this note thanks
Richard model mayhem number two eight
seven five nine so if you want to check
him out and he does Seattle based
alternative photography honestly I'm not
quite sure why the email bounced back I
know it bounces back but doesn't
actually because it gets forwarded from
my bookings email to my gmail account
which is where everything is like
consolidated but I will try to find your
email and reply thank you so much for
your interest
thanks for taking the time to send this
to me and make it such a cute envelope
you rock alright next we have this which
is from out to me I have no idea what
any of this is it's like really packaged
like nobody wants me to ever open this
packaging but I'm gonna do it anyway
cuz I'm a badass these are the roblox
the Lord Houdini ask Batman one ninja
title two ninja titles Raphael my
favorite three Ninja title NZ fourth
Ninja Turtle I think they're basically
like little tiny Lego blocks that you
can put together a figure of your
favorite whatever characters using like
a little template inside they're really
amazing and so fucking cute and I want
to thank Lord Houdini for buying these
from me through the twitch gifting
system it's really cool you can purchase
something off my Amazon wishlist on
stream and it like pops up and it's
interesting anyway he's been like a
fucking huge supporter of my content
when he does not need to be at all and I
real
appreciate it so thank you so fucking
much mmm
and for offering your services as a
twitch mods which is like just you gotta
be a masochist right I really need to
get on building these things I have that
castle puzzle that rubber tongue sent me
and then I have a few more of these and
just can't seem to find the time and
you're not allowed to build puzzles on
Twitch creative which is like retarded
even when they're nerd culture related
come on to it yeah next item
Oh didn't think these would be so tiny
oh my god why are they so tiny oh these
are from Keith how fun you're amazing
are these I love them so fucking much I
don't even know if I'm gonna put them on
the Nintendo chair because they're so
tiny or if I'm just gonna like stick
them all over my house there oh my god
Thank You Keith you are fucking amazing
yeah take off these god-awful tags next
package comes all the way from Singapore
from Zakir which is one of my favorite
people he is so fucking insightful so
intelligent
I love reading his posts and I just
think he's an all-around great guy and a
huge supporter of me which always makes
me smile we've got a postcard Gardens by
the bay Singapore wow this looks
gorgeous I need to take an Asian tour
soon Zac he's an awesome he is it's true
hi Tara a hot summer 2016 deserves a hot
treat for you and maybe for your fans of
your amazing gaming channel too yes my
handwriting sucks and I bought you
stamps because stamps are cool
stamps are cool I have not stamps
forever oh yeah like a little Singapore
girl on them and I also cut that are
alive extreme a3 a fortune Dead or Alive
games mm-hmm thank you that you're
amazing I really need to play some
better alive games on YouTube and twitch
yes I do thank you for reminding me
right up my fucking alley and yours too
next we've got something that is
probably a plushie I am hoping it's the
question because those are just my
favorite thing oh yeah it is a set of
sonic Knuckles and Tails and I have no
idea why Sonic's nose looks like an
erect Hedgehog penis like what is going
on here but these are fucking amazing I
saw these and I fell in love with these
because my favorite toy when I was
growing up was a little bit bigger than
this plushie of tails because I was in
love with fucking tails I loved
everything about him I watched the TV
shows and played the games when I was
and I'm a huge fan of Sonic and Sega in
general and this is just amazing and I
tried to find a knuckle slushy the back
doesn't like wasn't a thing and we
didn't have the Internet to like import
things over from Japan you know I'm
saying so this is just fucking awesome
walking down nostalgia Lane and these
were actually kind of expensive so thank
you so much larger Dana you are a god
and you are just fucking wonderful to me
and spoil the shit me and I am not
worthy but I am very appreciative that
you think that I am thank you so much I
love them those you will probably see in
the background of my streams because
alas not Nintendo all right and now we
have like some posters I don't know if
they're from Keith or what but I think
they're gonna be awesome so let's go
ahead and look at them if I can get them
out oh my god they like packed it the
fuck in there why would they do that
they're like way too many things in
there hopefully I can push it out from
the other end I don't understand why
have someone buy six posters they think
it's okay to just like cram it in there
like what the fuck can I get like on do
these okay so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna have J help me with this so I
don't ruin the posters I just want to
thank you so much for sending me the
fucking posters but I am very unhappy
with CGC posters calm who could not just
spare another mailer for more than one
poster like that's a little bit
ridiculous it won't come out and I don't
want to fucking ruin the posters frankly
so thank you so much for giving these to
me but I don't want to fucking ruin them
so next week on next week's fnm when I
figure out how to get these out without
ruining them I will show them off there
hopefully I'll figure out if these we're
all from Keith or not or if it's half
and half because it is going to the same
mailing address from the same company so
maybe they put it all in one I'm not
sure but thank you so much you are
fucking awesome for sending this to me I
love you guys you're fucking just once
you stop being so awesome okay just stop
seriously I'm telling you to stop should
I reverse psychology
like please send me more things it's
like subliminal messaging like don't
send me any more things last Becca I
have a feeling this is gonna be an
extraordinary package because it was
from one of you guys there are tons of
notes and this is all from rubber tongue
oh my god LMT meet minion LMT can you
give chespin a hug for me oh my god
hello LMG hope you have some joy with
Joel
yawn okay mom I don't have joy with
Jolteon fucking team mystic keeps having
this gigantic Jolteon at the gym I can't
overtake it it's awful but this Jolteon
may be lovely LMT fennekin is cute but
not as much as you and LMT it seems
litleo has a little no so keygasm we've
got a pokey gasm oh shit there's one
more
Oh Ellen tea don't let froakie jump away
I'll try not to do any of that
we've got minun I think I'm not familiar
with anything past like a hundred and
fifty three Pokemon yeah we've got
litleo Jolteon oh yeah I want the whole
like Eevee evolutions sets that's what I
really want but look at this adorable
Jolteon that's pretty badass I wish I
had this in Pokemon go not gonna lie J
just recently got a Flareon and I'm like
super jealous because I don't have
enough candy to evolve my Eevee fennekin
oh you're so fuzzy froakie and look at
his back his back has like it feels like
like sheep's wool it's so soft I love it
and he's so fucking happy and we've got
chespin I know this one
you can almost take his little hood off
it's cute oh this is an awesome idea
rubber tongue you know I am Pookie crazy
right now and I really appreciate this
fucking amazing as well as everyone else
who sent me anything you guys are fuckin
gods in my eyes you guys are just the
fucking best for making little old me
feel special every single fucking week
and I just love sharing some of the
positivity with you guys and hopefully I
can do more giveaways in the future more
everything to just make you guys feel
special as special as you guys fucking
are I hope you have an amazing fucking
Friday and weekend and just know that I
fucking love you even if I can't direct
my love specifically to like a first and
last name I appreciate every single one
of you and I wish I could do more to
give back to you I wish I could put
every single one of you through college
or buy you guys a new car or something
our new house and just make your dreams
come true if I had that power I would do
it for every single one of the people
who decides to be positive rather than
be negative on the internet if you don't
like something just don't watch it right
go spend your time money and effort on
someone who you do support and trust me
content creators especially my size and
smaller definitely need all of the
support
yet cuz a drip sucks not me anymore you
can go directed at someone else I'm
doing okay now Thank You patreon patrons
seriously I'm like flabbergasted takes a
lot to flabbergast me sometimes they get
a little excited sometimes I get a
little shocked but flabbergasted that's
a whole nother level anyway
fucking just oh my god thank you see you
guys next week with a new Friday night
mail I hope you guys enjoyed like the
vid and subscribe to the channel if you
did what and let me know what you think
of the nose-ring
