hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week we're gonna be
talking about fingering and this is a
much needed topic because I would
probably be making minimum wage if I got
a nickel for every single time I heard
some guy bragging about finger blasting
and then doing a motion that wouldn't
make anyone come
not even me and I'm pretty easy to
please so next time you get the inkling
to shove your fingers violently in and
out of a vagina just don't and follow
these instructions instead the first
thing to remember is that all women are
different and they're gonna like
different things they're also built
anatomically different so if you don't
feel comfortable just outright asking
her what she likes start slow and read
her body language and responsiveness to
the things that you're doing like
actually you pay attention it shouldn't
be too hard to intuitively deduce what
she does and does not like another
really important thing to note is that
fingering is not meant and any way to
replace intercourse like the actual
insertion of the penis into the vagina
it's more meant for foreplay
think about this for a second what can
your pokey and skinny finger do better
than your anatomically designed penis
which is most likely longer and thicker
and just better in every way
because of this fact stop focusing a
hundred percent on entering the vagina
and stop trying to use your fingers to
fingerblast in and out of a vagina the
strength of the use of your fingers and
for plate is actually its dexterity you
can use your fingers more purposefully
meaning that you can hit the g-spot or
the clit in all those great spots using
your dexterous fingers the first thing
you want to do is make sure your hands
and nails are clean keep your nails
short if possible and if not just be
careful with them women with long nails
like these do finger themselves but
since you don't have control of her pain
receptors in your brain you don't really
know what's gonna hurt her so you have
to be careful before just entering
inside start outside get her wet and
teaser make her want you to come inside
caress her thighs tease her at her pubic
bone and just lightly graze her
everywhere around that area in the
rottenness tones without actually
touching her clit or vagina many women
benefit greatly in sex if you're patient
with the foreplay and the closer you can
get her to climaxing before you actually
enter her the better once you actually
get to her secret lady bits that was
awful start with her clit rubbing it in
this motion harder or light depending on
what she likes
teasing near the clitoris and by playing
with the clitoris you'll be able to see
if she's erect because it'll be a little
bit harder of a nub and gorged mini lady
penis
that's an awful visual is it not then
after you've done that for a while
you can slowly slide back near her
vaginal opening and start teasing there
enter just a little bit one finger to
start this give me a tease I can also be
a way to check if she's wet and stretch
her out a little bit so you can fit two
fingers the optimal amount unless your
girl is really kinky and she's into
something like fisting two fingers will
always do the job or two in the pink and
one in the stink don't do that unless
she expressly asks for it now the actual
technique once you're inside
as stated before don't just go in and
out you want to actually make this
motion pressing on the spongy part near
the front of her body so if you were
doing it on me it would be like this you
can start slow then go harder and faster
in that motion if you feel like she's
liking it if you don't feel like she's
feeling it you can go back to the clip
or you can try wiggling your fingers in
different areas
everyone's Anatomy is different and the
g-spot can be hard to find or you can
use both hands or your fingers in your
mouth mouth on the clit fingers in the
vagina just remember these words it's
not about the in-and-out it's about the
Clint in the g-spot leave the in and
outing for your nice or ex penis you'll
get there
and remember some women can't come from
vaginal intercourse alone so make sure
you spend a lot of time on the clit
maybe once you're done using a little
bit of fingering as a foreplay switch
over to cuddle Angus or actual sex to
kind of finish her off alright now let's
talk about me personally I fucking hate
fingering I've never enjoyed it when I
first started masturbating I thought
that's what you were supposed to do but
then I ended up using toys and things
like that that I could find around the
house and that worked infinitely better
for me for me when I'm just using my
fingers like if that's all I have it's
all about rubbing my clay like like a
fucking Jackrabbit on my clit I can come
that way but I strongly prefer to use a
dildo or penis and stimulate my clit at
the same time so for me it's always been
kind of weird when people wanted to
finger makes I'm like oh yeah that's
nice foreplay but that's not going to
get me off because you probably don't
know anything about my anatomy most guys
don't know about the inner workings of
the vagina they don't know what they're
feeling for they don't know what they're
doing even the long past your
adolescence when you've had a lot of sex
most of you guys still don't know what
you're doing
even women don't so as stated in other
videos don't expect you just get into a
lesbian relationship because you think
that she's gonna know what she's doing
better everyone's body is different in
women can be very complicated or
uncomplicated it's a case-by-case basis
thing
right I hope this video helps you guys
in the bedroom to please your women or
at least to find out what she does like
and please stop fucking finger-blasting
vaginas just stop or at least stop
bragging about it if you see this in
porn and a bunch of squirting it's not
good
it just looks intense for the camera at
least find out that your girl is one of
the rare ones that actually does like
that before trying it on her alright
guys I will see you in two weeks with a
new sex ed with Tara like the video and
subscribe if you found this helpful or
interesting and as always keep fucking
and fingering
