hey guys welcome to one of my favorite
episodes of shit Tara says ever so far
created by Nicolas Alstott all of his
links will be in the description so I
hope you guys check him out he makes
amazing gifts and he makes a lot of my
shit Tara says videos including the very
first one and yeah he goes by butters
from South Park's nickname as a
pseudonym anyway this is hilarious and
it's compilation number two for the best
of my frightened at male videos which
you guys have been seeing so little of
this week and last week in fact so
little Friday night mail that I feel
like it is a great topic for shit Tara
says this week enjoy and totally ignore
the fact that I'm semi dressed like
Jessica Rabbit roll the epic footage
Oh
dripping I've got my trusty Excalibur
and we've got a bunch of fucking
packages let's go ahead and start
fanservice mail Friday
aka mail Friday service but most widely
known as Friday night mail Oh Tara don't
put the box cutter so close to your face
oh yeah first thing we got here oh fuck
ah almost hurt my nail all right here we
go we've got a box that appears to be
empty who sent me an empty box
what a great present oh no my name is on
my package another Amazon box let's go
let's open it explore its innards we've
got a bag we've got another package next
package that's French for package why am
I so bad it's called an Amazon put on
books so big like too big as if that
were a possibility is like almost up to
30 episodes and still haven't hurt
myself Oh get too aggressive with my
boxes you know what I'm saying you know
sometimes you just feel aggressive the
box oh just rip the shit out of these
fucking boxes like I don't give a fuck
like boxes suck my dick what could it be
ah oh damn mother cocksucker
what the fuck come on a bra it's kind of
heavy
I wasn't Oh second class whoa what the
fuck almost killed myself hmm we have
just realized my arm strength get you
baby yeah
walks we're like fucking unboxing these
things is like rougher than sex with me
no fucking way Street Fighter fun oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my fucking
god oh oh fuck yeah oh yeah holy shit
holy shit oh this is oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh the shell combo go ahead
yes melon head couple oh shit it's been
joke gun mount Wow
fatality Oh shucks oh he's so fucking
perfect
you damn sexy even when you're not
showing off your glorious tits I am
Queen Tara and as my first decree all
women must have big titties but oh my
god the titties
yeah there is so sexy dance boobie now I
have a third boob leave a like on my
video if you approve of my third boo
boom bigger stronger faster subscribe
for my please I need to contain my tits
tits become contained look at that it's
perfect
it's pink and it has peach on it could
it get any better she could be nude his
firm to me she's like the Nerds Barbie I
also love it when she's depicted to
someone who's wilfully luring Bowser and
cutting the fuck out of Mario this is
peach my favorite princess now that we
have her here let's ask her are you cock
holding Mario on purpose with Bowser yes
I am I can't stand Mario's tiny penis
Bowser is king of the Koopas why would I
not fuck his big veiny dick well there
you have it peach you should definitely
make vlogs thank you
it's my fucking Bowser gigantic oh my
god this is so fucking awesome he's so
manly his shell so strong and pokey but
not really because plushy thank you so
fucking much ah you fucking rock like
what the fuck ah I want to like rage
outs I can't cry I just want to punch
you for being so fucking awesome like
beat you dead I've got horns yeah
we can kill and dismember terra firma
who and she doesn't feel pain she
doesn't cry when separated from her
family little did she know there's a
dude with cat ears that wants to fuck
her I want to be the very best
but no one ever was boo boo boo to catch
them is my real test to train them is my
cause
Pokemon gotta catch em all it's you and
me I know it's my destiny
Captain America Lady Deadpool up in here
oh yeah I'm touching myself tonight I've
been such a good kitty need to get a
hole in my shorts for these whoa I can
see myself in it I'm gonna take a
picture of me seeing myself in my buffer
so fuzzy oh my god
thank you we have similar eyes ha ha ha
the rare said color of them all my
precious I'm fuckin weird I know he's so
gigantic I love him so much I tried that
this is a fucking awesome ah it sounds
like our turd a did you guys hear that
oh my god I should eat you hold on I'll
get you out of there ah so awesome let
me show you oh you're missing out by not
seeing this before I see it it's a
fucking cookie jar holy shit
Oh fuckin cookie jar Judy - its r2d2
he's so cute
Oh Oh his head even turns so you can do
the whole like flirty boom boom
mwah oh my god stormtroopers I'm gonna
be sleeping with this one that's for
sure oh yeah I got to kiss him I had to
fucking I just I couldn't not kiss him
I'm sorry he was too kissable and now he
looks really fucking pissed off at me oh
my god I'm a stormtrooper mr. trummer
buddy this is so cute oh my god I don't
know this is either supposed to wear it
it's ticking noises and sounds r2d2 you
honestly can't go wrong with extra
batteries can you speaking Darth Vader
noises why are you making Darth Vader
noises it's just like randomly making
noises - holy shit you guys you're gonna
love this it's a giant Darth Vader I
love you dad
you can call me Anna Skywalker I was
born for the dark side the results are
in you are the father Oh Luke I am your
mistress
in here I have a kylo Ren oh he's so
cute and metallic and he's got like a
little metallic cum stain over here you
see this on this on his hood he's got a
metallic cum stain I like my men to come
to me stained with cum so I am extremely
happy about this
I'm gonna sleep with him now look at his
book Oh
I got Becky look at her pet lips on
fleek girl mmm I keep saying things that
make no sense today this is a female
reproductive system model yeah like a 3d
model of the female reproductive system
you know I can't wait to get the male
one and have like a big penis raah oh
yeah my giant pink dildo 1.1.1
thank you oh my god what the hell is
this it's so heavy I can't even imagine
are you fucking kidding me
eight and a half inch girth 12 massive
inches
needless to say this is not fit into my
vagina you gotta be kidding me
I wouldn't even try and if I did try it
wouldn't work it would take a lot of
Lube and like a week of just stretching
and stretching for this to fit I've got
a James Dean cock no way so realistic it
even has the curve I think it is now
customary that I hit myself in the face
with these at least once oh well now
he's way too realistic Jesus Christ
Shawn Michaels or James Dean oh you
could definitely beat someone up with
this we can sword fight
get ready for the next battle what if I
take the baby and then make it hold a
penis that's that's normal right there
we go
why would we not have it hold the two
penises and a boob we've got the naughty
panda bear
oh great gifts I wish I knew who they
were from thank you so much two boxes
and wait for it a fucking sperm thank
you for sending me some sperm who came
here who came between my tits without
asking we would have had a boy but you
decided to come on my face I can confirm
this does not taste like sperm it's like
an erect penis 15 inch iguana that's
bigger than you guys's dicks for sure
how do you guys feel iguana
bigger than your dick you guys should
step up your dick game
oh by the way boys these two don't mix I
feel like every single time I unbox
things from my peel box it's just like
better and better I'm so happy this is
dangerous
anyway I hope you guys like this video
if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and of course subscribe to the
channel thank you so much from your
submissive cat girl
alright hug time ah next time on shit
Tara says hi I'm Tara Babcock and I have
a public service announcement for you
guys all men must have big throbbing
erections 100% of the time you must call
a doctor if you have an erection lasting
shorter than four hours did you ever
know that you're my hero
and everything I would like to be I can
fly higher than any go
cuz you are the wind beneath my wings
