hey guys I'm back Yuri and I am finally
gonna be opening you guys's fuckin
packages I feel really bad that I
haven't done this for two weeks but it
was mainly just because of the
procedures and then I got a ridiculous
stomach flu brought on by the
antibiotics I was taking it's not really
a stomach flu it was more like just I
was completely fucked and couldn't do
anything and I'll spare you the gruesome
details but I fucking love you so much
everything you guys do for me I've split
up the packages a little bit so this
isn't gonna be a more than 15 minute
video that takes for fucking ever that
we more packages next week so if you
think your package should be here
already it might be in next week's video
and I just love you so much and I'm so
happy to be back I've been messing
around with my lighting messing around
with my settings messing around with my
makeup so things might be a little bit
different but let me know how you feel
about the production quality my overall
look and everything and I just went
tanning and I'm sweating and I'm just
really happy to be here like thank you
so much for sticking around even though
I take some days off and shit has been
hitting the fan lately and nothing like
really bad like I'm really happy and
everything just like unexpected things
that made it so that I couldn't record
all the videos and I've been doing my
best I promise you guys let's just
fucking get into it and open some
fucking packages so this is the first
one I got it's a little bit hard here
I've got this and I've also got my
trusty letter opener oh we've got a $25
Visa gift card from Jason thank you so
much Jason I really appreciate that you
did not have to do that and we've got a
letter which is gonna be the best part I
know it
hello again Tara I just had to write a
follow-up letter and tell you how much I
appreciate the reading of my letter last
week it was so awesome and it made my
entire weekend Tahoe I'm so glad to hear
that after listening to your reaction I
wanted to respond to your comment about
people fetishizing you I understand you
are comfortable with this practice
you're such a strong person I myself
must admit when I saw you I was thinking
you are very beautiful so I started
watching afterward watching you connect
with your viewers by using personal
experiences is so relatable and awesome
it's captivating now you could look like
Admiral Ackbar and I would still watch
all your vlogs it's a trap sorry I had
to do that I appreciate you doing that
people haters in parentheses it's really
cute
we'll always try to fit amazing
individuals into one though I say
individuals it's like my face isn't
working amazing individuals into one
specific mold as a way of defining you
but intellect and great personality will
always shine through that is why you get
all these ridiculous
which er handled with class might I add
you might thank you I love the message
you put out I believe in it and I
believe in you if I were a millionaire I
would fund your entire operation you do
not have to do that I would be eternally
indebted to you and then I would feel
like I have to be a slave for you or I
would kind of want to be a slave for you
because that would be amazing and then
it would just be a terrible dichotomy of
awfulness let's not go down that path
okay
let's just remain equals since I'm not I
must follow in the footsteps of another
subscriber please accept this donation
in support of all things Terra a huge
fan Jason you can finish as my BBC all
you want also I like writing letters
it's almost like a lost art form thank
you so much for taking the time and
there's a little note about when he said
great personality while we shine through
it says I know one should never end a
sentence with a preposition but I did it
to emphasize my point please forgive
this stylistic grammatical error no I
can't do it I'm sorry Jason actually
it's quite refreshing to meet a person
who actually knows what a preposition is
so you are completely forgiven to the
point where I didn't even notice it and
you're fucking awesome and you did not
have to do this thank you so much this
the best shit ever you guys are just
like what the fuck you guys do not have
to send me money either way I really
appreciate this Jason you're fucking
amazing and I hope you have another
amazing week moving on we got something
from ope Obi one of my favorite people
in the entire world he has a YouTube
channel which will be linked in the
description so you want to check that
out I'm always having a problem with my
fucking letter opener it's like the
easiest thing in the world to use but
for some reason I have a hard time
getting used to it it's like I'm too
much of a barbarian to actually use
things correctly anything that requires
elegance I'm just like completely
screwed you wrote me a letter hey Tara I
felt I needed to write this letter even
though we talked on what could be
considered a normal basis given your
busy schedule because I wanted to have
something more organic than a DM this is
me in pure form from my thoughts to my
hand to the paper sometimes it just
feels more natural you know I do trust
me the problem here is that I've said so
much already about how much I care and
respect you as a friend and a person
that there isn't that much else to say
that you don't already know I can only
reiterate that every word was true and
real they call it trill in slang all and
it's never gonna change you're an
inspiration to me not only to be a more
consistent creator myself but to improve
myself my physical being and be the best
version of me that I can inside
what makes me gravitate to you the most
though is the way we flow there's so
much we think that's alike but even in
the case of things we don't agree on its
respected differences of opinion and
nothing more we just give off so much
positive energy to one another I agree
with that I definitely agree with that
I am honored that you've trusted me with
conversations that dug really deep into
your personality it only made me that
much more enthralled with you I'm a
believer the people are put into each
other's lives for a reason sometimes
they're there for short moments
sometimes forever but no matter the
timeframe they have some reason or
purpose to be there when they are I
think I know why our passive cross and
I'm confident based on that belief that
we will be talking for a long time the
rest of this is for your eyes only okay
I'm gonna read the rest of this after I
finish the video because it is really
hot in front of these lights and I won't
actually savor this letter but OB you
know I love you youtube.com slash tr3 3x
gaming link will be in the description
if you're lazy as fuck he's awesome and
hilarious next package I don't need no
help a box cutter I just rip it open
oh good head for the ultimate blowjob I
fucking hate these things but I put them
on my wish list as stated on my wish
list because I want to try them in a
video I want to do another taste test
and their sexual taste test which I
think will be interesting for you guys
and maybe I can give these away or
something I don't know how sterile that
is if I've already opened it and licked
it maybe I won't be giving these away
but I guess I'll be giving you guys some
information on what does taste good if
you have a problem with giving head
without a flavor either way thank you so
much for sending this to me and please
let me know in the comments which one of
you sent it to me or message me on
patreon or dis quarter something like
that so let me know so I can give you a
shout out in the video where I actually
taste these mmm thank you all right from
now on we've got boxes to new guy's box
cutter is amazing and it's pink and I
just feel like I am in control of my
life we've got Leif Mario Leif Mario
Wario and I forget her name it's like a
baleen ABS Rosalina Rosalie and I think
it's Rosalina yeah I'm more of a retro
Mario chick but it's Rosalina I'm sure
hello LM T I hope he won't drive you
nuts
I don't get it hello LMT better keep an
eye on this Wario well that's gotta be
for Wario dear LMT princess Rosalina is
much less cute than you
hahaha why does it look like rose Elena
has like the craziest double chin in
this and so funnier
I am Wario my favourite of the box even
though that transformation or whatever
you want to call it of Mario's my
favorite especially in three I just
think a nice evil Wario makes a great
addition to my collection don't you
right there in front of the subscribe
button which you should hit if you enjoy
my content also likes because who
doesn't do it for the likes bang bang on
what is in here holy crap
dear LMT I find this the best game on
the Wii U Super Mario 3d World or nes
remix pack because I would be inclined
to believe you if it was the remix pack
because I love retro games but I'm
pretty sure you mean this one
both of which I'm really excited to play
I've been playing a lot of the Final
Fantasy 13 series and I haven't been
playing much of my Wii U so I'm excited
to get to that good boy rubber tongue
also we have a toad into a flying
squirrel I love it
he's super cute I'm gonna need like a
bigger area for all of these plushies
this is just the best and probably my
favorite thing in this box
I got a skin and depends but I really
like the skin for my Wii U gamepad Oh
actually let's go get my Wii U gamepad
right now I'll be right back yay okay so
what I'm not using the Wii U I do use
this solely as an remote control for the
TV right because I don't have one and
like I just leave it on the floor and we
do eat on the couch so like this will be
a nice way to make sure it's not all
fucked up and it's all retro fucking
Mario which is like the best thing ever
oh my god it's sublime take a level from
Mario it's so amazing this is the best
thing ever and on the back it's just
brown and it also comes with a stylus
which I don't know if you can see but
it's Mario falling down the flagpole at
the end of the level a fucking amazing
good boy rubber tongue for sure next box
do
Oh bitch take my dick use this to begin
rolling together to conquer the world
also before you oh my god is this a kata
Mari fucking doll also before you say at
some point that you don't deserve all
this you totally fucking do you make
everyone's day better you make the world
a better place with love Nixie you liar
I don't deserve this look what I just
did to your perfect pose you still
believe I deserve this Oh what is this
is that it it's gotta be a it's a cock
tomorrow look at it it's a fuck it's a
fucking customer I've wanted I put on
100 of these on my wish list and nobody
sent me one for like months I'm gonna
start rolling up everything in my house
and just completely ruining it and then
calling the maids and being like maids I
caught some I read my apartment I need
you to come here and you know clean it
or something but this is oh I'm gonna
sleep with this I'm gonna have sex with
this I'm gonna stick this up my butt and
I'm just gonna like I'm gonna roll my
innards together with it thank you so
much Nick this is amazing I love it very
much and it's my new favorite thing in
the world just like you thank you Nick
we've got three more boxes and they
happen to be quite flat why are you so
sweating I wish I could like I wish I
didn't have sweat glands and like I just
overheated and got a fever every time it
was a little hot tonight
and I couldn't regulate my body
temperature it would just be so much
better
what is this LMT please arrest me what
is this outfit you guys oh my god I'm
gonna go put it on because I have to I
will be right back ah what is this
fucking outfit people are going to hate
me nobody likes police right now
maybe the lighten up if they see me in
this I'm gonna sneeze ah thought I was
gonna sneeze yeah but I didn't yep
that's the outfit all right this next
one is heavy as shits we're gonna open
anyway because we like shit
we don't we don't like shit oh but we do
like this probably so first thing you
see here is a Yoshi which you can never
have enough of those thank you so much
get off get off there we go he's so cute
what the fuck I already told you to get
off we've got all our tea flask because
fucking merica because this does not
hold enough alcohol to get me drunk
that's why because alcohol poisoning all
the things here are why I have this now
also you've got the TMNT movie which is
a fucking amazing in blu-ray of course
and thank you awesome
the Batman vs Superman greatest battles
oh oh what is he doing to Wonder Woman
we've got a Batman umbrella
well it's Batman vs. Superman and we've
got Batman on the end and Superman I did
that backwards tonight we've got Batman
we've got Superman let's go ahead and
impart some really bad luck on ourselves
what do you guys say let's do it
Oh who's the cutest little umbrella ever
look at this it's like them fighting and
then the fucking logos together
it's so awesome and then then fighting
again raindrops keep fallin on my head
Batman vs Superman though so it's okay
mm-hmm I like this a lot this is my new
fucking umbrella especially because it's
tiny and the umbrella umbrella is
gigantic
and I what am i a fucking elephant is
this a Jessica Rabbit outfit and now I
think I know who this is from but I'm
not hundred-percent and if it is from
who I think it is thank you so much I'm
actually gonna use this for a fanservice
Friday probably but I don't know do I
want to put it on maybe I want to put it
on hopefully it's not too big it is a
medium it should fit let's go try it on
alright so the dress is like not
form-fitting at all like let me show you
it's just like really baggy here which
is like totally not Jessica Rabbit style
at all also I actually cut myself and
I'm bleeding on one of the fucking
sequins but I mean it's alright for like
Halloween or cosplay or something right
maybe like put a corset on and pin it
back in the back mmm blood either way
thank you so much I appreciate it
you're awesome but the future reference
under wraps superior quality costumes
are apparently not that great and the
last but not least package Oh God
from stefank Oh
Stefan you didn't have to get rid of it
ok so these are like magnets
that you put on your fucking
refrigerator to make your fridge look
like a fucking Gameboy look like a retro
like first generation Gameboy it's like
amazing
ah fucking amazing and I cannot wait to
put it on my fridge and I'll post
pictures on Instagram everything so wait
for that you guys are fucking phenomenal
you guys are extraordinary you guys are
fucking fat-ass terrific any random word
that I can use that just means but not
really amazing better than anyone else
in the world I have the best fucking
viewers you guys are just awesome I
would use that word to describe you guys
even if it was made up because you're
just so amazing to me and I don't
deserve you I don't
ok just fucking get over it I hope you
enjoyed this video like it if you did
subscribe if you did all of my links are
in the description if you want to check
out my livestream my gaming channel my
Instagram I have a bunch of merchandise
which is like really cool for men and
women and all in other videos I would
really appreciate that and I will see
you next week with a probably really
really big Friday night male you are
amazing and I'm sweating I just hand a
to look bye guys have an amazing weekend
or I guess end of your weekend because
this is late sorry ba-ba-boom
