hey guys welcome to new episode of Terry
it's Commons this week or today actually
I woke up this morning with an extreme
fucking stomach flu and I am actually
sweating so much right now like I was
switching between having like goose
bumps all over my body and in turn
having really hard nipples which was an
awesome side effect and being cold to
being profusely sweating this is not all
highlighter I assure you
so hopefully today's video won't be
shitty
pun intended let's go ahead and get to
it I just couldn't take any more fucking
days off like Jesus oh let's fucking do
this
I actually had to listen to some Amano
Marth before I did this because I was
not feeling it I feel extremely weak
right now and just totally under the
weather if they can be Vikings with
arrows in their chests I could fucking
do a video right let's do it
maybe this will make the video better I
don't know I wonder if she saw this post
will she have sex with me I've seen this
post confirmed and confirmed I will not
I don't know in what world oh my god I
don't know in what world people think
that if I just see a post that someone
wants to have sex with me I'm like oh my
god an offer I would be having sex like
literally all day and be leaving people
out and that's not being cocky that's
the same for most women even generally
unattractive ones we have it easy in the
dating scene that's for sure great vid
can you make a Jacob satorious
sweatshirt reaction video no reaction
videos are really stupid and I have no
interest in Jacob titurius whatsoever
the way you tell a story is so darn
captivating lo the fact that you have a
great vocabulary and pretty forward
about your opinions is refreshing you
are pretty but your intelligence is
wonderful you Kerry Baker are fuckin
badass thank you so much uncut dicks
look bad in porn ruins an otherwise good
blowjob scene Danny D a lot of the big
black dicks come on guys what the fuck
I'm kind of just better and I have so
much more fun giving a blowjob when it
is uncut I love your bobs and your space
space bottie was supposed to be body or
booty thank you mister DK gamer gamer
with a 3 I wish I could be a true gamer
like this guy when I spell gamer I
usually use an e I'm gonna write my next
screen name in binary nerd alert and my
avatar is gonna be my height displayed
on a picture of a resistor re odd holy
shit my fucking
hair is sticking to my body because I'm
just like sloughing off wetness like
moving on your dad must be pissed off
Lowell so I saw this and immediately I
was like oh my god another generic guy
like slut-shaming by saying that I must
have daddy issues but then I immediately
reminded me of every time anyone says
the phrase pissed off in front of my mom
she would say better to be pissed off
than pissed on and I've never thought
about it before but mom I disagree I've
actually never done that before it's
crazy
Papa titty for the camera that sounds
extremely painful no thank you
what kind of fetishes do you have dude
like what bro she's hot if she's a
Satanist I'm a Satanists I'm not fat
enough to be more than one Satanist
thank you very much adem√°s xp7 with the
amazing quotes list from my binding of
issac best of video mother fuck this
place
fuck me bitch fuck me only die you
fucking bitch fuck this boss in the dick
fuck that fucking took three dicks give
the flower to a girl and reveals his
penis and she laughs cuz it's small that
happened
ha binding of issac one of my favorite
games of all time I have like 500 hours
in rebirth
I'm making my own splooge there's fires
trailers tears suck my ass what it's
like a fat asshole his fat ass is on the
door fuck by the way your stream chat is
funny just a bunch of people saying
stupid random shit I agree but I love
them anyway and I'm dripping down my leg
I think a like legitimately have a fever
anyway I actually said all of those
quotes yes I'm so awesome youtube.com
slash Tara Babcock games go over there
and be a rhombus nobody likes promises
just letting you know we are rhombus
racist I'm actually glad to hear that
someone likes the type of black men that
don't ascribe to rap culture I always
thought that the desire for black men
was only for those certain types not us
artists intelligent gents I totally have
nothing wrong with fetishizing black men
I mean I do it too but not for their
hood rat status further along winded
conversations just kidding maybe SATs at
back I'm sunburned how do you beat
sunburn from fapping too much you mean
like Indian burn did you fap so long and
so hard that you created a fire that
somehow was so potent it had UVA and UVB
rays in it and you sat too long
continuing to fat
so you got a sunburn is that what
happens props I have a nine-inch dick if
you want to see it kick or snapchat me
just letting you guys know in case you
want to see it kick shorts sack 1 2 3 3
2 1 or snapchat brady underscore ross 3
have fun guys I wish he gave his phone
number
you are literally everything I want in a
girl I love the binding of issac love
metal music you are smart you are
beautiful all I feel so dumb riding this
calm I saw this my heart like melted a
little bit just to ground the man you
are so adorable even if you are the size
of a gremlin kind of a deal-breaker
to be under 5'4 which is my height this
is funny and random you should make a
cup movie called tear Babcock I don't
think you're old enough to watch your
content and then he replies why you say
that I want to know if you should
respond in a kind or rude manner manner
like a gigantic house and then some guy
says all to inventively tear a fat cop
and then the original poster says I
could have been the stereotypical
comments a tear gag cock but I like
originality mates here is a high five
for that so jealous you got to go on a
date with papyrus I just got rid of him
heartless why would you get rid of with
piracy 'he's the hottest guy in
undertale come on also don't be too
jealous cuz he totally rejected me at
the end of the date like really me just
kidding but seriously an undertale I'm a
fucking catch what the hell you did back
on clothes Tara Babcock games playing
undertale blind playthrough
jay is the lucky guy yes that is a comon
I saved and yes J is B alright guys I
know I was a little bit shorter than
usual but I am feeling fucking awful and
those were the only comments that I
really saw there weren't a lot of hate
comments because the last video I posted
was kind of just like yay 200k get free
shit and if you haven't signed up for
that yet you should watch my 200k video
watched my Jo I video which is free and
sign up for the giveaway because it's
gonna be fucking huge and awesome I need
to now let go not be here and relax I
wanted to go see a movie tonight but now
I'm feeling like it's not happening also
I'm really sad because I recorded like a
positive only Tara Reid's comments for
last week but the sound was so fucking
awful I just couldn't put it up I
couldn't do it it was too low production
quality and it was the old set up and
everything and so maybe next time I will
do an all positive Tara Reid's comments
it's not gonna be as funny but I feel
like you guys who support me and who are
just like awesome fucking people and not
asshole
deserve recognition too and you guys
seem to think that it's better to be
recognized in a video so why not also
quickly yes my monthly fuckin favorites
is still going on I just didn't do it
last month because yep you guessed it I
recorded it in the audio was awful same
with the QA and everything so we're
gonna have a new QA a new fucking
favorites video for this month soon I'm
gonna be opening a bunch of these
packages tomorrow and I just fucking
love you guys
even the haters and naysayers who make
this content so awesome it is definitely
not a one-woman effort I wouldn't be
able to do it without you guys
see you next time oh my god did I die
