hey guys I'm back and I am so fucking
glad to be back it has been exactly
seven days since I put on any kind of
makeup it has been exactly seven days
since i have recorded any kind of video
and i'm just so fucking happy to be back
and instead of doing a tuesday night
male video i'm going to be doing friday
night male double the size on friday so
a lot of you guys been asking me where's
the F&M oh my god or my presents going
to be there and stuff they will be there
on Friday it might be a long video
hopefully not too long because I can't
do really long videos but today I'm just
going to tell you guys about my last
week and kind of just chill with you
guys because that is what I want to do
today that is what i feel like doing and
I feel like I should fill you guys in
for those of you who are not patrons on
my patreon you probably don't know
what's going on and where I've been so
um I don't want to weird things this
week too but anyway I got a bunch of new
makeup so if I look a little weird it's
because I've been experimenting with
fuller coverage like makeup and
foundation and I got my nails all like
pointy and stuff it's fucking like I did
a bunch of weird shit so last Tuesday
which is exactly seven days ago I went
in to get a mole removed here and to get
this piercing hole closed because I just
don't fucking like them and i also got
my regular injections and stuff and uh
that required that i have like stitches
in my face and like these little little
bandages or whatever on my mouth for
like three days i think it wasn't then
they took out the stitches and there was
still a little bit of swelling and I
wasn't allowed to put makeup on it for
like another day or two and then after
that I started feeling a little under
the weather like I was getting a flu or
something and i was like no I'm gonna
take care of myself we're gonna chill on
fucking fourth of july i'm going to
convalesce and then we're going to go
back to work the next day and it's not
going to be that big of a deal the only
hit that I'm taking is I'm not going to
be doing game release news which there's
not that much coming out in July anyway
so it's like whatever and I'm also not
going to be uploading fucking dark souls
video this week so if you don't like
rambling videos by the way where I just
fucking talk to you and don't know what
the fucking purpose of the video is with
just like life updates or whatever you
might not like this video but yeah I
feel sooo fucking amazing today I feel
refreshed I feel like myself again i'm
so glad to be back i have this
incredible anxiety when I don't do any
work for the day when I don't respond to
emails or when I don't make videos and
when I'm not caught up and if i skip the
day of uploads a dry
me crazy and its really like it's like a
scary oh my fucking god aw what's gonna
happen in my life feeling hold on this
is really bothering me my my okay is it
like in the frame no okay my fucking
ring light was like off center it's
still off-center like now it's office on
it the other way okay that should be
better and if there's something wrong
with the audio I don't know what it is
but I keep getting new audio cables
which completely fixes it and what
happened was I had every single upload
for the next week done but I recorded
like three or four the videos on the
last day before I went in to get the
moles removed and stuff and I was like
really hurrying I'm like okay I'll just
recorded throughout the week when I'm
when I'm recovering from the surgery
stuff I'll just chill and like edit
videos and I'll have videos up on the
vlog channel every single day and then
my fucking audio like poops out and
sounds like fucking shit as a kid and I
can't tell on the computer I don't know
how to look at the things that I'm
recording on the computer like while I'm
recording and I don't know how to like
playback or I can't like access the
memory card for some reason even though
it should just be able to be accessed
because I have the access cable there so
I don't know how to test it so what I'm
doing is I'm making this video and it
looks like the sound that's happening
when I'm quiet isn't that bad so I can
probably cover it up with music but if
there's a weird sound issue it'll be
fixed soon I'm still like slightly
swollen but I could wait no longer like
I could wait no fucking longer and I
have like bad skin now but i'm using
this like new full coverage makeup which
I got on wednesday so Tuesday surgeries
wednesday i had like stuff on my face
like these little day I just looked
weird i looks like i had been through
some kind of surgery or someone had
beaten me up but Jay was going to take
his test to become a citizen his
naturalization test where you have to
like no bunch of dumb shit about like
America that doesn't matter at all like
who was the president during World War
Two and how many years is a senator
elected blah blah blah what do they
represent what is this and that what is
this right in Constitution and it's like
so funny because I didn't know like half
of it until he was taking the test and
he was practicing for it like fucking
crazy he did not want to deal with it
again because if you guys don't know
when you're becoming a citizen it costs
like seven hundred dollars to even send
in an application and then after that
they have a bunch of questions for you
whether or not you've ever been stopped
by the cops whether you believe in like
weird shit
and like when you become a citizen you
have to like renounce all of your titles
from your other country unless you
become like a dual citizen which is like
twice as hard so it's like jumping
through a fucking ton of hoops and for
Jay who doesn't even have an accent
who's been here since he was 13 and
whose parents like God a citizenship
like after he was 18 so he couldn't also
just by proxy become a citizen it was
like really annoying and he just wanted
to get it over with and if he didn't do
it he would have to renew his green card
and like he didn't have enough time now
to renew his green card to his kind of
tripping about it so he was like
actually like he was studying like
actively studying like he was in high
school or something actually cared about
a test it was quite funny and like on
the drive to getting my lick surgeries
and stuff I was like quizzing him and I
was i'm having like a i have like a kind
of like like you know when you don't put
moisturizer on my moisturizer like a lip
balm and then you get like a little cut
in the corner of your mouth i have that
right now time like trying to talk
through it but fuck it you know because
i thought i was getting sick but now I
feel better so yeah anyway so on the
drive to the surgery I was like quizzing
him and testing him and like asking him
all the questions and he got a hundred
percent every time he was still like I
need to Ted I need to like study for it
sounds like come on you're going to pass
with flying colors people who don't even
fuck me speak English past this somehow
and it's like not even that hard so he
goes and while he's doing that because I
can't come in because I'm not like
married or whatever with him and I'm not
like actually family technically I went
and got my nails done I did something I
never do before like I don't like the
color black I don't like long nails as
you guys know I've posted on Instagram
before about not liking it but I wanted
to get the really pointy like claw type
nails and I thought it would be
inadvertently also a really good way to
like defend myself if I ever have to
because if you guys don't know this
about me I have a Taser I have multiple
knives some of which you guys have sent
me i have actually have a gun but I
don't have bullets for X and my parents
won't give me the bullets until I
actually go to the gun range and I just
haven't had time the last couple years
to do it but I've had a gun for a while
and I'm not overly about like the right
to bear arms type of stuff like I don't
even know what my my one hundred percent
stances on the right to bear arms and
stuff like that and having guns and gun
control and all that but I have certain
weapons small weapons legal weapons that
I carry with me because I'm a small
female who
also has a very public career and has
had people come up to her when she's
alone and stuff like that so um I don't
even know where I was going with that I
don't know i love these rambling log's
i'm glad that i can do these
occasionally I'm not gonna do them all
the time there is usually going to be
topic vlogs Q&A is my series is is and
all that stuff but I just wanted to tell
you guys about my week so I went got my
nails done I bought like a bunch of
makeup because while Jay was like doing
his stuff and while I had nothing to do
while I was um getting my nails and
stuff I was watching Beauty videos
because there are some things about eye
makeup that I've always hated and I
either go like drugstore brand that is
like doesn't test on animals or I go
like NYX and NYX is like a lower-tier
brand that's like really affordable but
I really love their lip glosses like
this is an NYX lip color it's like a
metallic like orangie I just love it I
don't know so that is my go-to brand for
lip stuff but otherwise it's just like
yeah and I kind of forget after using
drugstore brand for so long am I like
bleeding I feel like I'm bleeding no I'm
not bleeding I feel like I ripped it was
like painful for a second anyway I'm
after a while of like doing drugstore
brand I forget how amazing like the
high-end cosmetics are and then i just
bought a bunch that was recommended by
like one of my favorite Beauty youtubers
I forget her name um she is the reason i
bought the camera that i have our and
the lens and stuff and I love what the
lens that I was trying but I really
wanted to get her look and that's
another thing that's frustrating me
right now here we go tangential Tara
that's what you should call me going off
on a tangent is that uh I can't get the
look I want no matter what like no
matter how high quality the look is I
can't get the lighting right or
something I feel like it's something
with how high my ring light is or how
like far away my ring light is but I get
these like weird shadows on my face that
don't exist and I don't get that like
overall like blurry skin tone that you
just should get with a good lens and the
right settings and I just don't know the
settings and Jay keeps saying like bring
one of your photographer friends over to
deal with it but like they don't know
anything about videography or the exact
look that I want maybe they do maybe I'm
just feeling like I would have to pay
them or it would just be a waste of time
or i would have to do a shoot or i don't
know why i'm feeling apprehensive about
doing that but i really should because i
want
look that I want and I'm never going to
stop the fucking pursuit of perfection
of my fucking production quality that I
have so yeah that's one thing that's
been bothering me anyway so I went out I
got some makeup I got my nails done and
my toes they're both black but these are
pointy and the other ones aren't I've
liked them so far but they really hinder
me play like playing a game on a
keyboard or typing it's awful when I
type like especially on my fucking awful
ass fucking laptop keyboard I'm just
like I feel like I don't even have
fucking fingers I feel like I like these
hooves and restriction somewhat face
rolling on the keyboard and I keep
somehow hitting caps lock while I'm
hitting shift and it like completely
does the exact opposite of what I want
it makes me want to die so I don't know
if I'm going to keep doing them like
this but I really do like the kind of
edgy feel and the like actual protection
and the fact that i can just scratch
anything i can like oh just like you
scratched my skin off it's fucking
amazing uh and I kind of I don't like it
I don't know I hate it on them before
but I like them anyway so after that I
went tanning and then Jay calls me and
he goes we're actually gonna do my
ceremony today and I'm like are you
fucking kidding me so he's gonna
actually be like ushered in as a as a
naturalized US citizen that same day
even though they say that usually it's
going to be a couple of weeks before
they can actually bring you back for the
ceremony and he doesn't know how many
people are gonna be there and he's like
worried like his worries are so retarded
sometimes like oh my god like he was
worried that they might actually see
that I have these like pieces of tape on
my face and then I look kind of swollen
and think that I am being beaten by him
and I'm his girlfriend or wife or
something and then not give him a
citizenship and I'm like Jay when he's
like it doesn't matter if it's not
probable I know it's not probable but
like at the same time what if it
happened and I'm like oh and like he was
telling me about some people bring their
lawyer to their naturalization like
tests and stuff and like that's probably
why because sometimes they can be
assholes and he was telling me about how
some chick who gave him the test was
like a huge bitch for no reason and I'm
just like oh come on just let me come so
I was waiting in the car and I was like
whatever he's like I don't even care
about this it's not that big of a deal
whatever you just wait and blah blah
blah and I'm like okay i'll just wait if
it's not a big deal to you that I'm
there like it's not a huge like it's a
milestone for a lot of people who like
he came over here actually having like a
terrible life in Serbia because of the
u.s. bombing them so he came over here
on on a fucking visa a travel visa or
something and then stayed because of
asylum right because his country was
like fucking shit at that point and um
like even though that sounds like some
harrowing like amazing like oh my god he
had such a terrible life story he
handles it the way I would handle it
very rationally and it's like us on the
big of a deal and I liked Serbia and
tell the bombing stuff and all that so
like there I know there are people who
have had like really hard lives in like
third world countries and all the river
dreamed of is having a chance at the
American dream and it's like a big deal
for them but like for me watching that
ceremony and for him watching that
ceremony and how long we had to wait
there and like we watched like music
videos during the ceremony with like
fucking the national anthem and like
other songs about how America is great
and like pictures of the faces of
america with like a bunch of you know
different colored people different aged
people differently people in the
military that are you know naturalized
citizens now and they're like so happy
to be part of America and serving
America and it's like I don't feel
anything for that stuff it's like it's
kind of cringy almost and I understand
and I fucking totally sympathize with
people who are like now living the
American dream because they were able to
be naturalized through like this long
harrowing process of awfulness you know
and like that's cool but I have to end
this soon because I can only upload like
15 minutes but for me and for Jay it's
kind of just like yeah something we have
to do or something he has to do in order
to like stay here in order to like you
know have it a little bit easier when
he's doing certain things but then he
also has to like do jury duty and stuff
like that so it was kind of just a thing
he had to do it was nothing that he
dreamt of and it wasn't like a huge
thing that he really wanted to do so it
was kind of cringy and like I have never
there have never been more babies more
babies Oh more children I can't stand
being around children so I was sitting
in the back he was sitting in the front
and there was actually like a German guy
there being naturalized as well and he
was kind of cute his name is like Oliver
or something but anyway um and so they
were in the front and I was in the back
and I'm sitting there just like I can't
hear fucking anything because babies are
screaming all around me and I'm just
like oh why did I come to this why did I
say I wanted to come to this and
one of the kids turns around and he's
like fucking her she's like staring at
me because I look fucking weird so I got
shit on my face I'm wearing sunglasses
inside except no fucking make a box I'm
not allowed to and it's like bright and
for some reason why I don't put makeup
on because I look into a bright like
light to do my makeup that's the time
that I get you know normalized to bright
lights so when I go out in the world and
I don't have makeup on I haven't done
that for the day I'm like oh like if I
sit here and when I did a few no makeup
videos here I'm like oh what is wrong
with my life this is so bright just like
Jay has a problem with the bright lights
but anyway so we do the ceremony it's a
little flag it's really cute and a bunch
of little things and a little a little
like plaque thing that says that he's an
American we're like yeah he's an
American down there like making jokes
but do you feel any different to like
the people that are there and everyone
some people are crying other people are
like singing along with a national
anthem doing that I pledge allegiance to
the flag of the United States of America
meant to the Republic bubble and it's
like oh my god so it was like a really
like nada Tara event and I'm so I'm so
Rekluse these days I don't like go out
into the world and experience was like
family area situations I feel like an
alien kind of its really funny like um
and it was just like texting you the
whole time actually took some video so I
might put that in the video I don't know
how long this is going but yeah so after
that it was just like four days or
however long I had left of the seven
days that I took off of watching I
watched all of the lord of the rings
movies again and then finally for the
first time watch the hobbit trilogy I
really liked that I caught up almost on
the fuckin mockingjay part 1 and I'm
halfway through market Mockingjay part 2
we played through a fucking final
fantasy 13 to all the way which I really
liked with the graphics are awful and
then we started playing lightning
returns final fantasy 13 these are
things that we're doing because he and I
both really want found finish Final
Fantasy 15 in the remake of seven to
come out so it's like what we want to
play right now and I played a little bit
of Dark Souls and it just got a little
bit ahead of where I am the let's play
know like nobody cares about the let's
play anyway I just want to get a little
ahead because I really just want to play
dark souls so this whole time I've just
been wanting to put makeup on I've been
wanting to do
with the things that I do on a daily
basis and I just want to thank you guys
so much for being patient with me when I
have things that I need to do I'm
actually going to get my boobs upgraded
on october and that was another thing I
wanted to do at the at the surgery date
I wanted to actually schedule that and I
know a lot of you guys don't like why
would you get bigger boobs why would you
upgrade your boobs well every eight to
ten years it's very important that you
do that because they could start to leak
because of wear and tear and I had
saline implants which I couldn't get
silicone because I wasn't 21 when I got
them and silicone implants are just far
better they feel better they hold up
longer they're just infinitely better in
every way and they have like stride
they've come strides in the last eight
years that I've had these implants in
technology for implants I'm really
excited to get new ones and it's really
important to me that I do before I move
to Vegas because I want the same surgeon
so I'm not just doing it because I want
to get bigger I wouldn't be doing that
if that was the case and I'm having a
few other just like you know little
fixes here and there but I wanted to get
that over with before I traveled so
everything is just like falling into
place I want to go to a dermatologist
just to make sure my moles are all in
place because for like a long time I did
a lot of tanning bed stuff which I don't
do anymore and yeah I'm just really
happy to be back and that was my week
just a lot of lounging around and doing
absolutely nothing and I didn't do
anything for fourth of July but it's
funny because the part in lightning
returns where there's like fireworks and
you're in like the the use non area
where snow is and there's like a
fireworks festival that was happening in
the game at the same time we had like
the balcony door open and excuse me and
you can hear the fireworks from the lake
because we live kind of close to a lake
and the fireworks that other people were
lighting off and it was really like
fourth of July e in like the nerdiest
way possibly because I'm playing a video
game and not actually going out and
doing anything but yeah it was a really
good week I really love taking time off
but I also really miss like I wish there
was like a way I could do like a half
and a half I wish I could actually take
certain like weeks off but then do
things in between where I'm not just
like taking a week off because i'm
really sick which is what i usually do
or taking a week off because i had a
procedure or because something happened
or because i have to go see my family or
whatever so yeah that was my last week
how was yours how is fourth of july and
don't forget to sign up for the 200k
giveaway because that's really important
oh fuck 17 minutes god damn it I'm not
going to be able to put this into a
whole video maybe I'll just
slightly speed it up for something I
don't know anyway guys I fucking love
you so much thank you for everything you
do for me and i will see you on Thursday
with a new terror reads comments bye
guys
