my heart is racing out of my chest I
have no idea why I don't know if it's
the caffeine that I took recently or if
it's the fact that I'm doing the 200k
video but first things first the Jo I
which is jerk-off instructions it's like
a cute little I'm clothed but I'm
telling you how to jerk your dick type
of thing for the 200k mile mark is on
patreon
youtube.com wait no wait what
patreon.com slash Tara Babcock it'll
also be linked in the description if you
want to go check that out is free for
everyone but it is the last time that
fan service will be open to the general
public just because it was a mistake to
put it on YouTube in the first place and
I really apologize to anyone who doesn't
have the means to pay the dollar to
watch and I really appreciate your
support but for my own comfort and
happiness like this is just how it's
gonna stay anyway with that out of the
way I want to tell you guys about the
giveaway that I'm doing and then we'll
get into the mushy part where I thank
you guys profusely and then look at some
older videos and react to my old videos
it could be fun
oh yeah so the giveaway is gonna be a
huge fucking giveaway at least five
hundred dollars for one winner and you
can sign up for this giveaway by
clicking the link in the description
it's a gleam link which means that you
basically get a bunch of entries by
doing a bunch of little things like
subscribing to my youtube channels or if
you're already subscribed you get points
for that or entries I guess they're not
points so basically the giveaway is
gonna be me personalizing a giveaway of
a bunch of different items for the one
person who wins so after you win and
make sure you use a valid email address
because that's how I'm gonna contact you
I'm gonna ask you to tell me about
yourself
and through all that information like
what you like to do what your hobbies
are if you want to be a youtuber I'm
gonna put together a big tear of care
package that will have a bunch of
autographed images and things like that
in there as well but mainly it'll be
things to make you happy for instance if
you really like games I can get you a
steam gift card if you really like
clothes maybe some clothes from your
favorite store whatever I just want to
try to give back to you guys as much as
possible and now because I have patreon
actually have the means to do giveaways
like this which makes me really happy
because of you guys on patreon and you
guys here on YouTube I am finally for
the first time since I quit modeling
full-time feeling comfortable with my
financial situation and that means so
fuckin much to me I can get to charity
every month again I can do giveaways
every month again and I can do big
giveaways like this so I plan on doing
this giveaway every 50,000 subscribers
so
250 at 300 if I ever get there and at
150 200 etc on my gaming channel and the
gaming channel giveaway is gonna be like
more gaming centered to like maybe I'll
give away a ps4 or an Xbox one or
something or maybe a handheld console
and some games anyway I started this
channel when I was at about 60,000
subscribers on my gaming channel and I
decided that I wanted to stop putting
vlog content on the gaming channel and
make a whole new channel because Toby
Turner does that and I thought that was
a good idea and at that point I was kind
of friends with him you can watch my
Toby Turner story if you want to know
more about that and so he was my
inspiration for making my blog channel
and I had no idea that might feel free
to that video one of my first videos on
the channel would just skyrocket me to
100k subscribers pretty much overnight
my gaming youtube and my vlog youtube
channel hit 100k subscribers within a
week it was really amazing and I just I
couldn't imagine like why I was
succeeding so well on my vlog channel
especially because I don't do the
standard like go around and show you my
day thing because I don't do anything
during my days I don't go to events I
don't go to clubs I don't like hang out
with people I just like work on my
content because that's what I love to do
and I never thought that like my
opinions and my personality or even my
boobs would get me the recognition that
I've gotten and I'm very very grateful
for every single thing you guys have
done for me and I wish that I was more
like someone like Trisha Paytas who has
like this bevy of emotions that I don't
have I'm like I want to cry for you guys
right now I wanna exactly make you feel
exactly how I feel about you guys right
now but I don't know this is as
emotional as all I ever gets unless it's
some kind of like crazy thing that's
happened that I'm just so happy right
now that it's really hard for me to
express any of my emotions and I'm I am
always so real with you guys and I'll
tell you unapologetically who I am but I
don't have the ups and downs like a lot
of other youtubers who are real and who
show their emotions do I don't like cry
often I don't you know get really angry
at other people I don't start drama
that's not something I do so all I can
do is be myself for you guys and I never
try to fabricate an emotion to make you
guys feel like I'm more real than I am
when I'm just being myself that makes
sense more real than I am that's not
what I meant but thank you so much
whether you are
a follower on Twitch subscriber on
Twitch subscriber here of either of my
channels or both whether you just watch
and you are in the background just like
never posting a comment or whether you
always post in comments on how you feel
whether we agree or disagree I just
really appreciate everything you guys
have done for me and it's amazing that
I'm here and I don't think I'll ever get
to a million subscribers when I got my
hundred K plaque I was like oh my god
this is fucking beautiful this is
amazing and if I could ever get a gold
play button for either channel or both
which is impossible it would it would
make my life it's my number one goal and
I'm not working too hard toward it I'm
just trying to continue to be myself and
create content quality content that you
guys enjoy and keep increasing my
production quality and I just I just
love you guys thank you so much I tried
to tell you guys as much as I possibly
can how much I love you whether it's on
patreon or on Twitter just like posting
things on Instagram I'm constantly like
trying to say things that are
motivational and maybe make you feel
better if you're having a shitty day
without sounding sappy and using other
people's quotes and just being cringy
like I really do from the bottom of my
heart appreciate every single one of you
you guys are amazing
would be here so thank you let's go
ahead and watch some of my old ass
fucking videos you want to do that let's
fucking do that I I think that will be a
nice way to make this less cringy
because I am clearly cringe rific right
now let's do let's do my first Tara
Reid's comments because I started that
series on my gaming channel and then
moved over to my blog channel so it's
one of my longest running series all
right so this is Tara Reid's comments
number one on July 18 2013
oh my god the cringy like singing that I
do it's like so awful but my god I look
fucking hot in this video I love it I
remember this is like before I think
it's before I got my nose done or like
right after I got my nose done and I was
just so tan and so thin awesome but the
production quality though is so bad I've
come so far in production quality I was
so like less comfortable with myself
back then so like when I fuck shit up I
was afraid to cut because I felt like
that would be to Cuddy but I really
liked the cutting aspect I just felt
like it was more
but then I would like fuck up in my
speech more often so it was like a huge
catastrophe of me just not being as
comfortable on camera and one of the
reasons why I started doing vlogs and
started talking and started started even
streaming on Twitch was because I felt
like I was very smart on paper like when
I wrote things and like my grades and
everything I felt I destroyed
stereotypes about what like a blonde
bimbo is supposed to act like or how
intelligent they're supposed to be but
then when I spoke I just sounded like a
fucking idiot I used to fake voice back
in the day and it was just really
cringey and awful and now I feel like
I've come so far and I've reached a few
of my goals public speaking wise for
sure no more explaining yeah why would I
read that comments name fine I'm just
like reading every poem and I didn't
even make it funny back then oh man I'm
in StarCraft so much holy shit I really
wish I had the time to be like really
good at it and just destroy everyone who
says I couldn't get higher than Platt I
love how far I've come with this fucking
series so fucking good now I just need
to get that body back ooh all right let
us go with the very first video that I
ever posted on this channel and by the
way I have over a thousand videos on my
main channel which is the gaming channel
and 500 videos on this one I think like
if you want if you are new to my
channels and wanted to watch all the
Tara content that there is you would
spend like years doing it date added
oldest there we go I'm retarded I was
like actually scrolling down okay
vlog sample is what it's called oh my
god just like my iPhone 4 I feel like I
was being so like more professional than
I feel comfortable with you know I'm
like I have a few sickness instead of it
is built like I got a few segments like
whatever fuck it I was so like not my
happiest at this point
during all of the Toby drama and stuff
and I still have the same mantra about
giving back as much as possible to you
guys anyway this video was posted on
August 3rd 2013 so now let us watch the
video that got my channel popular in the
first place it's called feel free to FAP
it was posted on October 25th 2013 and
it was one of the first 20 videos on my
channel come I know it looks so weird I
feel like it's too scripted a little bit
but I still 100% agree with everything
I've said in this video
like it's insane how many hate comments
I got on this but it also has more likes
and dislikes and I feel like if I was
presenting myself the way I present
myself now like effortlessly and natural
and nothing ever feels or is scripted I
feel like this would have done a lot
better and I really do want to make more
like succinct little videos with my like
opinions about things and why things are
the way they are but like it stresses me
to no end I would rather just sit here
and like talk about something fun then
like actually go point by point and then
I forget something that it's very
stressful so I will I resolve to start
doing more videos like this because if I
do get more videos that are popular like
this I could fucking get that fucking
Coldplay button maybe or more people can
see me for you know more than you did
the garbage that most people see me for
initially which is really cool ok so
next what we're gonna do is we are going
to go to my gaming channel which is you
know my first youtube channel and we
gonna go back to the very first video on
that one because I used to just make of
videos where I literally stared into the
camera and made cute faces because I was
so unhappy with my public speaking like
hilarious alright so this is my first
video six years ago
November 21st 2009 and I was in we don't
need sound for this it's it's literally
like two seconds it's literally two
seconds and I was in LA for a modeling
shoot and I just wanted to have some
video up so I was like listening to
fucking tulle it was cringy and I did
like 20 of them and then eventually they
started having themes like you know nude
eye makeup pointless hair video and I
called them pointless hair videos and
that's what I did on YouTube other than
posting my shoe
my photo shoots and stuff like that that
always got deleted because they were too
sexual even though I was wearing a
bikini which is like ridiculous and then
I finally started posting on my gaming
channel on the main channel highlights
and just my whole streams like I would
just post my whole fucking Starcraft
streams like for our videos I would just
post that shit and then I started
actually cutting it up and then I
started doing highlights and that's
where I found my passion for making
youtube videos and I liked it so much
more than twitch and I just loved the
interaction and the the difference
between twitch and doing highlight type
things or like let's play type things
for YouTube so I love both but YouTube
is where my heart lies and it's amazing
I'm honestly surprised at how much I
stand by most of the things that I say
even though I don't portray them as well
as I would today it's crazy here why I
wear cleavage shirts it's so funny only
like 30 videos into this and I'm so much
more comfortable on camera you can tell
but the bangs I fucking hate the bangs I
choose to not have any order to anything
and I know a lot of people like that I
know a lot of people think that that is
more real more natural and more like
we're on a friend level but for me I
just love production-quality I love
succinct enos I don't like spending a
bunch of time in the beginning of a
video before I actually get to the point
I don't like clickbait or anything like
that so like for me I want to just like
if I'm gonna talk about like a penis I'm
gonna say hey guys today we're talking
about a penis then I'm just gonna go
ahead and it's gonna be me just talking
about a penis it's not scripted it's not
we aren't saying like I need to start
doing vlogs more where I'm just talking
about random shit but so that's hard for
me to pick a title it's hard for me to
get interests out of people because I'm
mostly just talking about random shit
not just one thing so I just really like
how its succinct it is to talk about one
thing I don't know I feel bad that a lot
of people say that they like this kind
of vlog where I'm just like rambling on
about anything like I used to in the
beginning but I feel like I've improved
for the better in my opinion and that's
what I shouldn't be doing it should be
going toward my vision and not like
whoever else is saying whatever else and
obviously I want to cater to you guys as
much as possible but I don't want to
lose my voice in my creative tone and
all that stuff while I'm doing that you
know
this is so perfect this is exactly all
of the reasons that I work leave it
shirts I love it oh my god it's so weird
I have like so many lines on my face
back then I don't know if it was just
like the bad lighting or something but I
look older here and so many people say
that they like me better there and I
feel like it's just because they're all
like oh I think it's possibly and you
look like now you have plastic surgery
in your lips even though I did back then
as well dude like oh look Tara or
whatever I'm happy where I've come in
all aspects except my body Fitness right
now that's what I'm working on but
everything else I've improved so much in
my opinion and that makes me so happy
it's like reaching goals it's just a
bunch of hate comments
it's funny how nobody listened to what I
said it's crazy
now that I'm looking at the the fucking
you can see that I'm watching me you
know record myself or whatever the
quality is so much better and that makes
me so happy that you guys have made it
possible for me to increase my
production quality this much and have
like an amazing place to film and oh god
I just love you guys so much
oh fuck those videos going long it's
been 24 minutes and I actually can't
upload more than 15 minute videos
because of my stupid content strike from
fanservice Friday and it's funny because
a lot of people say that that's why my
channel was doing well my my subscriber
like gross actually didn't change at all
at that time it was mostly just people
watching those videos not subscribing
and then going to bash me on other
videos before never coming back until
the next fanservice so it was just like
people didn't see it for why it was
there it wasn't fans watching it and
just makes so much more sense now um and
I have more fun creating it thank you so
much for watching thank you so much for
everything don't forget to sign up for
the giveaway I love you so fucking much
you are everything to me
this wouldn't be possible without you no
matter how little or how much you do you
are amazing don't feel like you ever
have to give me anything other than your
you know unspoken supports and just
watching my content if you enjoy it and
subscribe if you do thank you so much
you're you're just amazing I don't I
can't I do this every Friday because
with my Friday night mail video I'm
always shocked at how much like presents
and like packages and things that I get
it's just ridiculous to me that you guys
do love me the way that you do and that
you know even though a lot of people
stereotyped me and even though a lot of
people have bad things things to say
about me there are so many people so
many core people that care
about me just like I care about you guys
and I feel like it's a it's just a huge
family and it's the family I've never
had because I have a mom and a dad and
that's literally it and they're kind of
like friend parents but not really you
know what I'm saying like they were
really good parents but I've never had
an extended family I've never had
brothers or sisters or a lot of friends
I've always just had the like tight-knit
people and now I feel like I have a huge
base of people who are just amazing so I
love you guys so much I wish I could cry
for you
and show you ha I don't know I wish I
could show you more love but I love you
seriously thank you so much like the
video and subscribe if you're enjoying
the content and I good luck in the
contest you guys are awesome
bye guys
