hey guys today's topic is circumcision
I'm going to tell you how I feel about
it morally how I feel about it sexually
which I prefer and what I think parents
should do and this is actually a collab
with Sanders Kennedy who is a fucking
badass so if you guys would please check
in the description for his version of
this yeah it's going to be pretty
awesome I actually met him through doing
the bullying collab and he's just he's a
great guy very outspoken just a really
cool dude so check them out it's going
to be an awesome video I'm sure I'm also
going to add in a few of my personal
stories about circumcision because I
have had experience with both
circumcised and uncircumcised penises
but first let's start out with the moral
aspect of it do I think it's wrong or
right to circumcise your kids I
personally it's hard for me to say for
sure a hundred percent what I think but
if I had a kid I would not circumcise
them I feel like there are pros and cons
to doing both but I feel like if you
leave your kid uncircumcised and then
make sure he takes care of it and make
sure you take care of it as a parent
when he's a baby
then there's like a zero problems that I
can perceive from having an
uncircumcised penis the biggest problems
that I've seen with uncircumcised
penises are when the man can't pull the
foreskin back all the way at all even
when he's erect it's just like it's not
extra skin it's actually like a hood
that stays over the penis and this is
bad because first of all a lot of women
don't like this and it looks very odd to
women but not just like a sexual aspect
and what's like sexy to people it also
can get a lot of bacteria in there
there's actually like a certain scum
that forms if you don't clean it and if
you can't pull it back to clean it then
it's really hard to clean it and I've
seen a lot of European guys that have
this problem I actually dated a guy for
a while he was in a metal band and I was
a cheerleader it was really cute we had
a lot of great sex but the thing that
bothers me the most about his own
circumcised penis was the fact that he
couldn't pull the skin back and that
made it smell kind of weird and like I
couldn't even imagine like it's not like
he was you know not very hygienic I
couldn't imagine how he could like
optimally get in there and clean things
and I feel like a lot of kids um have
parents who understand this and when
they do have uncircumcised kids they
make sure as a baby they pull the
foreskin back and kind of work it I know
that sounds a little gross but parents
are actually supposed to take care of
the uncircumcised boy
on circumcise the fluid so that's not
too tight because it being too tight or
it being stuff on the top can actually
leave it like these complications that
aren't just about hygiene so I feel like
if you just eradicate that and you just
kind of work it and if it's too tight
you work it so that it can be pulled
back and I'm not talking about like
always having it pulled back I'm just
talking about like like usually when
people are circumcised and our people
are uncircumcised and they have like a
plastic penis they keep the hood over
the head because the head is ultimately
just more sensitive because their whole
life you've had that protective hood
over the head of your penis well I'm
just talking about being able to like
when you get hard the head of the penis
actually comes out of the hood in the
extra skin
I love uncircumcised penises like I'm
not gonna lie uncircumcised penises that
are done right I guess you could say are
my favorite I strongly prefer
uncircumcised to circumcise when it when
you can pull the skin all the way back
and when the erect penis actually just
looks like a circumcised penis with a
little more leeway to the skin because
first of all this is like amazing for
for flight and amazing for jerking your
dick if you can move the skin up and
down you don't need lotion
you don't need lotion to play with it or
like a lot of saliva to play with it
when you're with your like girlfriend or
boyfriend or whatever and it's just like
tons and tons better and I think it
looks better it looks thicker it's
natural and honestly when I see the scar
and you can like it
the scar is visible it's not like
completely in the way of anything but
when you're looking at a circumcised
penis you can see the scar and then when
the man's hands the penis or he just is
tan there's like a little ring of like
lighter skin I guess I would say and
that's like unappealing to me obviously
it's not a deal-breaker I've had sex
with half I guess at least if not more
of my sexual encounters were with
circumcised penises and it's not that
big of a deal but I just feel like if I
was a man or if I had a kid I would want
him to be able to make the choice and um
really I don't agree with the moral
reason that circumcision that
circumcision came about in the first
place which is a religious reason people
didn't like the fact that you could
masturbate if he had the extra skin or
whatever and it was like something that
was done religiously in the first place
and I know that's not the reason lot a
lot of people do it here in North
America these days are aware of
doing it these days like Jewish you know
families or whatever I don't know why
Jewish people do it I don't I think it's
just like a becoming a man type of thing
you get it done when you're like a
certain age I don't know but in America
when you're just like of any faith or
creed but you just live in America it's
usually like a thing that's not even
thought about it's just like yeah let's
do it we live in America or we got a
little boy okay he'll be back from
circumcision it's like there's a lot of
stories I've read where they don't even
really ask you it just kind of happens
and I feel like that's fucked up because
there are pros and cons and it is a
personal decision and it does suck when
you if you grow up and you're like a man
and you're like okay I want to get my
penis circumcised there's downtime
there's more complications when you're
older you actually have to deal with the
healing no sex for a while my
masturbation for a while it can get
infected you don't have someone taking
care of your like tiny little penis that
doesn't see any you know action or
anything it's a lot harder if you decide
to get circumcised as an adult but I
feel like there's no reason to want to
get circumcised as an adult unless you
have the complications from being
uncircumcised um what else is there okay
so it's hard for me to say like there's
obviously no objective morality right so
there's pros and cons and you should do
whatever you feel is best for your kid
if you honestly and strongly feel like
it would be wrong to maintain his penis
or that he could possibly like not take
care of it in his teens and then get
infections or you just think that it'll
be easier for him in his sex life like
that's up to you and it's a personal
decision but for me I strongly believe
that foreskin is the way to go I feel
like most of the countries in the world
that just leave the foreskin there I
think maybe there's Africa also
circumcised at a certain age for men I
think you do I feel like the only basis
I have to go off of the circumcision of
African males in Africa is the could
contain movie the fucking roots or
whatever I remember he was at a certain
age and they were going to do that as
like a rite of passage or something as
becoming a man and it just it feels like
with all religion and with all tradition
it feels so antiquated it feels so non
it doesn't feel necessary it's so
unnecessary to do something like that
especially
us for you know the fact that sedition
has been so ingrained in our society and
we like should or should we do that I
don't I've never met anyone who was born
in the u.s. who wasn't circumcised and
the only men that I've met that are that
aren't circumcised are you know men from
Europe and stuff like that so I
personally strongly prefer uncircumcised
penis if it's done right if it's done
wrong it can be kind of gross and like
unattractive and I was actually watching
a few days ago a Shannon Rose vlog I
hadn't watched her videos in so long but
she was talking about like gross things
that she's done in porn and she was
talking about how uncircumcised penises
sometimes smell bad or whatever and
that's like such a bad vision that so
many American women have about
uncircumcised penises like it's not like
that at all
there are like uncircumcised penises
where you can't even tell unless you
think about it and don't see the scar
and it's just like better who is more
natural and it's more fun to play with
and I can't imagine being like you
uncircumcised penises are gross I feel
like those girls just don't really know
what a penis is supposed to look like or
they're judging them based off of the
flaccid penis which makes no sense like
at all like why would you be judging the
you know I don't know I don't even mind
the hood over the flaccid penis I think
flaccid penises are sexy too I would
just rather see them hard and you know
orexin iron like and manly you know like
that's the the epitome of erotic Ness
to me I don't know Arata tissa t like
toxicity I don't know I had really fun a
really really good time recording this
video I think it was a lot of fun and I
hope I portrayed my opinions correctly I
would like to know what you guys think
in the comments please let me know if
you were circumcised or uncircumcised if
you enjoy it or don't enjoy it if you
have the problem of not being able to
pull the skin all the way back if you
decided to get circumcised at an older
age is very interesting to me because I
feel like you've got to be really really
motivated to do something like that
because it's kind of like getting your
tubes tied as a man you like getting
your fucking what
what do they call this man I don't know
now I can't remember anyway um like you
have a reason to do that like you don't
want kids or your wife doesn't want any
more kids and you guys don't want to use
contraception that's a pretty good
reason to do something like that and it
doesn't actually mutilate and star your
penis so I feel like someone would have
to be very motivated and had like a
hundred American girls in America you
know here from Europe and you move to
American 100 American girls so like yeah
it's a gorilla's because they'd be like
see your flaccid penis or something or
you got some kind of infection I don't
know but yeah
Sanders Kennedy's video is gonna be in
the description also the video that I
did for sex ed about a cut or uncut
penises which is going to be less less
opinionated obviously because it's a sex
ed so it's going to have more facts and
I love you guys so much I hope you
enjoyed this and I hope this was
entertaining for you I will see you guys
tomorrow or in two days from now with a
new vlog I love you so fucking much and
I will see you guys soon
yeah and yes I do not turn down people
just because I have circumcised penises
but I might turn someone down who has a
very very attractive or smelly Tina
scops keep that in mind uncircumcised
guys right
