hey guys oh my god I'm super excited to
tell you something so if you guys don't
know this about me I'm really interested
in a lot of different studies of the
brain and one of those things is dreams
and sleepwalking sleep apnea sleep
paralysis stuff like that out-of-body
experiences that you can perceive
because you have sleep paralysis and
I've always wanted to experience sleep
paralysis and last night I did well
actually during a nap I had today I did
I think and I'm gonna explain it to you
and tell you the story of it and you
guys have to let me know if you've ever
had anything like this happened to you
and a lot of people get really mad and
I'm not trying to you know make you feel
bad about something that you have
happened to you often I had a friend
that had night terrors almost every
night and he would also have sleep
paralysis and he says it's extremely
terrifying and it's like really
stressful and can ruin a good night's
rest and all that stuff and it's
something that people have to deal with
often but I've always wanted to
experience it just to see how it feels
and to know what it feels like and to
know what it's like basically just
because I think it's really interesting
so I no disrespect people have to deal
with this all the time where I like
sitting here being excited about it it's
like when a rape victim has watched
someone saying like oh my god it was
rape it was so good usually I don't care
about that kind of shit because I think
it's stupid but yeah I'm not trying to
take away from any experiences you have
so umm it's weird because I was taking
unisom I think it's called and it's the
the non habet habit-forming version of
the the sleep aid right because I've
been having a really hard time sleeping
and staying asleep lately
mostly because I'll wake up halfway
through the night and then I'll be like
oh my god what's on my phone and then
I'll check and then I'll be like oh my
god there's something I have to respond
to a my email or like I'm responding to
comments and stuff on my YouTube videos
and it's mostly my fault but sometimes
it's not sometimes I'll just avoid my
phone like the plague and only get like
five hours of sleep and won't be able to
fall back asleep and then the rest of
the day I'm kind of tired so I bought
some unisom yesterday when I was out
also buying vodka they probably think
I'm out there trying to kill myself or
something cuz that's what I bought at
the store but I bought vodka for
tomorrow night's well it's probably far
past when you see this video because I'm
trying to get two weeks ahead in my
videos so I don't know when I'm gonna be
uploading this but I was doing and will
be doing monthly drunken streams it's
part of my patreon goals and I got to
one of my goals so now we're going to be
doing fun and drunken streams and me
playing Dark Souls retro games quick
with friends and stuff like that but
anyway so um I got you in a song I took
it I went to sleep I woke up seven hours
later and then Jay and I had some food
and we're watching Snow White in the
Huntsman and I had taken my pill before
I'm taking something I forgot what it's
called but it's like a it's a Thermage
in and it's also a apatite blocker and
it has caffeine in it and what else does
it have in it it's also supposed to
improve your mood and do a bunch of
things for you right so I was taking
that I took that right after I think the
unisom had kind of ended I think you
know so I'm supposed to last like eight
hours so you get eight hours of sleep
but I was pushing it a little bit so it
was like seven hours so I took that and
then waited 45 minutes and ate like I'm
supposed to and then I was still tired
and a lot of the times when I have such
a sleep deficit I'm really tired for a
long time I'm like should we just go
back to sleep let's take a nap and I do
that like once every three weeks or
something but I just really wanted to
take a nap right so I we went to take a
nap and it was at nighttime and usually
when I am sleeping at night I'm a little
bit afraid of the dark and sometimes
I'll have like this irrational fear of
the dark right when I haven't slept
during the night for a while because my
schedule is so fucked up that I'm at
like awake during the night and sleeping
during the day so sleeping isn't as
scary you know and I have this like
weird fear of like someone just coming
into my house and I'm not awake to be
able to protect myself or to be able to
run away and it's like this weird thing
that only happens at night because if
I'm sleeping during the day I'm like I
don't give a fuck and for some reason I
just feel like the night is more
dangerous and it's so fucking retarded I
guess you know people do break in more
at night because you know you have the
veil of night to cover what you're doing
and most people are asleep so no one's
gonna see you but still it's it's mostly
for the most part just ridiculously
irrational I used to when I was younger
run down the hallways I know a lot of
people say that they used to do this but
they would like run down the hallways
afraid of something chasing you when
it's nighttime I still have that
irrational fear so I was having these
really terrible really weird fucking
dreams about like something really loud
happening in my house and I had to go
check it out because I thought that
someone was breaking into my house you
know I'm saying so I had a an awakening
within a dream that was like another
layer of dreams
like in Elysium not Elysium what's the
name of the the movie about dreams
you guys can post in the comments I do
not remember the one where there's like
layers of dreams well I was having that
right so I was dreaming that I woke up
and went to check the door to make sure
the door was locked and went to check
the balcony doors to make sure they're
locked and went back to bed but that
never actually happened and so I was
dreaming that I was having terrifying
dreams waking up hearing sounds checking
the doors and then going back to sleep
when really it was all just one big
dream right so the one of the last times
in the in the darkest darkest of night I
wake up and I can't fucking move at all
and I'm like hearing at that time and
it's not like 10 seconds so I'm gonna
explain like exacerbating League long
amount of time for like 10 seconds but
um so during this 10 seconds I was
hearing the studing on the door and I'm
like I'm a hundred percent convinced
that someone is trying to break into my
house at this point so I'm trying to
yell for Jay but I can't move and I'm
like this okay so I'm laying on my back
and my heads turned like this and it's
like kind of an awkward position but
it's the position that you might get
into during the night while you're
sleeping and that's how I was laying
like it's an I felt like I had a stroke
like I couldn't move everything was hazy
but I knew I was awake and I just like
couldn't move and I was using all of my
strength just like Tara just moved just
moved as yell for Jay and I'm like Jay
gently in my head right and it's not
working and I'm just sitting there like
oh my god and I'm I'm afraid of the
impending the impending person breaking
into our house because that's what I'm
hearing but I'm also not in that like I
don't I don't really realize the terror
it's like in the back of my mind terror
I'm having really a hard time I'm having
a really hard time actually explaining
this but I think it's so fucking
interesting that I want to explain it to
you guys and see if anyone has felt the
same thing so um I'm laying there
thinking someone's breaking in and at
the same time I'm also thinking is this
happening to me is this like weird just
tired feeling where I can barely move my
body or move my body at all is this
happening because I mixed the two drugs
or whatever or because of some kind of
weird reaction I'm having to the unisom
and that's what I'm thinking in my head
and I just can't move and I'm like oh
it's like you're trying to move every
muscle in your body with all the
strength you have but you can't fucking
do it and then finally I slowly like I'm
like tears hair just fucking do it I'm
like uh-huh
move a little bit and then things stop
being is hazy but it's like still the
same realm like I didn't go from
sleeping to awake you know how when you
when you're sleeping you think that
things are really real in your dream but
then you wake up and you're like okay
that's the difference between the
sleeping world and the waking world it
is there is a difference I was dreaming
I don't know like people say that they
can't tell when they're dreaming or they
can't tell if something happened and it
was a dream or I wouldn't used to I used
to I don't anymore but I used to have
these terrifying dreams where it's like
oh fuck I'm like to school and then I
wake up and I'm not actually late to
school and immediately I know I'm not
late to school and it was just a dream
some people say that they actually have
to check their alarms or whatever I
guess they have like deeper sleep than I
do or deeper dreams and I do but I can
always tell the difference so I knew
that the sleep paralysis was me actually
being awake but my brain not fully going
back to being able to move and I'm
paralyzed for a second it was a really
cool experience I was scared but I
wasn't feeling the terror that people
say that they experienced when they have
sleep paralysis so that's why I'm not a
hundred percent sure I experienced it
because a lot of people say that it's
like a debilitating fear that you it
actually scars you and I don't know if
it's just because I I lack the emotional
depth which is something that you know
everyone knows that I've had if you've
watched my videos you know I don't feel
emotions the way people do and I kind of
rationalize a lot of things so maybe
that's what my version of a fucking well
it's called sleep paralysis but it was
really cool I didn't have an out-of-body
experience I can't imagine that like
what just remembering what you look like
in the mirror and then hovering above
yourself and like looking at yourself I
just think it's all very interesting so
if you've ever had any experiences with
night terrors sleep apnea anything like
that it's it's really cool to me so post
in the comments and I hope this wasn't
too boring I thought it was a really
cool experience and as soon as I was
able to move again and realize what was
going on I was like wow I really want to
talk about this in a vlog so I did
hopefully it wasn't too boring I love
you guys like the video subscribe if you
enjoyed and I will see you back soon
with another video bye guys
