hey guys it's a Saturday which means it
is an upload day off but not really
because we've got double the sample box
unboxing and of course featuring my cute
newly clean kangertech sub box nano in
pink matching my hoodie but before we go
ahead and unbox the last two months in
my sample box subscription and try out
my favorite flavor from the pack I have
two really important things to talk
about
we have bad news and good news which do
you want first I think it's always
logical to start with the bad news so we
get that out of the way and then the
good news makes you feel a little better
about the shitty news anyway if you guys
haven't heard what you guys probably
have if you vape there are some new and
unfortunate FDA regulations that go
against vaping that I think are gonna be
rolling out in August that will totally
put a hamper on your vaping experience
your baking business and your ability to
fake I think it is very important that
you are informed on this topic and that
you do everything you can to fight back
because there are things that you can do
so in the description I have posted two
links one about the changes and what
about the things that you can do to help
rectify the changes and maybe change
things in the favor of vape nation so
those are definitely really important
and really informative and I recommend
you check them out also in the
description and here comes the good news
is that the monthly sample box giveaway
has started every month excluding last
month I give away a tear a sample box
this includes everything I got in my
sample box that month so you can see if
we have the same tastes also it's just a
bunch of free liquid why not so the link
to that will also be in the description
good luck vapors and as always I want to
urge you guys to do your research and to
take all of the bullshit you hear about
vaping with a grain of salt instead of
mindlessly believing all the vape
slander I wholeheartedly support vaping
because I fucking hate cigarettes lung
cancer sucks the way smokers smell sucks
yellow teeth sucks and don't even get me
started on chewing vaping is an
infinitely better alternative to smoking
and a great way to quit smoking and wean
off nicotine and just like my liquids
you can also get them nicotine free
let's go ahead and open this on the
inside we have our rating card as always
stickers as always my tasting menu and
our lovely products oh my god I love
this one it's like a pirate Dutchman
baked apple Danish and cinnamon strudels
the cinnamon Sweden let's see what's
actually in this box serial number Froot
Loops cereal and milk that sounds really
good then we have the Dutchmen which is
the one we just talked about which is
Dutch apple strudel freak show the
perfect blend of watermelon and Minh
I love mints hate it with fruit for some
reason and we've got Jamba drink mix
which is strawberry banana and mango I
feel like Jayla really like that one
scorpion which is apricot and spearmint
and snogs cream which is freshly picked
berries and sweet cream a pretty good
lineup I'd say but before we pick the
one we're gonna try this month we've got
another box to open we've got little
sticker it says power to the flavor I
love what these stickers are always
different vape on also a sticker the
rating card of course our tasting menu
and my wonderful tasty baby's tasty
babies why does that sound gross as fuck
anyway what's on the menu Bermuda creamy
assorted fruit champagne that sounds
interesting
Clemenza fried banana and salted caramel
the fuck is fried banana we have to try
this mint delicious triple blast of
menthol I feel like that might be my one
resistor caramel flavored espresso
caffeine free strawberry Jubilee
delicious strawberry with a hint of
cream and watermelon chill watermelon
candy and menthol man which one should
we try 13th Floor Elevators what I think
we can't not be pirates so let's be
pirates this one is the Dutchman baked
apple Danish and cinnamon strudel sounds
fucking delicious so let's just do it
right open her up open this up put her
in there and we're ready to go smells
fucking delicious I'm gonna turn up my
wattage real quick
that's better I think this is one of my
favorite flavors so far
good shit once again guys do your
research I'm helping you out by telling
you about the FDA regulations in the
description and also giveaway in the
description so if you want a bunch of
free liquids from Zampa box once again
click on the links in the description
it's really easy to sign up I appreciate
you guys watching so much and please
quit fucking smoking enjoy the taste of
something sweeter and if you want to
sign up for a sample box subscription
use my code which will be linked down in
the description and on the screen right
now to get money off your first sample
box or vaping kit like the video
subscribe if you enjoyed and I'll see
you next month with another giveaway and
unboxing and taste testing the best part
bye guys
