hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of Friday night mail I am super fucking
excited let's go ahead and start the
unboxing knowing we've got this it says
it's from online store while I'm doing
this I also wanted to thank you guys so
much for getting me to 200k a 200k video
should be out either on Sunday or
Tuesday and the Jo is probably already
out as you're saying this so go ahead
and go to patreon.com/scishow Babcock
where you can see it oh shit this is
some of the vanity planets that they
were gonna send me this is awesome it's
a spin for perfect skin and I've been
needing this really bad because I
stopped taking birth control for a while
and my skin just like fucked me in the
face which is you know where skin
usually fucks you in the face with acne
and it's been awful but this is really
cool thank you for being the dynamite
human that you are we'll split the bill
on your next purchase and your promo
codes fantastic at checkout to get 50%
off you guys can't see it it's too
bright well yeah if you guys want to use
fantastic you get 50% off I'm probably
not gonna use it because I already have
the one thing that I want on there but
you can use it at vanity planet calm so
you're welcome anyway umm this is what
they sent me it's really cool it's like
got different brushes and I'm not really
gonna do a review of it cuz I haven't
done it yet but there's one for like the
feet or whatever there's one for the
face different softness --is and
hardnesses and sizes which is really
cool so it's gonna be able to get all of
that excess dead skin off and all of the
excess makeup which I I leave a lot of
my makeup on when I sleep I don't just
go to bed with this full face of makeup
but I do a very lazy job of washing off
my face so this is actually gonna help
me out and I want to thank the guys at
vanity planet for sending it to me
Thanks
next we have this I bet it's a plushy
and I'm super excited about plushies
because I just redid this whole area and
it looks so much fucking better doesn't
it doesn't it looks so much better
anyway
Oh baby girl all right let's get him
open I know this is coming from Jenny
that's why I'm calling her baby girl and
telling her how much she's fucking
awesome because she was showing me this
is like you wanted I'm like focus that
won't this he's so soft
what the hell he's got like these
fuzzies on them oh and you can take his
little ears out this is the best thing
ever oh my god I actually have to send a
picture of this to a friend because he
always sends me cute shit and I haven't
sent him cute shit for a while so let's
just go ahead and do that live I say
aunt to his last post and then take
photo or video there's one use photo now
let's put the hood on let's put the hood
on take photo yeah there we go
let's put him right here for now oh
thank you so much Jenny you are a
fucking goddess ah next yay a year's
worth of birth control I don't know why
but I actually had my doctor send the
years worth of birth control to my P o
box instead of my actual box so yeah woo
generic brand birth control for a year I
was sick of going to the fucking
pharmacy every month because I'm a lazy
ass motherfucker and I don't go anywhere
so I just had them send me the years
worth to my house thanks guys oh it's
doujins I hope your day is going very
well to answer your question from my
last virgin update yes a giveaway is an
excellent idea I will send printed
copies once the book is complete and
provide digital versions for sale to
those 18 plus I can't wait to help
support you even more you're a huge
inspiration and now I'm back to
uploading once every three days oh
that's awesome
I will post his link in the description
if you want to check it out he's an
amazing artist and he's super badass I
hope to keep impressing you with my work
I've been studying works by Japanese
artists and boy I've learned a lot
here's a few two color covers stay tuned
for weekly updates love jsps to all your
haters if Tara was racist why the fuck
would you subscribe and support a black
youtuber true there's actually at least
two black youtubers that I consider
friends that I subscribe to if she isn't
attracted to black guys oh well get over
it I mean I am just not attracted to you
no rap music watch a lot of black guys
in porn I don't see y'all attacking
black female youtubers for not liking
white guys fucktards also learn to spell
the comments are beyond laughable
they're just sad now
Thank You jazz oh I love it so much
okay let me go back for a note so you
can see it there you go red I watched
him actually do these on his YouTube
channel and there's this one I was
really excited about this one so awesome
thank you so much Jess you are a fuckin
badass I'm gonna actually put them right
here so you guys can see them
speaking of posters oh my god somebody
fuckin stapled it in there oh I have the
one where it's like a picture of a
cartridge and it's like below me and I
want to start collecting 11 by 17
posters and putting them all along the
lines of my new house when I get it so I
am putting things like that on my wish
list thank you so much for getting this
for me it's way higher quality than it
looks in the picture and it's perfect
thank you so much I just can't fucking
wait to frame like everything you guys
send me and like post it on my wall and
have like a board full of fan art and
stuff it's just oh it's gonna be so
amazing when I move thank you
all right we've got a big-ass package
from my little rubber tongue I think
there might actually be some plushies
and candy involves holy fucking crap I
guess I'm gonna be doing taste testings
of the Dutch candy which should be fun
hi LM T hope you like these the worst
heart I've ever seen
arty Peppa Pig poo poo or what are those
supposed to be Peppa Peppa what the fuck
penises or something anyway we've got
drop fruit duo's peppermint coos uns
think they're supposed to be peppermint
kisses and gilsu drops kleinen it'll um
shine get something but the fuck it
looks like sushi I don't know like baby
sushi oh yeah more of the stroopwafels
odd new guys let me stir waffles and now
I have more stroopwafels these are
fucking amazing if you haven't tried any
fucking Dutch candy this is the best
thing in the world and now I'm gonna get
like fatter because I have these also
Jay's gonna steal them from you so we're
not gonna tell him we're not gonna tell
him we've also got muntin drop on us no
deceit I'm really bad at pronouncing
this stuff and we've got something rats
you backed this for me in inter ties
fucking wrapping paper
is this like a what a butterfly what
this is Loula her name's Loula she's a
mini mummy who's really cute does she
talk what the hell are you guys hearing
this book she's insane like a psycho oh
so cute though
oh you've got another flying Koopa oh
it's a big house parents I love you I
love you - rubber tongue sometimes
sometimes I despise you but this is
really cute
we have tales of zestiria for ps4 nice
with bonus content i started playing
this on pc but i feel like this is more
of a game that are we playing on ps4
anyway on the couch just chillin because
our PJs like this are usually really
really long and I don't think things
like Final Fantasy 7 would make for a
good let's play unless I'm just like
running through it or making like a
hundred plus episodes next thing we have
these bears are so cute and soft rubber
oh my god hey where's plushy oh I didn't
think you'd get a worms plushy oh my god
Kimmy
now I'm bison as a kami it's so cute
she's even smaller than him I fucking
love it and then there's oh yes oh my
god I'm a Goomba oh this is the best
fucking present Oh
- Zelda amiibo ah awesome my fourth
amiibo and the best part the best part
my fucking lemming oh my god I have to
get him open yeah let me this was one of
my favorite games growing up I played
this shit out of lemmings so I really
loved this when I saw this on the site
the rubber tongue showed me with all of
the gaming merchandise I was like fuck
yes right now please he is so fucking
cute he talked oh my god this is the
best thing ever no penis though do they
not have penises or they like namekians
or is this just an anthemic Lee
incorrect a doll either way I love him
so much I should dye my hair green and
wear like a blue dress like this but
like with my tits cut out of the dress
and then like pasties on yeah yeah all
right here's what we have next one of
those things where I can pull it open it
says and it's all like printed like way
high up
weirdly hey Tara longtime fan first-time
sender I always love to watch your
videos and was amazed when I found out
you like magic as well your videos
always brighten my day so I wanted to
brighten yours love Nixie oh thank you
it feels like a doesn't clash pact it
feels like a clash packet totally does I
was thinking about getting back into
magic again oh yeah these are always
gonna be playable so I fucking love it
because a bunch of these cards in here
actually legacy and modern playable so I
really appreciate that thank you so much
anyway I was thinking about getting back
into magic because I saw a spoiler
saying that there might be a little iana
and J like what crazy he's like oh my
god Lilliana a new Lilliana and I'm like
you know I really miss it now that it's
like 1 or 2 colors it really makes me
want to play because there's no fetches
and it's just oh I miss it a lot and I
haven't gone for a while but the I do
going to like a GP or something big
right now really attractive anyway thank
you so much Nick you're amazing
next package of doom hi Terra enjoy your
gift from Stefan all the way from Norway
oh yeah monster Musume everyday life
with monster girls tentacles involved
thank you so much what do world
governments do when they learn that
fantastical beings are not merely
fiction but flesh and blood they fuck
their titties and yeah just take out
lights for my collectibles this is gonna
be awesome I'm thinking about until I
move using these to like light up my
background a little bit but after I move
I'm gonna use them to light up all of my
collectibles cuz I have a ton of fucking
figure statues and things and I want to
get like a glass case or put them on the
wall and then light them up behind me
it's gonna be awesome
oh thank you so much thank you Stefan
you're amazing next BAM hi Tara don't
let your baby get dragged off by his
alligators for the record I do not
approve of the like massacre of fucking
alligators that they did but I don't
like to talk on topical things or even
follow the news because it makes me mad
he's so soft I'm gonna
I'm in favor of all of the alligators
who lost their lives so soft he's like a
really soft thank you so much he's the
whole face couldn't drag anyone off into
the water so fucking adorable Thank You
dawn
alright we've got one more squishy oh
he's my angry little show you
Bua I really love these Japanese import
plushies and he's so soft to it some of
the soft plushy say they're also fucking
soft I'm gonna have to find a place for
him on the evil side if you haven't
noticed most of the things over here are
evil save a few Yoshi's and then over
here is the nice side kind of I don't
know I just wanted to make them look
better and now the chair looks better
and I have more additions thank you so
much this is awesome he's got a little
tiny tail or penis it might be a penis
he would never poke me think you think
you think you think you think you think
you think you thank you thank you
it is a plushy fucking amazeballs in
here oh my god it's like 10 things to oh
come on Stefan sent me all these things
you don't want to send me so much love
you would know if you played Mario and
we've got one of the little fucking
assholes that jumps out of the wall and
these are all like awesome Japanese
imports by the way this is just the best
oh I just like threw one of them at my
camera hopefully I didn't fuck my shit
up he's so cute and so aged look how
Asian also if there's ever a tall guy
with a big asian cock and like all Asian
girls call me you're all hot you have to
find places for all these guys also
we've got some Dramamine I'm gonna use
these for my fucking problem with
first-person games maybe I can finally
play more Far Cry primal and we've got
these which I have been like desperately
needing so I don't need to cut it okay
like okay I hope to show you what this
is so it's a set for clipping my
eyebrows I need to like brush them up
and then clip them at the top to make
them perfect
I want my eyebrows to be on fleek every
day so this is very hopeful thank you
and it also comes with a black lipstick
should I try it on should I do it should
do it oh my god should do it oh my god
let's do it selfie time
all right where were we thank you so
much Stefan this is awesome I kind of
like black lipstick I think it looks
really good especially with my super
white teeth nice to switch it up right
what do you guys think about the black
lips let me know alright we've got our
last box here which is big but very very
light oh my god
oh you told me we're gonna get this for
me this is awesome I'm actually gonna go
put this on because I think it'll be hot
with the black lips don't you guys let's
do it this is amazing
Luke I am your mistress this is
seriously like one of the best things
ever I love it thank you so much you did
not have to get this for me but this is
way better than the stormtrooper one so
strawberry bomb was like ripping as soon
as I was putting it on and it was just
like kind of low quality but this one is
amazing best way to end this Friday
night mail this is just fucking awesome
I was right about the black lips in this
outfit wasn't I you can call me Anna
Skywalker I was born for the dark side I
love that it even has the cape and
shoulder pads alright guys thank you so
much I really appreciate everything you
guys do for me I do not deserve this I
am not worthy a Dianna as always that's
how I feel I just can't believe how much
you guys love to make me smile and
support me and do great things for me
and these gifts are like beyond this
fucking world thank you so much now I'm
gonna go eat some soup bottles while I
edit some videos and get so I can't fit
in this outfit thank you so much if you
enjoyed please like the video please
subscribe to the channel it helps me out
a lot and post in the comments what you
think especially about Tara Vader Darth
Tara I am your father
it was a lesbian relationship I was the
man alright guys thank you so much I
hope this brightened your day as much as
you guys have brightened mine you're
amazing
see you next week with another Friday
night mail bye
