hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of sex ed with Tara this time we have
something really cool we're going to be
unboxing and reviewing xxx awfully or
xxxx awfully however you want to
pronounce it it's basically like
monopoly but a sex game anyway I thought
this would be cool because if you are a
gamer like me which a lot of you are you
enjoy tabletop games card games and sex
and those two together are just a gnarly
combination the development company of
this game was nice enough to send me a
copy to review and also nice enough to
give you guys a promo code so if at any
point you are interested in buying this
game or just checking out more
information on it links and promo code
will be in the description check it out
if you get a chance I'd appreciate it
anyway let's just go ahead and take a
look at this game I'm super excited
because I totally want to make J play
this with me on the back it says xx
awfully is an erotic game to be enjoyed
by intimate couples explore each other
in ways you have never dreamed possible
xxx awfully will bring you closer
together both literally and figuratively
you will learn about each other every
time you play and find new and exciting
ways to enhance your sex life if you've
never played an adult board game before
then you're definitely in for a real
surprise many players make up their own
rules to keep things interesting that
last part there made the gamer and me
cringe but hey all's fair in love and
sex board games right moving on it says
game contents xxx Apple II is a
two-player adult sex game that
encourages couples to try new things the
box includes board dice game pieces
money sexual Space cards hot and heavy
cards erotic chest cards and time chips
game board the game board is divided
into four sections you keep moving
around the board trying to purchase as
many sexual spaces as you can if you
land on a sexual space is owned by
someone else you perform what is in the
space each space constitutes sexual
action ranging from kiss all the way up
to having intercourse for short periods
of time so you basically get to tease
your partner with this it's awesome
there are many other erotic activities
such as massaging licking sucking and
more don't think you'll get off that
easy though be prepared to partake in
some good old-fashioned truth or dare
this will surely keep things interesting
to make sure that you're fully in tune
with your better half sexual space cards
the more space card to purchase the
bigger advantage you have to get your
opponent to perform more sexual acts you
can buy blocks of time to increase how
long your opponent needs to perform or
you can make them pay you rent you
haven't fucked me in five days ping you
rent I'm sure that's not how it works
erotic chess / hot and heavy cards hot
and heavy and
brought a chest card to give you the
opportunity to spice up the game these
will be used to level the playing field
and stretch the limits of your sexual
experiences this is gonna be really
hilarious we gotta get this open like
right now guys if you're watching this
make me a sexual Stratego or how about a
sexual version of Magic the Gathering
there have been times I wanted to fuck
my opponent in magic taking the top off
you see the rules game contents and
other things just a simple piece of
paper the next thing we have is the game
board which looks like an erotic version
of Monopoly basically let's see what
kind of spaces we have grand-dog parlor
missionary worship then we have the
erotic chests and hot and heavy spaces
strip club remove clothing or pay $50 go
to SM Chamber do not pass orgasm not
collect ball gag the lake festival
world's rare red light district Las
Vegas is a place you can own on here
sensual sucking sucking streets that's
where I live I see nipple delight and it
only costs two hundred and eighty bucks
anyway enough about the game board let's
take a look at the rest of the pieces of
the game inside you can see there's
money erotic chess and hot and heavy
cards silica gel which if you eat you
gain superpowers the power to die of
poisoning don't ever eat these and
sexual sparks cards we've got little
chips and we've got the him and her
player tokens and an obligatory set of
dice which I personally don't need
because I'm overflowing with dice of all
colors and awesomeness --is anyway let's
open these up and see what kind of
things we would have to do with our
partner these are so hard to open why
all right we've got first kiss gentle
kisses to your partner
no tongue allowed sensual sucking sucker
nibble erratically on your partner's
nipples don't buy too hard unless they
like it second base massage your
partner's nipples tasty tummy treat do a
body shot off of your partner's navel
we're just going to ignore the fact that
they spelled navel wrong stand a
direction perform oral sex on your
partner where they are standing up good
eye contact never hurts Cat Scratch Club
both partners have sex while standing
try it over the side of the couch
against the wall or with the man holding
up the woman so part of this video is to
review this product I think the games
like this are exceptional in keeping
things hot in the bedroom I feel like if
you want ideas or you feel like you want
to just have fun you don't necessarily
have to have already stagnated in bed
it's always good to switch it up and
experiment and just have like nights
where you just want to chill and have
sex for a long time with your partner I
this is great for that although the
spelling issue does bother me a little
bit it doesn't decrease the overall
effectiveness of what this product is
supposed to do another thing I don't
like is that it's only for two players
and clearly only supportive of male and
female partnerships not female female
male male orgy situations I think this
game would be immensely more valuable to
someone like me if it added the option
to have a third person or a fourth
person or up to six people and it would
also be a great way to break the ice if
you are having a hard time initiating a
threesome or doing something sexy with
your friends for regular domestic
couples that are just one male and one
female I don't think it would hurt
because I could totally see myself
playing this with a girlfriend
let's go ahead and take a look at the
hot and heavy cards give your partner a
butt massage work that ass vampire kids
have your partner give you a hickey in a
place you choose play with yourself for
two minutes during this time your
partner must pinch and squeeze your
nipples you must pay your partner $100
if you can't take it this definitely
sets this product apart from something
really stupid to something actually
really inventive and fun next we've got
have your partner wash their feet now
recite the little piggies nursery rhyme
with a corresponding toe in your mouth I
feel like the washing feet part takes
you out of the sexuality of it a little
bit it's not essential if you have to
think about your partner having dirty
feet also if you're not into feet you're
usually not in defeat not just because
you think they're dirty kamasutra
positions splitting of the bamboo this
is probably my favorite thing about this
game the fact that it's showing you new
positions because I think that's
ultimately extremely helpful you can go
online and just look at a book of all of
the Kama Sutra positions or you can look
up new positions or watch some porn or
something but this basically gives you
more incentive to do these things and
try new things
because you're forced to do it in a game
and it's gamified I actually took a
course on gamification in the workplace
and I think that translates over to
sexuality to candy mountain put
something sweet in your partner's body
wherever they want and then proceed to
eat it off them oh you've been naughty
you have your partner lightly spank you
for 30 seconds where's the part of the
spanking isn't light all right now let's
do some erotic chest this is the first
one I get herpes scare lose one turn
fuck okay I like that they're actually
keeping it light-hearted - nothing wrong
with a herpe scare in a game I've played
honey camstudio send your partner a
dirty text message sometime within the
next week
you must surprise you partner with your
request - one point again for the
grammar
have your partner blind
you stand in the middle of the room
while your partner teases parts of your
body
I love the teasing aspect of this game
and I love that the game can also turn
into actual sex red light party move
your piece to the next red light
district if on own purchase it for 50%
off so these are like the railroads
choose nickname for each other's private
parts for the remainder of the game you
both must refer to them by that name if
one of you forget that person oh is an
article of clothing or $50 to the other
person confess your partner your top
three celebrities you would sleep with
then have your partner do the same so
this is a truth or dare aspect oh you
got the different-colored money with
handcuffs on it to make it a little
kinky er and there you have it folks my
unboxing and review of xxx Apple II
again if you want to see anything more
about this product links will be in the
description as well as a 10% off code if
you and your partner happened to want to
buy this product I personally think this
is a great way to just spice things up I
feel like it doesn't have to be
absolutely perfect it can just be
something like a game like this that
forces you to try new things because you
never know what you don't like and do
like until you try it and playing games
like xxx ah Polly is a great way to
explore each other and I think it's
really sexy to sometimes just have
things out of your hands you know what
I'm saying like just go along with this
game and don't worry about what position
to do how to turn your partner on that
night whether or not they want massages
just let the game tell you as for
building trust and getting to know your
partner better I definitely think this
is a great way to do that because of the
truth or dare aspect because of finding
out about each other's bodies and you
can be forced to do certain kinky things
without instigating it yourself and
making it awkward with your partner
through this game so it's a great way to
find out what he or she does and does
not like alright guys I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did please like and
subscribe to the channel and I'll see
you guys in two weeks with another sex
ed with Tara next time you see me for
sex ed we're going to be using the book
sex for dummies for a little inspiration
see you guys soon and keep fuckin GameA
