welcome to new episode of darks swole
motherfucker that's alright we're gonna
go down we're gonna kill some bitches
we're gonna fuck some mothers and it's
gonna be wonderful
oh fuck me in the butt oh oh oh my god
he's throwing bombs at me what the fuck
you fucking asshole literally come over
here and suck my fucking ass I think I
get thrown up there oh dude he fucking
kills me really oh my god you fucking
bitch Oh bye fall down read message try
tongue oh that's a dude that's a
motherfucking dude becomes very fast
I don't even believe in it says please
educate the babies suffocation warning
plastic bags can be dangerous to avoid
danger of suffocation keep this bag away
from babies and children
I don't think babies or children can fit
into this bag shouldn't they be
hazarding against the tiny pieces that
you can choke on more than this tiny
plastic bag how can I do this
Oh without killing myself the question I
ask myself at least 10 times a day
alright I have no idea what this could
be if it's an extremely long package
it's like almost my height and I'm a
little bit scared
look at his face look how cute he is
he is just ready to move that shit
through to your rectum isn't he yes I am
I'm fuckin weird I know I am Michelle
Khan bow to me oh my god this is so
fucking huge and amazing and I'm just so
fucking excited oh my god oh my god
thank you so much forever time like this
is the best gift that anyone could ever
get me because of how fuckin much I love
Shao Khan and this is outstanding mmm
he's so fucking perfect Wow if I was
having one of those combined orgasms and
someone broke into my house with a gun
I'd be like hold on wait wait just let
me finish wait wait I don't even know
who you are
come join whatever kind of like that
you
pipe I mean I am kind of a sexual
predator right not in the whole like
when I'm new in the neighborhood I have
to go to your houses and tell you that I
might fuck your kids kind of way but I
know like I know what I want and I try
kind of hard to get it kind of way okay
so when you get ten implants right
usually you have no tits so the skin is
like nice and tight and firm and it's
just like implants and they're like
perfectly round and symmetrical and and
firm and nice but also soft and that's
just like a visual that I like a lot
it's like a very thin chest and like
torso and ribcage with not that much fat
on it and then some nice tits just
sticking off perfect totally wasn't
itching my ass just now I promise
another promise broken it's not a
terrible if she's not going water every
30 seconds of every video ever I don't
drink that much water come on maybe I do
but come on guys I have to be guzzling
something I really wish my neighbors
would not walk in the hallway past my
place and I'm trying to make a fucking
video I should just like get in the
habit of every day of every week when
they're doing that just get naked and
open the door and just stare at them
that is a nice asshole
alright girl I don't give a shit about
her God
alright you helped me because I was
doing nothing good ok oh you're so
annoying with the shield can you shut
the fuck up what shield your shield I'm
not using a shield yeah you are yeah
I'm not using a shield take a look at me
hold the button hit throw it yep
threw it did you throw it no on yours
you didn't okay well here it is do you
see it that's really weird
where am i I've got this I'm just
fucking gunning it motherfucker don't
give a shit
Yolo Yolo fuck you fuck you motherfucker
yeah that's right yo fuckin lo bitch oh
my god fuck you oh my god I hate you
where did you go where did you go oh my
god I'm gonna kill you oh my god oh dude
hold on oh fuck it on Oh
where
I don't know where he went I checked
freaking everywhere where did he go cuz
I can't really talk ten minutes about
what I would do with a penis for a day
because clearly it would just be dirt on
people's faces fuck people in the ass
fucking in the vagina decide which is
better and you know have sex have
straight sex have sex with multiple
people at once I would just do a lot of
things with my penis I would have sex
with my couch specific teddy bears on
this chair here from the Nintendo you
know everything like I would have
Nintendo sex right here would be
wonderful I would do a lot of really
depraved things with my penis if I only
had a penis for a day you got to catch
up with all of the fucking stupid shit
that men do in their preteens and
teenagers but hey guys I'm going to it
completely ignore the fact that my
reactions in the way I look at character
and uniqueness to my content and just
bash anyone who uses a face camp you try
to seem deep this makes me such a good
gamer I'm actually probably just really
ugly and have nothing to offer as a
personality god I hope I'm actually good
at this game
anyone can play a game but your face and
your personality is what makes it your
gameplay experience and people want to
share that with you that and it's kind
of ironic that these types of channels
call out fake gamer girls when not
having a face can makes it much easier
to fake gameplay hmm have been behind
come on ooh Madonn tears face look at
those tears I am so tired of fuck boys
like every time I expose my ass cheeks
fuck boys just come out of the Woodworks
and I'm like no no more fuck boys I want
a real man to settle down with me and I
thought the way to do that was to expose
my ass cheeks
so you are prostitute you do know that
you are classified as a prostitute so if
I talk about sex I'm a prostitute
God alot of people think I'm a
prostitute man trust me I've nothing
wrong with prostitutes if I wanted my
sex life a little bit different weave
like rabbits and shit in society was a
little bit different and I could pick
and choose exactly who I had sex with
how my fucking cock what better way to
make money than having sex like really
coming over those big juicy fucking tits
it's like I'm already gonna do it might
as well get paid right I might stop if
you don't let me peg you Tara someone
said you hate black eyes is this real I
actually reply with a serious response
and say I don't like ghetto guys of any
color I have no problem with BBC
Aragon she said she'd be a prostitute
here wanna swap
