the show works is it gonna work fucking
ha it's working oh my god one day you
set up and I got the fucking whole
YouTube set up right here on stream I
don't know why I never thought to do
this before you'll see it's gonna be
very very similar to the regular Friday
night mail it's gonna be really fun
okay guys welcome to the stream hall let
me get everything all set up I'm gonna
make the first half of this or the first
portion of this be as Friday night mail
esque as possible because I feel like if
you come here for the cut down draw like
oh you want the questions answered you
want the giveaway whatever the fuck and
then you want the packages opened
I'm gonna do that and then afterwards
we're just gonna kind of hang out
freestyle ask questions and stuff like
that so welcome to Friday night mail
number 105 the special live Holiday
Edition I'm very excited because oh my
god I've been having this problem I
don't know if you guys want to hear this
but whatever it's my fucking live show
okay I've been having this problem with
a guitar Smith Rocksmith wherever the
fuck where I'm trying to download these
custom songs it's only been happening
for the last like five hours but at the
same time it's a victory nonetheless so
I'm downloading all of these things from
like the custom website the the ones
that aren't actually available the songs
that aren't actually available as DLC
and I'm downloading like Slipknot and
tool and stuff like that and I'm putting
it into the correct folder and it's not
working it's not showing up on my
fucking Rocksmith so I'm like really
annoyed about it but yeah you guys
shouldn't need the music lowered I've
actually I've checked it pretty well but
I'll lower it a little bit on the left
but otherwise I'm pretty sure I'm like
really able to be heard you know I'm
saying okay so the first portion of this
we are going to congratulate as always
the last week's giveaway winner
congratulations Maddie J if you guys
want to sign up for this week's giveaway
link as always will be in the
description down below even on the live
stream so if you guys want to do that
right now take advantage of that why not
Congrats Maddie you're a bad
and then we're gonna go ahead and take
your questions so if you have any
questions save them okay so you can
super chat right now and they'll like
stay on the page and I'll be able to
look at them later but if you want me to
actually respond to your questions that
are just going on the screen wait until
after I've opened all the packages and
everything and then we'll do like the
freestyle queue and and stuff but I have
the three k the three questions from
last week's FM this is so cool I I this
is like so simple like I should have
thought of this I do shit like this on
my twitch stream all the time which TV
flashed a bad pop but um yeah I never
thought of overlaying this stuff I was
like but it's not gonna be the same
because I'm not gonna have the
congratulations for the winner but lo
and behold the first question is from
rainy day question what does heaven and
hell look like to you that's very hard
being an atheist I didn't actually think
about these questions before I decided
to take them I never do I just like I'm
like ah that's okay and then I save it
into a folder and today I've had a
little bit more time to look at it but
if I'm talking about like what would be
my heaven like my greatest time I can
have in a certain area that would be
what heaviness to me not the actual
mythical place I go to as an afterlife
as I've been a good girl
so my heaven when I talk about it I've
talked about like Harrah's Utopia before
but my heaven would be a place where
basically I just get to do whatever the
fuck I want I'm happy I'm healthy I have
all the people I love around me I don't
have to interact so much with people
that I don't like if I don't have to on
a daily basis but I would like to go to
a place kind of like a magic gathering
event I would like to go to a place
where I can have like a healthy civil
debate and no one's allowing their
reactionary emotions to get in the way I
think that would be really fucking cool
and then of course everyone's sexiest
fuck I have my perfect body which is
like boobs from today and my body from
when I was 19 which I will get back to
and I'm gonna improve upon because I've
been doing squats wasn't doing weight
training uh stuff like that so my body
was really good when I was younger but I
would have liked to waist-train which is
something I'll do when I get down to a
certain size and I would have liked to
weight lift more um I would have j as he
is now he's pretty fucking perfect
and all the dicks that I want anytime I
saw a youtuber that I wanted to fuck her
any time I saw anyone that I thought was
attractive I would just be like hey and
then would okay so they would still be
individuals right it would lead me down
the like fun chase because I feel like a
big part of what's fun about you know
having sex or building a new
relationship with someone is the chase
so they would lead me down the chase
that they would lead me down if they had
complete autonomy but and they actually
liked me that that's the caveat they
can't be themselves because if they
don't like me and they have to like me
you know what I'm saying that would be
fun but obviously this world is like a
sci-fi world I would be able to enter
into VR versions of my favorite video
games like literally at a moment's
notice it would be like you know I'm
Rick and Morty where they have that like
person simulator and that one episode
where he's in an arcade and it's like
super futuristic and you actually live a
person's life I would want to be like I
want to be Sonic today oh my god I want
to be in Dark Souls today that's there's
so much more I could go into but my hell
would be probably a communist country a
communist country where I look like a
feminist and and I'm not talking about
the the Pope in communist socialist
countries that people talk about having
not existed yet I'm not talking about
that I'm talking about just a place
where everything I do is being monitored
and not just monitored I don't care if
someone monitors me I've never
understood why people are all like holy
shit oh my god you know this company is
sending your information to make your
ads more fucking personal I don't care
about that shit you know like but um you
know kind of like China's Facebook
doesn't China have a separate Facebook
were they like
watch for blasphemy type things alright
thanks for the question that that'll
fettle that'll be enough their next
question is from Carla duenas she says
question do you do you MJ go to strip
clubs how do you feel about that my
husband and I enjoy going to strip clubs
but I sometimes I'm let down to the lack
of attention the dancers will give
couples over the single guy I think that
makes sense like when you're
a couple at a strip club obviously
you're gonna have your wife sitting
there and if that's not enough to make
you feel uncomfortable as a sexy girl
going over and like feeling up on her
man it's also the fact that the wife
will be there to be like don't you dare
give all of our fucking savings to this
whore you know like because even if a
girl is okay with the whole situation
where there's like a stripper dancing on
their man which is fucking cool kudos to
you for not being all fucking possessive
I kind of like possessiveness it's a
double-edged sword for me but anyway so
um you know guys will do things for the
favor of a beautiful woman but they're
not gonna do that as much when they have
already have the favor of a beautiful
woman or they have that favor sitting
right next to them so from a business
standpoint it makes sense I would say
that if you dress more like them and you
behave more like them you'll probably
ease their fears of like a jealous
girlfriend or something because you know
even when you see a woman in a strip
club you kind of have the apprehension
like oh she probably just went there on
his birthday and she is not enjoying it
she's just doing it for him so if you
show that you're like that kind of girl
I feel like that would be cool J I don't
really go to strip clubs that often I
feel like strip clubs honestly for me
are a waste of money
I don't really want to put money into a
girl just like grinding on me or
grinding on Jay and it's like they
expect a lot of money to it's just feels
it feels not my ideal I don't know like
I would go and I've gone to a few strip
clubs with like friends and stuff and we
would just sit there and like chill and
it wouldn't be about the the sexual
aspect it would just be like ambience or
something and we'd be like hanging out
or we were like I we're drunk
downtown let's just go and hit up the
strip club strip clubs in Seattle and
strip clubs in Utah the two places I
have done strip club
the girls aren't that great I really
want to go to a strip club down here
there was one down by the range that I
went to it's like literally right next
to the rage it's like gun range today's
and it's like the biggest titty place
I've ever seen it on the front it says
biggest biggest strip club in Vegas or
something like that I kind of want to go
down there because I feel like the
chicks in Vegas that probably make a lot
more money so they're probably more
attractive though I might actually might
actually hit that shit up
you know everything's fine right like
you guys can see me there's no like flag
you guys can hear me everything's good
yeah okay I think I think things are
good you guys seem to be responding to
what I'm saying is that last question
and this is gonna be one that's not
popular with you guys oh my god Joey
thank you so much oh I will answer your
super chat question later okay I'll do
that at the end but BAM and I won't even
be at the end of it'll be like in 15
minutes so a little it's the Squatch
says question what are your thoughts on
the FCC repeal of net neutrality I'm
gonna have a very different approach to
this than most people for me at first I
was in Bivens I was like I don't know I
could go either way
right now is fine I'm not a hundred
percent happy with my ass fee and how
things are going but I don't really feel
like the repeal of net neutrality is
gonna make a difference than that it
could because obviously government
intervention like stifles competition
but what really Sables competition is
the the local government intervention if
you I've read a few articles recently
saying like that neutrality repeal isn't
gonna make competition flourish it's
still kind of gonna be an oleg APPA lee
where it's kind of a natural monopoly
type of thing where there's not it's
really really hard for smaller ISPs to
get into the field so I was like I don't
really care for them to a repeal net
neutrality but on a fundamental like
these are my core beliefs
I do want net news I did want net
neutrality repeal because I just don't
believe in government regulation of the
free market at all i I don't believe
that if they lessen to the amount of
money for newer ISPs to get into the
field I don't believe that there would
be such an such a monopoly on ISPs and
stuff like that and a lot of people
don't know it like a lot of people have
this reactionary like it's all or
fucking nothing if you're not into this
book and FCC saving right now you are a
fucking piece of shit cunt you don't
like the internet you want to pay like
fucking 40 bucks for every single social
media separately and then added together
is just gonna be like an apocalypse and
no one will have the Internet at the end
of the internet oh my god and like I
feel like people who listen to media
that strictly and can't see it from like
well wait why would this happen would
this actually happen I'm for capitalism
usually but all of my favorite content
creators are forcing me to feel this way
and think that way why is that and then
you like look into who's for it who's
against it Google's for net neutrality
mm why is that let's think about this
and for me the more I've looked into it
and I have actually signed net
neutrality petitions like save net
neutrality and stuff like that because I
was like ah the loss here would be that
I'm just stuck you know doing the same
thing which is fine you know like there
was an unknown aspect there but then I
realized net neutrality is relatively
new it's from 2015 before then there
were like small like sanctions and say I
don't know what you would call them
because I'm not I'm not politically
perfect okay I just recently started
getting into like politics more
nitty-gritty of how things work or
whatever but um there there were things
like smaller things that didn't actually
have to do with net neutrality that
we're keeping the net neutral and those
things are still gonna be in place now
even after the death of net neutrality
so that's just my opinion I don't think
it's a big deal I think people are
acting like everything is apocalyptic
especially on the left a lot of people
act like this change is gonna ruin our
world you know why I hate this change
because this change is you know
superficially seeming like it's bad or
something
oh that's just silly thank you Oh Joey I
thought you were super feminist I
thought you would never say something
about my breasts that's interesting I
appreciate it
okay so we're gonna get into opening
things I have three small things the
first thing I have to make sure I'm not
gonna like show anyone's address today I
actually have a box for my parents and I
have to like not show their address so
again hold your questions until after if
you have any questions regarding
anything afterwards anything that I've
said in the beginning you can bring it
back up I love having open discussion
and I'm here for you guys on this
holiday wonderfulness also if you guys
are interested in the music here I've
been listening to this for six hours
straight so I'm a little bit thick of it
but this is the best like metal
Christmas songs I've ever heard and it's
August Burns Red so the the name of the
album is in the description as well so
this is a letter from Zoey Christmas
letter from Zoey so excited so excited
she says a Merry Christmas
and then on the inside it says pay Tara
J and Eve hope you all have a good
Christmas and a happy 2018 wishing you
all the best love Zoey Thank You Zoey
it's so cute it's all shiny and shit I
love it
you know how to you know how to get
right here with the fucking shinies you
know I'm Stan oh I Love You Zoe I know
you're watching or you were watching
earlier so I hope you're still watching
I really appreciate it you're amazing
this is my favorite card so far granted
isn't granted it's my first card but I
think it will be my favorite card still
I have a card from Eric C Bay Bay Eric's
seat trying not to show any anything
right in the front ho ho ho ho ho ho I
saw um brycie bracy's husband was
wearing a sweater that they got from
pornhub and it's at ho ho ho across it
but it was HOA and I'm thinking like I
know they're trying to differentiate
between like the laughs of Santa the
regular ho but this it's how you spell
whore whore whore or PO ho ho ho I
cannot stand when people spell a ho like
oh she's such a fucking how like a
garden hoe oh my god drives me crazy
anyway thank you Eric
he says Merry Christmas well parts of
Merry Christmas tear up loving being a
patron in the content you post oh thank
you so much I've been a fan for a long
time of your candor and beauty have a
Merry Christmas a Happy New Year Eric
thank you Eric oh I don't know like Zoey
it's like a really close personal friend
of mine and I like the glitter but he's
calling me a ho while appreciating my
candor and he's a patron and he's
talking about how he's liking my content
I don't know dude I don't know oh shit
my whole rubber talk is here thank you
Eric I appreciate it
Wow Eric and Zoey I've got two Christmas
cards only two I want you guys to send
me your like you know how a lot of
people go and they get a picture taken
of their family and then they
note the Christmas cards and stuff you
guys should have done that what if I'm
great
alright rubber tong you have to say for
at least ten minutes all right the next
thing we have oh shit we've got a ton of
pasties these already have a pair of
these they're actually on my anime
weeaboo fucking scroll thing that I have
on the wall I had to put them on there
because I was doing of lad vlogs next to
the anime scroll and the anime Scrolls
like titty nipples like the whole titty
and the nipples and everything we're
just out and I was like I might get
banned so I put two pasties on my poster
anyway fuck me pink pasties fuck me pink
pasties so on my latest Friday night or
my latest fanservice Friday on patreon
like someone was complaining and I got
like a few F votes that I do too many
pasties apparently apparently someone
doesn't think so and I don't think
though I fuckin love pasties it's like
the easiest way for me to be as naked as
possible and just be like fucking jiggle
in my skivvies all of it it makes it
more fun and it makes it more secure so
I enjoy doing it I'm gonna keep doing it
does this have an indication of growth
from no I fuckin hate it when they do
that either way whoever won't bought
that for me you are a god absolute
fucking God level right there I hope you
guys are feeling the Christmas cheer
I've got my miss Saint vagina Nick Saint
vagina yeah alright the next thing we're
gonna open as a box it's not the second
smallest or whatever fucking package
this would be but this is a box for my
parents and I want to open it up because
I'm just really excited I've been saving
this for like a week and I just really
want to know what the fuck is inside
and I'm also dreading trying to keep the
fucking front of it off of the camera
what did you guys done to me
I sent my parents stuff to I don't want
to say what because they're waiting
until Christmas to open it and they
watch my Friday night mail videos I love
you guys by the way you guys are fucking
to me oh my god they actually oh ok so
when I was younger my mom pretended that
Santa existed and we just kind of my mom
I think at one point was like you know
Santa doesn't exist right and I'm like
yeah I have a lot cuz I already knew
that
but still um I think it was Christmas
Eve every Christmas Eve we would unpack
presents to say to Tara from mom and dad
right and then on Christmas morning new
presents would appear that said to Tara
from Santa right and it's like a totally
different genre of clothing or like
presents usually I get clothing so I'm
like everything off of Abercrombie
that's what I want for Christmas and
then like a few games or something but
my mom and usually get the games that I
want for J so J would just say games and
I would just say clothes anyway um Santa
would bring like cool like cookies and
stocking stuffers and stuff like that
but so I'm willing to bet that there's
gonna be a few things in here to me from
Santa we shall see but anyway I love you
mom thank you for sending me stuff this
is so cute let's take everything out
first so we've got two Tutera from dad
mom you can't see this stuff I wish I
could show you okay I'm gonna look like
shit for a second to show you this to
Tara from mom and dad
to Tara from mom and dad ah to yovan
this is 2j oh I feel like I shouldn't be
opening this stuff on on camera there's
another to yovan I think I'm just gonna
show you guys the wraps presence and I'm
gonna keep these for Christmas
I really appreciate my mom doing this
and like I didn't really buy anything
for J what the hell is this okay so my
dad is the kind of guy Oh should I break
it
no I didn't okay cool yeah my dad's the
kind of guy that just brings shit home
from his work and the baby scratch my
teeth anyway he just bring us stuff home
from work and like gives it to me I
don't know this is got a clip it says
someone google this super snark someone
google that eat she knocked over my
light I don't know what the fuck that is
and then we have to Terra from mom and
dad mom did you not think I wanted stuff
from Santa what about what about my
sense of presence okay so I lied we're
not gonna be opening any of these I'm
gonna put these under my tree for Jay
and I because there's too much stuff for
Jay oh I think this is this feels
where's my gun clip I know my gun clip
is in here somewhere my parents have
been holding holding like dark lip
okay there we go now I look better it's
not gonna be on a video but J and I want
to enjoy it enjoy it you put it on your
wit when you can look at your phone
hands-free I don't think so
I don't I don't think so because on the
bottom there's like button where did it
go oh here just on the bottom there's
like you can turn it on here there's
like an on button and then this is like
an LCD screen
oh yeah there's no way there's anything
here clips to my phone or anything weird
my dad's like that I have no idea
alright the next package hold on alright
the next package we have is this one the
lightest thing in the universe in the oh
we got more pasties I feel like the cool
people who support my patreon are like
making fun making oh these are from Zoey
yeah so we stick it to the man more
pasties oh I remember these so funny
what I was gonna say is I feel like the
people who are there to actually like
support patreon and enjoy the fucking
pasties and the fanservice Fridays they
just keep getting me paste used to piss
off the like 20 people that are like I'm
here for the porn and if you're not
gonna give me the quality that's like
way above the quality of like a
full-time cam whore
I'm gonna elsewhere with my dollar like
I appreciate every single person who
supports me on patreon but that kind of
stuff is it gets old after a while
obviously I'm only gonna do what I'm
happy with so you're not doing anything
with your annoying comment but we've got
Eve pasties Eve pays these guys even
fazed is oh I love it
Thank You Zoe you did not have to buy me
again this is so sweet look the nose is
actually the nose is a heart how fucking
cute oh my god I adore it I adore it
forever Thank You Zoe you're fucking
amazing
oh so many pasties christmas pasties I
wish I was wearing pasties right now
cousin I could just be like is it a
tuner oh I already have a tuner
my dad just find a tutor and then like
throw it in there why didn't they know
that already it's so obvious now well
now I have another one in case my other
one broke broke breaks brokes
in case it goes for broke thank you Dad
I feel like such a like it gets hard
noob not that I'm not but I feel like
even more of a guitar noob
I'm feeling that feeling that I bet a
lot of girls okay do you guys remember
okay has anyone followed me since the
since the zoom in Games days when I was
doing interviews at e3 with zoom and
game and some girl out and like what are
you most excited for Eid this year's e3
and she goes I'm really excited about
Arkham original and I'm like origins it
was kind of funny and they like edited
it so perfectly soon oh man is so good
oh shit hi Tara I hope you fucking love
this and I'm glad I can help you with
the fanservice Friday from Timothy M so
Timothy M gets a shout out I actually
have to save this because he got me
you vide glow in a dark black light body
pain and it's such a small amount that
I'm not gonna be able to cover very much
this is gonna be so much fun I'm
actually thinking about doing a
fanservice Friday over on my patreon
patreon calm slash Tara Babcock link in
the description as always I'm actually
doing like a black light glow in the
black light dark like silhouette is body
paint thing so it's gonna be really fun
thank you oh this is so great I love it
six tubes neo fluorescent hopefully they
all glow in the dark thank you so much
Tim you're amazing okay
the next package we have which I have
conveniently put a sticker over so I
could show you guys how is this Merry
Christmas
it's from Sean Sean black one of my
favorite people always sends me the best
fucking gifts I love him so much I love
him so much oh oh what the fuck
inside his to manila envelope what's in
the fucking floor Tara and for j4j for
Tara it's good the people are getting J
gifts for Christmas because I didn't
really get him anything
he's building a mining rig for like
Bitcoin and stuff like that and it's
like kind of expensive so he's like can
I get that for Christmas oh my god and
and then I cannot feel that bad that I'm
not getting a bunch of sucks what do you
get a man that has like literally
everything every time I get him like a
stuffed animal or something I've gotten
him like presents over the last month
just random like presents and I signed
him up for the bro tank Club which is
like you get like this like it's like
the tiny spaghetti tank things for like
buff dudes or whatever and every month
it's like a new nerdy design like this a
month was a Christmas thing so it was
like Krampus and it was like naughty
nice and it's like yoked or something or
like what's another word for super buff
like Bill Dixon that you know like swole
swole it's probable cause it's like oh
my god the complete Fawlty Towers do I
already have this I feel like I'm I
already have this I feel like when
something's like my favorite TV show of
all time you should just boom I already
love it but this is fucking awesome
nonetheless if I don't have it you're
amazing oh my god but if I do have it
you're amazing oh my god same thing I
said I wish this wasn't so short like so
many so few episodes this is like so
much better than Monty Python but like
there's just not enough episode you know
and you know these two John Cleese and
the bitch I don't know her name they
were dating while this was happening and
I feel like their breakup probably kind
of halted production anyway
star wars 40 years of the force Time
magazine it's all about Star Wars the
story so far all the details every Phil
Foley's shit
what the fuck I have a bad feeling about
this
said by every single movie every single
movie someone said I have a bad feeling
about this
No what no way they give the rotten
tomato ratings oho oh my god this is
crazy and it's just a bunch of like info
about Star Wars feminism we've got it
we've got feminism and star wars I don't
have you guys to see that feminism oh
man was it safe
Carrie Fisher played the first truly
kick-ass princess
yeah but of course they had to dress her
up like a like a sex slave or whatever
the fuck right though I can't be too
feminist or maybe back in the day when
feminism was actually like how cool it
was but yeah this is really cool I look
forward to looking through this like
actually looking through this not just
being like hey Thank You Sean and now
we've got the card for some reason when
there's cool gifts I always do the card
last I'm sorry but oh my god cutie pie
so cute okay baby all I want for
Christmas is you let's see let's do
what's up I'd also like some power tools
Oh
Red Robin gift card I was thinking today
that I wanted to go out for Christmas
dinner before it was actually Christmas
why are you attacking me you hate me Oh
cute red Robins my favorite sit down and
eat like restaurant thank you you know
so much about me this is why I love Sean
he gets me like the best personalized
gift but I can get those anywhere
there's only one you Merry Christmas
love you from Sean Sean went to the card
section and he got me one from the
romance section where it's like baby I
can't live without you power tools and
titties let's do it
thank you oh this is so great I like
doing this live you know I'm dread every
Friday or every Wednesday and
because I have to I have to go get my
packages I have to record the video I
have to like put all the footage footage
on my computer I have to like sort it
all out I have to add all the stuff in
but it's so much easier to just be like
and congratulations you know like I
don't have to do the editing that
editing takes like six hours on Friday
night mail I almost feel like I should
always do this live I feel like it would
be so much more fun Branton I would have
to move my laptop from the other room
and this is like my porn laptop you know
but holy shit I really appreciate it
thank you so much I'm sorry that you're
not gonna get to CJ's reaction on camera
usually I would just film him opening it
later because he's streaming right now
twitch.tv / jo v j ec k o5 if you want
me to follow him or go over there right
now
twitch.tv slash g or j e d k o5 i'm
actually posted and tell him that he got
he got christmas president i'ma oh my
god i cannot type on non mechanical
keyboards anymore there go over there go
over there and say you got Christmas
presents Terah said it - Thursday and
also follow because he streams like
every single day and I can't do that
often or if I do it's not like nine
hours a day because he's always
streaming anytime I'm working or filming
or doing whatever or streaming myself oh
yeah
the next package we have by the way I
think so much Shawn I love you even more
every single day there is only one you
only one Shawn black I'm sure there are
like a bunch of people with that name
but you are the only one that matters
mwah happy merry Christmas merry merry
happy okay we've got a big-ass package
from my BFF the adventurous Joe he has a
YouTube channel I'll post that in the
description of the vaad not the stream
because right now I'm you know doing
stuff but yeah he's fucking amazing he
sends me the best yes oh my god I'm a
birthday present recently that I I want
myself oh my god it's like it's a walker
like a one of those things where you
have to build it yourself and it looks
so fucking cool he sent me pictures holy
shit
it's all wrapped oh my god
oh my god Joe you don't have to do this
so this is to Jay from mom his mom to
Jay from dad shit you guys had gone
after spoiled date you saving your their
dessert he's not even like on camera
what the fuck - Tara from mom - Tara
from dad oh look at this dress so cute
it is for you last time you sent me a
tiny plushie it was for Eve I feel like
he doesn't know that I also like tiny
plushies para live forever well I do
live streams on Twitch like almost every
day after this I'm gonna go play fucking
Facebook card because I now have a bunch
of fucking awesome stuff this is - Jay
from Joe and now have like a lot of
Slipknot songs tool songs and things
that you can't actually get unless you
view the custom DLC anyway dear Tara Jay
and Eve there is no time quite like
Christmas for remembering the
friendships we cherish and there are no
wishes like the tried and true one Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year
love mom and dad and Joseph the
adventurous Joe you can look him up on
YouTube his name is the adventurous Joe
he doesn't already stuff leg on my main
channel not this channel the other one
and he's a fuckin badass okay this is
the Tara from Joe let's open it we open
the mom and dad one the dad one okay
this is - Tara from dad oh my god no way
oh my god
oh this is perfect for my Captain
America section in the other room
oh I wish I could show you guys right
now it's so fucking great I have like
cubbies for each like type of thing I
have like three 2.5 Star Wars cubbies I
have the Marvel Marvel cubby which is
basically just a Captain America cubby
but this is amazing I actually don't
have that yet and oh my god dad what the
fuck Joe's dad got me my third
third piccolo fucking pop figure oh man
the first one it's just like normal like
this the second one I put a big-ass kiss
on and I can't fucking I can't clean it
off I can't do it I'm gonna have like a
wall of these things I love it so much
oh thank you Dad I appreciate it
next we have this is a big-ass book let
me guess is it either it's usually Star
Wars Marvel or DC what what do we think
what everything it's Star Wars Marvel
Star Wars Marvel okay so we've got Darth
Maul my favorites oh my god episode 1
episode 2 and episode 3 oh ok
something that it makes me unpopular is
that I like the first three episodes
more than the iconic 456 I don't know
why when I was younger fourth fifth and
sixth I would watch it with my dad we
would go on vacations like my hope my
family would go on vacations to see my
grandma and seaside orchid which is like
some of my fondest memories we would go
literally every year and it was it was
such a nice place and my grandma had
this nice place that was really close to
the the water or whatever and some of my
fondest memories are like my dad and I
staying up really late and watching like
Star Wars and we would watch like older
movies like it's and just like it was
fun to do that and like him one of the
things that we watched a lot even at
home was okay what is it called here
what it's called now you know Gilbert
Road Alice said Alice fucking Alice no
I'm like brain farting right now I've
been practicing Bayes for the last like
three days like four hours straight and
like two and a half hours on stream
every time though my fingers are
blistered but also I'm feeling like my
mental acuity is like going down a
little bit I feel like I'm focusing all
of my mental energy and not getting
enough sleep because I'm just like guys
you want to play you want to play like
right now I'm thinking about is
one you guys are fucking amazing and I'm
having a blast doing this
and two I can't believe that after this
is done there's gonna be something I can
go do that I like just as much as this
which is stream on Twitch and play the
bass guitar and one day I will I will be
drafted as if they draft into bands into
Slipknot I will be the tenth member I
they did replace Paul Gray right I think
you did yeah they did I will be the
tenth member Elevens member tenth member
I will be I will be I think my mask
would be like something super hideous
but with like holes at the top so I
could put like blonde pigtails through
and then I would look so cute and a
little like jumpsuit or something oh my
god anyway this is from Joe himself
thank you mom you're fucking amazing
episode one two and three this is so
perfect
oh holy shit Joe oh my god I can't even
show this one okay
barbarian chicks and demons and she's
like fully naked she's fully naked Joe
oh I didn't think it'd get any better
oh my god it's like a porno look at all
you guys can see the Barbarian chicks
and demons this is amazing this reminds
me of like the heavy-metal comics or
something oh my god it's from Eureka and
there's it's actually like hardcore
hentai type but comic book porn like
western western style oh my god she's
fisting her so this barbarian is fucking
a demon like this hot redhead demon
chick I can't show you any of this I
really wish I could oh my god and like
she's eating her ass but on her like
lower back instead of just like a lower
back there's like two hail demon tail
and now she's like choking her oh my god
Joe this is amazing Polly said this came
like three out of left field and then
there's a grande Jeremy with a fuck Ron
Jeremy's in this if it's not supposed to
be Ron Jerry if the Jeremy I'm
I'm shocked oh my god - bunch of
different stories and they're coming
everywhere oh my god this is so fucking
cool thank you guys so much this is
crazy you guys are amazing
every fucking Friday night mail and the
live versions are no exception I you
guys are amazing I don't know just you
make me feel so good and I don't deserve
it
and it's so silly but it's just amazing
how I don't know I feel like if these
were all letters it's not just about
like getting stuff although sometimes it
is about getting stuff because some
stuff is just oh my god I have a
collection of things that I would never
be able to afford on my own and I I just
appreciate you guys so much well thank
you from the bottom of my blackened
blackened heavy metal for no heart I
love you guys thank you so much and
thank you to everyone who's watching I
know I'm ignoring you guys in the chat I
won't be once I'm done opening these
packages and stuff I feel like I've
probably got something from my troll
Donald and I feel like this is probably
it let's see let's see let's see Anna hi
Terra here's an early Christmas present
I heard you're a big fan so I got you
this I paid good money so you better
like it love your husband Donal
happy Christmas Happy Holidays Donald I
hope we can flower soon what is this
this is the music box I don't even know
this is what is going on
I can't give this out what the fuck sent
me like an AIDS needle or something
wrong item but this is huge
oh you guys just wait until you see this
this is so cute
Donald I love you finally getting me
something that I don't want to get
stuffy should harm me no sometimes he
comes through sometimes he comes true I
don't know how to open this without
fucking my own ass there we go I hate
that it comes with styrofoam because he
likes to eat their phone so I bought
real quick
can I show some ass and boobs I mean I
could but do I want to Oh
I haven't gotten anything to warrant
some gratuitous live fanservice here
this is my baby alright
I love you okay
this is what we got eat look he was
gonna stand on my keyboard and hopefully
not ruin everything look can you see her
no okay it look it
eat
whoa not cool that's you it's you and a
friend look at it it's so cool I can't
see myself anymore it's like two kitties
snow globe I love it
Thank You Donald it's got a bunch of
kitties on the bottom too oh I think it
actually it's a music box
holy shit oh this is adorable I love it
oh this is great Thank You Donald I
appreciate it if you gotta get off my
keyboard you're like ruining everything
all right now I can't see the chat
anymore
what'd you do to the chat
hold on there there we go
she typed this she typed that so great
just playing with the music box
hopefully I can find a place to put that
where she's not gonna just like
literally knock it over like holy fuck
all right we've got three more packages
this one is Giggy I'm sick it actually
knocked over one of my life I don't I
don't know it's probably some Donald
some kind of like kids toy or something
I don't know Luther me this hi Tara if
you put your shoes on my wish list I'll
get you a new pair every week from Cody
Cody I don't like shoes I know Cody
wants me to put shoes on that list but
we've got oh my god she's in the back
she's in the back somebody's not in the
bag baby
get out the bag it's just
why are you in the back all right
whatever you can sit on my lap in the
back anyway what we're doing oh yeah
this is a gun rock gun rock gun rad done
rag gun rug gun rug yes the gunner ah
Krag Road so you can put I can actually
put two of my pistols in here but you
put them in here you put some flips in
here and they can carry it like this
very fucking cute thank you I appreciate
it okay pony I love you Cody
thank you ivar you're gonna come out of
the bag she's just like attacking me
from from inside the bag are you doing
baby get out of the bag get out of the
bag there we go
now she's just laying in my lap this
never happens is she not gonna leave
she's been so cuddly today I love it he
was laying like right here while I was
setting up and like checking everything
it was so sweet mmm you're the baby I
love you destiny don't fall but don't
leave us though okay Emily all right
you're badass I'll think I will think
about putting some shoes on my wish list
I feel like um every time I do have
fanservice Friday well sometimes when I
do have fanservice Friday on patreon I
tried to incorporate a little bit of
feet because I do have like I think I
pulled them once and I got like 50 out
of like 400 people or something like
that we're in two feet so even though
it's a minority
it is a vocal minority because they're
always like Sarah Sarah no feet why
you're not put feet so if I put shoes
that I don't really care to have I just
want to like know that I don't really
care to have shoes I'm not a shoe person
I'm more of a like fucking slippers and
boots and random shit person but maybe I
can find some like cute like random
boots or something what is this and why
what Oh
oh my god shoes we were just talking
about shoes
I feel like Cody probably said these to
me I don't know
these are reissue high-top pliers glide
I don't know if you guys can see Flyers
glide reissued high-top so we're gonna
put these on Yves is inside the box of
course this is what they look like
oh man alright guys hopefully they fit
there's always one in the toe I fucking
hate that every time I'm like oh yeah
and then I fucking camp in my goddamn
listening oh you guys you guys will like
really enjoy what I'm wearing for socks
right now hold on let me get up real
quick oh all right I've got my sonic
stalks along and here they are
okay oh there we go
I did my best I did my best
I'm assuming these are from Cody Thank
You Cody
these are flyers they're actually pretty
cool because if you look up close like
oh you can actually see on camera okay
they're like super shiny I'll actually
try to make like a Chloe esque outfit
and wear this I know some people would
be doing hope you guys are enjoying what
is this what is this look at that just
gonna sit there I love her very very
much okay oh we've got the big guys and
then we'll do Q&A oh my god I had this
open I'm so bad with this thing I swear
Eve is either in a box in a bag or being
like really fucking cute so well all
right here we go the moment of truth
I don't even know how to do this
just gonna hold it like this
okay I got a shovel
oh it's a snow shovel Donald I can put
all of my stuff in here that I got yay
this would have been a good thumbnail
like this is how I do the thumbnail in
Friday night met when I get like
something that I think will be
interesting to the thumbnail I'll like
pose with it like and then I'll just
like take the clip of me posing like
that when I'm editing it in post and
I'll just like use gesso or whatever I
call it gaze though but to understand
what I'm saying I'll use Gossow to just
like take a picture and I'll download it
open it in Photoshop and make all pretty
and stuff but yeah thank you guys so
much this is so fucking wonderful I
don't even think there's like a so yeah
I'm assuming that's from Donald or Lucas
but there was no note no notes Lucas was
it from you I bet it was from you oh man
okay let's do the outro for those of you
who are not interested in sitting here
and watching a live stream I'm someone
who doesn't really like to watch long
live streams that are uncut I like the
more such things like wham bam bam cut
up shit so if you are one of those
people you have not reached the end of
the normal Friday night mail what are
you doing
thank you for watching like the video
subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed
and I'll see you next week in the next
row right and I mail you guys are
fucking amazing I do not deserve you and
uh it's been an amazing Christmas
already the assignment Christmas I love
you guys so much
ok um what do you guys want to talk
about ask me anything let's go let's go
girl
oh you came at the end it's not the
actual end I'm gonna Snape
stop Obi how you doing would you class
your self as a class yourself as a
philosopher um I don't think there are
any modern philosophers that make a
living off of philosophy it's more like
philosophy applied to something else
like they're politicians or if they make
youtube videos I would fall under the
entertainment philosopher category
although I do feel like I have some
really serious really well-thought-out
points um regarding philosophy and stuff
so I mean I wouldn't I feel like that
would be super pretentious to be like
I'm a philosopher thing you know cuz
that's silly but I am you know someone
who likes to talk and think about
philosophy a lot and I've been doing it
forever so back to the super test and if
you guys want to ensure that your
question is answered super chat always I
appreciate donations and stuff like that
hey Tara how do you feel about MIG tower
in Selman do you fear that men would
rather be with robots than you I do not
fear the men would rather be robot than
with robust than me because uh I'm I'm
very good at being someone that people
would want not only physically but I'm
entertaining I have interesting stuff to
say I don't want to stifle any one's
lifestyle creativity or them being them
I there's no reason to lie to me that's
what's really interesting in the few
relationships shit relationship
relationships I've been in like with
Toby for instance like Toby felt the
need to lie to me even though I gave him
every reason to just be 100% honest
because I wasn't gonna judge anything
that he did and I wasn't gonna be like
oh one breaking up with you now you know
so um I I don't think that any robot can
really replace women but I feel like if
a man had to choose between a robots who
was like really hot and good at sex and
didn't talk back and stuff and maybe
cooked for them they would always choose
that over the modern-day leftist
feminist woman who treats men like shit
in order to like you know push her own
agenda I don't know what the fuck female
supremacy shit and MIG tau I'm sad that
makes house to exist but it is
reactionary movement because feminism
you know if McDow existed and it was
just the big tower what are you doing
this is retarded and I feel like anyone
who like calls himself that and like
identifies as that is just as annoying
as a feminist because it's like you have
so much more to you than like the one
little tiny movement or the one ideal if
you follow but I have nothing against
them I tend to agree with them more than
feminists and I'm very happy for you if
you're actually following the MiGs how
order of business rather than the
feminist order of business uh Joe Joe is
someone who often who often is in the
comment section of my videos thing like
don't objectify her and stuff and I'm
like stop being a fucking feminazi
there's no reason you're not gonna get
laid this way or whatever but um I would
be happy to know that you are moving
over to that side what am I gonna do is
sex ed it's hard for me and I think of
topics for sex ed right now just my
head's not in the in the mood but if I
think of something I'll definitely do
one soon I have to do my Tara Reid's
comments soon which is something I'm
really looking forward to but I mean all
Heward to the editing I wouldn't do that
live but that's the one video I wouldn't
want to do live because I feel like the
editing really brings it together and
like puts all the punchlines and
everything in order so it's like you
know whatever best blowjob tip please
why do you give blowjobs or are you
saying like to get blowjobs or like wow
I'm getting a blowjob here's a mind
while I'm getting a blowjob tip like
that
sweaty pitting on one sweaty pit and all
just I just enjoy it show her that
you're enjoying it look down see if
she's giving you eye contact so you can
blow your load over all over her face
you know that's good Jay what's up what
are you doing well you came to open
stuff you come office dozen come here
then oh yeah yeah yeah yeah and then my
parents thank you so what
you should probably come around this way
because you can't get in here you two
back yay yay yay
Lucas cover your stubble hey Donald
hello
yay yay leave it to jazz leave it just -
oh my god
why are you guys on a mission I'm Joseph
yes mom and dad from Shawn Shawn Shawn
black Shawn this is Tara Babcock merch
by the way
hashtag Tara Babcock merch what did you
get
that's fully when were these written
enemies now there's like constantly
writing shows and I yeah I liked it
thanks
I feel like people send me bad news if
you hate it and I don't even know it is
people even know that I like but people
who know that I like no not my mom I'm
saving myself
oh the Lego Batman movie oh there's a
movie on this yeah I wanted to see this
cool Thank You storm nor thank you diva
from diva diva yeah my dad got me a
guitar tuner and I didn't even know what
the fuck it was
what oh my god I don't like can you guys
go go this I don't know what I have one
of these even oh gosh okay go solution
all I really wanted to see this - oh she
goes yeah holy shit I'm excited but can
TJ got me all hype with that leg
Thank You Sean Oh reconnection
successful we got disconnected Oh are we
back okay you can do it I wasn't really
showing them so yeah sorry ghost in the
shell sorry I have to cover my face
Batman Batman Lego Batman Lego Lizzie
and then the alien quadrille that's
awesome
oh holy shit alien aliens an alien 3 an
Alien Resurrection Wow does have alien
oh it doesn't have alien vs. predator
that's weird I guess that doesn't really
come yeah that's like the subway card oh
you got subway I got Red Robin Oh 2000
stay playing is coming what 30-minute
work
oh my god I have to show you good thing
I got look at okay so you can't show on
camera
I'll tell the court goats huh Thank You
Shawn well thank you guys yeah you can't
share our camera over here Barry looks
like yeah barbarian chicks fucking demon
for some reason barbarian chicks buck
demons and there's like four different
whoa what do you mean what makes them
barbaric the garlic brand or black hair
bullshit
yeah barbarians roses
oh no gaping asshole look at the ladies
coming it's a good question work what is
the she says ouch bastard there's
actually story here yeah there's
actually like the whole time they're
fucking they're talking you keep
checking
oh no what I'm showing it no no what you
think I'm perfect and then something
your mom no I'm oh hi Jake show your
muscles show your muscle Oh
Eve's doing good she's just been a big
part of the stream yeah give me Eve
oh it's Eva Eva J want your Bob please
mean it's the e ba Wow can't let you go
cat hair everywhere
all right shake my ass end of stream
I'll show you my legging cuz I'm wearing
the fashion Nova leggings but other than
that I am happy I rescued her to like
best best decision ever to keep her am i
ticklish I am occasionally ticklish
based on my mood but one of the places
that I'm almost always ticklish and I've
actually I've been like using my mental
focus to get rid of it because every
time I go to get a pedicure of my left
foot for some reason is ticklish and so
I'm like just don't be ticklish and then
it works it's weird oh yeah
well I do a sex ed on pickle fetishism
ah my favorite fetishes probably masked
Matt really really masculine men taking
advantage of me like the rape fantasy
type stuff the demon book it's a comic
book with a bunch of different things
and it's called barbarian chicks and
demons the volume 1 & 2 volume 2 is
called Hartman part men with two N's
bein like heart man minute but yeah just
google barbarian chicks and demons
shut up Lucas Thank You Jennifer you
guys are awesome Family Guy our American
Dad okay so I wouldn't normally say
Family Guy but American dads like my
favorite like animated show of all time
I just really love all the characters I
love Stan the fuckhead
Rogers the like the best character
that's ever been created and then it's
just the dynamic between all of them is
really good and I like how it's like
France things like the blonde chick and
then Stan is like the the manly CIA
agent like dad like that would be my
life where I'd to get married I would
marry some like conservative right-wing
manly man who works for the government
or something I don't know like Roger is
hilarious oh my god you see that it just
fucking came out no I don't think family
guy isn't funny
I like the gag get cutaways even when I
use like sometimes I don't even know the
fuck they're referencing um so it's not
like my favorite thing but I don't find
them to be a turn-off I think they're
done like really well yeah dude it was
so funny cuz these are like kind of
being pulled down by my boobs a little
bit I don't know it's weird it's like
this area here is not long enough
because they don't expect people to have
big ass titties but yeah it's like a bra
we're at DC superhero I don't know I
would have to think on that it's funny I
think the DC movies are much like the
movies though like regular like
Hollywood movies are much better than
the Marvel ones I feel like the Marvel
ones are like comedy or something
whereas the DC ones are like darker and
stuff which is funny because usually DC
stuff seems darker to me but then
there's things like the stipulation
where Batman doesn't kill people in like
most iterations of the universe though
my favorite porn star is hard to say I
feel like it might be Peeta Jensen if
not Peeta jeomsun then what's the name
I'm blanking on so many things today
what is her name um Samantha st.
Samantha's names probably my favorite No
thank you no problem rocket rocket stomp
yeah I like I like doing foot stuff
randomly just being like hey here's my
feet I think I have really cute feet I
don't know if with fetish at all
but um yeah DC is more mature but there
are aspects of it that like I guess I
guess DC is more raw and there there's
more like actual brutal death so
Batman's like the piece the PG version
or the PG like one whereas Marvel didn't
really do any killing do they do killing
in Marvel like ever or is it just like
you know like oh let's hope they're not
killing I don't know I honestly I don't
know as much about comic books and stuff
that that's like my least I'm least
versed in comic but like real comic-book
stuff out of all of the like nerd
universe stuff that I'm interested in
I'm Way more into video game AI the only
comic books I ever collected before I
was an adult was um
Simpsons comics which you know whatever
so I don't know like I know people that
are like they know the ins and outs of
every Batman that's ever existed every
spider-man Superman has ever existed
they know like all the nuances and all
the everything I actually made a fake
gamer girl mistake
recently I
think it was a fake gamer girl coming
foot girl mistake my nose is like
getting all stuffy it's weird yeah I did
like Rick and Morty but um I thought it
enchantress and DC was the same as
enchantress and Marvel and I was like
why is this some Chantry so gross and
then I realized like oh because I like
the other enchantress the sexy
enchantress I cannot end stream because
it's past your bedtime
leprechauns are zombies I feel like I
want some bees in the world more than
leprechauns cos leprechauns like
annoying little midgets
Marvel Indies people feel people okay it
just seems like at least in Hollywood
the Marvel stuff is more like comedy
kid-friendly like oh my god I don't know
like The Avengers versus the Justice
League it just seems less dark lists I
don't know how to explain it you don't
think ben shapiro is controversial i see
so many people to think he's like a
fucking white nationalist or something
why nationalism i swear my nose is like
old stuff i'm sorry i tried to say i
love you while drinking when will i open
the big box i did
it's a shovel it's a fucking shovel from
lucas what anime have you watched law
Hajime no Ippo right now i'm watching
food wars i'm on like the second season
the the ova season tokyo ghoul obviously
Dragonball Z is like one of my favorites
of all time um attack on Titan what else
have I watched
I like Inuyasha to deathnote it's really
hard for me to just like name off the
top of my head everything that I've done
I'm like I have a really bad long-term
memory ah have you heard of my hero
academia no is there more fallin in
Vegas um probably not there's like less
trees in Vegas and stuff I guess we have
a lot of palm trees and stuff but it's
Hitler still alive
no you never woulda thought this woman
like you watched anime that's weird
I'm like into all nerd culture like like
I said comics are my least but um
obviously videogames have been playing
my entire life very versed in videogames
do I like cosplay I like looking at
cosplay I don't like okay so I like the
day of at the convention cosplay
dressing up and like being you know what
you're trying to cosplay and stuff and
looking sexy while doing it I love that
but the whole like making your own
costume I did that for a while I I made
my own Super Mario costume you can type
in Super Mario Terre Babcock and it'll
be all over the place
I made that from scratch and I just
jerry-rigged the whole fucking thing
because I'm like so bad at using the
sewing machine my mom actually got me a
sewing machine so I could do that I
haven't watched Dragon Ball Z's urge I
can both Capri yet I haven't I haven't
even finished
I haven't finished Dragon Ball GT
because I it's so like oh it's
mind-numbing at some point I like the
little robot dude but just like some of
is just like oh and then after that I
want to finish Dragon Ball cuz I haven't
finished that either I have the whole
series of Dragon Ball Z the whole series
of GT and one of the box sets of Dragon
Ball and I'm not like completely
finished with any of that and I feel
like I want to finish all that and go
through some of the animes that I
haven't watched that I really want to
watch like this the birthday week off or
whatever I watched a Death Note that
never watched it before
Hellsing Helsing is another one I
watched recently I like Helsing a lot I
I watched the oba of Helsing god-like
date when the German guy was just like
constantly talking monologue like oh my
god like there were too many monologues
it took me out of the story it was kind
of just like oh I really liked so okay
so the first series the like original
series of Helsing was good but the
obviously the the artwork was worse and
the beginning when they reiterated
everything that happens in the OVA it
was so much better and then they went to
the original storyline and it was like
oh can you get over the fucking talking
and the oh were verbal sparring before
we fight like it was just so I actually
finished fnm I'm just doing q and A's
and stuff now the video should be up as
soon as they it might even be up now
because I lost the frame for a second
yes and the Castlevania anime I watched
32 thanks Zoey yeah I'm actually playing
a castlevania I'm playing all the
Castlevania games right now like not the
really old ones but the ones that are on
Steam I'm playing those right now I love
to the side scroller one I'm 28 turned
28 in November November 10 I have the
first volume of high school dandy manga
but I haven't ever watched the anime I
want to watch I want to watch one punch
man 7 watch that I want to watch High
School of the Dead Oh Prison Schools
another one of my favorites I like the
the anime and the manga I really hope
they make a season 2 or whatever Prison
school because I really enjoy Prison
school because at the end ok I don't
want to spoil it I guess I won't spoil
it because there might be some of you
here that are gonna watch it but yeah I
don't usually play anime games I just
started playing I started playing my
brain goo and kuma come on what was it
called Dyne is a gate yeah I started
playing the steins gate game after a
watching science game and then I think
there's a few OVA so I washed it well
but yeah is there a good anime for a
noob to watch well if you like titties
you should watch something like prison
school or food words if you're into food
at all
food wars is amazing because every time
they take a bite of food okay so it's
about like this kid who works as like a
chef and his like little podunk family
restaurant and then his dad goes off to
work so he's sent to this like
prestigious like the most prestigious
ever in Japan cooking school and
everyone's like like he's as good as
everyone but there are a few people who
are a little bit better and every time
anyone tastes any of the like good chefs
cooking it's like ah and then it's like
but if they're just like orgasming and
they get naked and it's bunch of it's
like middle school kids so it's kind of
interesting to watch how like Japan will
sexualize this shit out of middle school
kids and we're like yeah this is hot and
then here we're like don't you make
jokes about masturbation is it Hunter x
Hunter or whatever yeah I'm ready but I
haven't watched it though what does this
livestream really limit the messages I
don't have any settings like that on
that shit weird Nine Inch Nails I like
like three nine inch nails though
honestly there are a few of the bands
that I grew up with that like my parents
would like and stuff that I was just
like why the fuck do people really love
this shit there's only like a few like
good songs I don't maybe I haven't
gotten into them I tried getting into
them when I was at when I was a teenager
and I was like and then they made they
have new songs right and I tried to get
into the new song I think they made a
new album like five or six years ago and
I was like nope yo that a death metal or
black metal okay so I don't really even
care about the distinction between the
two
I like melodic metal and death heavy
black metal and then I also like the
lighter stuff like I like alternative
rock as well but I think I like stuff
like a Mona Marth lamp of God so like
heavy growly like bass the stuff I think
that's my favorite but then I also like
stuff like great old Phil I used to not
like podila Phil but I like I like a lot
I used to not like it because okay the
the black metal trope - like I can't
even do it like when it's like the
forefront it really bothers me but um
I've started like kind of getting over
that because you kind of have to be okay
with that
and black metal and I were I recall that
every time a band would do that heavily
I would always be like oh I don't really
like this kind of music but now I just
kind of like I'm starting to understand
that it's just like forefront metronome
it doesn't matter it's not a big deal um
and I also yes cult Amber's really good
as well
um what my rowboat was a cold rowboat
yeah rowboat is like one of my favorite
songs that there's please play a scary
game I fucking hate you vo I played
Pokemon when I was younger at pokemon
TCG and I was like the hugest Pokemon
fucking nerd and universe when I was
like eight years old or nine years old
and um yeah so anything like yugioh or
what's the other one Digimon it just
makes one a puke like black oh thank you
Joey
you're drunk yeah I I cut you off stop
sending me money but you are so sweet I
love you I'll be there for you even
though you sometimes say feminist shit
I'm never gonna not call you on your
shit but I have no like ill-will toward
you or anything
so Joey Jojo gave me $5 if you guys are
watching the bottle River I need to
start answering my questions like
framing them like a like this question
like a complete sentence or whatever
baby metal it's cool for uh uh it's cool
for like a what's the what's the word
it's like a gimmick but it gets really
annoying to hear like over metal I don't
know no it'll speak Spanish
no dude don't say things that people
like the people want to hear like fuck
those people just say what you actually
have to say I played League of Legends
for League of Legends for like years
I'm actually I made a new account today
because J and my friend read my pony and
friends we're gonna level accounts
together because read hasn't been
playing out why were leveling accounts
actually but yeah the highest I've ever
been is silver like silver one or
something I almost got to gold but I
never put in the effort I loved
Starcraft so much more as a competitive
game and magic as a competitive game I'm
with the league it's not fun as a as a
game you play more than three or four
games casually with your friends and
it's not fun as a competitive game
because I don't know competitive team
games for some reason unless it's
something like cod which I don't like
but I can see why people would like that
um I just don't like team games where
you like heavily rely on your teammates
and then your teammates are like not
even speaking the same language and
they're like bunch of children and
they're like getting triggered every
five seconds like oh my god am I gonna
be gaming it all tonight oh tonight all
I'm gonna be doing is practicing my base
which is gaming because I'm playing
Rocksmith but tomorrow I'm gonna get
back to playing I think I'll be playing
South Park the fractured the hole the
fracture butthole and um playing my
guitar as well I'm playing my guitar
every single day okay so some people are
asking about August Ames I already kind
of responded about this and yet I think
it was the last week's epidemic but um I
think it sucks that she killed herself
but I believe in the right to die and I
believe that if someone really wants to
commit suicide they can do it at the
same time I believe the suicide is
usually like a last resort thing that's
never come to an illogical mindset I
know that she had depression and
struggled with like a bunch of mental
disorders and stuff and so obviously
there was help for her out there
and I don't know it she they said that
she released an apology note to her to
her family and in it nowhere did it
state that she killed herself because of
the trolls online because she was being
called a homophobe so well I feel like
that was probably the reason
on the backlash she got I feel like she
just got that backlash you know when she
was in a really bad headspace and then
was just a catalyst for her to commit
suicide um what I don't agree with and I
do think it's bad and but I do think
it's her right I don't think it should
be a crime to commit suicide I think
it's silly but um Jo Jo you don't have
to hate yourself no one should hate
themselves if you have like some
controversial ass opinions like just
fucking own that shit and if you if
everyone hates you for it like obviously
introspect like if you really feel like
oh maybe there's something wrong with me
like think critically and find out if
there is or if you just happen to have a
different opinion and I've my biggest
red pill moment is realizing how much of
like I just immense amount of sheep
people are like people who hear
something in the media and they will
parrot that and go to their grave with
that and act like that is like their
purpose in life there are people who are
so motivated by just what other people
have said so if you're different don't
fucking worry about it but anyway back
to August 8th I appreciate it thank you
so much for the superjet please stop
please I know you're drunk it's there
just don't give me all your money you
don't have to give me money for me to
like you
um but anyway so um with August names
the thing I don't agree with is people
blaming the people who bullied her
online I do agree that it's like asshole
ish and if it was persistent I do agree
that it was bullying and harassment I
agree that it was wrong I agree if
Twitter decides fuse their TOS to shut
these people down or anything but it's
their right it's their freedom of speech
to be made about their opinions if they
want to be mean about their opinions the
onus is on them to get any backlash any
like verbal backlash from anyone else
for what they say but they are not the
arbiters of August Eames the only person
who killed August Eames is August Eames
and I think anyone who says like oh my
god your words drove her to kill and
therefore it's your fault I don't agree
with that i 100% do not agree with that
I don't think it's anyone's
responsibility to know the mental health
of someone else or to put that on to
someone else who's just making comments
on Twitter comments on Twitter don't
kill people kill and that's my opinion
um Oh am I going on tour I'll probably
never go on to her I don't even
understand why you youtubers and stuff
go on swirlix why my favorite white
moment from the office I think I've
talked about this before but my two
favorite moments from the office are
when Dwight pulls what's-her-face over
his wife when he pulls her over and
proposes to her that's like holy shit
I've been waiting for that the entire
series it was so like oh just fuckin
jizz all over it and then um when Dwight
dressed up as Kerrigan from Starcraft
cuz I was just like I was I was playing
Starcraft like really competitively back
then I was going to Starcraft tournament
I wanted to be a Starcraft caster and
while I was deep in the Starcraft
community
faircroft community I didn't I I didn't
think it was a big thing
it was crazy when I was watching that
was when I was watching the office for
the first time I was like Kerrigan no
way that's so fucking awesome I just
loved it so much it was amazing what's
up Nate how you doing I am so excited
for the next Catherine at first people
people are like retweeting me the
Japanese and the Japanese shit saying
that it's announced remember I'm like
can't fucking read this shit I wish I
could read the ship can Mikayla we
talked about Nine Inch ality I'm not
worried that's the basic premise for
that but if you want to re-watch it it's
like the third question in the Q&A
section what was the thing what was I
talking about
oh yeah when went Dwight um when they
pranked Dwight with acting like he's
always been Asian Jim's always been
Asian yeah that was like one of the
funniest things in the world they the
fucking covered all the bases oh my god
I remember a lot of that stuff like it
was I think it was yesterday or
something
Catherine okay so people were sending me
a bunch of Japanese tweet and I'm like
I'm glad to hear it and then someone
told me that it was gonna be a remake
reports and I'm like look I've wanted a
Catherine port from PS 3 to to PC for a
long time but I do have my ps3 hooked up
now so I can stream from my ps3 and I
asked my parents to give me Catherine
for Christmas and my mom's like too late
I already sent the package so I'm like
fuck I'll have to buy it myself but um I
want to play the original Catherine's
that's one of my favorite games of all
time um it's not I don't know this in
the top ten it's like top 50 I really
like that game it has everything I want
in like in a game that's like what's the
word like a guilty pleasure game but
then it's also like sexy and interesting
and Catherine's a lot like me like
replaying that game I've played that
game I think three times and the most
recent time I replayed that game I was
like holy shit all these ideologies
about marriage and all these succubi
tendencies oh I'm one of the people that
actually completed the the in-game mini
game the Rapunzel thing and I learned
all of the the stock a and alcohol
whatever fucking tip or like little
tidbits I love that shit so fucking good
I wanna cuddle I love cuddling
I would totally work at one of those
cuddle cafes I don't know why people
talk shit about that that makes so much
sense to me like you're not ready to be
in a relationship but you just want like
the physical contact but you don't
necessarily want the sex do you want
like the emotional physical contact of
like cuddling I don't I like cuddling
I'm a touchy person I'm a huggy person I
sometimes well like my uh like viewers
will occasionally come up to me like
events or something and they'll be like
oh my god you're terrible let me take a
picture with you and I'm like sure and
then we'll take a picture and then I'll
like go for a hug
there have been a few times where
they're like handshake and I'm like holy
shit I feel like if you if you like my
content you want to hug me you don't
stand like don't be rude I feel like
they probably don't like me and they're
like oh shit my friend likes this bitch
let's take a picture with her be like
aha friends but uh yeah yeah there's
cuddle cafes ah oh ah you don't have to
send me anything dude
you are amazing thank you baby
Obie's my BBC everyone give Obie a round
of applause for this $5 super chat I
appreciate it
so sweet do more fake come videos I'll
have to get more fake come I ran out so
I use it as Lube oh yeah how does the
one I get to have their questions and
comments read by you I yeah you don't
have to spend money and you just like if
you don't do a super chat I might not
notice it but I'm not saying you have to
give me money I mean I answered your
question there yeah dude fuck me too
nobody's gonna me to you like let them
ask you I guess it's pretty I've always
thought it would be scary to be a guy
like if Jay and I are engaging in like a
threesome or if J is like fucking around
the girl or something
I'm always insecure about it from the
aspect where it's like this girl could
turn out to be a huge bitch and she just
likes Tom one of my videos and now she's
like you know trying to accuse Jay of
some shit because she just fucking
stupid cunt you know I would fucking if
anything like that happened to Jay I
swear to God like I I wouldn't probably
my first instinct would to be just I
would murder the bitch right but
obviously I would have to think
tactically and that wouldn't do anyone
any good it would just release a little
bit of steam in me so I would definitely
be on his side and all the allegations
and stuff and the court cases yes I'm on
Twitch Wichita TV slash Tara Babcock
yeah it must be scary I love the freedom
I have as a woman to like sexually
harass everyone nobody cares and if
people do care it's kind of like a
polite like you know you can just tell
they're uncomfortable and then I stop or
something but I could never actually get
in trouble like when I was a model
it was just like me running up to girls
I'm just gonna like titties woo and just
being like super sexual with the girls
that I wasn't even like fucking or
anything it was so amazing like I could
get away with anything and like anytime
I've met a bodybuilder in real life I
could be like muscles and it's like you
have this such freedom as a woman
anyone who says the women have it harder
are just trying to play the victim
I'm sure there are individual women who
have it harder than individual men
obviously it's always the case that
someone will have a harder time than
other another person because we're
individuals and we have individual
stories and anecdotes that you don't
just weave the threads of our lives but
to say that women as a whole in any
substantial way have it harder than men
know we are like a protected fucking
class no matter the color of oh oh
Rammstein thank you for reminding me
I've been downloading the the custom DLC
and I was thinking what bands do they
not have for DLC and Rammstein is one of
them I want to get Rammstein I want to
get Pink Floyd because one of the
reasons I started playing bass was for
the money base line in the beginning
boom boom boom boom boom I want to play
that so bad and I haven't even looked up
the tabs for it yet I'm like I want to
get good enough to play it like in one
shot I'm getting I'm getting better
though I'm getting better hey no problem
Chris dude somebody needs to fucking say
it I mean it makes sense from a selfish
standpoint too you see the feminist
movement growing and growing and you're
being told that since you're the weaker
race physically usually and you know
sense to you are the race that has been
told you need to stay at home or some
shit like you can think I can benefit
from this even though I might not be
oppressed right now I can benefit from
this and play the victim and you know I
wish people were more strategic like
that I wish feminists were actually
trying to fuck men over but instead I
think they're actually men
disabled to the point where they do
believe that they are victim in society
as a whole generally like insane
Oh Joey come on you're so sweet IRL I
don't talk to look at walk near walk
behind compliment or drink near women if
I am not working I am at home and
nowhere else no accusations I mean fuck
I really feel like that's kind of
prudent I mean I think you're overdoing
it a little bit you got to live your
life you know the the risk of you
getting in trouble for doing something
completely innocuous it's a lot lower
than than the reward of you finding like
a cool chick who will understand you and
not be a fucking cunt and then you live
like great marital bliss or you know
relationship bliss domestic bliss
question do you think a high low libido
is a result of high testosterone in
women I've thought that I have high
testosterone for a while but I've never
gotten tested um I have like I think
it's normal my skin is pretty good now
but even into like my early twenties I
had like a little bit of acne i when i
take progesterone which is the the
female naturally-occurring
testosterone alternative I'm not a
biologist by any means but um you can
take progesterone and it's like a low
dose progesterone for birth control
every time I take that at bucks week so
I feel like it's just like testosterone
supplement overload type thing and era
this is all pseudoscience but I do feel
like a lot of my masculine traits my
ability to see things more objectively
to not really have emotions and I have a
maternal instinct to be into more
male-dominated fields like video games
stuff like that I feel like a lot of it
probably does have to do with some kind
of masculine genetic traits or maybe
some kind of hormonal imbalance I'm like
I've always thought I wanted to go to a
psychologist and see if maybe there's
actually some difference in my brain
that makes me different because I always
feel so different from other women but I
know there's a lot of women that are
like me I'm not like a special snowflake
or anything but I feel like a lot of
even the girls like the stick girls or
like the really smart girls like blonde
in the belly of the beast or roaming
millennial they still have that like
maternal instinct they still want to
settle down have family is very
conservative women who like want to fit
into the gender role and stuff and while
I do believe most women will be happier
doing the basic biological gender roles
that are you know in our biology because
of evolution
um I'm not one of them and it's weird
it's like I don't have this like
maternal instinct to raise kids and
stuff you know it's like where do I live
Las Vegas Nevada in the city since this
year last year this year did the Ponca
ever apply about the people Pastis yeah
on on Twitter she retweeted it and said
I need these
I love Stefan cuz she's she's awesome
can I gave in how do you send a super
chat you at the bottom there's like a
picture of like emoji and then next to
it there's a picture of super chat it's
like a money money sue bowl kind of
looks like a like a Bitcoin symbol or
something but money the s with the line
do I miss Washington um okay so I was
apprehensive about moving to Las Vegas
oh thank you you can always talk to me
and the women in my dreams and chat and
you won't look like a creep and if you
look like a creep and someone says
something I will always back you up I'll
be like fuckin freedom of speech freedom
of expression he's not touching you shut
your cunt mouth because I will always
defend someone's right to speak even if
they are against what I believe in
anyway what were you saying missing
Washington yes okay so I was
apprehensive about I feel like I'm
losing my voice because I'm trying to
kind of project my voice for the mic um
I was apprehensive about moving from
Washington because I really do like
Washington in terms of the foliage I
know it's a weird thing to care about
but the climate and the foliage other
than the summers are kind of hot but I'm
in Vegas summers are hot here um I
thought I would miss the trees the
freshness the the pine smell and all
that stuff and just like
the areas I don't know but I don't I
mean I miss my parents I miss being
close to my parents I'm really sad that
my cat never got to meet their cat and
it's never going to happen in their
lifetimes because there's no way neither
of either of us are flying down with
cats you know my parents are coming in
April so that's cool and probably in the
summer as well shut your cunt mouth but
um I don't know I I don't even feel
different I I sometimes realize that
there's nice nice palm trees around me
and everything down here seems to be
more recently built it's like I feel
like uh I think this date gets the most
federal funding or something and we have
like a I could be making shit up I just
remembering wrong but um we we have like
a the resort fees at hotels and we have
like a huge booming like tourist
attraction here so I think like things
down here just nicer I don't know things
seem nicer unless you're like on the
strip and then you go directly off strip
hell hole don't go there but like out
where I live then it's really nice how
many times a week do I go live I never
go live from YouTube I go live on Twitch
I try to go live every single day on
Twitch but I can't because I have my
YouTube as my first priority um I want
to start doing random patrons dreams
like this where I just talked to patrons
but I only have like a hundred something
viewers right now and I feel like I'd
have like five if I did it on patreon
and I'm always trying to like like work
around my patron schedules but they all
have such different schedules a lot of
them are from Europe some of them aren't
and I'm just really bad at keeping like
a real schedule
wedgies are a category for what for porn
I feel like there's a category for
everything you could literally go like
girl sitting in chair fully clothed
staring at the camera or and that would
be a thing
they're like ac/dc yeah I like some it's
not like one of my favorite bands or
anything
phantom guys with shaved heads the only
guys I'm attracted to the shaved head
our guys that kind of look like
neo-nazis or black dudes and sometimes
like Latino dude I don't usually like
regular white guys with fully shaven
heads I don't know I also don't like
buzz cuts on anyone but black guys I
hate like when white guys have buzz cut
the closest to buzz cuts I can go for
white guys is like the military jarhead
type cut but I still don't like that Wow
Juan Carlos there's your kiss they were
men of all time Pink Floyd you don't
like watching people do it I feel like
you should try to get over how
uncomfortable it makes you feel like
maybe just like force yourself to watch
it just to watch it like a few minutes a
day or something or a few minutes a week
and see if that changes see if it's just
like the stigma around it and see if you
start to enjoy it just don't like allow
yourself to enjoy it
but if you don't you don't have to my
favorite porn is high-production porn
high production like no more than like
two girls sometimes like more guys but I
don't like male porn stars so weird I
think this is a lot of a projection from
J like J's projected this on me the
whole like lots of guys in porn
Jay's gayest book that's what it sounds
like but no J just likes to watch girls
feel like gangbang stuff and I don't
think I had that strong of an opinion on
it until I started watching it a lot
with Jay and you can't get into my
hedonistic lifestyle that's fine
not for everyone nothing I do is for
everyone
shoutout to hey Zeus della Maura
whoo you just made a friend bro
that wasn't even a super-tight he just
said he had no friends and I felt that
you know shoutout no reason how do you
how do you decide on fetish topics the
fans at this Friday sometimes I polled
people other times I just do what I feel
like doing right now I have like a
backlog of things I want to do ever
since I moved to Vegas and I have more
options in like more room I've had a
backlog of things I want to do and I I
keep getting like cool stuff like you
know these kind of pasties and I think
like oh I have this cool lingerie outfit
would just kind of paste these or like
Adam and Eve recently send me sent me
some new stuff for a video and they
always send me a lingerie item with it
so if I do the laundry item I might like
you know like play around in that as I
get faster but Friday to you I watch
Annabelle peek sometime yeah but it's
mostly because Jay um I I feel like
she's too trashy looking for me which is
nice too uh I like her in in porn with a
bunch of black dude I don't know it's so
fun to watch like a kind of a rocker
chick get fucked by black dudes I don't
know it's a fetish is race in that way
for my porn viewing experience not in
real life not like I don't you know
whatever I don't have to say that with
you guys you guys let me show you one
thing
Oh dogs are cat both of them but I used
to think both of them straight down the
line like hundred percent of spooky but
since I've gotten a cat cat definitely
because cats are sort of okay so I
always feel like people who really love
dogs and not every person obviously but
a lot of people who really love dogs and
disparage cats they're insecure people
who need companionship at all costs like
unconditional companionship I see dogs
as like the dumb like oh my god he's old
well my guys home I love him forever no
matter what and then I see cats is like
they're calculating and their love for
you is conditional and they can fend for
themselves but they do love to cuddle it
makes the times that they'll cuddle with
you and the times that they're just
laying there to lay there with you it
makes that more
more meaningful to me and I identify
more with the cat personality I don't
know I like it
Larkin love did a black did Bank
gangbang she's a rocker type chick
that's so cool I like that juxtaposition
it's sexy I don't know
oh that's not guys that put women on a
pedestal I feel like you for doing that
for a fetish oh my god Joey stop please
you don't have to give me money like
this is such a problem um a lot of
people who like when they find a cool
chick they'll like start white knighting
her a lot and like protecting her too
much
and like giving her money just because
you know I don't know like I guess it's
okay when you see like a guy give a
bunch of money to like let's say a cam
girl you give her a lot of money because
you're getting a service and because you
feel less alone um but at the same time
I don't like I wish everyone was stable
mentally and could understand that any
time you give someone money even if that
person is your friend but he's doing a
job for you it's a transaction and some
people start expecting too much of the
girl like it breaks my heart on both
sides to see a guy who's really in love
with a girl and a girl who's like hey
he's a cool dude but he is just you know
one of my you know cam girl money dudes
or whatever and you build a rapport with
your viewer base but at the same time
it's scary to feel like some guys might
expect you to then become their
girlfriend you know if everyone had a
healthy mindset about it and everyone
was like yeah you know I'm sponsoring
your content cuz she makes me feel good
and it doesn't matter why she makes me
feel good or you know she's a friend of
mine and I want to support her that's
cool but like expecting more because you
give money or expecting more because you
support or expecting more because you do
something likes to share a video or
something it's helpful and people
appreciate it but you shouldn't ever do
anything with the expectation that
you're gonna get anything more than the
intrinsic selfish feeling of I did a
good thing or now I'm helping out you
know you should never expect anything
crazy back and sometimes when I see
these relationships where it's like beta
male and this actually goes with the
question about putting men on a pedestal
sometimes I'll see these like
these beta men and these alpha women and
these beta men will be giving these
alpha women money and it's like as long
as you're in the right headspace like
with me in Robert tongue I have it I
have a fucking money slave okay I have a
a money come slut slave right I have one
of them
his name is rubber tongue I've had a few
others and I have like a point five one
but I actually care about Robert tongue
rubbers I was only person I would give
my home address to kind of funny and
like he trusts me not to show his face
to anyone and I trust him with so much
it's such a great relationship but at
the end of the day if he came here and
expected to do anything other than lick
my floor clean I would be like it's a
fuck out of here creep like what the
fuck in the nicest way possible
obviously it goes the same way for
people showing up at Philip defranco's
house like oh my god are showing up in
his studio when I heard that people were
doing that or people showing up at jenna
Marbles his house Jenna and what's the
face I don't know I don't watch your
content anymore that much thoughts on
thinning hair on men
I find it unattractive although it is a
sign of having a lot of Stas drone which
is cool
um I think you need to take care of it
well and then I can be attracted to you
again like if you shave your head or if
you get the you can get a hair
transplant which is a very expensive I
don't know it seems very expensive and
very I don't know if they had good -
hair transplantation I don't know much
about it then sure but um I would
recommend if someone has thinning hair -
just shave it all off and then get the
the pigmentation the hyper pigmentation
where they tattoo dots on your head so
it looks like you just have like a shave
haircut who care just for me when I when
I look at it I get the visceral I'm not
attracted what if the hair is too
thinning a little bit of thing is fine
and being bald is fine although it's not
my favorite kind of guy like I said
before favourite Pink Floyd song of all
time it's hard it's like I really like
the message in dogs I really like the
message and keep talking learning to fly
young lost I don't know there's so many
fucking Division Bell everything on the
wall wish you were here
I really like the pulse version of a lot
of the songs better than the originals I
don't know why
I feel like they're so amazing live I've
never seen them live but on pulse Wow oh
my god what are in so I don't know what
in cells are I thought that was just
like another big town thing this bra I
got from Hollister you can go to
Hollister Co hol hol L ist er sto calm
and right now they have these go to the
bralette section my girls bra let's sit
there
I'm like a fucking holstered lover
favorite Slipknot song up
I don't know fuck dude
I would say okay I love so many like of
the creepy Slipknot songs but I wouldn't
say that they're my favorite songs and I
like a lot of the new songs but I
wouldn't say they're my favorite songs
like he'll pop like that but then like
the older stuff like on Iowa and volume
threes really good to you even though
that people say that's where they're
falling off and stuff self-titled album
fuck I don't know dude
men who never had sex in camp
okay Thank You Joey Joey's talking me
money stop it um my thoughts on people
who never have sex you can why I don't
care that sucks if you want to have sex
what do you mean like can't you mean
like physically or like they're ugly
it's so it's just hard for them to get
girl I think there's someone for
everyone um so if you're talking about
someone who's just like not attractive
or whatever as long as you're not trying
to punch above your weight like super
far there are you know as long as you
can stand looking like being with
someone that looks like you or being
with someone that's on your level you
can definitely find someone it might not
be an ideal relationship you know I've
always been against the whole like a lot
of people say like go to relationships
require a lot of work I've never I've
never agreed with that and then I
thought about it and I thought about
like my social status and how I've been
able to be picky and choosey and how I
have this great relationship with Jade
that you know at times he can be
annoying or at times we can have an
argument but I never feel like it's work
you know I've never felt like just being
around Jai or just keeping like the
rapport good with Jay as work ever and I
think it's because he and I have this
kind of like allowing us to be ourselves
together kind of thing so it's kind of
like we coexist and I don't know ugly
like me can't talk to women find you
creepy or women find you creepy woman
won't like you women don't like you now
but they would if you worked on yourself
100% if you worked on yourself for you
and I'm not saying
I'm not saying at all to like change
yourself for someone else literally
change yourself to be the vision of a
person you would want to be while you're
doing that women will flock to you they
might not be the hottest women it
depends on how successful you are with
your transformation but like if you want
to be healthier make yourself healthier
if you want to be more outspoken and
entertaining be fucking entertaining and
outspoken just work on it work on your
fucking introversion I I'm an I'm an
introvert too but I'm also an extra I'm
like both I feel like everyone's kind of
bull but I'm like a hundred percent an
extrovert and a hundred percent an
introvert I think a lot of my
introversion comes from my misanthropy
where I just don't like people but I
don't what's the 80/20 rule
yeah confidence can be attractive I
agree Debbie that baby
by the way I feel like if every guy got
an interesting haircut got in shape
enough to where they didn't have like a
bunch of excess fat or they weren't like
the skinniest twig ever um they kept up
with her hygiene and they could tell
jokes they wouldn't be flowing and pussy
just blowing guys don't have to set the
bar that high for how attractive they
are physically women don't either but
women compete with themselves they
compete with other women whereas men
like women just want someone who makes
them laugh they want someone who takes
care of themselves and has ambition
that's it
and I'm not talking about me cuz I set
the bar kind of high but with it the
general average women women don't give a
shit they they don't care about the way
that you look they're not super sexual
beings on average they just want someone
who has ambition who can protect and
support their family and that's not a
gold-digger thing it's a biological
thing women want someone who can fend
for their family who's strong enough and
who has enough money to support to their
family if something were to happen to
their careers or if they want to settle
down and take care of the kids that's
what they want they want someone to make
them laugh they want a friend in their
partner and otherwise they're not gonna
go for the hot biker dude for very long
they want someone they could settle down
that's one short guys you guys are
fucked I'm sorry but they're still there
are people out there that will date you
but you guys are pretty fuck I don't I
don't know many girls at least girls who
could be choosy I don't know many girls
that are like hmm
I would pick you know ha ha the short
guy they always take tall dark and
handsome but at the end of the day like
I said all they really want is the one
who can protect defend and support their
family that they want to grow with that
first Jays six-foot ya Babcock's my real
last name you heard it you don't say
fuck you to me I'm telling you like it
is reflect on it just thank you seem to
be so afraid of yourself and you're
afraid miss of yourself is what's a
turn-off to women like women suck people
suck I agree but I really feel like if
you do that oh I'm not saying like see
like that type of thing women will never
be attracted to you not being assertive
like women want assertive men most of
the time even if they don't think they
want it I think they do there are a lot
of things that women will inherently
want that isn't even like a conscious
thing it's just like a biological thing
in my opinion but what is the youngest
guy you would have sex with if there
were no limit 16 years old probably but
he would have to be super hot or like I
would have to be like super sex third do
you agree with me Oh be you're like
super into the lakes like big cow red
pelvic do you agree like I really feel
like women are saying that they want
this like caring nurturing like girly
guy who wants to talk about shopping and
shoes but really what they want is to be
thrown down and fucked
consensually they want someone will take
care of their shit who can fucking solve
their problems I'm no different like
obviously I'm into like really strong
guys or whatever consciously but and I
can take care of my shit like I'm pretty
independent as far as women go but I
really enjoy just being like frustrated
it's something I know I can fix and then
Jay comes and fixes fixes it for me like
Jay will often fix computer problems I'm
having that I don't even need him to
think I'm just like I don't want to deal
with it
Jay and I could totally do it on my own
if I sat there and like figured it out
or over but it's nice to have someone
who can take care of you know yeah like
if you're taking care don't say sorry
it's fine to do like um if you if you
will like take care of your own stuff
even if a woman doesn't come you feel so
much better about yourself you'll exude
confidence it I know it's easier said
than done you don't know where it start
you're like not really self-aware about
the things that are making you
unattractive but look into a lot of
mgtow stuff they'll figure it out don't
figure it out do they want a gay guy
best friend yeah they want a gay guy
best friend and then when they get it
they're turned off it's like the fuck
holy shit yeah I never give up be
yourself live life for you and the right
person will come along and love you for
you sounds corny but it's true I agree
like self-improvement if you if you're
looking for like a significant other and
that's what you feel like is missing in
your life you're probably just
projecting things that you you know you
don't have a grasp on if you're if
you're working really hard in your
career if you're working really hard on
yourself if you're improving improving
on your goals spending time with your
friends and family if you're working on
hobbies you're not gonna be spending
time and thinking about if you're lonely
or if you just like really want a
companion but while you're working on
those things the right person will just
show up at like an event you go to or at
your job or
new endeavor or hobby that you decide to
partake in
I don't know yes stop putting woman on a
pedestal true
if you want to find like a woman that's
gonna like settle down with you and if
you wanna find if you're in the mating
like scene you know there are certain um
watch stefan molyneux watch stefan
molyneux i don't agree with everything
he says but he's like a good intro to
this kind of stuff talking about biology
what women want
um how like a millennial men and women
are like setting themselves up for
failure just a bunch of stuff no you
should just like open your mind expand
your mind and watch some people that you
would normally say fuck that guy dude
alright fellas name like Stefan Molly
yeah I think it's like that yeah stefan
molyneux i don't agree with everything
he says like sometimes I feel like he's
a little bit ridiculous but he's not a
coldly okay look at him from just a guy
on the internet speaking about something
you don't have to worry about like
watching videos of cult leaders when you
are thinking about things objectively
and critically cuz you could just go
like you could pinpoint exactly where he
starts to veer off into like a cult
mentality if you're worried about that
and just be like that's bullshit now
moving on to this point that he actually
made this good and then you can
extrapolate from what he says what you
will the point is listen to things that
go against what you believe because that
will expand your mind and like it'll
make your argument for what you believe
just like stalwarts just like strong and
impenetrable because you know the other
side's argue also you don't need to give
me money I'm reading what you're saying
you refuse to support the right wing I'm
right wing ish just a little bit Thank
You rocket more foot foot I know it's
low quality folks I'm wearing sonic
socks but its footing on the Left thank
you I appreciate it
pet play is that like um like Daddy
little girl or wherever the fuck
daddy daddy domination little girl my
cutoff is five seven and that and that
standard is set by Corey Taylor there
you have it
six foot too short too short hmm do I
remember a Nintendo 64 yeah I actually
unboxed my Nintendo 64 it's in the other
room right now I think I'm gonna put it
for my display on my gaming channel try
watching some right-wing media I
recommend I recommend watching ben
shapiro and stefan molyneux but stefan
molyneux more for the like mig tau ish
aspect watch his videos where he talks
to viewers and he talks about like he uh
he didn't want on polyamory where some
girl wanted to be polyamorous and like i
don't agree with everything stefan
molyneux says about polyamory but he
like drops truth bombs about like the
the nature of humans and it's stuff that
it's hard to listen to at first
especially for somebody's never been
into that but what why do you why do you
define your life by needing a girlfriend
Jojo like why is that such a big deal if
you want to just have sex just hire a
hooker or something but otherwise girls
you don't need a person in your life to
be fulfilled like that should be like an
end game and plan my prime is done and
now I'm settling down kind of thing or
like oh we're just having fun and it's
not that big of a deal kind of you know
you really think I'm gonna say that
there's anything that's too big at any
age
come on come on oh I should do double
feet let's see if I can do it ah double
feet woo 2.1 for each dollar alright
thank you
five inches four or five inches is good
enough to please any woman um almost any
woman
women have like deeper vaginas
but even even then you always have your
hands you have your tongue you can just
get really good at culling us you know
favorite n64 game okay so I hate
first-person shooters but maybe
Goldeneye
I have like the most I have the fondest
memories also I don't like when when 64
came out like I was really pissed off
that like Donkey Kong and Mario they
both went nuts Reedy I like
side-scrollers I was I'm really good at
feds colors I was really annoyed that
all of like my favorite stuff also I
think my favorite era was ps1 I think my
favorite era gets one ps1 or ps2 I'm not
sure writing about penis piercing J
Pierce is on dick one it was crazy
he pierced his friend ulam I was like
you just did that like without any
anesthesia without any like medical
China you took one of my earrings and it
still hasn't closed up holy fuck
you want me to take my stands of it off
very unimpressive fat hair I've got
going on here
there we go merry holidays happy
Christmas by the way happy hanukkah
kwanzaa zalae I learned a lot about
Kwanzaa this year too
you should watch him I haven't I haven't
liked critically watched more on it I've
like read an article or two but you
should watch the steven crowder video on
Kwanzaa it's actually just like one dude
and it started in America or something
he's asserting and it's like really
interesting it's like a guy who was
awful and it doesn't have any backing in
like back in the day shit oh shit I got
checked my female privilege
while I get $2 from donations for being
a hot chick who toxin reconnections say
it keeps like disconnecting and then
reconnecting really weird mm Jay last
night set up an internet thing I'm not
very good he has a networking degree
which he doesn't know he doesn't know
anything but uh yeah he set up a
extender a Wi-Fi extender for me I don't
know why don't I use twitch I do this is
a friend net male so I decided to do a
live Friday night male I hate
survival-horror
I hate survival-horror I hate the rebel
horror I hate first-person and is there
any other type of game that I don't like
I like third-person shooters and I like
first person like shooters I just hated
the first-person aspect Oh show some
bare feet bare feet all right fine beep
oh yeah bare feet
sorry no only ones like this there you
go there you go that's all you get you
know you can't do this shit on Twitch
which actually like bans you for fetish
and weird fetish stuff like this at
least they used to before they allowed
girls to like work on stream and shit
male facial piercings I think it's okay
handcuffs in the bedroom I like
handcuffs in the bedroom I unfortunately
don't have a bedpost that's kind of just
like hog-tie hog-tie time I'm gonna play
Monster Hunter probably yes you know
what I really wish they would remake
monster rancher that would be good
what's GNR GNR reminds me of gr n which
is game release news but just the other
series I do o my channel what I'm trying
to think I'm so bad with abbreviations
literally the worst something could be
like you like tbh it's like what the
fuck is TV the big tear Babcock male
cosmetic surgery sure as long as it
doesn't make you look too effeminate
I always tell Jay that ok so you see how
my nose is perfectly like this J is
dipped here and then it like dips right
here like there's nothing here so if he
got that filled in you like don't even
know how much you're like small your
nose would look but I think big noses on
guys are manly so I don't even mind it
hmm using what and fanservice Friday
what are you talking about God Emperor
Trump thank you for the $2 by the way
what is GNR I probably know guns and
roses okay yeah I don't like Guns and
Roses that much honestly I think Werner
she's talking goat nerdy ropes
that's rush shit let me fucking choke
myself with the thought of goat nerdy
rope oh yes go nerdy ropes Paulie fuck
why would guns and wrote I guess cuz
it's an end like Guns and Roses
I don't like abbreviations it's like if
you were like MMO P Metallica Master of
Puppets I'd be like what the fuck is
that
what I think about guys who busted nut
to my videos you guys are weird there's
porn but I'm completely fine with it you
know it's flattering as fuck thank you I
appreciate it
I appreciate all of the loads you should
freeze that shit cryogenically and like
send it to me but don't actually do that
that's on Assassin's Creed I am a big
proponent of Assassin's Creed because
when I played the first one let me tell
you I was like this is the best game
fucking ever I was going around
collecting all the little fucking
feather things and I was like oh my god
oh using handcuffs than hog-tying I
thought about doing that I also thought
about doing like a video where I try to
get out of hog-tying you know like
there's like the murderer escape videos
and stuff I want to start doing stuff
like that but honestly with all the like
moving around I would have to do I want
to be like my perfect body and I want to
do it in like a bikini I think that
would be hot
women hate men who find them attractive
that's not true women like you to chase
them but they don't want to admit it
also if you're creepy they're gonna hate
you so just don't be creepy I know it's
easier said than done
but be confident and like standoffish
and like oh you know if you like treat
women like shit in a charming way
they're probably gonna like you more
than if you treat them well most of the
time if you were here in front of me
Joey I could teach you exactly how not
to be creepy and exactly what you do
that makes things creepy I can literally
do that I should start a service that's
just like teach me how to be attractive
to the average female biological mindset
LLC's what was he talking about before
this before the hog-tying shit look at
my Sonic's dog they're so cute they look
like shit when I have them on because
like I said my fucking calves stretch
too much stretch them out who was I
talking about before
women think a man is creepy when he's
not confident and he appears to be too
interested in her without her being
interested in him first when women just
there's just things they'd like stood
off creepy Flags started like you would
have to do something creepy and then I
would tell you exactly what it is oh
yeah I have some nudes I post them like
nudes from my phone like it's like
called selfie simulation on patreon but
I also have like news from when I shot I
tested Playboy I didn't shoot I am
tested with the photographer and he sent
this stuff in I have those and then I
have another one that I like I mean yeah
they they shouldn't say creepy because
nowadays people will send like a fucking
bomb but I'm gonna just fucking always
have proof of you not doing rape stuff I
don't know it's hard for men I don't
have all the answers
oh they're talking about before
I just brushed some interested women
aside is that okay uh yeah you're gay
fuck dude why am I so confident about
everything I don't know who ez can
become for them Assassin's Creed yes
okay so I played the first Assassin's
Creed and I thought it was godlike and I
got like a fucking hundred percent I
think I got a trick did I get a platinum
trophy I don't even know but then I um I
went and played every single one up
until Brotherhood which is my favorite
one
and I went back and played the first one
after that and I was like this is mind
numbingly awful and then since then I've
played every single one until the new
one I haven't played is it origin I
haven't played the new one and I haven't
finished I'm halfway through the the one
with Evie and what's the face or
whatever um I what I really love about
the Evie one and the one before that I
forget which one it was that I played
before that it might not even be
chronologically the one before that the
two that have murder mysteries mom I
love the murder mystery side quest it's
my like one of my favorite things in
video games of all time but uh even
though Assassin's Creed got a little bit
repetitive and in the open-world nough
skilled it a little bit it's the one of
my favorite franchises because I don't
know I just I can't get that out of my
heart I find it fun to play
I find the stories fun to get through I
find the side quests often when they're
not the stupid monotonous ones I find
them really fun all this shit what's
pissing you off now do do ask read
don't live your life in fear it's not
that rampant it's not that rampant I
mean you can like drink next to girls
you can talk to girls you can whatever
the fuck just as soon as you get the
vibes that they're being come to you
just leave
oh I'm sorry to hear that I think older
people are often set in their ways I
feel like 53 is not that although you'd
be set in your ways I would say more
like grandma age is when you start
getting like oh I'm racist that's my
best grandma and presenation
but yeah I don't play pop G or fortnight
no log darksouls just slowly quickly
becoming one of my favorite series of
all time I'm I'm torn about Batman
sometimes I talk shit about Batman
sometimes I like Batman overall I like
Batman I just don't like some of his
backstory and some of his intentions I
don't know he doesn't seem like the most
like what is this thing on my head it's
like what is that it's the weird
I don't know got like a vein going on in
my head or something I haven't seen the
new Star Wars no I'm like really
disappointed in all the new one oh shit
I mean Ben Affleck is the best to me
because I adore Ben off like he's my bag
is Mike my god man am i excited for New
Year's No
our farm guys I read that as Sam guys
I'm like what the fuck are you talking
about against that's a shit fuck yeah I
think I think anything where there's a
stereotype like that could be hot
I remember that there's like some podunk
ass towns in Washington where I used to
live where people like actually still
have farms and drive tractors and I'm
there were these guys quadding one and I
was up in my female friends house and I
was like these guys are so hot I want to
go bought him with him so I decided to
go quadding with them and she was like
I'm just gonna stay home you're gonna go
get you know me and trouble or whatever
and I went quadding with them and
nothing came in but I didn't fuck them
or anything but when I got home she was
really mad at me and for like Guardians
they weren't her parents they like took
me home it was sad I was sad I didn't
get to spend time with my friends
because I chose men I tried to tell you
I wish you were here so I could like
show you exactly what the the pudding is
someone on the pedestal and the mood
swing those are two ways and the lack of
confidence and the the overly paranoid
fear those are things you need to get
over also the like righteous indignation
against everyone right-wing and stuff
like in every other opinion I feel like
you probably come off the people is too
intense I don't know you in real life so
it's like hard but no I mean just like
it I I don't watch movies that often
especially ones that are like in
theaters or like recently in the
theaters yeah any time you find yourself
being a really emotional just you don't
have to like do meditation but like just
try to like find a center like listen to
some calming music it's like chill out
shit you know I don't know you seem
super like high-strung and I understand
why you are I understand your concerns
but I feel like you're overplaying your
concerns a little bit and this isn't
just coming from like me the privileged
white girl or whatever it's coming from
like a place of like if you don't take
these risks in your life and you don't
take these chances and you don't like
try to improve yourself like you're not
gonna be a good mate
what I think of Trisha Paytas I love
Trish your faces I honestly do
and from everything from her troll
videos back in the day for like her
mental breakdowns in her like just
staunch honesty I love it
she's like she sent me a really sweet
message one like um in my she watched my
Smasher past video and I said like she's
the antithesis of everything physically
like her body because obviously I don't
like like a lot of extra fat on a girl
but um she was like even though I'm
mirror antithesis or whatever a body
shape I've always found you really
pretty and I followed you something my
space days and I'm like oh I I think
Tricia would be like one of the hottest
chick ever if she looks like lost weight
or kept the weight off
I think after her lipo her shape got
better but um I think she's gorgeous
like her face is just oh my god so
pretty
friends with benefits obviously I'm for
it because you know I do that
if I was if I could make a Star Wars
movie how would it be I would combine
the goodness okay so I I think you
probably don't want my opinion after
this when I talked about this a little
bit today my favorite episodes are 1 2 &
3 / 4 5 & 6
I like 4 5 & 6 but I feel like a lot of
us really like all of it is really
fringing 1 2 3 4 5 & 6 are all crunchy
I think Jar Jar yes is cringy and I
think I understand why a lot of people
dislike him but I think he's he's
likable I don't know he's a likable
cringe anyway so I would combine the
goodness of all six of the like original
episodes and just take out the cringe I
would want it to be epic I would want it
to be a story you can really feel for I
would want it to be I wouldn't want to
feel like constantly I'm being pandered
to about how women should be empowered
and oh we got a black lead character
which I really I really feel like it's
happening I they cast a lot of not
likable people in my opinion in rogue
one but I really liked rogue one better
than the force awakens um I don't know I
just feel like they're they're making it
to not the way it's supposed to be but I
don't have a strong opinion on this I
don't feel like I can make it better
oh yeah that's a cool bra oh yeah
I hate the way kylo Ren looks they cast
so many fucking derp you looking I don't
know yeah if you don't have the
confidence take it till you make it Jay
Eric jade postponed DJ that's weird
Jay Munna I'm gonna give you a bond
because I like people on here that I
know who have mod f mod how do I do it
from here oh these are super chats what
the fuck am I looking at once that guy's
j-mo just like family chat if you can't
can moms give someone mod what is
happening alright well next time Jamie
talks I'm watching it I'm watching that
shit oh this is like super behinds
nevermind
Demi's talking now Oh Jamie just did
just uh oh there is talking I can't do
it on this screen I can only do it on
the other screen anything oh there we go
oh I'm just gonna click it it's
impossible to click did I add you as
moderators yeah I did it woo ah am i
super laggy for you guys I think I'm a
little bit laggy I'm sorry about what I
don't I have shit interaction down here
I feel like I'm getting sick from
talking too much
holy fuck
yeah if you start liking yourself other
people will start like if you don't even
like yourself why would anyone want to
be around you you know be a person who's
likable improve yourself yeah I sound
like I'm gonna say I think I'm just
losing my voice or something era I
should probably get going I want to play
some bass I'm starting to get a headache
from the lights and stuff so I
appreciate you guys coming here spending
time with me watching me unbox things I
really love you guys and I appreciate
everything you do for me all the super
tats are unnecessary you guys are
amazing though I actually make um I
think last time I checked which was
yesterday I make like 100 $3 day off of
the ad revenue on my fucking three
hundred thousand fucking million view a
month channel so it means a lot to me
that you guys are supporting me and
supporting me on patreon if you do
supporting me on Twitch you guys are
just fucking amazing fanservice as
always is over on patreon it's never
gonna come back to YouTube or anything
like that yeah I'm gonna go play play
base on my twitch channel thank you easy
with who I appreciate it I love you guys
you guys are amazing have a wonderful
holiday season and I hope you enjoyed
listening to August Burns Red the album
is called August Burns Red presents
blood and Hill a holiday album it's some
good shit some fucking good clean
holiday fun metallized I love you guys
you're amazing I'll see you in the next
video and I'll see you over on Twitch if
you guys wanna come watch twitch TV
slash Tara Babcock I'll probably start
the stream like 5 10 minutes I just go
like lean up here a little bit I love
you guys twitch TV / Tara Babcock I'll
see you over there you guys are amazing
mwah happy holidays bye guys
