hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Tara Reid's fucking comments why yes I
am wearing one of my merch shirts I
fucking love it
I think the white one fits a little bit
better than the black one but they both
look fucking amazing and this is
basically the Tara cleavage shirt
perfected because it's gaming-related in
the days to come I am gonna be doing a
video all about the shirts where I try
on all the different shirts and I show
you the men's versions anyway today I
went back to my video on religion and
went back to it because someone asked me
to link a video on my religious beliefs
and oh my god I got roped into looking
at the comment section oh so many gems
let's get into it the Atheist does not
believe in the Creator but he cannot
give a good theory to explain the
creation as if your reasoning is a good
one there's actually a specific fallacy
to explain this argument okay what it's
called not that there isn't a ton of
scientific proof
it's basically an irrefutable objective
fact these days I love how he thinks so
that a religious explanation does denote
a good theory also I don't like
transgender people not it's them being
transgender so to speak it's the idea of
a chick with a dick that makes me sick
because I think it's okay if a guy wants
to be a girl but the guy has to give up
his dick you can't have the best of both
worlds this sounds extremely jealous
that person is a chick and also gets to
have a dick that's disgusting and
shouldn't happen this is the logic a lot
of people use to say that I'm not a
gamer I can't be attractive and be a
gamer that's like the best of both
worlds yet again another logical fallacy
okay so I'm only gonna read a little bit
of this but feel free to pause and read
the rest of it because it is a gem if
there is no God how did humans come okay
when a man loves a woman very much he
may allow her to jerk his penis that's
how a human comes please don't tell me
you're one of those stupid believers in
monkeys evolving into humans through the
years theory if that was sure that we
wouldn't have any monkeys today because
they all became humans 1 million years
ago right let's get to the third point
third about homosexuality in my opinion
regardless of any religions I totally
believe it's wrong because it makes no
sense to me and it's disgusting
especially for males especially for
males what's the point of having the
other gender then do you see homosexual
animals actually yes no I don't think
there is it doesn't make sense to them
how come it does too
first of all if that were true there's a
lot of things we've evolved into making
sense for us that doesn't make sense to
an animal that's part of us being a
higher level sentient being holy shit I
like this one error 404 stereo tips it's
okay I forgive you not found that's why
I subscribed thank you here's another
one from the religion video obviously
you hate religion because you are
disgusting sluts how can I saw even live
saying this you're right I find it hard
to live all the time with my rationale
alright here we go here's another rant
your perspective is done for a person
whose purpose in this lifetime is gaming
atheists try to feel better by being the
sluttiest they can they don't call
blondes dumb for nothing and then
religion is self-control read the Koran
udom minded blog posting shits one more
one more your physical appearance is not
you that will fade as your age your
dirty soul is who you are for someone
who thinks they are intelligent you're
too shallow tell me what you see when
you look in the mirror a hot happy chick
who would never be sad enough suppose
this many stupid-ass comments with
terrible fucking grammar thank God I am
NOT you thank you in advance Anthony
Thomas this is an amazing comment she's
the type of girl I wouldn't blow my load
on for a month so after the month is up
she just gets a huge fat load on her
face a fucking honor thank you nice
plastic face Badcock parentheses space
on the end of the day my comment space
space bringing you money so you win bad
cock and parentheses I don't think you
know how earning money on YouTube works
haha I believe in alternate universes
alternate universes what and there are
other versions of ourselves living in
that universe and they also believe in
past lives because of the videos on
YouTube I've seen it hurts did you get
some Botox here to fix this grammar
anxiety I have I'm gonna have a grammar
aneurysm from people like this also I
can't what is he even saying you must be
spaced it's very proud for dumbhead
Hitler for gay Nazi and the ovens guests
I am very proud for dumbhead Hitler and
for gain Nazi in the ovens a Nazi and
the ovens sounds like a really good band
name who wants to be in my band gay not
seeing the ovens hit me up I'm the bass
player and frontwoman did
here's something retarded as fuck did
your proud parents gave you your name
Tara Babcock yes that does happen to be
my family name are you five well if it
is and you were born porn star bitch
let's see how long that fake pair of
boobs and that makeup face of yours
gonna last
cuz when you get old news I'm gonna give
a crap about you and your bullshit scam
whore sooner or later you will realize
that porn is the only one thing you're
good at
clueless bitch speaking creating
arguments writing and grammar are things
you are not very good at suffice it to
say you're probably not good at anything
so if porn is all I'm good at at least
I'm good at something hashtag Yoshi
problems you can say that again both in
mario world and here where i record
videos they're taking over men don't
care as the girls slut or not nobody is
perfect amen
why would you hit everything in front of
you even if it's not moving or attacking
you you have to find a friend in Dark
Souls in what world do you see this
gigantic guy in a Dark Souls game where
everything just fucks you in the ass
immediately as soon as you encounter it
do you think hmm maybe I should be
friends with this guy I know his death
is very sad
but I had no idea he was gonna be my
friend especially after the whole him
throwing a bunch of fucking spikes at me
thing hey Tara is it weird that I love
to jerk off to you know I feel like it
would be more weird if you didn't like
if you're just sitting there jerking out
and you're like I don't like this at all
that would be weird I agree with
everything but politics Trump is going
to be so much better than Obama and
Hillary it's quite weird I've literally
never heard anyone actually be in full
support of Trump want to have sex and
you suck my nine-inch dick and Lorde
borrows with the bird you spelled the
centimeter wrong I'm assuming 9
centimeters is extremely small I'll have
to go google it I am an ignorant
American
oh here's the gym you actually come
across as massively bitchy for that
reason I'm pretty sure you don't have
that many women friends also you are so
immature it's ridiculous when you
finally grow up your views will change
and if not you'll likely end up alone oh
god this is one of those monogamous for
life guys who like doesn't like other
dudes looking at his girlfriend no real
man could be in love with someone with
your attitude that Jay guys just a
little boy even the way he speaks is
like a bratty teenager you both have a
lot of growing up to do you can tell how
serious they take your comment my
immature self and my bride a little boy
will enjoy fucking playing video games
and having a great time until we die
enjoy your misery rjs ssj4 GOG fucker
gavage sin engager cat Corrado face roll
on the keyboard and almost build Kakarot
give you a thumbs up for that Jojo who
dick pussy how's my grammar probably
good for whatever language that was I
don't think the language that requires
you to roll your face on the keyboard
really has strict grammar rules
unpopular opinion Tara isn't even that
hot not meant to be offensive just an
unpopular opinion I'll take that as a
compliment I'm not that hot but still
hot and it's an unpopular opinion
because most people think I am that hot
Thanks bukkake boobs and we'll end this
video on a wonderful note I actually
have to go beyond the drunken peasants
podcast which you guys can probably see
up now on their YouTube channels you
should go check that out I also like the
video subscribe to the channel if you're
enjoying the content and keep posting
funny shit in the comments so that I
have more fodder for this series I
fucking love you guys if you want to
check out
new merchandise line checkout Scrimgeour
comm / store / tear Babcock link will be
in the description I will see you in two
weeks with another Tara Reid's comments
I am so happy to see you guys's comments
that you're laughing at this series
because if I can make you laugh I'm a
happy girl almost as happy as if I can
make you think or turn you on
