hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail I am so excited I am
wearing a shirt from my merchandise line
scrim gear calm / store / tara babcock
link will be in the description if you
want to check it out I have a bunch of
really awesome clothes for both males
and females or in between whatever but I
think this one is hilarious because even
though i don't really like the fit
because there's no cleavage it's kind of
constraining and then also stretched out
on my stomach which is a problem i have
when i wear non cleavage shirts it looks
like i still have cleavage so that's a
good thing and I know you guys are all
thinking I really hope someone sent her
something sexy this week so we don't
have to look at her without cleavage and
my retort is well at least I'm not
wearing a bra give you something to
think about right anyway I want to thank
you guys in advance for all the amazing
things i'm about to unbox i cannot
fucking wait there's so much shit so
much and i don't really deserve and I
just thank you so much for the thought
for the support you guys are just the
fucking best things in the world and I
know you hear it from me at least every
week but I want you guys to know I want
it to be ingrained in your brain that I
think positive fucking things about you
so you should thank positive things
about yourself and know that you are
fucking appreciated let's go ahead and
get started hello this is something a
very squishy I'm super excited so I'm
just gonna go at it and it's really
sticky on the outside we're just kind of
gross it's like somebody spilled their
fucking coffee on it but whatever we're
just gonna get in there get in there
uh-huh yet another thing for my Nintendo
chair I'm excited I didn't think he
would be so big he's so asian do you see
how like if they weren't asian
themselves this would be an extremely
racist fucking character but i love him
anyway i even when he jumps out of the
water and fucks me in the ass i still
love him thank you so much for this oh
this was actually a gift from Houdini on
twitch he bought it through twitch you
can actually gifts me things through
twitch instead of just donating and
instead of buying the one that he bought
which is the little flying coupe I
already have I decided to buy another
similarly priced plushie because i
already had the coupe of shipping to me
and I'm like well let's not do
duplicates let's get something with that
money that I really need an Asian
Nintendo puffer fish he's so cute one of
my favorite in my collection now I'm
excited next thing we have
is from China janana wha oh shit it's
another Mario guy food oh man i love
these plushies so much like literally
the best thing you can get me as a
plushie because plushies or what makes
my world go round like seriously like
look at this i could eat this with yoshi
but instead i'm gonna look at it and
think it's fucking adorable because how
fucking adorable is this thing oh my god
uh-huh he's so cute oh thank you so much
next we have something from spiral
direct I don't know what that is it's
like a sexy tank top shirt I believe
these are from Robert I'm not a regular
rose on this dress LMT LMT that kitten
is pretty smart oh this is cute he like
ripped the shirt shirts like ripped on
the sides I approve rubber tone I should
try these on let's do it wow the shirt
underneath is actually like a different
shirt I like it good boy rubber tongue
maybe I'll wait until the middle of this
video to try this one on I hate getting
something new and only wearing it for a
second before immediately switching to
something else next we have what seems
to be a game and one of those terrible
packages that will poop on me comes with
the water dear Tara I've been
contemplating writing to you for some
time I would like to start by saying how
much i love your blogs it was refreshing
to see a woman who's not afraid of or
sexuality i think you are a rare
combination of beauty and sexiness and
that is why I follow you there are
thousands of beautiful sexy people
scattered across the internet I follow
you because of your intellect it is
axiomatic and permeates from your
content to your audience this is why I
find it comical when I read the comments
of your videos where people refer you as
a dumb blonde or a slut it just shows
that they're missing the message and are
too focused on the venality of their own
lives to see the possibility of a
different way of thinking what you are
creating is the epitome of having a
voice and inspiring others reevaluate
how certain social constructs especially
when it comes to sexuality are defined
however when it comes to black culture I
feel like there are many misconceptions
which you may subscribe at the block my
life-circle my entire life with
confronting stereotypes in generalities
I've got many people assume things about
me and what approach me just because
they wanted some of my BBS a year they
never took the time to know me as Jason
stead of some black guy it is like
living in a glass house just because you
can see inside does not mean you know
all the details of the situation I would
love to hear your thoughts on this topic
as luminous beings it is our obligation
to cast light on all forms of
inequalities and social inaccuracies it
has an awful just like your BBC just
kidding which is what I get from most of
your videos incidentally we must always
be aware of our own light and ensure
that it does not cast shadows which will
distort the pier
ready of one's own message again I love
your blog so we'll continue to support
you on patreon on YouTube thank you and
just like one of your followers so
accurately said you are an awesome oh
god I remember that I know this is a
long letter and I appreciate you taking
the time to read it dirty underwear
vagina I love you dude you're awesome if
you ever think of me again or feel this
is the most absurd letter you've ever
read please consider these words people
act but they do not believe people
believe but they do not say people say
but they do not understand a huge fan
Jason yes I know how much you like DBZ
and do not remember if you mentioned
seeing the return of fries a movie just
in case you have not here's a copy i
hope you like it also do you play clash
of clans I don't thank you so much Jason
that was an amazing letter I really
appreciate the time it took you to write
that in all of your support and yeah I
guess I am guilty of fetishizing black
men but I'm totally fine with other
people fetishizing me the model the
youtuber the hot blonde chick the bimbo
whatever like sex is just sex obviously
if I was gonna have sex with you or be
your friend which I already kind of feel
this closeness to you it wouldn't be
because of that aspect of you it would
be because you are who you are and
you're awesome hopefully that makes as
much sense as I can make in like 10
seconds anyway Dragon Ball Z your
resurrection s and no I haven't seen it
thank you so much revenge takes its
final form you are an awesome next we
have this I have no idea what it is it's
my school girl outfit oh my god should I
put it on let's put it on oh my god this
looks hilarious on me so I'm gonna
assume that Alex got this for me because
she did recommend it to me so if i am
correct in this assumption thank you
Alex if not thank you whoever else this
is so cute I've always wanted to dress
like a gothic lolita or just like an
asian schoolgirl maybe this can be an
upskirt fanservice Friday oh I just
wrecked this fucking package LMT a true
pirate needs an eye patch how fucking
silly do I look I look fucking silly
don't I I'm gonna go ahead and use this
eyepatch for my third eye you guys know
what I mean I'm very intuitive what next
what is this oh shit this is another
thing for chase berth it's actually
hilarious because it's called grave
before shave this basically has beard
balm all beard stuff because day has
grown up pretty hefty beers and it also
comes with this for your beer cuz you're
a fucking badass if you've got a beard
can put it on his protein shakes good
boy rubber tongue I think you'll like
this he's been complaining about his
beard being crazy lately so should be
good and by the way his birthday is
Saturday so
you want to go to at Jack 05 on
Instagram and give him a follow I think
he'd appreciate that he's that BFF
forever and he's got that good dick
anyway next item oh shit it's another
shirt and it looks like this rock angel
should we put it on let's put it on uh
yes I feel like a true pirate now let's
put this on correctly that correctly and
I patch with a set of fake eyelashes is
not a good idea I like this shirts
pretty hot next box box Massacre 2016
too soon too soon oh yeah two things
that came from Houdini and I even wrote
a note to myself enjoy your gift from
Houdini it's at which gift Thank You
Houdini you're fucking amazing so this
is the Super Mario Brothers mini
classics and it's basically like one of
those Tamagotchi toys you know like the
little pets you have to feed except you
get to play classic Mario on it Thank
You Houdini and this next thing is my
Reese a persona figure from the game
dancing all night which I've never
played but I have played persona 4 and
she is my favorite character one of my
favorite characters in all of the
persona or Shin Megami Tensei games and
she looks really hot in this game I'm
not gonna lie I want to play it Oh
excited you are amazing Houdini I really
appreciate all of your support you
support me way too much nah well what
was kind of heavy a little cute box it
says ah it's from d blows hi Tara I was
just browsing through your Amazon wish
list and when I saw the lord of the race
trilogy oh my god thought it was
unacceptable that you did not have it
and I went ahead and fixed that for you
as I think it's the best trilogy ever
I've been wanting to watch these again
before watch the hobbit movies so dad
I'm so excited no way oh thank you team
lose your fucking amazing a blu-ray and
the extended edition oh this is the best
thing ever you are a god oh the quest is
over possess the complete adventure in
stunning blu-ray clarity and sound ah
this is what I'm gonna do this weekend
I don't know man I'm loving this gray
wrapping paper I think it's great I
guess it's kind of silver hi Tara
greetings from Canada enjoy your gift
from Calvin oh let's open them there's
nothing in this box oh my god another
one I am just fucking so spoiled looking
at me so cute so cute so cute these are
so cute cuz they're so tiny it's so
adorable I love it thank you so much
Kelvin with him oh my god oh I'm so glad
I put more plushies on my list he's even
got bean bags oh yay hmm I'm bad at
doing fish face oh this is awesome so
we've got two fishes and to caterpillar
sectioned beings obviously that's not a
caterpillar that's like a bunch of
cantaloupes together but whatever thank
you so much Calvin you are amazing
alright we have like four boxes left
let's first go with this one beware of
the dead LMT look how pretty this is I
know I have it wrapped around a box but
so pretty here such a pretty design
should we put it on just put it on so
pretty I like it with no bra Wow so my
fucking video actually cut out so I
don't know how much you guys missed that
fucking sucks usually it's fucking warns
me when my shits gonna stop recording
and I thank you guys so much for the
gifts that I'm sorry if they don't make
it on the video because of the stupid
video cuts oh I need to start paying
attention to my fucking laptop more they
totally didn't notice that it stopped
I'm so sorry choose from grants let's
just move on and hope that not too much
got cut out i am fucking awful bad Tara
next we have this books I feel so bad
now I really what most of it wasn't like
deleted or something I don't know oh the
note says Oh LMT that shiny stuff I
think you will look devilish in this
outfit and this is the fucking outfit
which I am totally using for a fan
service friday and i would put it on but
i don't want to get my shit flagged you
guys have seen enough cool outfits for
tonight hopefully this is a really
fucking hot it's like booty shorts with
titties outs also that's jessa hinton i
know her and like the devil fucking
tried and torn things that wherever the
fuck is coming out of her vagina this is
sick good boy rubber tongue does it come
with them
I should totally at least where the horn
there we go now I feel more like myself
I really hope you guys didn't miss out
on me completely geeking out at the
fucking lord the rings trilogy because
I'm gonna be so sad if that's not on my
fucking footage anyway last but not
least this is from Sean be there is one
of my favorite people ever and I do not
deserve him giving me things every
fucking week Sean you need to stop I am
NOT fucking worthy oh my god so we have
Captain America Titan hero series
fucking action figure oh my god hmm he's
got a little shield too i love it so
much thank you you are amazing Shawn
your gifts are like out of this fucking
world and the next thing we have in the
box Super Mario chest collector's
edition this is fucking awesome I don't
know how to play chess but I'm gonna
have J fucking teach me sabah's are
stupid Mario's troop and we have Mario
Luigi Princess Daisy Yoshi I just think
princess went up peach daisies also a
princess right I don't know much about
Daisy Yoshi toad and coin coins are just
like the fonz or whatever I don't even
know anything about fucking shit so the
pawns with the green shells for Bowser
and he also has Bowser Bowser jr. magic
koopa berto and Goomba and the goop is
so cute i love it oh my god is gonna be
the best way to learn fucking chest oh
my god best chess set ever and it's a
collector's edition you are amazing
because the next thing we have in here
is the magic the gathering arena of the
planeswalkers fucking board game I
already have this and i feel kind of bad
this is like the first time this has
ever happened to me where i already have
something and then someone gave it to me
and I I don't really know what I'm
supposed to do at this point am I
supposed to send it back to do you want
me to send it back to you or should I
just like keep it and have two of them
or should I give it away I don't know
what to do so fucking Sean posts in the
the fucking description the comments why
do I was called the description and let
me know we want me to do with this
because I can totally send it back to
you if you want it back if you want a
copy of your own but thank you so much
for the thought this is obviously like
an amazing gift for Meeks you guys know
that I love magic and Sean knows I love
magic and I really appreciate it any
way fucking awesome you are awesome and
you are just like the best ever like so
fucking supportive of me always giving
me the best most thoughtful fucking
gifts I hope you guys can hear me well
cuz my mic was turned again and have a
flurry of emotions right now because I
got some of the most amazing things this
time I got some amazing weird like
rocker clothes which is cool I got a
schoolgirl outfits I got the fucking
lord of the rings trilogy dragon ball z
movie aww so many fucking amazing things
I love so much Mario chess like that
just fucking takes the cake like what
the fuck and i also got from rubber
tongue some gifts for jay's birthday for
his beard so yeah and if you didn't
catch that Jays birthday is on Saturday
so if you want to follow him at Jack 05
on Instagram give him a little shadow
say happy birthday bro thanks for making
tears vagina feel good and supporting
her all these years yeah that would be
kind of cool also a lot of you guys
don't know what he looks like you guys
always ask what does he look like ah so
you can find out through that Avenue I
really appreciate everything you guys do
for me you do not have to feel obligated
to send me anything and if you do want
to send me something that's just a
letter do not be afraid to I fucking
love reading letters sometimes letters
are the best things about the things
that I get like the letter that i got
from Jason this week thank you so much a
Jason I really hope that that was also
in the video I have no idea when it
stopped so just thank you fucking
everyone Calvin Jason rubber tongue Sean
Houdini and fucking anyone else who sent
me anything ever or thought about it or
just liked my videos are watched you
guys are fucking amazing everything you
do for me is too much I wish I could
give you all a big fat fucking hug and
slobber all over your faces alright guys
I hope you have an amazing weekend and I
will see you on Saturday for Tara Reid's
comments which is tomorrow because I had
to move my Terry's comments back for the
bullying collab that I did with a bunch
of other youtubers so if you haven't
watched that video you should check it
out it's all about my bullying
experiences positivity and pointing you
in the direction of a bunch of other
youtubers who made the same video on
their experiences you guys are fucking
awesome never forget that like the video
and subscribe if you enjoyed and I will
see you guys next week with a new Friday
night mail
i want to suck so hard that my teeth
fall out and then when I kiss I kissed
he that your face like I'm a fucking
necromancer from diablo 2 I missed the
diablo 2 days 3 just it's amazing and
hardcore mode is awesome but it's just
not cutting it oh this is the best one I
should have worn this the whole time
