hey guys today I have a collaboration
video I've literally never done a
collaboration video before so I'm
excited the topic today is gonna be
about bullying I know I've got a few
videos on bullying before and but it's
been quite a while since I've done one
to be honest and all of my new
subscribers and all of my new production
quality upgrades I kind of want to
revisit it and since I was invited to
this collaboration I thought it would be
the perfect time to spread a positive
message to my viewers and tell my
personal stories on bullying hopefully
some of you guys can relate to these and
maybe this positive message can spread
to other people who are bullying or
being bullied to make them feel better
because yes even though bullies are
usually painted as the bad guys they
often have a terrible home life low
self-esteem and a bunch of other issues
too that make them become bullies I have
empathy for both sides and since this is
a collaboration with a bunch of amazing
youtubers I posted all of their links to
their videos in the description I would
really appreciate it if you check those
out for me
so you can get different bullying
stories from different walks of life
this is really an amazing idea for a
collaboration and I'm really proud to be
a part of it and if you liked this video
post in the comments and let me know if
you want me to do more collabs so the
way I decided to do this is I'm gonna go
from my childhood all the way up to
right now and tell you guys all the
times that I felt bullied in my life or
encountered bullying believe it or not
the first time I felt bullied was in
elementary school a lot of people had
weird problems with me because I liked a
bunch of weird ass things everyone was
into like Britney Spears Backstreet Boys
NSYNC the Hansen brothers and I'm
sitting over here liking Led Zeppelin
and Pink Floyd Monty Python and Pokemon
I was really weird but I loved my
weirdness and I was confident in the
fact that I really chose the things that
I liked based on what I actually liked
it was always kind of weird to me that
everyone my age likes the exact same
thing and sometimes I kind of envied
that camaraderie sure another thing that
made me a good target for bullying was
the fact that my dad drove me to school
and then hung out with me until we got
into class whereas most of the kids just
took the bus and we never saw their
parents it was kind of like haha you're
bringing your dad to school you're
hanging out with your dad what a loser
type of thing I've never really felt
like I was affected by bullying I was
always so confident in the things that I
liked why I liked them and the fact that
I just wanted to be myself that it never
really mattered to me and that
particular dish like people making fun
of the fact that I got to hang out with
my dad or that my dad was cool enough to
drive me to a school that I wanted to
continue going to even though we moved
to a better neighborhood like I got that
a lot of people were just jealous
because I got to hang out with my
parents
more and I had both parents at home and
so in a way I kind of felt sorry for
them and that's why I can totally see
both sides of the table a lot of people
are scared of what they don't know or
jealous of what they don't have and
sometimes because of those negative
emotions they project them on to other
people trying to bring them down to
their level so to speak
and that's sad and I feel like
understanding where bullying comes from
is very important because once you
understand the bully and could put
yourself in their shoes it doesn't feel
as harmful to be bullied and sometimes I
can help you deal with it
so in life fifth or sixth grade I
decided to finally go to an all-girls
sleepover with a bunch of people who
weren't really my friends but I wanted
to try to fit in and see what it would
be like I'm always big on trying things
before I completely knock them so I
decided to go to this girl misha's
birthday party and it was a bunch of
jumping around dancing to Britney Spears
and talking about girly things and I
just wasn't that interested so I was
kind of quiet the entire night and then
it came around to me and I was telling
them about what I'm interested in oh my
god John Cleese is my favorite actor
John cheese who and everyone just kind
of started making fun of me simply
because I was different which let me
tell you when it's malicious it's not a
good feeling so I ended up going down to
the tricks basement and being like
really sad I don't know if I cried I
don't remember I was pretty young but I
remember one of the girls older sisters
came down and talked to me and made me
feel a little bit better but I think
actually left that party kind of early
it left a bad taste in my mouth and made
me feel like they were probably just
liking all of the same things to fit in
with each other so they didn't get
treated like I was treated that night
like an outcast the next time I
encountered bullying was middle school
and from middle school on into high
school I was called the biggest slut
ever so if you guys don't know that
about me I lost my virginity at 12 to a
guy I was dating for over a year but to
a lot of people even today having sex at
12 or 13 just isn't okay morally even if
you're in a consensual relationship with
someone of the same age for a long
period of time so I guess word got out
that I sucked my boyfriend's dick in
middle school and people consistently
just called me a slut behind my back
into my face and I was pretty much
jeered a lot like there are people who
are friends with me and there were
people who were okay with it and if I
didn't have that support system and that
group of friends and that confidence
that I have in my decisions it probably
would have destroyed me I mean there was
a girl who wanted to beat me up just
because I was a slut like my sexual
promiscuity makes you so mad you want to
punch me really I used to walk home from
school because I lived really close to
my middle school in high school but when
I decided to take the bus a few times
with my friend home to her house to hang
out with her or pretty much anytime I
was anywhere off-campus but people from
school saw me
it was like a time to berate me with I'm
a slut I'm a whore I'm disgusting jokes
which isn't that much different from
what I get today daily in the comments
but even back then it kind of made no
sense to me like I would actually tell
people who are like why are you such a
slut I would be like you know I've been
dating him for a year in a monogamous
relationship and we love each other
right
love doesn't matter if it's true or not
I made the decision and I decided to
stick with my decision because living my
life the way I wanted to made me happier
didn't living my life the way other
people wanted me to so I just didn't get
bullied and the thing you have to
remember when being bullied is that
those people don't matter to you the
people that don't know you and the
people that aren't you can't make
decisions for you and allowing a bully
to make you change who you are is pretty
much like letting them win so I just
continue to do whatever the fuck I
wanted and just dealt with it the next
time I encountered bullying was more to
the end of middle school in high school
I had a bunch of friends who were into
gaming friends that I had that lived
around my neighborhood but I hadn't gone
to the same elementary school or middle
school as them and I started actually
seeing them at school in high school so
I would see them around the lockers
around the schools and stuff
and when I associated with my nerdy
friends because at that time I was seen
as in this limbo between being popular
and being kind of an outcast a lot of my
popular friends would try to tell me not
to hang out with my friends who are
gamers and I remember one specific
incident where my locker was really
close to my friend Chris's locker who
was my best friend outside of school but
because he went to a different middle
school in elementary school we never saw
each other in school until high school
Google school school school anyway so we
talked and he left his locker and I was
still there at my locker and one of my
friends comes up and she's like ooh why
are you hanging out with that guy and my
response was because he's my friend and
then she goes how could he be your
friend he's a nerd what does that even
mean like I have this tiny pool of
friends to choose from otherwise I'm not
worthy in this social hierarchy really
so I basically told that person to fuck
off not in like I want to fight you way
or we're gonna cause a bunch of drama
way but in like just shut the fuck up
it's none of your business way and we
remained friends but at the same time it
left a bad taste in my mouth that
someone would give a shit to hang out
with someone just because it raised
their social status or on the flip side
not hung out with someone they actually
liked because it lower their social
status like really who cares a quick
message to my younger viewers who are in
school still whatever drama is happening
in school that fucking evaporates as
soon as you go to college or get out
into the real world it doesn't matter
and I know it seems kind of straw fit to
you at that point and it really does
suck that your grades
school life might be a little more
stressful than it should be or it might
not have been exactly what you wanted it
to be but mine wasn't either
and I feel like a measure of a person's
strength is being able to overcome that
adversity and still be yourself and
still work toward your goals like
literally the best revenge and the most
positive revenge that you can get on
anyone who's treated you poorly it's to
just succeed in life focus on your
grades but with something people
actually give a shit about you your
family whoever you have and literally
who gives a shit about the haters and
honestly if you're experiencing any
physical abuse I am so sorry and I
really hope you have someone you can
turn to for help or that you can get out
of that situation which I know is easier
said than done but don't let any of that
shit destroy who you are please the next
time I encountered a form of bullying
was in high school when I was dating a
guy who was in a metal band I don't know
if you can tell but I don't like the
type of music I look like I should like
so I started talking to this guy who was
a guitarist in a band and he had his
little group of like gothic metalhead
friends and the rest of his band and a
few girls who like hung out with him
when we started dating they absolutely
hated me they would call me Barbie they
would say I'm stupid they would say that
I'm faking liking the music that I like
or that I'm like using him in some way
and it was just very difficult for him
to stick up for me while also still
being their friend another time I was
actually trying out as a cheerleader too
so I couldn't be more of an antithesis
of what he was other than the fact that
we shared a lot of similar tastes in
music and we skipped school to fuck a
couple times and again it didn't really
affect me that much and it was kind of
just ridiculous to me because I knew who
I was I knew what I liked and for
someone to tell me that I'm faking
something that I like it's just so
absurd like you know in your heart what
they're saying it's fucking absurd right
and if you don't if you agree with the
criticism that they're giving you that's
just more motivation to change and be
the person that you want to be so after
high school I started modeling and
anytime I would post a picture on my
Facebook fan page or I would post a
picture somewhere else people would tell
me I'm too skinny I'm too fat I'm too
slutty I should have more self-respect
basically just pushing their own
personal morals on me or whatever they
were raised with and sometimes that was
annoying yeah but like it wasn't nearly
as bad as the hate I started getting
when I started streaming and youtubing
especially on the gaming side of things
so now daily I deal with people berating
me on the internet trying to hurt me
trying to bring me down saying a bunch
of derogatory things to me saying that
they wish I would die
slut whore bitch cons fit gamer fake
personality fake look disgusting boobs
for the boobs and I feel like the few
encounters that I've had with bullying
either as an advocate for my friends or
as the person who's being bullied
especially the middle school slut stuff
because that was pretty harsh and
sometimes I did fill that one because it
felt like the whole fucking schools
against me I felt like something I
couldn't come back from ever and then it
kind of just dropped off in high school
which was nice anyway I feel like this
stuff conditioned me as well as the love
for my parents and my friends and the
confidence that I built in myself to
deal with all of the bullshit that I get
here on the internet daily and when you
think about it you might not think about
the hate that a youtuber gets as a form
of bullying but it very much so is I am
here putting myself out there for you to
criticize and it's completely fine for
you to speak your mind or give your
opinions but the difference between a
funny joke or your opinion and bullying
is when you say or do something with the
sole purpose just to bring someone else
down or hurt someone whether it's
physical or verbal your bullying and
obviously I'm not talking about picking
on your friends as a joke bullying is
literally just this one-sided fucking
terrible thing where most of the time
one very sad unhappy and insecure person
attacks another repeatedly to try to
make another person who might be an
outcast or not feel like they're not
worth anything why bring people down to
your level of sorrow why not find
inspiration and others to elevate
yourself why hate on people for their
beliefs their religion or something that
makes them different why not embrace
that right as a person who can honestly
say they're at a very happy place in
their lives I have never once felt like
going on to someone's stuff that I don't
like and just trying to hurt their
feelings I've never felt like watching
someone else's content just to say
something mean in the comments to bring
them down
like obviously if somebody asks me and I
have a negative opinion I'm gonna give
my honest opinion but my purpose isn't
gonna be to hurt you and I definitely
cannot stand anyone who would lay a
finger on anyone else in a way that's
one sided and bullying that's just
terrible so for me and everyone else in
this collaboration I want to say it gets
better if you're being bullied and it
doesn't define you and if you happen to
be different weird or even better and
people are jealous of you and want to
bring you down don't let it happen find
out who you are and stick to that don't
change I love you guys so much and I
hope this was a positive message for you
have you guys ever been bullied let me
know in the comments what it was like
how you felt and how you feel about it
now and I just wanted to let you guys
know that I'm not at all looking for
sympathy that's why I didn't really go
into details about certain things it's a
part of life for people not to like you
it's a part of life to be very different
from other people who might shun you for
your belief
to your actions but as long as you stick
by what you've done and as long as you
can get through that part in your life
it gets better always alright guys I
hope you enjoyed this video like the
video subscribe to the channel and never
forget that I fucking love you I have
videos here and on my gaming channel
almost every single day so if you guys
need a place to turn just to laugh or
post a comment do it I read most of the
comments I hope in some way I can spread
some positivity through this and please
check all the links in the description
for the rest of the people in this
collaboration and their videos on how
they were bullied spread positivity in
love not self hates I wish I could give
you guys all a big hug
have a wonderful fucking weekend and
I'll see you guys soon with new videos
Wow I love you no matter how weird you
are
