hey guys and welcome to my Tuesday vlog
I wanted to record my Tuesday vlog today
on Sunday because I did winged eyeliner
thanks to Alex who sent me some eyeliner
and I don't like it I don't think but I
wanted to see it in HD before I made a
decision so today I'm going to be
talking about how it feels to engage in
anal sex or how it feels for the first
time if you're having anal sex so
basically how anal sex feels or just
anal anything like sticking something in
your butt I didn't really consider
masturbation anal sex and I know this is
going to be one of the funny silly
topics that gets a lot of clicks and
stuff and you guys hate on me for being
a slut ER and whatnot but whatever I
don't care I was thinking about doing my
fucking favorites today or doing my
video on polyamory and my polyamorous
relationship then I was like that is all
just like too much seriousness for today
with my winged eyeliner I just want to
chill and talk about anal sex alright so
if you guys haven't seen my sex set on
anal sex that's going to be much more
informative and objective than it is
going to be just me telling you how
something feels to me so if you want to
know more about anal sex in that facet
in a more scientific and factual aspect
of it and why people like it and all
that stuff please check that out I'll
post that in the description but um anal
sex feels very differently in my opinion
than you would imagine it does and I
feel like everyone should do it at least
once in their lives whether they're male
or female as you guys know males have
the prostate and so they derive a lot
more pleasure naturally from anal sex
which kind of sucks it in today's
society because a lot of people will you
know label them as gay if they'd like to
do that whether it's solo or with a girl
being pegged or with another guy which
you know if you're attracted to men kind
of does make you gay but there's nothing
wrong with that and a lot of straight
men will feel like there is something
wrong with having that label attached to
them just because of some random sexual
exploit that they enjoy and viscerally
your body is going to biologically enjoy
it so it kind of sucks that you are
being held back just because of a stigma
with that being said I've talked about
that a million times I think prostate
stimulation is important to actually
made a video on prostate stimulation and
I'll post that in the description as
well so I'm going to talk generally
about male or female from my perspective
when we're talking about anal sex let's
just say any gender anal sex if you're
interested in it you
it but I'm going to tell you from my
perspective so this is a female
perspective the first time I had anal
sex was really painful and really weird
and you definitely have to lube up a lot
I would say that the difference between
the anal sex that I've had that was
nearly dry or just using enough like
Lube or like spit or whatever you want
to call it like I've quoted Lube because
I'm saying like spit or anything that
just like lubes up the area not
necessarily like Lube you know what I'm
saying do using any of that stuff as
much as you would use for vaginal sex or
for masturbation it's not enough and
just like going in without like
stretching out the anus a little bit at
first like playing around with it at
first like that feels way fucking
different then if you have loosened up a
little bit you've done a little foreplay
and you know you've used a few fingers
and stuff um all of the times up until a
couple years ago that I've had anal sex
not have like a ton of anal sex I prefer
vaginal sex because my vagina and my
clitoris that's where I cum that's how I
cum hitting the g-spot and all that
stuff and it's harder to hit when you're
like one wall away you know in the anus
but it still does feel good I like
double penetration with a toy I'm sure I
would like it with another guy too but
I've only had sex with one guy at a time
I'm more of a when it comes to
threesomes I know this is a tangent but
it's relevant when it comes to
threesomes I like a girl girl guy rather
than guy guy girl and I haven't done
that not because I wouldn't do it but
because that's just it's just easier to
do like guys are kind of weird about it
whereas girls are like it's so cool to
be lesbian are aiming at she's so had an
experiment and that doesn't say anything
to them in society that you know it
doesn't impose a negative stigma on them
so they feel comfortable doing it and so
it's easier to get hot girls to have sex
with hotter girls a hot girl steps into
the hotter girls no hot girls have sex
with hot girls like or any girls what
the fuck ever what am I talking about
so when you first engage in anal sex and
you're not properly loosened up and
prepped I guess I would say uh it you
imagine it feeling just like like taking
a shit right because like a lot of this
is going to be very graphic so I'm
saying right now as a disclaimer if you
want to leave please leave it's going to
be graphic I'm going to be completely
honest I don't have a filter I don't
worry about offending people so a lot of
people might click on this thinking its
clickbait it's fucking
not I'm going to tell you exactly how it
feels so when you're taking a shit and
you're taking a particularly large shit
you think okay look in the toilet oh
that's a shit that I you know would be
like a four to six inch pee inch penis
right and you think okay that's probably
what it feels like and it doesn't hurt
that much and if it does hurt it's like
minor and it just feels natural to have
something coming out of there like
that's what you're supposed to do with
your asshole right so it feels normal
generally right it doesn't feel
extremely uncomfortable like I don't
know I know a lot of people I know a few
people actually who have had like a fear
of taking a shit when they were younger
like they would avoid doing it and they
would get constipated because of it and
I know that's happened to a few people I
know that's something that's not
uncommon but I think you kind of get
over that as an adult and start feeling
like that process is normal if not even
like soothing and nice because you you
know have the cramps and the full
stomach and then the full rectum and all
that and then you feel better afterwards
you feel relieved
well anal sex is not like that at all
when you're sticking something in the
first reaction that I have the first
visceral reaction the feeling that I get
is like you know when you fall on your
tailbone you fall in that area not
necessarily your tailbone like because
that can actually break but if you just
fall on your ass and you get that like
like I don't even know how to explain it
like that like oh like feeling and then
it won't go away for a second and it's
not like a pain that persists forever
it's just one of those like immediate
like knee-jerk like you stubbed your toe
type like mmm and then you just need to
like suck that pain in you know that
kind of feeling that's how it feels at
first and then it's extremely
uncomfortable because you feel like you
feel when you're taking a shit where
you're like rectum is open but you don't
know what's coming in or going out of
there if that makes any sense and it's
really awkward and weird at first and
feels awful and I hated it at first I
was like oh my god okay I'm going to be
a trooper because I want to have the
full experience and of course I want to
try everything at least once but after
this I'm fucking done but then once you
get used to it once it gets like
loosened up or I guess accustomed to it
and acclimated to it you it feels good
it feels like just another less
sensitive vagina and it feels less
awkward and it doesn't have that
like that weird painful feeling it
doesn't have the initial ripping painful
feeling which can happen if you don't
loop it up and stuff like often like
your spokes I guess you would say look
it up fucking and it's a word I actually
tweeted recently or instagrammed
recently something that was like bent
spoke is next to something fruit and
it's like cuz bent spokes or spokes are
like the asshole
like wrinkles on your asshole because
your assholes puckered or whatever this
is so funny on its own the tangent I
just love talking about sex because it's
so natural to me and I feel like I can
help some people out and if people were
wondering what it feels like the first
time you guys might have a reference to
go to where people aren't afraid to be
so PC and stuff so when that is
stretched out and you don't feel like
it's not as elastic as a vagina like a
vagina will go back to its natural state
even after like something as crazy as
childbirth it can often go back to just
being as tight as normal because it's
very elastic because it's meant for that
so it doesn't matter how many penises or
how big the penises you've had in there
it goes back to normal and like every
single day it's so awesome for me
because I love pain but every single day
that I'm having sex with like someone as
big as J it feels like I'm a virgin
again and I fucking love that and I
don't feel like dicks that are smaller
than Jays don't you know feel anything
anymore you're like it's not like that
but with the asshole it can be like that
if you stretch it too much and it
doesn't go back to normal as quickly
that's why you see a lot of in porn
there's a lot of like anal gaping like
people just show their asshole open to
the size that it was when there was a
penis in it basically and so after a
while it doesn't go back to being as
tight and when it's lubed up because
okay so the asshole doesn't naturally
lube up at all especially during sexual
stimulation it's not like a vagina where
the more sexually aroused you are or the
more biologically aroused you are you
start you know secreting liquids that
make it easier for penetration it's not
as much like that or at all like that
and especially if you're cleaning out
your anus which you can with a product
called Dyna douche if you want to be
completely safe make sure you've also
excreted everything in your bowels and
you don't have to take a shit that's how
you avoid shitty situations I've had a
no sex quite a few times I've never had
any shitty situations it doesn't smell
bad anywhere near anything and I've also
ass to mouth that's something a lot of
people ask I don't have like a problem
with that I'm actually kind of like I'm
really I really don't give a shit about
a lot of things that are considered
dirty or taboo it's just not something
that bothers me so and a lot of people
like what the fuck but that's that's
just me take it or fucking leave it and
if you leave it by but anyway um so
where was I okay so it starts feeling
really good after it's been loosened up
a little bit and that's like the good
part about it I would say if you try it
out for the first time and you don't
love it
make sure the subsequent time you've
actually like done a little foreplay and
gotten yourself a little bit loosened up
for it because it is like an extreme
shock going in there first it's really
painful and you just like wanna bite a
pillow and like scream for a second and
and then it's like really it's like pain
then awkward then good and you have to
get past that pain on awkwardness before
you can actually feel anything good from
it now I like double pen I like you know
a finger in there whatever the fuck it
doesn't matter it's it I know what I'm
supposed to expect but a couple years
later after I tried it for the first
time I actually was with someone who was
was using fingers and stuff at first and
just like messing around with it and
like fucking me in the vagina and then
finally switched over to anal play and
it was pretty easy and didn't hurt at
all and didn't feel uncomfortable and it
wasn't like anything that I experienced
before it was like initially just good
it was like a little a little I was a
lab prehensile about it at first because
it felt a little painful and not in the
good way I feel like anal pain is not
the good type of pain I like vaginal
cervix pounding pain I like hair-pulling
and choking and all that stuff and I
have a really high pain tolerance I can
do things like get my lips injected
without anesthesia I had a lot of
traumatic experiences of the dentist
when I was younger where the anesthesia
didn't kick in so I've kind of just
grown accustomed to pain and I also get
physical and sexual enjoyment from it
when it's you know in relation to sex
like obviously if someone just comes up
and steps my time not like mmm baby you
know like that kind of thing but so
that's basically it I would say I don't
know what else I can say other than I
want to hear what you guys would explain
it as in the comments guys and girls who
have tried it a lot of people only use
toys like especially men they only use
like anal plugs and small toys and stuff
and I think that's the best route to go
if you're not actually having anal sex
with a penis I don't think you should go
like full-on 12-inch black dildo or even
like a 6-inch dildo there's no reason to
have a dildo up your ass because it's
not as much about stretching and
elongating less that's your thing or
something but can also be dangerous so
you have to watch out if you're into
that it's more about just the extra
stimulation that you get from you know
the pleasure they are not about just
like stretching it out and like all the
biggest dick the best you know kind of
thing so yeah that's my experience I
think it's it's fun it's interesting and
I talked about this for 12 minutes
really what the fuck how can I talk
about the feeling of anal sex for the
first time 12 minutes I don't know I
hope you guys enjoyed this like the
video subscribe to the channel and let
me know if you like these uncut sex
topic vlogs and no one else will touch I
mean I'm sure people have touched it
before but I feel like it's a general
consensus that this isn't something that
you are supposed to talk about on the
Internet so freely and that it's
something that should be shameful and
private and I feel like it's very
important that people talk publicly
about their experiences and stop
demonizing sex and be body and sex
positive and that's what I am and that's
what I try to convey to you guys by just
basically being myself and using my
non-filter ass to the advantage of you
guys so I love you thanks for watching
if you liked please like the video and
subscribe you guys are awesome
let me know also what you think about
the winged eyeliner I don't like it I'm
looking right now I'm like also I'm
fucking just terrible at it I don't know
see you guys in the next video it should
be Tara Reid's comments next bye
