let's take the sweater off so I'm not
wearing the exact same thing as in
yesterday's video so recently Nicholas
else doc proposed a new series for me
and we together decided that it would be
too much work to do it weekly but maybe
occasionally you'll see it now that
mondays are an upload day off on this
channel unless I have a shit Tara says
video I want to introduce to you last
week on tara babcock games which is my
main channel if you guys didn't know
it's appalling how many people don't
know that youtube.com slash tara babcock
games anyway my gaming channel is what I
pour my heart and soul into it's my
favorite channel and it's my favorite
endeavor in general so I want to kind of
cross promote and show you guys some of
the highlights of the week and I'd also
like to thank Nicholas housetops for the
edits see you guys over on the gaming
channel enjoy dark swole motherfucker
that's right go down we're gonna kill
some bitches we're gonna fuck some
mothers royal it's fucking beat this
boss right oh I just died goddammit so
you guys I was fucking playing this just
because I had nothing to do I was
passing the right way to go to get to
the boss the quickest you know like the
way that I'm doing it now and I got
there and I'm like why don't I just
fucking try it right like there's no
reason not to try it and I tried it and
I got him to a sliver of health and then
I had to fucking kill myself because I
didn't want to not do it on camera oh I
get fucking hit I'm garbage like I'm
just dying what the fuck is this am i
dead yeah that was the worst fucking try
ever oh my god oh she's like fucking
drinking why are you drinking bitch oh
how the fuck am I frostbitten I was
nowhere near that zone
Oh what the fuck where am i what's
happening ah ah whatever i'm fucking
this is stupid Oh No fuck did I just
died ah oh my god god damn it do it I
thought sometimes I think that I'm like
not there like with a fuck oh my god is
it me oh god damn it fucking shit cock
it's so much frostbite 20 fuckin chumps
I keep getting up to that fucking points
ah
Wow mother fuck you Oh almost a flawless
victory
oh my god the drama hey guys welcome to
my June 2016 episode of game release
news been wrong Kagura shinobi versus
this sexy brawler is now on PC
over-the-top fighting mechanics and
under dressed female ninjas sounds like
a game right up my alley and everyone's
because who doesn't like boobs release
date is the first on PC Mirror's Edge
catalyst here's the big one of the month
ladies and gents the game of the cute
asian chick who's but i can't stare at
because its first person he's back
sharing her origin story I love origins
and mystery stories release date is the
7th on pc ps4 and xbox one I don't want
to be held responsible for you missing
something really awesome check it out
for yourself umbrella corpse dude I'm
all true excited about this one it's a
shooter based in the resident evil
universe obviously and you play as
someone in umbrella the best part its
third person yeah you team umbrella it's
an umbrella umbrella yes it is Willie
st. is the 21st on PC and ps4 oh my gosh
it's gonna be a scary game oh so cute
what's the point of this game to collect
this chicks memories and learn about why
this place is so desolate and barren
and to solve these like little gameplay
puzzles you sound like someone who
played a call please call of duty and
you're like what's the point of any game
that's not you know multiplayer from
this way run this way no
oh no oh no oh my god that's like the
worst fucking death holy shit how do I
do this route oh come on Oh what the
fuck do I do oh oh I don't understand
what I'm supposed to do here oh god no
no bitch oh my god that like oops please
don't like what the fuck holy crap all
right get down uh oh my god I was
fucking past why oh my god dude I've not
just little things to ease the burden of
a weary traveler really it sounds good I
just give your shit away to me she's a
soul horde I won't she's only in it for
the souls I'm kidding what the fuck you
seem job oh god oh god just run Nixon
only run ah explore cuz I charcoal pine
bundle yeah what the cock fucking shit
ass get off me you fucking prehistoric
ask hawk oh my cock fucking suck ass
holy shit where the fuck did he even
come from oh I knew it I fucking knew it
bitch
this not happen to me hammer oh damn
girl he's fucking crazy oh I'm so
screwed yes you read the passage why did
the skeleton want a friend because she
was feeling lonely oh the rest of the
pages filled with jokes of similar
caliber amazing caliber super high
caliber oh the basement is ominous I
think you should play upstairs instead
why what's going on down there's like a
fucking sex dungeon torture chamber
let's go now we get there oh let me
alone what'd you think of the running
vine me oh my god it is dangerous to
play here what the fuck okay something
good is that thing the sharing mercy
shit did I die just like that Jesus
Christ what is wrong with me all right
let's fucking do this better don't lose
hope Terra snake snake a score do not
let a score take you take your soul his
plan cannot be allowed to succeed I was
supposed to kill her you guys made me
not want to kill her I'll be good won't
you oh she's like crying oh my child oh
this is sad
oh hey guys look at to another unboxing
video today we are gonna be unboxing the
razer orbweaver chroma the reason that I
got this is actually for video editing
if you guys don't know video editing is
a lot of monotonous just saying s
pressing ctrl s and I feel like having a
macro for every single thing that I need
to do in Sony Vegas when I'm editing a
video is going to be so fucking
comfortable and now that I have the
laptop for editing and everything I just
thought this would go in so perfectly
world's first mechanical switch designed
from the ground up for gaming with
blazing-fast actuation speeds and
increase the lifespan that does sound
pretty good for gaming we'll have to put
that shit to the test on this side more
about the mechanical switches more about
the programmable keys and the chroma
backlighting oh you see that right there
that's what I'm gonna do hot pink just
like my laptop empowering you with the
tool to take both your play style and
your personal style to the next level
we've got a threaded cable and here's
the actual bad boy Oh baskin its
greatness this is what it looks like
outside of the box on the bottom we have
this little metal part here and the rest
is plastic we have the little feet so it
doesn't slide around there's the thumb
button an extra button and the 20
programmable buttons so you can pull
this little nodule out and adjust this
and then you can press this button on
the side and you can move this in and
out we're bigger and smaller hands I
should make an ass of our video of this
slowly typing a letter with mechanical
keyboard I think I'm gonna go ahead and
turn off these lights and show you a
little bit of the backlighting action
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
unboxing of the razer orbweaver like the
video subscribe to the channel and
please let me know if you would like a
product like this i should involve my
vlogs like this under this umbrella
zombie pieces keep falling on my head
that does in a raccoon city will soon be
raising dead fuck that was awful
