oh my god I'm a fucking garbage bitch I
was supposed to have this month's
fucking favorites today and I recorded
it like five fucking days ago but I
ended up deleting all the footage on
accident because I've been rendering
things straight from the SD card because
I'm too lazy to transfer it over because
transferring it over takes like 20
minutes so I'm gonna have to rerecord
that but in the meantime let's do
something that's a little bit easier to
edit that I can actually get uploaded by
tomorrow night so the idea for this
video is totally not my idea and I don't
usually do these tag type videos but as
the person that I am I feel like I have
a lot of really unpopular opinions so
why not give you guys more reason to
hate me I'll post a link in the
description to the two videos that I
watched before this on on popular
opinions one by jenna Marbles and one
bite and a mojo both entertaining and
gorgeous youtubers thanks for the idea
that I'm going to steal from you I have
a list of things that I've compiled in
like 10 minutes that wouldn't fit into
the category of unpopular opinions and I
want you guys to post in the comments
what you guys think you're unpopular
opinions are and I also want you to tell
me if you agree or disagree with mine I
really love keeping an open dialogue
with you guys and discussing things I
spend way too much time in my comment
section and it's probably never gonna
change no matter how big a big youtuber
I get I read almost every one of you
guys's comments so they definitely
matter to me thank you number one is the
obvious one I don't believe in god and
as I say that I want to remind you guys
these are my opinions that's why the
title is unpopular opinions not factual
facts by Tara you are entitled to your
belief system no matter what it is and
you're entitled to your opinion which is
protected under our country's freedom of
speech which I wholeheartedly support
like there's a lot of content out there
I don't like but I do not say they
should be removed or censored I hate
censorship actually hating censorship at
any age is kind of something that's an
unpopular opinion because a lot of
people think you should censor things
from your kids you should not you should
educate rather than censor the second
one is I don't give a shit about
politics I got a lot of hate for my
video on why I don't vote a lot of
people saying it's my duty as an
American to put in my vote and then they
go down with a slippery slope fallacy
like if I don't vote nobody will vote
and then nobody will make a decision in
the country when I am very grateful for
all the other people that are picking up
my slack I would rather leave the voting
to the people who actually feel like
they make a difference and actually feel
like they have the time to a lots to
educating themselves enough to make a
formulated opinion so Moore once told me
that it takes me like ten minutes to
look up the politicians and what they
stand for
but half the time they're lying in what
they stand for is bullshit and they
don't actually follow through so it
takes a lot more research
and I don't even feel like the public
actually has access to enough
information to make a good educated
opinion one that's worthy of actually
deciding what's going on in our country
and I don't even feel like it makes that
big of a difference not in the whole
like oh I'm one vote I don't make a
difference type of thing but more along
the lines of I'm not electing one sole
person who's gonna make all the
decisions willy-nilly like that's why we
have different branches the next one is
I don't think respect should be blindly
given I think there's a vast difference
between respecting someone and giving
them human decency and respecting their
human rights like I obviously can't just
go up and like fuck someone in the ass
but actually giving someone respect
that's something that should be earned
and I'm fully aware that the respect
that's given to me or that I give to
other people is based on my upbringing
my opinions and my anecdotal experiences
with a person that's why anytime I do
judge people which is natural by the way
I keep an open mind and I allow myself
to have my mind changed if something
changes like if I absolutely hate
someone and then they do something
awesome I'm not like stuck hating them
forever like most people are and I don't
hate people just because I disagree with
them once or twice that's why I love the
open-minded comments in the comments
section saying that I don't always agree
with you but I'm always entertained by
your contents or I may not agree but you
make me think not die bitch you don't
agree with my ideologies that's just
fucking ridiculous
calm the fuck down oh damn me just
bought some of my merch shameless plug
links in the description the next thing
is I don't give a shit about celebrities
or what they're doing like sometimes
that can be interesting but a lot of
people like read up on that shit every
day and make that their lives and then
they chat about it with other people as
if that matters and it's really
frustrating how a lot of people make an
opinion on someone in the media as if
they actually know them personally and
know what's going on in their heads and
they take every little thing in the
media is fact and then they have like
actual passionate emotions about these
people you don't even stop to think that
you could never possibly know the actual
situation and the truth of things or the
fact that it's totally unhealthy to have
idols famous people and rich people are
just like you except probably with more
problems the grass is always greener and
I saw a quote recently and I don't
usually like quotes on Instagram or
maybe it was like a facebook video that
Jay showed me I don't know but it was
talking about how a lot of the huge
issues with people's body image and
their happiness is that they're
comparing their behind-the-scenes with
someone else's highlights which is
basically what you're doing when you see
someone else's life through Instagram or
the media and you're like I fucking hate
that person or oh yeah I'm gonna beat
them
I was growing up I never really had
idols it was just more like Christina
Aguilera is really pretty I like her
hair and her red lips
this person is really good at singing
that's a really cool talents the next
one is balls are great I don't know why
everyone hates them why do most women
think balls are gross like what do they
encounter some like extremely smelly
balls of some guy that's never showered
I blame these women for the amount of
guys that still have hairy balls the
guys are just like why would I get razor
burn when no one's gonna go down there
anyway I can deep throat and I like
balls please keep them clean shaven for
me okay this is one that no one's gonna
agree with but I think fake beauty is
more admirable than natural beauty just
like I think talents something you're
born with is less admirable than
something you worked toward people are
all like oh you suck you're fake you
wear makeup and you get surgery and you
work out okay maybe not the workout
thing because clearly the former tumor
for some reason only something that a
degenerate would do with a low
self-esteem never just because they want
to improve my body is my fucking canvas
it's like working on a car for me
it's a hobby and I gain pride from the
fact that I worked to get where I am
today and she's never wrecked again here
tonight you're clearly not familiar with
how many channels and how many videos I
upload a day and all the other shit that
goes on behind the scenes because once
again you're formulating a strong what
you believe to be objective opinion
based on zero knowledge but anyway I
don't understand why people say that
someone is so much better if they're
naturally beautiful if you wake up in
the morning and you're naturally
beautiful that's amazing for you but how
is that hard how is that admirable you
were just born that way for the record
I'm not hating on people who are
naturally beautiful I love you guys
I love natural beauty even though it's
not my preferred aesthetic I like my own
natural beauty as well honestly I don't
think the way someone looks should say
anything about them other than they like
to look the way that they're looking
babies are fucking gross and I never
want to have them they're also a
complete waste of my life
fuck that this is an opinion I've had
since I was very very little and people
said that when I get in my mid-20s it's
gonna change it still husbands now
they're saying it's gonna change in my
30s and then at the end of my 30s
they're gonna start telling me that I
need to hurry up because my time's
running out well I still have the
opinion that I don't wanna have kids
when I was younger I asked my mom how we
get babies and she gave me the whole
store crew team I was pretty young mom
why you don't just tell me the truth and
then I asked her a follow-up question
how do I not get babies because she
basically just said they come on storks
at any given time and did not
tell me how so then my mother not even a
very religious person told me you have
to pray and for a couple years of my
life I was praying as a little girl
please God do not give me any children
not even really knowing what God is or
if I believe in him just as a precaution
because I really didn't want children I
know I got a little bit older where I
would have you like younger cousins or
like someone's baby and someone wanted
me to hold the baby I'm like no and I
still feel that way now I hate babies on
planes I hate babies in restaurants I
hate babies in general and no it is not
a good argument to say I used to be a
baby once I didn't choose to be a baby
that doesn't make me a hypocrite and if
my mom had decided to swallow me instead
of birth me and I had a consciousness
that can make decisions I would most
certainly be like yeah mom that makes
sense so yeah the next one I have
written down is monogamy is stupid
pretty much labels in general or stupid
who gives a fuck about labels there are
so many social justice warriors that go
around sporting a thousand labels or
people forgetting what love is actually
about because they're putting so many
labels and restrictions on their
relationships and I know you guys have
been asking me for a long time to do a
video on open relationships and
polyamory and I need to do that I will
but yeah so for this video I'm just
gonna keep it simple and say monogamy is
stupid and once again I feel the need to
say that if it works for you it works
for you and I am glad you were happy
don't let anything I say tutor you
because there's nothing more important
than continuing to be yourself and doing
what makes you happy
I also advocate freedom of speech and if
you want to tell me that I'm stupid for
not liking monogamy you have the right
to say it I'm a grammar nazi and I do
not let it fly that certain things that
you should have learned in third grade
when your mother tongue is English it's
just like it doesn't matter it doesn't
make you stupid it's not like you're
shortening anything like people who
don't know the difference between the
contraction your and the plural your or
don't know that there's no apostrophe
and yours oh you can say that it doesn't
matter all you want and you can say like
oh my god it's texting so like I just
want it to be easier I'm not talking
about the people that spell you with
just to you instead of using y-o-u
whatever if you want to do that that's
fine I don't do that because I like
vocabulary grammar in the English
language I'm talking about people that
actually add extra letters because I
think that why oh you apostrophe re is
appropriate in the sentence your car is
cool I can't even and then what's worse
is the accidentally hypocritical people
in the comment section who call me
stupid while using grammar like that
once again fluent English speakers who
are born in an english-speaking country
like what is your problem like you're
hating on me
stupid but your argument is pretty
invalid when it's blatantly hypocritical
I hate current slang bay fuck boy all
these things and yes I do use them on my
stream ironically I'm trying to embrace
it maybe it's a generational thing I
don't know honesty is so much better
than fake niceness
I cannot stand fake niceness the way
people in modern society use the quotes
if you don't have anything nice to say
don't say it at all oh it blows my mind
and while we're on that topic
politically correct behavior in any way
like oh my god if you ask me if you look
fat in the dress and you look fat in the
dress to me I'm gonna tell you that
doesn't mean I'm gonna go out of my way
to be mean to you to hurt you and bully
you that's two completely different
ideas and I feel like so many people are
wrapped up in being a nice person
that you don't even know what they
actually think they're thinking all the
terrible things that every normal human
thinks all the perverted ideas and all
the judging at first glance but then
they're acting like there's some kind of
nice angels and afraid of confrontation
and hurting people's feelings but there
are a few youtubers on here I can't
stand because of that like literally one
of the youtubers i watch all the time
cringing every five seconds because I
can't stand how politically correct he
is George McCrae Zoo nice people you're
not finishing last because you're nice
you're finishing last because you're
fake and boring I've talked about this
many times and lastly I'm a vegetarian
pretty much get hate from vegans and
meat eaters because I'm like right there
in the middle and I have no good excuse
to not be vegan honestly it's just the
fact that I want to get my groceries
delivered to me and I don't want to have
to spend extra money and time on food
otherwise I would totally be vegan and
that's not a good excuse hey I applause
- at least I'm honest and don't hate
other people for not thanking the way
that I do in my opinion you shouldn't
hate people for their beliefs you should
hate people for their actions or just
not hate people at all because that's
like time consuming and negative and
unproductive I hope you at least found
entertainment in this video like
subscribe and as prompted before post
your comments in the description
what don't post your comments in the
description that's like not possible you
would have to like hackneyed post your
opinions in the comments thank you so
much for being the wonderful opinionated
thought-provoking people that you are I
may be a misanthrope but I absolutely
love you guys maybe I wouldn't love
every one of you if I knew you
personally that's my own personal
struggle that I have to get over I have
too many pet peeves but as a collective
family that I feel like I can talk to
bounce ideas off of and just be myself
around you guys are better than any real
life friends and that's the honest truth
I because have a wonderful week
I'll see you tomorrow with a cool gaming
video I know on this channel right
you'll see it'll be alright
