hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of Friday night mail before we get into
it I have a few announcements first of
all I would like to let you guys know
that I have upgraded my production
quality once more I am now using the
Canon 5d Mark 3 rather than the Canon
Rebel t5i Canon Rebel t5i is like an
introductory DSLR whereas the mark 3 is
like one of the best on the market and
once again I would like to thank my
patrons and anyone who has supported me
because without you guys I would not be
able to afford this kind of equipment
and I geek out over it like crazy so
thank you so much I also now get to use
my rebel as a fucking webcam my gaming
production quality is like through the
fucking roof now also I have a lot of
stuff today but I wanted to go over
something real quick with you guys I'll
be brief I promise I'll try to be brief
I see a few people in the comments
saying that they wish they could get me
stuff and they feel bad that they can't
give me stuff for they feel bad that
they can't support on patreon and I want
to let you guys know why you should not
feel that way basically the way I see it
is it's not about the money that you
donate or the items that you send me
it's about wanting to support so like if
you don't have the means to support but
you want to support someone who's trying
to make a living doing what they love
that to me basically does such you
leagues apart from the assholes that say
things like and why would you spend
money on someone else use your money
better why would anyone send her
anything like those people are just
selfish assholes that don't respect me
but like if you watch my content and
then click that like button
it means you enjoy the content that I
create and it helps me vastly and I
really appreciate it just watching my
content that's it and being positive
obviously I really appreciate the people
who do donate money and send me things
but honestly with me it's just the
thought that counts I fucking love you
all alright let's get into it first
thing we've got is from Joseph Michaels
aka the adventurous Joe I will post a
link to his content down in the
description he's a pretty badass content
creator and a good friend of mine so if
you haven't already check it out and
subscribe let's see what he sent me this
time it's Ray's lightsaber holy shit I
think it needs batteries but this is
fuckin badass thank you Joe
I've always wanted one of these
lightsabers it lights up this is sick
I'm actually gonna do a dedicated Star
Wars stuff on boxing next weekend's
because I have so much Star Wars stuff
that'll be over on the gaming channel
youtube.com slash care about cup games
we've got a manila envelope from
Nicholas H I'll see what's in it it says
read out loud sorry for my bad
handwriting Tara a while back I asked
you for an interview about socio
heavy metal you said you were very busy
at the time and couldn't do it which I
totally understand you're a busy person
I was able to find 14 people who loved
heavy metal as much as you and I was
still able to do the study that's
fucking awesome even though you weren't
able to participate I thought you might
want to read it since you like sociology
and heavy metal I totally understand if
you don't have time it's a long paper I
would love to get your feedback on it if
you do end up reading it but again no
rush thank you so much for understanding
and thank you so much for sending me
this didn't I tell you I wanted to read
it I'm actually very interested anytime
you want to talk about sociology metal
legal legends feel free to contact me I
would love to chat with you I also run a
small youtube channel over at
youtube.com slash last Zach na that's
the link in the description I'm a
diamond Zak one-trick pony just like you
with veigar hey thanks for all the great
content and then that there's a part
that I get to read to myself oh thank
you so much I'm gonna add you on League
right after I'm done with this and
here's the paper a 3d excerpt since the
inception of heavy metal in 1970 with
the release of the first Black Sabbath
record Massachusetts Institute of
Technology 2014 that was a reference by
the way didn't need to read that heavy
metal has been painted by the media as a
consistent source of controversy one of
the first major controversies happened
when Ozzy Osbourne bit the head off a
bat during a concert in 1982 fueling a
panic about the nefarious intentions of
metal musicians not long after the
parents music Resource Center PMRC
composite list of 15 primarily hard rock
and metal songs that they deemed the
filthy 15 because they viewed their
lyrics as objectionable a few years
later in 1985 the PMRC held a conference
that resulted in the new common parental
advisory stickers that we use today a
practice that perpetuates the idea that
some music particularly heavy metal and
rap is unsuitable I'm actually really
interested to read this thank you so
much for sending it to me I'm really
sorry that I didn't get to meet up with
you and talk about it I really apologize
I wish I had more time to do stuff like
that but I haven't even found the time
in the last week to walk across the
street and pick up my prescription for
my eyes I should probably do that
you're awesome expected friend request
on leak next oh yeah we've got notes I
fucking love notes auntie May you like
these gloves lovely shiny material look
is this it's a little baggie that says
good turn and it has a zebra on it all
right
hmm rectal exam
we're tell good boy rubber next odds a
gift from Alex always supporting your
makeup addiction love Alex
thank you so much I have a hard time
doing I shadow and I've always wanted to
do a smoky eye and I think this will
help a lot
also I ran out of eyeliner so I could
use it as both thank you Alex you're so
fucking beautiful and because I'm
addicted to looking at Alex right now
I'm gonna post her link in the
description so go follow her on
Instagram my love you baby girl next
we've got this tiny thing it's another
gift from Alex NYX waterproof it
waterproof eyebrow primer let's go ahead
and like put it on because why the fuck
not right who doesn't need some eyebrow
primer after they've done their makeup
now it looks like I've jizz and my
eyebrows thank you baby
now my eyebrows will be going all over
the place and they'll hold color better
my you were just so sexy I can't get
over it
next this is for a rubber top and this
is fruit cheese birthday I don't know if
you can hear me or not but it's a Mario
ugly Christmas sweater
good boy rubber tongue next item haha
holy shit hi LM tease some sexy
stockings included too
I don't have many of these stockings
does actually oh shit
so these stockings actually come with
underwear and the underwears attached to
the garments and the stocking so you
don't have to have like those ugly
clipped garters I approve Roberto think
he's buying me a whole sexy outfit I
can't tell no way you guys you guys have
to see this oh my god
hi Terry I hope you enjoy this black
squirting dildo wait one that's not what
I got in this package you and J can get
freaky with it okay well this is
Giovanni's black squirting dildo sex for
dummies enjoy healthy sexuality
throughout life I feel like a lot of the
people in the comment section should
have this book but this is awesome maybe
I can get ideas for sex ed I love all of
the feminist sex teachers and how
they're always like really old oh my god
old people still have sex anyway this is
a really thoughtful gift and I'm
actually really glad to have this thank
you so much to your vani I look forward
to the squirting black dildo look guys
it's the noose empty package of course
LMT
you would need a badass necklace to know
okay
one tape down 100 to go oh I feel so
fancy with my family amulet huh
the coldness of this necklace actually
feels really good against my just hand
skin just with the mistress ordered
we've got another package from Joseph
Michaels and look at how I found it in
my p.o box like who the fuck is snooping
in my shit
first thing is Star Wars showed out on
the smugglers moon some people in the
comments were saying they don't like how
I handle comic books and then I asked
what they meant and I don't think they
replied but I feel like I'm pretty
careful with them so I'm confused a must
read for any enthusiast enthusiast of
what Luke's blond asshole
oh my god another Darth Vader one I'm so
happy shadows and secrets awesome and
another one Vader down I love the Darth
Vader ones and I love the fucking art
style of these holy shit
so fucking gorgeous Thank You Joseph I'm
actually gonna have a comic book
collection I can't believe it holy shit
what is this
Oh awesome it's the official injustice
game guide Jay and I were just recently
playing this game how did you know thank
you so much Joseph you are amazing
here's a link in the description Wow all
right now we move on to the boxes top
wedding com Queen LMT
why go for a crown when you can get a
t-ara the eyes in parentheses because
without the eye you spell Tara and
another one Oh LM tea please scratch me
so Kiki everyone knows by now that you
are a little sluts yep he's dressing me
up that's for sure there we go how do I
look and we also have these gonna have
to take one of these off holy crap who
needs a box-cutter when you have these
these are like really crazy I love it
mmm this is actually pretty hot holy
shit I just opened it with my nail hi LM
tea wanted you to have a badass pirate
corset oh my god holy shit we so have to
put this on okay I've just take these
off to do it I'll be right back okay
everyone I think now is the time you say
thank you to rubber tongue this outfit
is hot okay this is the letter that was
supposed to go with the book hi Tara
judging from your YouTube channel I
assume that you're a good girl in a
virgin so I got you this book enjoy ha
ha Giovanni let this eight-point-five
big boy fill you up shits 8.5
and just realistic look and feel comes
anywhere you want on command salient
free body safe material which I talked
about recently in the sex ed before the
last I think proudly made in America
America the land the big black dicks uh
hi yes thank you so much Giovanni
whoa I just threw one of my nails and it
comes with a little bottle of cum
who doesn't want their dildo to come
with a little bottle of splooge smells
are really good this is actually really
cool I'm gonna cum all over Jays face
this is actually a gift on twitch from a
carryin thank you so much
it's Connard one of my favorite
assassins holy fucking shit this is way
more amazing than I thought it was can
you guys see it there you go
I'm gonna have to do a whole unboxing of
this book it says animus database and it
shows his tomahawk his rifles his bow
this is exceptional thank you so much
this is literally like amazing we've got
one more box
hiya Tara a little something for the
sexy badass on the go keep on being
amazing because the only thing sexier
than your chest is your shining
personality and no that is not a joke
sincerely Brandon oh look they only got
on the go it's my 64 ounce thermos I
don't know about on the go I was
literally gonna put like six bottles or
four bottles four and a half into this
and use it as a thing for drinking long
streaming and I'm gonna stream after
this oh thank you so much Brandon this
is awesome perfect color too and it
keeps things cold for up to 12 hours I
don't think you there's one more thing
actually I got it last thing I can't
wait what is this it's this sexy thong
this sexy overshirt we're gonna go ahead
and assume that this is from rubber
tongue love it
I should wear it with absolutely nothing
on thank you so much you guys this was
an amazing fucking Friday night male huh
what am i best so far so many fucking
awesome an amazing presence you guys are
just the fucking best thank you to
everyone who watches my videos sends me
anything supports on patreon supports on
Twitch or just spends time listening to
what I have to say are looking at my
boobs
you guys are all fucking amazing and do
not forget it and remember next time you
feel bad because you haven't sent me
anything I get more than I deserve
anyway and I appreciate everything
you're already doing believe me when I
say it is the thought that counts just
being there for me and watching my
content is all I need
this stuff doesn't hurt it's really fun
but it's not necessary at all and it's
especially not necessary if you just
want my respect and admiration I fucking
love you guys thank you so much I hope
you have a wonderful fucking weekend and
I hope to see you on stream with my new
upgraded quality I even got a new mic
now we're needing to wear a headset and
ruining my hair
I think I'll actually use this outfit
for this week's in-between fanservice
Friday on patreon good idea right
all right guys like the video subscribe
to the channel if you're enjoying the
content don't forget to check out some
of my other videos links in the
description and I will see you next
Friday with a Friday night mail and
remember if you want to send me anything
at all anything legal my address is
always in the description and it's
attached to my Amazon wishlist
bye guys mwah
