hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of sex ed with Tara today we're going to
be talking about awesome products for
use in bondage you guys wanted me to
talk more about bondage and I am here to
oblige you epic Amazon vendor Peloquin
allowed me to choose my favorite
products from their store it even comes
in a cute little bag but this is
basically everything you need for up to
intermediate bondage or fetish play
today we're going to be unboxing this
together and I'm going to be teaching
you how to use these products and why
they're so awesome if you guys want to
buy this product or any others for
yourself links to their Amazon
storefront will be in the description as
well as my very own coupon code their
stuff is really cheap but really
high-quality so I recommend it either
way let's talk about bondage the first
thing in the kit is the obligatory
length of rope there are actually some
people in the bondage community who have
an extreme proclivity for fucking tying
knots
look knots all kinds of knots I didn't
know until I got a little bit into it
how many different types of fucking
knots there were and this is basically
your standard supersoft length of rope
that you can use to pretty much tie up
your whole body I don't know if you guys
watched any of the porn where they tie
up the tits in order to cut off
circulation or they do like really
beautiful tying of the whole body you
can easily do that with this you can
look up tutorials online on how to tie
knots or you can just do your own thing
basically but this gives you a little
more freedom to do things other than
just handcuff style stuff if you want to
completely restrain your lover this is
where it's at I've had rope like this
before
and I would say that this is much softer
so you're not gonna get the rope burn
stuff it's less burlap feeling the next
item we have is the obligatory fuzzy
handcuffs these are heavy-duty pleather
super sturdy like you're not getting out
of these the reason for your handcuffs
are so often used for sex is because it
actually feels better and doesn't strain
your wrists or ankles as much think
about it if you get arrested and you're
handcuffed in a car you're just kind of
sitting there so you're not gonna hurt
yourself
probably but imagine getting penetrated
really hard in the asshole or doing some
kind of electric shock to your nipples
yeah you might have a visceral reaction
to try to get out of your cuffs well
with furry cuffs that's not gonna hurt
or leave any marks and they come with
this little thing here so you can unlink
them you can unlink one wrist and Link
it to your ankle and you can do the
hog-tie effect or you can put this to
something else and restrain your lover
that way next we have the ball gag so
you put it in your mouth and it has
holes so you can breathe and then you
wear it as tight as you possibly can
don't be a pussy it's supposed to be
tight let's put it on oh oh oh
anyway this product is actually great
for beginners because it has a lot of
different holes
lots of holes no pun intended it's made
of lightweight plastic definitely
another must-have for any bondage
beginner moving on we have a
cat-o'-nine-tails which is basically
like a bunch of whips at the same time
good for tickling and tantalizing and
also good for adding a little pain I
prefer these over a standard width but
this is definitely more beginner than a
straight-up leather whip ultimately just
an all-around fun product this is the
next item which can be used as a neck
restraint with a clip-on leash I really
want to use this on rubber tone you put
it on like so and it's free on the
inside so it's not gonna leave bruises
on your neck
great for asphyxiation play - which as
you guys know is my thing choking we've
got another pair of hand / ankle cuffs
and last but not least this contraption
as previously stated this is a
contraption used to hog-tie you they
basically put a set of these on your
wrists and your ankles hook them up to
this behind your back or in front
whatever and you are completely at the
mercy of your partner or partners which
I find extremely arousing when you can
trust someone enough to engage in
bondage play with them you know they're
a keeper how about we put some of this
stuff on but first I want to remind you
guys to check in the description and
check out all of these different
products they come together as a
singular set and they're really cheap so
if you want to try out some bondage with
your significant other I have a coupon
code for you and links in the
description also if you're looking to
learn more about bondage the why the how
and the who make sure you check the link
in the description where I talk all
about why people engage in bondage play
how to be safe and why it shouldn't be
so taboo this shit is fucking fun to me
and before I put the stuff on I'm gonna
outer the video because I'm not gonna be
able to talk with a ball gag in my mouth
so if you guys enjoyed please like the
video subscribe to the channel check in
the description for all the links as
mentioned and have a wonderful fucking
day cuz you guys are awesome and deserve
it also don't forget that your sexuality
is yours alone and something you should
explore experimentation and
communication are key and you should
never knock something until you've at
least tried it once now let's do this
gonna be hard to bondage myself up but
we gonna do this alright
uh-huh this was fun I totally drooled
all over my boobs hope you guys enjoyed
holy shit guys it also comes with nipple
clamps and they have little bells on
them this set is awesome
