hey guys welcome to a new vlog I don't
know why this crow is like so fucking
loud I have my balcony door opens it's
gonna be like over 80 today and this
crow is just so fucking loud it's like
she wants attention she can totally fly
in here and be in the video I like
wouldn't mind at all anyway we have a
vlog today I was going to do my fucking
favorites video for this month but I'm
feeling a little nauseated so we'll see
how that goes today I'm just going to be
doing a regular vlog and since you guys
asked me to talk about the time where I
wanted to watch crispy or I had this
like fascination with my friend Chris
peeing the video that I mentioned this
in will be linked in the description if
you want to go check that out first but
basically I had a fetish with trying to
see my neighborhood friend Krispy when I
was like 8 to 11 years old and I'm going
to tell you that story and it's going to
be really weird and hopefully you guys
can relate to it but first I want to
give you guys a few updates I feel like
when I do these vlogs I need to start
giving you guys updates on my life again
and stuff so one of the things that's
really interesting is that I started my
clothing line my merchandise line and
that is linked in the description as
well it'll be like at the very top it's
in gear calm slash store slash Tara
Babcock 25% of my proceeds we are going
to go to charity and if you buy anything
please use hashtag Tara Babcock
merchandise on Instagram or Twitter also
you guys chose which shirt I wore today
I bought a bunch of tank tops from Hot
Topic because they were having like a
tank top sale and they had some of my
favorite things ever like I got an
Oliver in company one I got a Totoro one
Slipknot and there was another one I
don't remember Captain America and
though some of those are like my
favorite things and I posted all the
images to the shirts and I'm like which
one you want me to wear today so if you
guys want to have cool extra content
like that Instagram is the one that I
use the most the social network that I
use the most so yeah I would appreciate
a follow at Terry Babcock anyway so
Chris Chris was my next-door neighbor
and my best friend and is still I
consider one of my best friends but we
don't talk as much anymore because I
like literally have no time for in real
life friends I just don't spend time
with anyone other than Jay it's not a
thing that I do anymore I've talked to
him about doing Let's Plays like we used
to when we were younger obviously we
didn't record them but we would play
through games together like monster
rancher worms like literally everything
dragon seed we played fucking every
PlayStation 1 and 60 for like fucking so
many games together and we
like everyday um but when I was coming
into my sexuality no pun intended
coming into my sexuality I don't know
I'm feeling silly today I am very
caffeinated so hopefully I can tell a
good story right I was coming into my
sexuality and I didn't understand what
was going on with me but I was very
fascinated with what was going on with
male genitalia and how they pee
differently how they stand up with a pee
and I wanted to know more about what's
going on there and it was an urge that
was very strong it was an urge that was
a strong I would say as some of the
crushes and some of the you know sexual
escapades that I get into now where I
find a guy that I really really want to
have sex with like this youtuber that
I've been talking about or whatever and
I just really want it to my core and
it's like a just a strong sexual urge
and I didn't really understand it at the
time but I the only way I can kind of
process that I wanted that was that I
was just curious about my sexuality and
about a man's sexuality and I wanted to
explore it a little bit and it was like
that kind of urge but I was so young
that I wasn't able to process that
desire into anything sexual it was just
kind of like a curiosity you know like
when you see those like little postcards
with a little kid who's like looking
down his pants and then the little girl
that's looking down her pants and
they're like oh that's not what you have
I have something completely different
it's just like a healthy curiosity that
today would for some reason be gross to
people but it's totally normal when
you're young to be interested in
genitalia to have crushes on the
opposite sex but not really understand
why you do and it's just part of you
becoming a sexual being in a lot of
other countries like your sexuality
starts as soon as you start your period
or as soon as you can ejaculate and that
is like much earlier than people have
sex in Western society they usually wait
until they're 16 plus and I think that
has to do with just the society and it
also has to do with the culture and the
reasons why people have sexual
relationships if they're just meant to
procreate rather than meant to just have
fun with it and there's different things
that change at what age people are meant
to have sex in what society but that
doesn't matter in this video it's just
something that I went off on a tangent
about so I had this fascination I just
wanted to watch crispy and I'm sorry
Chris if you ever watched this I he has
watched one of my videos before and made
that clear a video entitled people I
love where he's in it because he's very
important to me and he was like oh it's
a sweet so I don't know if he still
watches my videos but if you do I'm
really sorry if this is embarrassing for
you or if you have like a light bulb now
on in your head you like that's why she
acted so weird then that might be it but
um I would like play video games with
him in this extra room that my parents
had because I was an only child me had a
four bedroom house or whatever and um we
had all the consoles set up and when it
was just me and him I would want to play
a game with him and I like fucking
buying fucked him right I was like I
want to play a game where we can't leave
this room because like lava or something
I don't remember exactly why but I
wanted to bait him into peeing out the
window so I could watch him pee or just
like being able to see his penis once
like that was just something I wanted to
do and it's so weird because his parents
would oh is a joke that we were gonna
get married because we spent all of our
time together and I never did anything
sexual with him to this day so this
isn't gonna be like a happy ending like
yes I finally saw the penis I never got
to see the penis and it said but after I
turned like 12 or 13 I actually got a
boyfriend of my own and I was able to
explore his body so I stopped wanting to
do it with Chris or whatever and it made
more sense to me once I got a little bit
older and became a teenager like 13 14
12 like what I wanted to do and why I
wanted to do with a penis you know like
it was just me becoming a straight woman
you know blossoming into a person right
um but there was this one time that his
dad wanted to go to some kind of races I
think there were like go-kart races or
something or maybe they weren't even
races maybe it was some kind of fishing
thing I don't know but we went out to
like a wooded area like a giant wooded
area for this like Festival and it was
just he and I and his dad right and his
dad was like whatever kind of a weird
parents like didn't really give a shit
was more of like a I don't know I I
didn't really love the guy he was like a
butcher or something and he was like
what I would consider the stereotype of
like a butcher right just like a cartoon
character that didn't really give us
just look you go through whatever son so
we just like ran off and started playing
in this vast wilderness and I tried to
get us lost I tried to get us lost so
that I would have to
to be able to see MP even if it was just
like from behind or something and I just
like really wanted it so I'm I like try
to get us lost and then stayed out there
for a long time and then said oh no no
it's this way to get back or it's that
way to get back and he was telling me
like I really have to pee or whatever
and I'm just like oh just go over there
it's fine cool you know and then we'll
find our way out and it never actually
worked out for me but it was like so
exciting to attempt to do that and it
was really weird that we were allowed to
go out into that forest alone because
there was like sounds of like wolf type
things out there and it was it got to a
point where was really dark and was
really confusing and I started to feel
like maybe we would get lost and I feel
like I'm leaving a bunch of shit out and
just like miss remembering some things
because it was so long ago and I was so
young but I just remember very vividly
that desire to want to make him do that
in different occasions like at my house
at his house when we're out like at an
event like that where we're playing at a
pool like all that stuff was just like
oh let's do it you know but it never it
never came to fruition I'm sorry Chris
that I treated you like a piece of meat
that I just wanted to experiment on from
my own womanhood you know I'm such a
fucking reverse misogynist man I don't
know I saw you as an object even though
I respected you as my best friend these
are all feminist jokes if you didn't get
it like I always want to say I'm not I'm
not a fucking misogynist misanthrope you
know what I'm saying because whatever
any anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this
I really want to know I really want to
know I already saw someone in the
comments a female say that she also
wanted to see her guy friends P because
that was the only thing she associated
with penis and I thought that was really
awesome because someone else was like me
so I don't know if there's anyone else
that has felt that way or had that urge
when they were younger or wanted that
for whatever reason and I really just
think it's a like sexual thing where I
couldn't process my sexuality but I had
sexuality because obviously I had
bloomed into someone who could have my
period which means biologically I could
have children and I can be a sexual
being and that's kind of the way that I
just processed it I guess I feel like
women will have this happen to them more
than men because uh men like it's it's
interesting that men stand up to pee men
don't
really think about like women I don't
know I feel like men are more like Oh
boobs she's a pretty girl I'm gonna
punch her I'm gonna hit her and I don't
really like do things like that I don't
know if you are a man and you wanted to
watch a female friend pee or you just
wanted to like discover what was down
there on her wanted to like do something
sexual before you understood what sex
was please post in the comments so I
don't feel as weird and you know I don't
think I'm not weird and if I am fuck it
man being weird is so much better than
being normal and I'm glad that I'm at
the place that I'm at today where I
understand and I'm open with my
sexuality because otherwise I would feel
so repressed and so unhappy and I would
probably be one of those people hating
on other people's videos who seem happy
and know what they're doing with their
lives and so I'm glad that I was an
early bloomer and I'm glad that I
explored it and I'm glad that I didn't
hold myself back from desires that I had
sometimes like food based desires I wish
I could hold back from a little bit
better but I'm working on that and doing
pretty well thank you guys so much for
watching like the video and subscribe to
the channel if you enjoyed and post in
the comments please let me know how
fucking crazy I am to you or let me know
how relatable this is because either way
I hope I entertained you guys and I will
see you probably tomorrow I don't know
what day I'm going to be uploading this
but I'll see you soon for another video
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed my metallica boobies bye
guys
