hey guys welcome to my second ever taste
testing video today we're gonna be
tasting disgusting flavored condoms
funny story when I was younger I thought
it was like a really cool idea to have
condoms that are flavored I knew how
awesome and normal it is to suck dick
without a condom so I got a few from the
clinic and they're fucking nasty got a
few dental dams too and those were gross
as well if you guys don't know what a
dental dam is it's like the female
version of a condom use for cunnilingus
pussy looking and yeah it's all just
fucking awful it tastes like that fake
aspartame Splenda tastes with some
really awful artificial flavors and
today the flavors I'm gonna be licking
are Island punch banana split
chocolate strawberry which sounds
fucking amazing but won't be and mint
chocolate which sounds too good to be
fucking true spoiler alert it will be I
was shit we also have fresh mint and
bubble gum okay so the rest of these are
probably gonna be sending out people
just like randomly every month I send
out autographs to my patreon patrons
some of you guys will probably get some
of these and then when I do that
giveaway for 200k oh yeah you guys are
gonna get some of these and anytime I
send out a sex toy or any kind of
giveaway consider yourselves flavored
condoms
it's my terrible extra gift to you
you're welcome
alright so let's go ahead and start with
bubblegum because why not you guys ready
okay it smells like bubblegum I just
taste like water-based lubricant
doesn't taste like anything it only
smells ah smells like dirty truck stop
bubblegum on the floor flavor number two
we have banana oh oh this is so fucking
gross smelling it literally smells like
those those pucks that you put it into
like male urinal but it's got like a
banana
after smell I don't know what you would
call like an aftertaste but like an
after smell also the bottom doesn't even
have any lubricant on it it's just like
the top yeah it doesn't like you really
taste like anything these are not
flavoured condoms these are smelly
condoms look
chocolate strawberry I got high hopes I
got high hopes for chocolate strawberry
least are colored too yeah it's just
like this like trick your taste buds
because it smells a certain way shit
this one smells more minty than I does
strawberry eat so I guess they're just
trying to make a taste happen in your
mouth using color and smell or something
but there's always that like hint of
latex condoms this one's bigger than the
last one I'm used to Magnum xl's
mmm grotesque we've got three to go next
I'm going with the island punch this is
like way like oh look like fingers for
gross I hate condoms you guys I hate
that they're a necessary evil I wish we
could just abolish sexually transmitted
diseases and just fuck whoever the hell
we want on the place this one actually
has like a faint taste
like a kind of a sweet taste but again
it just smells minty to me like I would
completely guess a business fresh mint
guys just suck a dick without a condom
and as I give that advice I'm thinking
about how you still can get STDs so
don't forget that just it's less likely
Oh what if I can use it to fit someone
oh now I got it on my face look at the
tip look at the reservoir tip like not
even shaped like a penis like reservoir
tip and then cone it looks like the
things you play sorry with doesn't it
totally looks like the things you play
sorry would I regret doing this video
next we have fresh mint which I don't
see how that's gonna be different than
the last one okay that's a little bit
more minty but again it really just
smells like a urinal thing you're an old
cake that's what they're called right I
don't understand there's no taste you're
just sucking on something that smells
good and has a pretty color I guess it
is honestly an upgrade from the ones
that I tasted when I was younger because
he doesn't have that nasty artificial
like overbearing taste who landed on my
knee our condoms are hard to blow up
there we go look at that nipple this is
what condoms are used for if you guys
aren't clear I do use condoms with
people who aren't Jake I just don't have
that much sex with people who aren't Jay
okay this is mint chocolate right yeah
this is mint chocolate it's so very
slightly different from all the other
ones it's just like a different smell
urinal cake er like the same smell but
like a different brand urinal cake I
don't know I do like the minty ones
though
she's not that great it's not that great
all right I've got my right breast
wouldn't I look so great with boobs
aspic no no I wouldn't I mean I would
still look like but totally unnecessary
and probably would come with some
complications
definitely more entertaining than like
oh my god I want to go buy this product
now because Terra reviewed it but what
the hell if you do if what I said sounds
good to you I'll post a link in the
description to the product on Amazon and
as always yada yada you smiled on
amazon.com because they give a
percentage of everything you buy to your
favorite charity and now I'm not an
affiliate and I've never been sponsored
by anything Amazon II just strongly
believe in giving back as much as you
possibly can
especially when it's that easy and at no
extra cost to you all right guys like
the video subscribe to the channel and
let me know what you want me to try out
next oh my god
oh maybe some candy from different
countries alright guys hope you have a
great rest of your weekend what you're
fucking amazing don't forget it
what's not amazing these condoms
