and while I'm finally delving more into
it I still find it abhorrent ly boring
most of the time so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys and welcome to a new
video today we're gonna be talking about
my political leanings this is gonna be
very interesting because this is a video
I honestly never thought I would make if
you guys remember a few years ago or
maybe it was only like a year ago I made
a video about why I don't vote why I
find politics to be inherently just a
very boring process where it doesn't
really matter what you vote outcome is
still probably gonna be the same and Wow
I come from a place of my vote doesn't
matter because I'm only one person
that's not the rationale for the reason
why I don't vote at all or don't care to
vote I don't really understand that if
everyone thought the way that I do that
no one would vote and then we wouldn't
have a representative vocal majority
speaking out for what we want as the
people I understand obviously that
voicing your opinions is important but
when I made my why I don't vote video a
lot of people were criticizing me for
saying that I'm not educated enough on
the topics in order to vote a lot of
people were saying it takes 10 seconds
to get educated on the topics and what
is the correct choice and it's just so
easy and so quick why wouldn't anyone do
it well to that person I say no it's not
that simple a lot of people are
extremely uneducated they make
reactionary decisions for what they want
to vote for and they end up voting
against their best interests or voting a
certain way because the media made them
feel like it's the way to go because
they're locked in their echo chamber of
friends who are on the left or on the
right they only watch one certain media
outlet that clearly has a bent toward a
certain direction and they don't
actually take the time necessary to make
an informed opinion I personally didn't
have the interest to or the time to make
an informed opinion and for that reason
I've always decided not to vote I would
rather not have a voice then have a
voice on something I'm completely
uninformed about and possibly put a vote
in the direction against what I really
want I got into politics more this year
and last year like most people did
because this presidential election has
been hilarious but not only that I
realized that a lot of the youtubers I
was listening to were leftists or
centrists and I never really got the
right-wing opinion I was indoctrinated
my entire life by my leftist parents to
think certain things to hate certain
people not so much my dad but more my
mom my mom was involved in even
like local government stuff she would
always walk down to the local school to
vote and she's very into that stuff but
I always felt like while it was really
cool that my mom was really activist II
about politics in the area I always felt
like she was only taking in one side of
the arguments one side of a huge
spectrum of arguments all of which has
always been really boring to me and
while I'm finally delving more into it I
still find it abhorrent ly boring most
of the time I still can't talk to you
about the nuances of certain things I'm
still learning how specific things work
the way I form my opinions about
politics is a lot different from other
people I don't listen to the media I
don't listen to people hyping up certain
fears or desires and then just kind of
Herot that
I don't virtue a signal about what I
want I don't stand on a righteous holier
than thou everything I say is absolutely
correct and there's no other side if you
don't think this way you must be
retarded there's absolutely no reason to
think the opposite side could possibly
have any good points and if you do you
are sewing sew adjective for despicable
yeah I'm not like that I've always been
someone who thought very critically who
empathized with all sides and tried to
understand why people come from a
certain position then to rather just
write them off is oh you're a bad person
Eve no just like pulling off the
acoustic padding on my wall God you've
come here this is my baby
are you a leftist I would say Eve has an
uninformed political opinion so anyway I
formed my politics or what I would call
what I think my politics are right now
based on my philosophy is not based on
how something can serve me or all the
other things I mentioned before biased
media friends etc and because of that I
don't identify as a weird centrist that
just wants to stay out of it and doesn't
want to make anyone mad and I don't
identify as far left like a lot of those
my age do I would classify myself as a
right-leaning libertarian my entire life
all of the philosophies that have made
sense to me all the ones that I've made
for myself and then heard parroted by
different philosophers when I actually
started reading and listening to the
thoughts of those who pioneered
philosophy my entire adult life I've
been very libertarian I believe the best
philosophy in life is to just do what
you love do what you want not worry
about other people and better yourself
I'm into limited government because
limited government means that I have
more freedoms
I love capitalism because it allows you
to create something beautiful out of
nothing with just business knowledge and
I love the idea of
consumers voting with their money a lot
of people think that like Oh capitalism
is so so corrupt and that's true but at
the same time if a company isn't making
their consumers happy they're gonna lose
money I think it regulates itself quite
well and we don't need that much
government regulation on top of that
it's more like a survival of the fittest
thing which I've always thought was
pretty interesting obviously I don't
want anarchy
but I always thought I would do well in
an anarchic Society often I have
fantasies about piggybacking off of the
back of the strongest most dominant male
in the species maintaining my sexy
physique and my jack-of-all-trades
nature so that I was worthy enough to be
with him in order to be the fittest and
survive the longest it would be a short
and blissful life but anyway back to
reality I've recently got into ein Rand
a little bit and a lot of the stuff that
she's saying a lot of Objectivism
is exactly what I've always thought it's
really hard for me to talk about strict
politics and not just go back into
philosophy as you guys know I'm always
hoping to talk about social issues and
philosophy but I've never really been
interested in the backend boring parts
of politics I really adore our
Constitution the First Amendment as you
guys know is my absolute favorite thing
it's something I live by it's the thing
I will want to uphold the most in life
my ability to speak my mind express
myself the way that I want to and
support people through capitalism who
create the kind of free expression that
I enjoy consuming but the reason that
I'm not super right-wing conservative
and the reason why a lot of people would
probably assume that I'm more like Laci
green leftist
is because I'm so sex positive I don't
really care about abortion
I'm pro-abortion I guess you would say
if I ever were to negligently get
pregnant I would definitely have an
abortion I don't disagree with the right
on a lot of things like that where if I
were a person who believed an objective
morality and had a strong moral compass
I would definitely understand the
argument of conception is where life
begins and everything else is just an
arbitrary guideline to allow selfish and
irresponsible and sometimes unlucky
people the ability to not be burdened so
if I put myself in the shoes of someone
who has morals especially believing an
objective morality or being religious I
would definitely be super conservative
right-wing but as a moral nihilist and a
nihilist in general I just can't care
about that stuff and I want to do what's
right for me without impeding anyone
else as much as possible so I would say
I'm definitely a big L libertarian
through and through but as I stated I
love
institution and where my right-leaning
comes in is my love for 2a which has
grown stronger and stronger now that I
got my CCW certification I love I
absolutely adore and we're gonna talk
about this in my gun video I'm gonna
make a full-on gun video where I talk
about the CCW course I throw in a little
bit of footage I maybe buy a gun on
camera to show you guys that you have to
have background checks and stuff like
that I believe anyone who's anti to a
cannot get over their reactionary fear
of guns who aren't trained enough to
know anything about guns and who haven't
gone through the process of buying a gun
getting their CCW training and evoking
their Second Amendment rights which they
are born with growing up I always
thought guns were really cool but now I
just love the idea of being able to
protect myself of being the arbiter of
my safety and of being skilled in
something that I've always thought was
pretty fucking awesome I actually really
love cops aside from having a little bit
of a cop fetish but the idea that if I'm
in a situation where I'm allowed to
defend myself but I just choose not to
be able to not to have that wisdom not
to have that skill not to have that
strength that strength afforded to me by
the Constitution
that I'm gonna sit there and wait like
10 to 30 minutes for cops to show up and
defend me when I can defend myself it
just seems a little ridiculous
I honestly think everyone from the age
of like 10 on it should be taught about
guns to feel comfortable around guns and
to respect guns the way that they should
my father instilled a very strong
respect of guns for me never pointed at
anyone or anything you're not willing to
destroy and all of the things that you
learn in CCW training or in any kind of
intro to guns training so First
Amendment Second Amendment limited
government capitalism all of these
things I believe in strongly because of
my own philosophies on life I believe in
facts I believe in science I believe in
freedom liberty the pursuit of happiness
and the right for everyone to do so as
they see fit without hurting anyone else
in a substantial way not like oh my god
you're hurting my feelings I don't care
at all about identity politics I think
if there is a correlation between race
and anything else like there's a
correlation between race and certain
diseases or something all of the
similarities within the same race kind
of stop at the superficial or the
medical everyone's an individual
everyone should embrace their
individuality and find out what makes
them special find out what makes them
happy
and then through capitalism the First
Amendment the Second Amendment if you
need to protect your
and my libertarian philosophies I
believe you should follow that path to
happiness I know this isn't very
detailed or in-depth or anything like
that but I just wanted to give you guys
a little feel of my political leanings I
listen to everything from left media to
right media and I honestly just feel
like I identify more with the right I
can see where they're coming from more
in a practical sense and if I'm seeing
issues from their religious goggles I
can totally understand their positions
whereas the left just seems kind of
transparently self-serving while holding
up this righteous indignation that I
just can't get behind I always find the
rationale of the right in most
situations to be more favorable more
palatable and I can pinpoint exactly
where and why we disagree rather than it
just being like why are they thinking
this and that so while I'm open sexually
I'm an atheist I believe an abortion for
myself I would still say principally I'm
more right leaning I know a lot of
people have said because of the rise of
the sgw culture and like far left people
just making a mockery of the left that
as a result of the left getting more
left and more radical a lot of people's
political beliefs have shifted right but
I honestly feel like if you had taken me
back in time to where this wasn't really
a thing that much while I would support
a lot more of the leftist agenda I would
still probably identify more with the
right alright guys I hope you enjoyed
this video let me know if you want me to
go into anything specific in-depth if
you have any questions for me as always
I'm watching the comments section so I
will answer them or you can join my
discord and talk to me there I would
love to hear about your politics and why
you feel you're on the left on the right
if you don't want to be part of that
spectrum if you think you're a centrist
I want to know why - all of these things
use your words to let me know why you
agree or disagree with me I love you
guys so much thank you for watching and
I'll see you in the next video
