hey guys welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says this time we have a new
creator in the mix his name is 3x gaming
thr33 X space gaming he's a really good
friend of mine and he's fucking amazing
he makes a lot of gaming content so you
guys should check him out for sure he
just revamped his channel and changed up
a bunch of things and started a new
let's play so I would appreciate it if
you checked him out his name looks like
you would pronounce it obeyed so instead
I just call him my BBC great name right
anyway this video is fucking spectacular
especially because he takes one of those
quote comments from that awesome guy who
quotes all the funny should I say and
they actually finds those moments in the
video it's really amazing you just have
to watch also there's some gratuitous
fanservice
just a little bit all of his links will
be in the description enjoy
hey guys welcome to this week's episode
let's play some dick fuck shit cock
that's my name this game
oh shit right there right now we got a
fucking vagina so erotic roses are red
violets are blue
poems are hard nice tits damn girl nice
titties like I can't be friends with a
girl who thinks that 9 inches is big
that shit is tiny I can take 30 inches
try me
forever time ever comes to the u.s.
consider him pegged he would surely like
it challenge accepted
all people jobs are hot and I love
giving them yes yes yes yes yes hey wait
man come on come on you know you want
what the fuck fire to your dick fire to
your dick I will touch you it'll be
wonderful mad that I can't kill the
fucking chest the fake chest I've got a
fake chest too damn girl nice titties
hashtag butt stuff fire in your button I
hope I know he fucks me in the ass while
I'm doing this
am I gonna fuck around with this asshole
oh you can like fucking fuck me I should
just flame him when he's up close flame
him like fuck you faggot me that's how I
flame I mean ah what one doesn't want
her man to be like Dame you just gave me
a boner I should put that on a Hallmark
card
grow the fuck up and put your big-girl
panties on did he just call me fat also
I don't wear panties
put them nice titties away unless you
show us them nipples oh I get it the
problem you guys have so often with my
cleavage
so there's our nipples involves
I was a baby and I killed that bigot
once say what you want about implants
but you gotta admit that Tara's chest is
classy thank you
Benedict Cumberbatch is sexiest fuck I
didn't think he'd be your type but he
has some alien beauty about him mmm fuck
me Benedict
oh I just had to put this in this video
this is an extensive list of quotes that
I said in this particular video about
slow third eye oh I've had guys going
all the way through me and not dying
I've had guys go all the way through me
and not die these balls just keep
hitting my face my fucking mouth I swear
to god they just run into my face I'm a
pussy killer oh I keep on getting afraid
of my own ass
I keep getting afraid of my own ass who
is that sexy spiders with it's a it's a
cane I think oh you have a pimp cane I
see oh this is the best channel ever
