hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail I'm ready to put some
packages are you guys ready to open some
packages I'm feeling super random today
so be prepared first thing we've got is
a letter Dexter Haven youtube com let's
find out what Dexter Haven sent me my
trusty letter opener whoa i sent me
money you totally didn't have to do this
Dexter $25 thank you dear Tara I just
discovered your channel last week and I
like your style a lot your video
heartbroken made me realize how vital
income is to a youtuber if less than 1%
of your fans 2,000 people say hey jude
$25 every six months or so that would
help you a lot i imagine we would
benefit also from having you more able
to spend time on your channels may be
others could match my offer just an idea
thank you for the good vids love Dexter
Dexter Haven I feel kinda weird reading
that out loud in the video because I
feel like I'm soliciting you guys but
I'm totally not I do think something
like that is an amazing idea that's why
I made a patreon actually made the
patreon right after that heartbroken
video if you guys want to watch the
heartbroken video link it in the
description but it was basically around
a time where my sole income was
donations on twitch and I was trying
really hard to survive not being a
full-time model and focusing more on
twitch and youtube and then paypal just
shut down my account for no reason
because someone charged back to me that
was a very stressful time so I just want
to thank all of you guys out there and
Dexter who have made my channel possible
because from then on out I was able to
do what I fucking love and you guys are
to thank for that so I would be nowhere
without you guys thank you so much and
thank you Dexter I loved your letter to
and choice of font Wow next package
alright so it's got like a fucking bar
code in the back I don't know why I
don't know how to open these kinds of
boxes man why do they gotta send me some
weird-ass boxes oh yeah it says DVD but
it's totally a ps4 game it's until dawn
thank you so much I knew this was coming
in the mail wow you fucking rock and my
note from Victoria thank you so much
Victoria you are fucking awesome God you
guys just send me the best gifts
seriously next I think we have another
game hopefully hopefully or like a
really really good movie oh shit Nathan
sent me death note yes death note the
movie collection oh this is so sick
original Japanese audio too of course
with english subs
I really wish I spoke Japanese thank you
so much Nathan us haha we've got another
manila envelope out look inside it's red
and blue donkey kong country tropical
freeze and mario kart 8 I should have
not opened these yet because now you
guys know I'm getting a wii u thank you
Robert um I word that this is like the
best donkey kong game that was ever
created but as a retro gamer I'm gonna
have to put that to the test don't you
go to like you can't be donkey kong to j
can't be talkin come to our these guys
jump like they're snakes oh damn but
really i really can't imagine it being
better than the SNES games especially
the way they're making in Tendo game
Tuesdays but we'll see look how open
this is like what the fuck it's my luigi
sweater from craig oh you were so
fucking awesome Craig he sent me a
picture of this he was like do you want
this and I'm like yes duh I'm totally
Luigi stripper edition thanks again
Dexter this helps a lot and that's why
anytime I really enjoy someone I always
give at least a dollar on patreon I'm
supporting like 10 people anyway this is
pretty sick I'm die acute Luigi cringy
Luigi more like Thank You Craig
next package is an amazon box today's
box cutter hello LMT extra controller
extra fun high LMT have fun in this
woolly world I wonder what these things
are an extra Wii U pro controller and
Yoshi's woolly world I'm really really
excited about this one yarn Yoshi's oh I
think it's safe to say that rubber
tongue spoiled me more than I deserve
and I still get to punish him oh my god
this is heavy and upside down we've got
a wonderful package from Sean black one
of my favorite people here we go Oh
stackable cups with Luke Skywalker Han
Solo and a stormtrooper so you can like
mix it up make it like Han Solo with a
stormtrooper helmet and Luke Skywalker's
supple ass alright Luke Skywalker's
supple calves this is really cool holy
shit a subway gift card oh my god i'm a
bias sub i love subway i always get
their veggie patties if you haven't
heard the veggie patty it's so fucking
good thank you now I have a reason to
get a cheat meal and we on solo in
carbonite fucking shower curtain all
this is amazing I should put it up
without Jay noticing I'm gonna do it oh
shit batman vs superman soundtrack oh I
love Hans Zimmer's work this is actually
a really thoughtful gift that I don't
think you know how much I appreciate you
were probably just like yeah Batman vs
Superman but I was like whoo you guys
had no idea i liked Hans Zimmer and his
wonderful musical scores Thank You Sean
oh shit this was even better sexy
woman's silhouette bathroom shower
curtain oh this is the one I'm gonna put
up she's totally freaked out jay's
against at some point I'm probably gonna
have two bathrooms as well which I'm not
looking forward to I can use both of
them monty python the holy grail 40th
anniversary oh i do not own this movie
and it's on blu-ray this is sick
outtakes and extended scenes lost
animations commentary there's a special
japanese version lego nights the knights
of the round table in Lego oh my god and
this is when John Cleese was hot I'm
excited too this is the best package
what did I tell you guys Sean you don't
meet you fucking well stop it or don't
stop it but thank you so much this is
like really really really thoughtful
shit like you know I like Monty Python
batman vs superman / ben affleck star
wars oh such good shit you're amazing
we've got a package from Diana be oh
look at this package oh my god you guys
I was cleaning up and this fell out of
Diana's fucking package and I totally
didn't notice cuz is on the bottom it
just opened me first you can read out
loud if you want I'm excited too because
I feel like there was a lot left on said
in that package dear Tara hello there my
name is Diana I've been watching your
videos for about two months now when the
whole Toby drama came out I stumbled on
your video where you discussed your
relationship with him I was really
intrigued by your views on sexuality so
I watched a few more of your videos I'm
so glad that I did I really admire you
you send such a positive message to your
viewers to be comfortable with their
sexuality you're super sexy intelligent
upbeat and I love that you give absolute
zero asks about the haters and what they
think I wish I knew you in her life
because I think we'd be friends I to
enjoy video games anime and a lot of
other things you like I love spirited
away sort out online and my favorite
anime of all time is claimed or if you
haven't seen it you should check it out
I haven't I should i played fran bow all
the way until the end loved it i'm
currently playing unravel smiley face oh
such a good game like you I enjoy going
to the gym and eating healthy and
listening to rock music and bisexuals
but I've never had a relationship with a
woman I'll be honest I never wanted to
date a woman but I've always been
attracted to them same way I feel what
the fuck we should be friends like
seriously I know how you feel about
monogamy but I have to disagree
respectfully of course I am married to a
wonderful man who's my life partner in
soul mate I've known in my whole adult
life he's helped me to be the awesome
person that I am today he's helped me to
be comfortable with my sexuality and
views on such topics thanks to him i
realized that i am not a demon for
feeling the way that I do I just wish
that your videos existed years ago
because hearing your thoughts and views
has helped me even more because well
it's just different hearing it from a
woman versus a man if that makes any
sense it does my husband and I are very
dedicated to one another but we welcome
women to share our bed if the occasion
should arise oh shit anyway I made you
this gift and I really hope you like it
I look forward to your new videos both
on your vlog and gaming channels they
freakin rock love you Tara love Diana
beer and she drew the little be a whole
this chick fucking rocks it's funny
because you feel the same way about your
husband than I do about Jay and that's
awesome and so fucking greater fines
we're like twins except you're like the
brunette version of me we should so be
friends anyway I didn't want to leave
that out I am gonna put this where it
belongs in the video this time right
before I actually open the package but
I'm gonna try to edit
thing interesting into it sorry guys but
it says don't show what's inside to
camera oh she's so pretty oh my god
thanks cosplay dude oh you guys are
gorgeous steered oh shit hot when I said
gorgeous i met hot i love having hot
female fans you guys don't understand
how much thank you baby let's see what's
in the package I don't know if I'm
allowed to show you guys in the package
I'll deduce I guess by what's in the
package it says made for you by Diana be
and wait until you see what it is it's a
hand that pokeball toad umm Danah what's
is so awesome i love it so much this is
the best thing ever you are fucking
awesome and you and your man are hot
like they're like really hot no they did
not send me nudes but they're like that
hot that I'm like freaking out over not
nudes you know what I mean you are I'm
without words oh oh not worthy we've got
a package Oh guys are so awesome like I
can't this is stupid week after week I
am more flabbergasted than the last and
just more in love with you guys and my
life and the fact that I have you guys
to back me up I feel like if I ever
needed someone to back me up let's say I
was in legal trouble or someone had
wronged me in some way I know I can turn
to you guys and that's like the most
amazing feeling hello LMT may you and
this buddy sleep well it's a bosom buddy
I don't know if you guys know what this
is oh my god why would they put staples
into this wonderful bag okay now that
I've got it out so this is meant to go
right here while I sleep why would I
want that you ask well I'm a side
sleeper so when I lay on my sides my
boobs push together and crease up my
chest and after a long period of time
that can actually leave wrinkles on my
chest so anyone who has big boobs if
you're a side sleeper you should
probably get one of these cool shit
right I bet that something that a lot of
men have never thought about needing and
women even next we have gorgeous LMT
this will also make you more prettier
more prettier rubber tongue someone's
getting punished it's more pretty or
prettier but not more prettier anyway I
asked him to buy me these things because
I need to organize my lip glosses
because I have far too many pink acrylic
lip gloss organizer let me prove to you
how I need
this I have a ton of things like this
just holding my lip glosses so much
better and that's just a few of my lip
glosses now they're not just gonna be
strewn everywhere good boy rubber tongue
the bad boy for the grammar I really
need to do makeup videos but some of
those things where it's not even fun to
record but the finished product is
really awesome whereas all the videos I
do now are fun to record I have a bigger
audience for them sometimes the editing
sucks but whatever all right guys last
but not least oh my fucking god dear L&T
congratulations on your new console
Super Mario maker wit you bundle ah and
it's got a little uneven figured I so
don't fucking deserve this like not at
all but I am so excited maybe now I can
make some mario maker content holy
fucking shit I'm gonna be unboxing this
this weekend so if you want to see the
unboxing check out my gaming channel
youtube.com slash tara babcock games i
think this was a good saving best for
last I really fucking appreciate
everything you guys do for me you do not
have to send me money or any kind of
items in order for me to feel grateful
for everything that you guys do for me
just watching my videos liking my videos
watching old videos maybe going on a
binge or just watching videos when you
have the time like that's amazing
especially when you post comments like
that's what makes me so happy is reading
you guys as comments something just fell
I get roped into just reading comment
after comment even old comments you'll
sometimes see me responding to comments
that are like one month to a year old
just because I wish I had seen it when
it was posted and I'm so fucking
grateful for this extended family that
you guys have given me I do my best to
get back to you guys and if there's
anything else you guys think i can do i
will try my best to fit it into my
schedule thank you so fucking much
alright guys on a happier note thank you
so much for all this amazing fucking
stuff diana you're fucking awesome
everyone else you guys are fucking
awesome i am fucking spoiled because of
you guys and I thought I would stop
being spoiled when I turned 18 I will
continue to be myself and produce as
much content as I possibly can for you
guys on both channels and on twitch and
on patreon and Instagram and Twitter
hopefully I don't get buried I fucking
love you and I hope you have an amazing
weekend and thank you craig from Mecca
manada Ouija see you guys next week with
another Friday netmail oh and guys we're
always asking about fanservice Friday
it's on patreon for the lowest here
possible enjoy
