hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of Tara Reid's fucking comments always
one of my favourite videos to record
least favorite video to edit so let's
get the ball rolling with the fun stuff
so I can get to the boring stuff on time
now for one that warms my fucking heart
and moistens my pussy I love that I
found you to be honest you remind me so
much of myself glad there's another girl
like me out there right back at you
these last few months I've seen
incredible rise in female viewers and I
fucking love every single one of you I
never really met many girlfriends in
real life so I'm glad I have a bunch on
the internet you could have been an
anonymous hater but you chose to be a
badass thank you here's someone guessing
who the YouTube guy I wanna fuck is is
it Jesse Cox I'm sure you would enjoy
the ginger Love Buffalo no that wasn't
Jesse Cox but the way you described the
ginger Love Buffalo now it might be your
subscribers are not active well that is
where you're wrong Android app gamer 45
many of my subscribers are in the gym
daily I really enjoyed reading this
comment so I hope you get a kick out of
it like I did my girl is a classic
beauty and has the best ass in the world
shaped like an hourglass with a bubble
butt and lucky for me she loves anal she
has a scab who's regularly and we only
use saliva lube gets too sloppy and
makes it like a hot dog down a hallway
we have been married for 16 years so we
had butt sex probably two K's arms the
thing that is crazy is that we have had
regular oral sex even more weeds like
rabbits and shit you gotta work it to
own it most of you dumb asses just want
to go in dry without warning like a
goddamn kamikaze it's true they do you
aren't gonna win any favors acting like
a toad if you do it right your woman
will eventually beg you for it be
patient
dig TJC you should start a sex that
channel have you ever fantasize of a
tranny with a long dick actually fuck
yes one of the things I want to do
before I die is have sex with a girl
with a dick trainee hermaphrodite
doesn't matter all the trainees in
hermaphrodites I see though have like
really tiny dicks like why
so yes answer your question I have Wow
attention whore sis
first of all how is wanting attention
sad you know what's really sad is people
who don't want attention you know why
that's sad cuz commonly they suffer from
social anxiety disorder and they wish
they were attention whore
secondly I can't imagine a person who
creates content and can't be labeled as
an attention whore we want our content
to be seen
ie we want attention drawn to our
content I can't imagine a youtuber like
working really hard on a video posting
it and being like watch is this
I know due to the fall on avatar you're
calling me an attention whore because of
the way I dress or the way that I acts
well trust me I'm not doing either of
those for you or anyone else other than
myself so you are prostitute on my titty
fucking video yes women who like titty
fucking have to be prostitutes next
Elijah Weaver with some good advice if
you don't want a fuck-boy then don't
expose your ass cheeks first of all I'm
totally fine with fuck boys I'm kind of
a fuck girl except I'm honest about it
but like why post this on my feel free
to fat video it has nothing to do with
me having a problem with fuck boys
mostly it's directed at people making
comments like yours way let's rewatch
the video to see what it says I am so
tired of fuck boys like every time I
expose my ass cheeks fuck boys just come
out of the Woodworks and I'm like no no
more fuck boys I want a real man to
settle down with me and I thought the
way to do that was to expose my ass
cheeks oh wow I did talk about that
another comment I just really enjoyed
reading I'll just say I've been around
the block with all the points in this
video I have given received and even
been pegged by not one but two at the
same time there was a lot of fun and
never had a bad experience I did a lot
of research and no I never had a shitty
experience no pun intended
that was my addition PS suck all those
small-minded people who talk shit or
just try to get a hold of you for only
sexual reasons I loved that I found your
channel and you have a very good outlook
on life that a lot of people don't have
the balls to enjoy your fucking great
don't ever stop I might stop if you
don't let me peg you I love how calm she
is saying about this shit's you do know
that you are classified as a prostitute
don't know if you get paid or not but
man I wish I had friends that were this
chill about sex talks and other stuff
I'm not hating it's kind of confused
there because it sounded like in the
middle you were hating but you're kind
of jealous of me and wish you had me as
a friends so if I talk about sex I'm a
prostitute God a lot of people think I'm
a prostitute man trust me I have nothing
wrong with prostitutes if I wanted my
sex life a little bit different and
society was a little bit different and I
could pick and choose exactly who I had
sex with what better way to make money
than having sex like really it's like
I'm already gonna do it might as well
get
hater ate and come the trolls in the
comments section who take me way too
seriously and can't get on board with a
logical idea just because they're so
sexually repressed oh my gosh she said
she'd be a prostitute here why just why
why please tell me why why does this
have so much click mate why please tell
me on a video entitled I masturbated to
Eminem where I explicitly talk about how
I masturbated to Eminem and then right
after that who came here for the title
all the title says hit fuckin it's a
video about tit fucking hopefully
everyone came for the title because
that's what they got and then right
after more clickbait oh wow
on a video called the taste of come
where I talk explicitly about the taste
of cum
yeah that clickbait I'm gonna start
making videos entitled like my trip to
the grocery store where all I talk about
is the taste of gum oh shit it's another
funny one from Gary with an IE oh my god
I just woke up with morning wood and I
need to pound my fucking cock well I
fantasize about coming over those big
juicy fucking tits and with my mom and
grandmother still outside my bedroom
door low mm-hmm I hope you guys like
that that was my audition to be a metal
band frontwoman that actually is one of
my dream jobs however it will never
happen a front woman who screams and
sings and plays the bass guitar things
that my fantasies are made of oh and I
would also we're really really skimpy
clothing but with a lot of blood and
keep the blonde bimbo look that's my
thing the only time Tara's boobs don't
look good is when they're covered oh my
god my tits look so bad today
no dude I agree they're also less
comfortable in their cover bad girls bad
girls what you gonna do what you gonna
do when they come for you you feel
accomplished because bad girls know what
they want in bed and if you can make her
cum high-five Tara someone said you hate
black eyes is this real and then someone
replies yes her dad is Grand Dragon of
the clan she even took part in a
lynching once I heard and then I
actually reply with a serious response
and say I don't like ghetto guys of any
color I have no problem with BBC and
then after that some girl is like wait
is that seriously true to the guy saying
that I was involved in a lynching then
the guy replies yeah 100% what also can
people stop calling me racist for the
most arbitrary reasons like me not
liking one stereotype of a guy
why are you getting uglier and fatter
every physical day because you can't
really get uglier and fatter every
metaphorical day but it's impossible to
you to be beautiful because your face
looks like shit is super glued to your
face so yeah what are we talking about
my face you should probably put face in
there one more time
fake is fake hair fake boobs no fat for
you realize lightened hair but all mine
and fake boobs all fats for you fixed
and Adolf Hitler says dead inside
hate to break it to you Adolf but you're
dead on the outside to quite a few years
now alright guys I hope you enjoyed
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel if you enjoyed I totally
just thought I rhymed enjoyed with
something else but now I'm thinking I
just had enjoyed twice thanks for
watching guys you're amazing keep
posting fodder for the series and I'll
keep making these videos so I'm gonna go
to comments I could do this series every
day thank you for being you and I'll
continue being me for you bye
