hey guys I know it is an upload day off
but we are getting really close to 200
thousand subscribers so I want to tell
you guys what I'm gonna be doing for two
hundred thousand subscribers first thing
I'm gonna be doing that Jo eye video if
you don't want to know what a Jo eye
video it's a jerk off instructions video
I'm gonna be fully clothed or at least
you know bra or bikini or something I'm
not going to be doing anything nude or
anything actually pornographic but um
you guys have really wanted me to do it
and I think I can vastly improve upon
the realism of a lot of the ones that
I've watched and now I'm like excited to
do it I told you guys I would do it at
200 case I'm going to be yes it will be
on patreon no it will not be huh be
behind the one dollar contribution wall
thing so it'll be free because I told
you guys I was gonna do it and I don't
want anyone to not see it I had the idea
of doing it for everyone who wants to
watch and I think it'll be a great
really fun video to do and I think it'll
be the epitome of being open sexually
well also making you guys feel like you
are kind of in a relationship with me
because this is the type of thing that I
would actually do because I love
watching guys jerk off so I'm gonna go
with that line of fucking yeah I'm gonna
go with that premise right there but
anyway that's the one thing I'm gonna do
something I'm actually gonna do on this
channel as I'm gonna react to my old
videos and pictures and I'm gonna go
back to like the very very first ones
where I'm just like staring at the
camera making faces like ridiculous shit
and then the very very first gaming
videos that I put up on the channel as
well as well as the very very first
videos on my vlog channel which aren't
all that old the other ones are like
really old like 2008 to 2012 type range
that's like really really old right but
I'm gonna be doing that I'm also going
to be giving away something bigger than
$100 I don't know what yet I don't want
it to be like I when I get 250 K subs on
my gaming channel I want to give away
like a whole gaming peripheral set like
my favorite headset my favorite keyboard
my favorite Mouse and maybe something
else maybe like a game or something
right but um for for the vlog channel I
don't know what I want to give away I
don't really want it to be sex related
because then it is either it's gender
specific you know like if I give away a
male masturbator again like a really
good one or a dildo that I'm only giving
away to a man or a woman or something
like that and it's not I don't want it
to be about sex I want it to be about
something that you guys can actually use
so
you guys have any ideas for what you
want me to give away please post in the
comments something that's over $100
something that you guys would actually
really want something that would help
you guys out I was thinking about maybe
getting some getting laughs getting you
guys some kind of like camera or
microphone or something if you guys want
it to be youtubers but I know a lot of
you guys don't want to be youtubers so I
want it to be something that all of you
guys feel like you want and can use so
let me know what you think I hope to
give back as much as I possibly can it's
really been helping me a lot to have
this patreon page I'm doing giveaways
every month for various different things
now out of my own pocket which is
awesome because I fucking love giving
things away I'm now giving everything
that I used to give when I was modeling
full-time to charity I'm also using
smelled on amazon.com which you should
be too and what else am i doing I'm just
fucking improving my quality my
production quality as much as I possibly
can like I have the fucking laptop so I
can see my viewfinder and change the
settings and all that stuff and edit it
anywhere you know without having my back
hurt sitting on the and my ass hurt
especially my ass because those lines on
my ass have you seen on Instagram oh my
god I cannot edit anywhere what else I
got a new camera a new lens and you guys
are just fucking amazing and I cannot
wait to move to my new place so I can
have different sets for you guys like I
love adding to my production quality and
you guys are making it possible you guys
are making me able to live off of my
dreams and I want to give back to as
much as possible so here's to almost
getting to 200k you better push that
shit share that video tell people to
subscribe and we'll get that Jo I and
that reacting to videos and that
giveaway going I love you guys so much
thank you so much I never thought I
would be here honestly and I'm still
