hey guys welcome to a new vlog today
we're gonna talk about my parents and my
childhood a lot of you guys have been
asking me about that and I figured I
would talk about it because I had a
fucking amazing childhood not to make
anyone else jealous but I still to this
day really misses being back in the
childhood day as well
where everything was so simple and
nostalgic and music by the way is the
most nostalgic trigger er ever if that
was even halfway grammatically correct
which it wasn't
but like any time I listen to music that
I listen to from a certain time period
in my life or a certain relationship in
my life it just like brings me the fuck
back so a lot of like classic rock and a
lot of like classic pop like around the
classic rock times like Led Zeppelin
Pink Floyd and stuff like that but the
pop version stuff the stuff that my mom
used to listen to like blue Ã¶yster cult
and a bunch of other stuff like that
fuckin Tom Petty what else is there a
fuckin love Bob Seger - like a lot of
people don't know that the the Metallica
song that they covered what is it
something about being on the stage or
whatever that was one of my favorite Bob
Seger songs when people say that
Metallica song I just want to like kill
them because even though the Metallica
song is really good it's just the
nostalgia from fucking Bob Seger's voice
like oh my god but anyway so my
childhood was full of a lot of really
amazing rock music a fucking ton of
videogames and adventuring on the
weekends with my parents I grew up as an
only child with a mother and a father
that never split up and never got
married because they didn't really care
for the tradition I also feel like their
relationship was never really
traditional to begin with I was an
accident
my mom was dating my dad for a little
bit like non seriously and that's pretty
much all I'm gonna say because my mom's
like an extremely private person and
would probably be really pissed if I
talked a lot about her personal life or
things that she has told me about her
past but they're very liberal very chill
people very fucking cool people my dad
has always been like a tech geek he's
really into video games and computers
and stuff we had like really old
computers up until like the newest shit
and my parents have always been like an
apple family which drives me crazy cuz
except for iPhones
I fucking hate everything Apple like
having an Apple laptop Apple computers I
had like the first Apple iPod the first
generation one back when it was like the
newest thing ever and people were like
what the hell is that and it got stolen
from my locker like twice and my dad had
to get me like new ones and my dad
always had the hookups with
the coolest people he had a friend who
had a garage full of guns and he lived
on the Indian Reservation or the Native
American reservation I feel like I was
just racist somehow whatever words who
cares um and so we were to go up there
and we would fire off a bunch of illegal
fireworks it was really fun and they had
like mini cannons and I remember a
summer it was like a warm summer night
and I was like kind of I was
prepubescent I wasn't crushing on this
boy but I really enjoyed the time spent
with this boy that I met on the
reservation and we were like cuddling
just chillin watching a TV show and
blankets and I remember my parents like
freaked out there was like a big
explosion because one of the mortars
that they shot off went into the back of
the truck of something that like we were
really close to it it was really it was
crazy and it was fun and um my parents
always protected me my dad really really
liked to be adventurous and I did too so
like I would go we would go on family
vacations to Seaside Oregon every year
and I would like to like climb on things
and go like check out different things
and do kind of dangerous things like I
would like to rock climb just like on
the sides of like those little pottery
areas where they like put mortar stones
and then on the inside there's like
bushes and stuff and it's like higher up
than the the in the sidewalk and stuff I
would like to walk on those and my dad
would always make sure I wouldn't fall
but my mom's like get her down from
there you got to stop doing that and we
would go to places would that had like
caves and we would go check out caves
and we would look for like fossilized
remains of things and it was just really
great like I really loved my childhood
and I bitched and moaned a lot about
some of the things that they wanted me
to do like going out on weekend
excursions to go rollerblading and bike
riding or when my dad wanted to take me
to historical sites in Seattle or to the
U district to go shopping and chilling
and to Alki Beach I always kind of
bitched about that there were times when
I wanted to just stay home or hang out
with my friends or whatever and now I
kind of regret every single one of those
times and I know that's just like part
of life being a teenager growing up and
wanting to do things that aren't with
your parents my parents and I would play
tennis a lot one of my favorite memories
from hanging out with my parents is my
mom and I playing Bubble Bobble and my
mom and I playing goof troop my mom is
like a she would be called a casual
gamer right now because she always loved
popcap games and she loved playing
solitaire and she played mahjong and she
like every fucking game that you can get
standard on like an old PC all the time
except for like minesweeper I've never
seen her playing minesweeper sweeper um
but she just like really loves playing
different types of games that she would
spend hours on bejeweled or you know
bookworm and I think her favorite was
what I think bejeweled has always been
her favorite but there was another one I
don't remember what the name of it was
but I was always a big fan of chisel and
bookworm but I liked more like actual
games you know like I had the SNES and
all of the different consoles my parents
spoiled the shit out of me with consoles
it didn't matter if my dad had to get it
from like a secondhand shop or from one
of his friends or just buy it like new
and stuff but we had all the consoles
all the games we were doing some things
to get extra games like renting them and
then burning them and stuff like that
and we just had like hundreds and
hundreds of games and because of that I
had all the neighborhood boys over at my
house playing video games and one boy in
particular lived right across the street
from me it's kind of funny when I moved
into the house cuz okay we grew up this
is gonna be all over the place but I'm
just gonna be nostalgic and talk to you
guys about my family life and my growing
up because fuck it why not maybe it'll
make you guys in this algae for your
home lives or maybe it'll just be
interesting to learn something about me
while I mouth vomit hopefully I mean I
was a mouth vomit er up until like
recently when I finally started putting
structure into my videos because I feel
like the production quality has risen so
that I have to actually make quality
content instead of just rambling about
things but I am a Rambler and that's
just what I do and it's like a fucking
diary and a therapy session for me to
just talk about things and you know talk
to you guys and it makes me feel better
to read the comments and to see the
people are similar to me so anyway um
there we were poor growing up but I had
to go into consoles that were like
hand-me-downs and like old consoles and
things and I fucking cherish that shit
but my dad got a better job so first my
dad hurt his knee doing construction and
we weren't that well off because my mom
was a manager at 7-eleven and my dad was
doing construction so we lived in this
really small apartment and we didn't
have that much money and then my dad
hurt his knee and my mom was worrying
about money what are we gonna do but
that time in my life was the best
because my dad was always home and I was
kind of a daddy's girl when I was
younger because he was so fucking cool
he had all the video games he had the
cool music like oh my god we got to go
to venture
and he would let me like bike ride and
teach me I'll play basketball and it was
the fucking best um so I enjoyed that
part of my life but we were tied on
money then my dad got a really good job
at a mall as a maintenance supervisor
and he started making a lot more money
so we decided to buy a house and I
remember being really disappointed that
we didn't get a two-story house but my
mom said I don't want to clean upstairs
as well as downstairs and that's
something that my mom would so totally
say like she hates fucking cleaning but
then she cleans like crazy and like one
of her hobbies that isn't just like
sitting on the computer and playing
little games or playing games with me is
like working in the garden and stuff and
she always wanted a garden so we just
got a nice little house with a garden
right so um when we first moved in there
was this group of extremely fucking
Turchi girls ranging from ages younger
than me we moved it like when I was
eight years old ranging from like two
years old up until like 15 to 17 I don't
remember the oldest girl but I would
spend a lot of time with these girls
because I was another girl in the
neighborhood that moved in right next
door or whatever and they were fucking
awful like they were so boring and they
like the they like seventh heaven was
like their favorite thing which is very
weird because I remember them being
extremely extremely churchy and when I
watched a few episodes of seventh heaven
like a long time ago
it was like there was a cheating and you
know fucking just crazy things on there
that like kids shouldn't watch if
they're that churchy right like I was
trying to watch Monty Python with them
to show them what I liked you know
because back then I had really weird
interest it was Pokemon Monty Python and
stuff like that and I was fucking weird
to everyone but I didn't give a shit I
owned up to that shit because my parents
told me I could be anything I want and
my parents showed me these cool things
my dad used to take me to Pokemon card
tournaments and I would get the little
badges and we were the Wizards of the
coast stores it was fucking awesome and
I always wanted to play magic and that's
why I started playing magic now because
it's something I've wanted to do since
my childhood but anyway um so these
girls were fucking weird right and they
eventually moved out and I was sad
because I felt like I wasn't gonna know
anyone else in the neighborhood and I
was gonna be lonely even though I didn't
really like these girls and this little
boy named Chris moved in and I have a
little bit of this on my draw my life
video which I'll post in the description
but uh Chris and I became best friends
and we're still really close friends
today as close as I can be to people
when I don't really have a social life
but I still cherish him as
like person in my life and we still talk
about maybe doing videos together of the
games that we used to play monster
rancher worms like you fucking name it I
had hundreds and hundreds of video games
and he would come over and play and he
was literally my best friend my fucking
everything at that point and he was like
the first person that I started
projecting my like sexual thoughts onto
I remember it's really weird but I
really wanted to watch him pee cuz I
didn't really understand what was going
on with like Bowie's penises and stuff
but I was like you know I really want
this to happen so I used to like what we
went out this is like a story for
another time if you guys want to hear
this weird ass fucking story about me
Criss crossing sexuality with pee I
don't know if I've explained all of it
in the pee golden showers video I'll
link that in the description so if you
want to hear about it post in the
comments anyway so Chris and I were
really really close to played video
games all the time then we would go
outside ride our bikes and pretend that
we were in whatever video game we just
played machine Hunter like there are so
many amazing games that we played
together and I fucking love that guy
he's awesome um and so that was like an
amazing part in my life and then at some
point I started to get her into a
rebellious phase where like my parents
are really really really liberal they
were really cool but they were also
really like protective of me and my
mom's always worried about fucking
everything like she's worried about me
getting fucked over she's worried about
money even when she doesn't have to be
she's just like a worrywart and I
understand that they're also really like
understanding of things you know so like
they would tell me not to cuss for a
while and then at a certain point when I
became like 14 15 they just stopped
caring if I ever cuss and then it became
like whoa your parents a really cool
type of thing but they would never allow
us to like do drugs my mom really didn't
want me to do any drugs even though
everyone in her time experimented on
that kind of stuff she obviously didn't
want me to you know go dude scary
because as a parent you think about how
drugs aren't really that big of a deal
in certain situations or in the
situations that you were in as a kid but
then you think about the possibility of
it becoming some disastrous terrible
thing right so every parent doesn't
really want you to do drugs or they want
you to do drugs you know with them
around so you can be supervised by them
I've heard that kind of parenting
technique before and like it makes sense
drugs like especially like weed and a
little bit of alcohol that's not really
the biggest deal in the world you can
definitely die from it it can definitely
become a
gateway drug even though it isn't you
can definitely get date rapes like bad
things can happen right so you have to
worry about your kid and my parents were
like that but they also understood a
bunch of things so when I did bad things
my dad would yell at me like for no
reason because he was really
non-emotional but clearly very emotional
like he didn't like to show his emotions
or whatever um and but he would just
Nick yell at me because clearly he was
like really worried about me and I
always thought that was hilarious
because I could totally see right
through his like tough-guy act like I'm
a dad he was really just worried about
his daughter always hated my boyfriends
always you know fucking didn't want me
doing certain shit wanted me to like go
down a certain career path or go down a
certain educational path and I really I
thought it was amazing because I never
really knew but I was in a magazine I
talked about this before in a video I
don't remember which video but I was on
a mag in a magazine on a magazine stand
at like borders and Barnes and Noble and
stuff back in the day and he like told
his his coworkers or whatever he was
really proud of me and then I heard that
from someone else and I was like oh he's
actually proud of me for doing what I do
and like my parents have always been
like do whatever the fuck you want in
life and make yourself happy but at the
same time I know my dad wanted a boy
that was gonna be in the NBA kind of
thing you know so I think he raised me
to kind of be a tomboy and I really
embraced that shit I fucking love that
shit like crazy and I was a tomboy up
until my mom thought it might be a good
idea to enroll me in the Barbizon School
of modelling and acting which is like a
total fucking like it's just a scam
right it takes your money and then
teaches you barely anything and I went
there every Saturday for like months and
I got my diploma or whatever but I never
felt like I fit in there other than the
fact that I really enjoyed making myself
pretty with makeup other than that all
of the like book on head walk in a
straight line do runway stuff I loved
the idea of being a bikini model but
that was something I couldn't do at like
13 14 years of age I had to wait until I
was 18 and I was definitely down for
that and that was like my my plan from
then because I enjoyed being pretty and
being sexy while I still also enjoyed
all of the tomboy fun that I still enjoy
today so it was kind of like the perfect
synergy that I learned from that
Barbizon modeling school and even though
it didn't really help my modeling career
at all like when I started off in
modeling at 18 it wasn't like a thing
that helped me
but it definitely helped me find out who
I am I feel like a lot of people for
lack of a better word get typecast into
the type of person that they become and
that's why stereotypes are so prevalent
because you know the tomboy will wind up
not being you know a very girly person
because of the friends she meets the
people she encounters the things she's
told by society she's supposed to like
whereas I kind of went the tomboy route
and then was exposed to the girly stuff
and found out which portions of each
lifestyle I liked and kind of combined
in that's just what made me who I was
and it didn't hurt that I was such a
sexual being at such a young age so um
when I was turned on to my my sexuality
I got a little more rebellious because I
wanted to explore things I wanted to try
the the sex drugs and rock and roll type
lifestyle you know like obviously as
much as a fucking preteen slash teenager
could and I made some bad decisions in
the people that I associated with and my
parents were really reluctant to allow
those people in my life and if you watch
my draw my life video you know that my
friend Andrew died of either an overdose
or a suicide or a murder we don't
fucking know which but if you want to
watch that and also the death of my best
friend Andrew I think that's the name of
the video I talked about that in there
as well but that was one of the people I
smoked weed with for the first time one
of the people who got me a bunch of
boyfriends that I had one of the people
I could really turn to and that's
something that also made me see that if
someone's doing bad things like that's
one of the lessons that I learned that
if someone's doing bad things and looks
bad on the outside they can have a good
heart and just have like a broken home
or something or just are really unhappy
about a certain situation and that was
Andrews case and that's why he was doing
drugs and I don't know I had that
rebellious time where a lot of people
would call me a slut or a druggie or
whatever but I realized that wasn't
really my thing and doing drugs and
drinking often was just a result of me
not being happy in a relationship that I
wasn't in that point I went out with a
guy named Jared who stole cars a lot my
parents strongly disapproved of him but
they did not keep me from seeing him
which I really think is a good move they
supervised day lot of it and but
eventually they allowed me to let go he
was working at this Bollywood studio
which that was the incursion of my love
for Bollywood movies I fucking loved
Bollywood movies and get
samosas like cold samosas and eating
them so fucking good and I would spend a
lot of time there and my parents would
let me stay the night and stuff because
his older sister Shawna was there to
like watch us and that was a lot of fun
too had a lot of you know sex too much
sex for Jared but I liked the sex you
know but I worried about him going in
and out of jail and I eventually broke
that off and at that point in my life
when I was being rebellious Kris didn't
really follow along so we would see each
other less and less and I ended up like
really missing the times where it was
just simpler and we would play video
games so I would play video games with
my boyfriend Jared's younger brother
Landon and we would play Goldeneye we
would play fucking GTA san andreas a
bunch of other fucking games that he had
at his place and it made me like Miss
Kris and miss those times so then I kind
of went back to doing stuff like that
when I met Jay and that's not childhood
anymore at one point as an only child my
parents adopted my best one of my best
girlfriends modÃ¨le because she was
having a troubled home life and that
ended up ruining our friendship and she
ended up not liking Jay which was like a
deal breaker because Jay was like
amazing to me and like the perfect guy
in my life and it was just kind of
ridiculous that she was being abused by
her boyfriend no this fucking matters
right all I'm saying is that I did have
like a roommate
when I was living at my parents house
that was like a sister to me for a time
and my mom became a legal guardian of
her for a while or legal what was it
it's just like a foster and it wasn't a
foster family because foster family is
like a legit like you're staying here
forever it was like a guardian type
thing where she was in between places I
don't know if any of this is interesting
to you guys but to this day I have a
good relationship with my family my mom
when I was first getting on my feet
allowed me to stay there until I was
like 19 or something at which point I
was I solidified my modeling career I
can live on my own and I moved and my
mom and I still talked my dad and I
still talk my dad every time I go over
still showing me gadgets and shit and
giving me certain things that he found
or God or showing me what we you fucking
game they're playing now and I like my
family I think they out of all the
families that I could have been given
I'm very glad that I got mine
I'm really appreciative to my parents
for telling me that I can be anything
that I want to be and that I should
follow my dreams and not give a shit
what other people think and for
supporting me all the fucking time and
letting me know that if the career path
that they wanted for me or the
educational path that they wanted for me
isn't what I want then that's fine for
allowing me to surpass them in in my
life
without having the the things that held
them back like my mom had a hard time
with money so she made sure that I had
everything I wanted I was spoiled as
crap
whenever I wanted something really bad
they helped me get it as much as
possible so I just want to thank my
parents you guys are amazing I know I've
talked about my parents before but this
is a more in-depth look at my I don't
know why there has to be some kind of
shit outside my fucking window and why
it has to be so hot in here but I
apologize for whatever noise you're
hearing right now anyway let me know
what you guys this childhood was like
did you have a really good childhood do
you feel like your childhood shaped who
you are today do you feel like some of
the prejudices you have shaped you that
you heard about from your parents or do
you feel like your parents were
completely liberal a lot like mine and
allowed you to make your own decisions I
know my mom always went by the saying
that you need to make your own decisions
in life and she wasn't gonna force me to
do anything but she did kind of guide me
and make sure I didn't get hurt or
anything
and I am grateful because I am living
the life of my dreams right now and I
feel like as well as that wouldn't be
possible with you guys it definitely
wouldn't be possible without my parents
being a such a good foundation for
thinking outside of the box and doing
over the fuck I want so I'm sorry this
is a longer video and I'm sorry I
rambled like crazy um but I want to go
rollerblading and I wanna I I invited my
mom over to play goof troop with me but
I ended up playing goof troop with Jay
because she didn't really want to she's
a school bus driver now and she well
she's been since I was like five or
something like she stopped working at
7-eleven but she the school bus driver
so she's always gotten summers off so
she would always be home during the
summer and we could always like spend
time together play video games together
and that's why I spent a lot of time
with her when my dad would be working
because she didn't have anything to do
all summer and she would do things like
you know just garden and play games and
play games with me and one of my best
memories is sitting on the couch I'm
playing a game and she
he's playing like mahjong and she's
really into it and we're just like
chillin on the couch and it's summer
it's really hot and all the doors are
open and we didn't have a/c and we had a
cat named shadow who died and then we
had a cat named climber who died
recently and I like I cried for three
seconds and then I was like immensely
sad but I didn't cry anymore and I
fucking hate it when animals die like I
had a lot of pets when I was growing up
as well I had a Myrtle - turtle I had
tons of betta fish I had gerbils and
hamsters I really wanted I really want
now to have like a pet and my dad would
always show me pictures or telling me
about how he had a baby crocodile and an
iguana and I'm like oh that would be so
fucking cool and so yeah my parents
taught me to be myself about Monty
Python fucking Pink Floyd video games
and turned me on to all these amazing
things in these amazing subcultures that
I like fucking love to this day and
still adore like pink floors my favorite
band of all time and it always will be
because that's the shit that I would
listen to in the car my mom had an El
Camino and my dad had and I think was an
s10 little like Chevy and I fucking
loved those cars and sitting in the back
of my mom's like like adorable El Camino
I wish I had that I'll come you know I
was like blue and I would put stickers
all inside and she was getting some
Maddux it was there El Camino but
eventually she got rid of it because it
it like broke down and she was like okay
I have a kid I can't have a car that's
breaking down and then she got the car
that I now have which I also loved
because it was her car forever and she
took really good care of it
and I've been souping that up for a
while so I can I I'm a very sentimental
person that very much loves my childhood
like it was really hard for me to get
over the fact that you know local co-op
isn't really as much of a thing anymore
and now it's like online game play and
like side-scrollers isn't really much of
a thing anymore are like top-down games
and 2d games it's all about like 3d I
remember the fucking first and second
like 3d Sonic I'm like well fuck Sonic
and it's really hard for me to not see
those as like the best days because they
were like really amazing days even
though right now my life is exactly what
I would put together for like if I was
what my life is exactly what I would put
together if I was gonna put together a
perfect life but you know nostalgia
right it might not have been
better than now but it's still like a
great time and I see it in this like
misty beautiful like oh there's some
kind of classic rock music in the
background and I'm just having a good
time you know like a lot of the fucking
like music from those days makes you
feel like you know I don't know I feel
like my rough my rough teen teenager a
lot teenager days I'm just getting
ridiculous now my rough teenager days
was like we're like okay should I stop
the video I can't fucking talk um the
the sort of rough days that I had as a
teenager they weren't that bad and they
didn't impact me other than to teach me
that I don't like drugs and alcohol and
partying and I do like all the things
that I left behind for that which is the
the real friends the good people in my
life that hanging out with my parents
and the playing video games and that's
what I stick to now I don't go out and
I'm glad I learned that early and I'm
glad I also learned that I really like
sex and that there's nothing wrong with
sex early so that I can enjoy that now
and not be all slut-shaming and weird
and churchy like a lot of people are and
by churchy I mean you know like the idea
of a churchy person who looks down on
someone who's sexually liberated and
doesn't fucking is like not what's the
word fuck I'm out of it today
non-theist not atheist because that's
actually proclaiming that you don't
believe but like just believes in no
gods type of thing or doesn't subscribe
to any of those notions without saying
that it does not exist and I'm not
talking about Ag not agnosticism either
I'm talking about it's just like
non-theist or some stupid shit like that
I don't know I'm rambling now I fucking
love you guys you guys are my life's
blood as I always say and I like blood
so you were the blood of my life flow
from me like a period ha ha ha I hope
you enjoyed this I feel like no one
listened to this so if you guys got to
this point you should post in the
comments dirty underwear vagina dirty
underwear vagina and I'll know and
you'll know and we'll know and maybe
I'll put you in Terry's comments and act
like you're silly but really I told you
to say it all right bye guys thanks for
watching let me know about your
childhood what
