hey guys welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says this one was created by
Nicolas Alstott aka butters the original
creator of the shit Tara says series and
he is at it again with a fucking amazing
installment I really really enjoyed this
one like this is one of my favorite ones
of all time most in the comments what he
can do better and what you thought and
don't forget to check out the
description for all of his links he
makes a fuck ton of amazing gifs on
tumblr and he has a patreon page if you
want to support Korn gifts WWE gifts
movie gifts mainstream gifts and tera
gifts I hope you guys enjoy he even made
me an intro for shit Tara says roll the
footage
hello you sexy cunts wait where the fuck
is my phone hey guys welcome to this
week's episode of Tara Reid's comments
wait Tara can read I've literally looked
her for three seconds and intelligently
deduced that she's a whore
and whores are basically fake gamers
factually that factually can't read
right they kept saying that she loves it
she deserves it she's a slut at heart
this only made me want it more harder
the guy in my face pulled out of my
mouth and came all over my nose mouth
eyes saying see she's just a cum covered
slut she's actually a pretty good reader
he's not really taking that dumb blonde
stereotype way too far yes I can read no
that's not an achievement sluts are bold
these days as opposed to this lusts of
the 18th century who were shy little
things I would wife you if you ever seek
to settle down dear my whole life I've
been wanting to settle down instead I
was a slut because I thought no one
would have me you sir have broken my
curse I am ready to settle down come
hither fucking slut you have such a
little to offer as a woman your basic
and narrow-minded bitch so don't start
demanding all these luxurious features
from guys I think blunts looks like you
should get killed
thanks you you fucking slut that's
disgusting I can't believe I subbed you
stupid fucking titty whore bitch slut
slut slut fuck you ugly ass slut no guys
gonna FAP to that fake ass lame ass
smelly ass bullshit ass whore like ass
tits my tits are not smelly white racist
slut confirmed you are a fucking dumb
bitch it sounds like all of the mass of
your brain went into your tits that's
why you put a fucking cleavage just to
make men masturbate over your image fuck
you I can't stop she put a fucking
cleavage I'm sorry but this is the
biggest whore I've ever seen in my
entire life
mom I'm only like five four that's
bullshit big shout-out to guys who
watched this piece of slut that's
actually the nicest hate comment I've
ever got most people think I'm a full
slut and she looked like a fucking bitch
and such nigger dick for money for food
fuck you cunts eloquent he said it I
didn't say it dumb as bitch you probably
don't know
pronounce your feet you dumb bitch and
that's our a little bit of irony for the
day anyway do you hear this fucking
train there's like no train around here
what the fuck is going on these vids
consist of Tara's funny comments who are
calling max a bitch at least once
riding Warren's nuts and one compliment
to max that is actually a great synopsis
and a great advertisement for my life
and strange videos I really do want
Warren's nuts squirrel or betta fag
alert this is the work of Nathan he's so
lucky I'm a pacifist you are not a
pacifist bitch
okay plate spill bitch you wrecked oh
we're good now I die so let's rewind
pitch now Chloe that's right shut up max
you fucking bitch that's right those of
you that watch the let's play I did of
life is strange know that I was riding
Warren's dick hardcore the whole fucking
game well this is the easiest decision
in the universe where is the like wait
let's go fuck in the back button like
what is this woman who have had more
than one cock should totally be treated
as a second class people you really
don't want that bro
let me tell you why because bitches will
start being more picky about the one
penis they're allowed to have and guys
like you will get zero pussy you should
definitely treat ugly STD ridden sluts
with appreciation because they're the
only people that will ever fuck you OS
corny I don't care look how much money's
over there though oh my god why don't
you wear a fucking condom you stupid hoe
I don't think I would want pee on my
face but I wouldn't want come either so
already a boring girl I'm afraid of cum
Oh lmao only a woman looking for
attention would say cum tasted good
let's be honest it's nasty everyone
knows it's nasty it is something women
grin and bear Sarah Taylor I feel sorry
for you
if you find the one who loves to take it
in the butt you must keep her by any
means necessary
I always love to hear some good advice
from the comments section on YouTube you
would make me happy if you just shut up
in your next video so I can masturbate
in peace it won't work with you talking
time to FAP are you guys just having sex
and playing video games all day long
every single day yes I will eat your
asshole vii ups I wish to see you
completely naked and lick your anus and
clitoris things dreams are made of
hashtag if your sexual you're probably
not a person and you're just a whore how
do I get you're interested and fall out
it's a pretty long game and a lot of
playing I want her to become really into
fallout type games so how do I do it
steps to get your girlfriend into
fallout step one
tell her it's a farmville sequel or
candy crush depending on your girl's
unique personality does this guaranteed
to work by the way then tell her that
every hour spent playing fallout with
you means she doesn't have to suck your
dick because women hate that shit a
couple comments ago Sarah taught me that
make sure to tell her that you will not
drizzle her income that's incentive if
that doesn't work you can just beat that
bitch until she plays fallout one
hundred-percent money-back guarantee as
a female gamer stay away from call of
duty trial battlefield 3 far cry 3 but
I'd say stay away from call duty
completely why what's wrong with Call of
Duty
get your butt in there get your butt in
there
oh yeah lady pots oh you're not that hot
do you want to do porns with me I'm
German male nein nein nein you're
preventing me for having sex with you
what does that say about you maybe that
I have some taste Oh burn
sorry bro you do kind of have to have a
personality and know the difference
between loose and lose you know like how
your mom's so loose that your dad is
losing Tara let me get right to the
point
I want you let's make this happen didn't
even have a picture that only works when
I do it it's that you are so fucking
sexy we should be friends no response
didn't work this time see the problem
with boobs they're fucking great mind
hers everyone's
famous because boobs I'm famous but you
still should fear my mighty magic mum's
high five tits
high tits for tips tight it's fake tits
I just break your nose I'm so sorry
throughout the video I was just looking
at the two jewels she has thanks I like
him too
probably you have a future of being a
porn star since you're showing almost
all of your tits and that's why you're
defending fabbing you are chest is as
flat as paper you need a boob job hon
what are they double A's
god I'm so Fletch ested I really need to
get a boob job your channel died talk
about sucking dick again wrong channel
bro this is the gaming channel hi Tara
I'm a huge fan how much dollar signs
dollar signs do I need to contribute on
patreon to send a dick pic well you can
send me dick pics for free I'm pretty
sure in a fair world I would have to pay
for dick pics oh my god this gives me a
great business idea you give me ten
bucks and send me a dick pic and I will
give you a rating thanks dick pics oh I
hope it doesn't offend you but you're
the best pianist I've ever heard I beat
my dick like it rubs my mother oh I like
that one your dick did rob your mother
of the pride of her son I'm pretty sure
that she used to be a dude and then she
still has a penis someone is not
familiar with my modeling pics some of
those
please leave nothing to the imagination
best pick-up line hello can you hold
this drink while I take a shit then
another guy says better pick-up line
shakes hands you hold my hand the way my
grandmother holds my dick Tara please
humiliation on my little penis well I'm
sorry but there's not enough room for me
to get on it so I can humiliation there
the only reason this slut has any views
is because she dresses like a whore and
acts like one quote law I want the D
wink-wink choke me end quote
I bet daddy wished he had a son wow you
hit the nail right on the head my dad
did wish I was a boy he taught me how to
play basketball when I was really tall
when I was in fifth grade he thought I
would be in the WNBA so I guess I should
be kind of sad that my dad wanted a boy
but then again I'm not because he said
if he had a boy he would have named it
dirt come here little dirt
my dad's great oh wait this was supposed
to be a hate comment the only reason
this slut has any views is because she
dresses like a whore and acts like one
quote law I want the D wink-wink choke
me end quote
I bet daddy wished he had a son okay I'm
offended you are so fucking fake and so
fucking disgusting your parents must be
very proud of you my parents aren't
proud of me they have a lot to be proud
of you make my cock so hard Tara shut
the fuck up virgin it was a prank you
cancer patient neck yourself hope you
die from cancer this year fucking whore
I hope you are ever successful in your
life do you find me attractive
smiley face yeah I'm really liking that
gradient block to white with some kind
of triangle in there can't really tell
you're gorgeous I mean I'm sure you are
in your own way new beauty tip if you
want to have natural luscious and
luminous Beauty eight tacos a taco a day
keeps the ugliness away
thanks fat-ass I'll have to try that a
streamer that doesn't try to do a sexy
voice isn't awesome and isn't afraid to
cuss nice hey guys I'm actually going to
do a point that's terrible at video
tonight but instead of it just being
really pointless I'm gonna actually talk
about something I honestly didn't know I
wasn't awesome also wait a
passive-aggressively confirm my
suspicions that I do not have a sexy
voice and to top off his comments video
was something extra stupid fit turd and
then he goes I had to correct himself
without actually changing the comment or
editing or removing his retardation by
simply putting a three because knowing
whether its third the third or the third
it's so hard I mean there isn't clearly
one that just makes more sense than all
of the others
protip you can edit and remove your
comments
alright guys I think that's a good place
to stop for the week don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
have sex with your mom and a monkey and
keep posting stupid shit in the comments
so I have more fodder for this series I
love you guys as you're fucking amazing
don't forget to check out the gaming
channel which I pull comments off of as
well and just yeah I'm gonna go play
life is strange bye
it's true I crave you see you guys next
week
