hey guys this should be a fun video I
did a video recently called celebrities
who rejected me and in that video I
showed you guys an explicit text that I
sent to a youtuber who I guess ignored
me or something or didn't get it I don't
know and I was talking about how a sex
dream about him well this person I was
not organically attracted to if that
makes any sense I want to tell you guys
about a dream another dream that I had
it by him last night which was even more
vivid and now I just totally want to do
him and it's really annoying that things
work like that for me I have this weird
thing where sometimes there's people who
are not my type who I just like really
want at some point in my life and I have
no idea why it's got to be like some
kind of weird chemical reaction or my
brain fucking playing tricks on me like
I didn't even like this guy that much
this guy was like in the level of like I
would fuck you if we were alone and I
was horny and there was no one else to
fuck because you're not that bad-looking
but you're not my type kind of friend
right like that's how I saw him and I
know I'm very aware that a lot of people
don't have this category a friend but I
kind of do I feel like sex is not
something that should be such a big deal
something that should be shared between
only one or two people in the whole
world and it's sacred your body sacred
like obviously I fucking love and
respect the shit out of my body I think
it's beautiful just like everyone his
body is beautiful in its own way and I
definitely respect the health of my body
but when it comes to having sex I
fucking love sex so why not indulge in
it when I want to and if I had a friend
who I thought was you know kind of
attractive and we're just like having
you know fun because we're both horny
like why not I see something like that
as innocent as long as we have
protection and all that call me a slut
if you want I don't sleep with that many
men but I would definitely be up for
that kind of friendship so anyway um I
after last night's dream I've solidified
the fact that I do want to sleep with
him it's really annoying because I don't
want to want to write because he's not
responding to my texts so I messaged him
the way that I messaged people in the
celebrities who've rejected me video
which I'll link down the description if
you haven't watched that you should
watch that first and I was like hey we
should be friends right and he was at
like two months later he was like yes
yes we should or something and I was
like okay you know he's attracted to me
or something that's what I thought at
least so we started talking we talked a
little bit we talked about movies and
games
and then he stopped replying to me and
it wasn't like because I sent him that
message about how I had a sex dream
about him it was like just randomly when
we were talking about video games we've
played or something I don't know and um
so then I sent him the sex dream to kind
of be like hey and like he told me like
I'm gonna be busy I'm not gonna reply as
much I get a lot of texts and like that
kind of thing is kind of a turn-off in
itself telling me that you're really
busy and like making like you can tell
me you're busy because we're busy right
people are busy but it's about your
priorities and something as easy as a
text to a hot girl or a text to a hot
guy or a text between friend youtubers
right like that shouldn't be something
that's impossible to do so I hadn't even
watched his videos very much recently
but last night I had a pretty explicit
trick we weren't we didn't have sex but
we were going to have sex and it's a
very interesting dream very vivid
usually my dreams go all over the place
and make no fucking sense so let's tell
you about this dream I had last night so
I was at something like VidCon right
like a big festival for a lot of
youtubers right and he was doing this
live show which at this is the part that
doesn't make any sense because there's
no such thing as this kind of live show
but he was doing like a game show with
like there was like bleachers with fans
and he was like in the front and he was
doing like a game show with viewers
right and I was like oh that's cute he's
doing things with his viewers and um in
the dream I was attracted to him so it
was like around this atmosphere of me
just being like hmm this guy's hot you
know so um I was just watching and
hanging out and there was some guy who
was like hitting on me that I wasn't
attracted to it all on this guy like
puts his arm around me and I'm like no
no I'm like backing off right and the
guy the youtuber comes over and talks to
me a little bit and I'm like flirting
with him a little bit and then he leaves
and I end up spending a bunch of time
just like hanging out in this like
courtyard in front of this hotel the
hotel that he and all the other
youtubers were staying at for some
reason this VidCon was in Seattle so I
didn't have to stay at the hotel I was
just you know staying in my house but I
was down here until the night time
hanging out with people in descript
people who I didn't know who they were
and stuff it was just kind of fun and it
was dark by this time but um next to me
was suddenly this cute brunette girl she
was like a pretty cute brunette girl she
looked a lot like my my viewer Demi who
is like a good friend of mine now I
actually sent her
my sex toys or not moaning my sex toys
but a sex toy that I got from Adam and
Eve so we're like that we're like that
she was a really cute brunette girl and
but it wasn't supposed to be Demi so
Demi if you're watching this I'm totally
not saying that you're trying to steal
my man right you know I'm saying but
anyway um so the guy comes over and
starts chatting me up and we're flirting
and I'm thinking all right I'm fucking
in right we were just talking about like
random stuff and the girl comes over and
apparently the girl she seemed like a
fangirl but she was also clearly someone
who knew him better than I knew him you
know like someone who she had met
through being a fangirl but now they're
kind of friends and uh she comes over
and like breaks it up clearly trying to
like cock-block me right and she's like
I want to go home can you take me home
or he takes me back to my hotel it
wasn't home because she wasn't staying
here and um he's like yeah sure and then
he tells me he has to leave because he
has to go get his car keys from the
hotel room so he can take her home or
whatever and I'm like okay clearly she's
cock-blocking me I don't want to get
into like a girl fight with this girl
let's just you know allow her to be
insecure and have her you know celebrity
crush thing that she's gonna like go
hook up with her whatever that's fine
so I'm walking toward the hotel and I
see that he dropped a pack of cigarettes
this makes no sense bees and smoke
cigarettes and I would not be interested
in anyone who smokes cigarettes most
likely unless they were like fucking
gorgeous and I'm just like I'll just
deal with it but on the pack of
cigarettes had some kind of in descript
information that he needed so I was like
oh shit I should give this back to him I
start walking toward the hotel and then
I see her standing in the front looking
really like pissed off and discouraged
and stuff so I'm like all right I'm not
going to start this I'm just gonna give
her the pack of cigarettes to give back
to him and I'm gonna go home so I go up
and talk to him like hey and she's like
what and she's like rude about it right
and I'm like these are someone's those
pack of cigarettes can you get them back
to him and she's like sure and then I'm
like all right I'm just gonna go home
thanks for that let me know Oh fucking
someone's talking to me on discord
anyway sorry um but so I start leaving
and she's like wait wait and this is the
best part of the video this is way
better way better than hooking up with
anywhere in the world finding a girl
this fucking cool to admit something
like this she says you know what I've
been mean to you and I'm sorry I wasn't
trying to like cock-block you or get in
your way
you know I really like him and I was
just you know insecure and didn't want
him talking to you honestly and I'm
sorry for that I'm like hey no problem
like I totally understand and she's like
but you know really like we could just
like do him together are you are you
into that we can just do them together
right and I'm like really and I'm like
thinking oh this is heaven even better
right like a cute brunette girl me and
this guy so I'm like saying okay sure
and if you for some reason are
uncomfortable we can leave you can stay
at my place I live here it's not very
far so if you ever get uncomfortable let
me know I'm like this I'm always the
person protecting the girls that I'm
sleeping with or the girls that I care
about I'm kind of like the matron in
most situations because I feel like I
have a handle on my emotions and I feel
like I'm less more rational less
emotional than most people so some
people might have a hard time dealing
with certain like you know sexual issues
certain jealousy issues certain
comfortability issues I know with the
you know rise of all of this seek
youtuber raping people hate stuff like
it is a huge huge issue that people
don't have the self respect to say that
hey I'm uncomfortable stop this right so
I've always been like if you have any
problems just tell me just let me know
I'll protect you we're good right and
I'm like going over this with her and
she's like okay and then he starts
coming out and she's like nevermind I'm
just gonna go and like leaves and I'm
like no why and I'm like okay I have to
make a choice I have to go run after her
and make her feel better or I just go
with this guy and they fucking do the
asshole move which in the past I have
been pretty tunnel visioned when it
comes to wanting to have sex with
someone I like hurt my friends or dissed
my friends especially when I was a
teenager like it was like my boyfriend a
hundred percent over everyone else if
we're having an issue then you know like
I've like gone to a friend's birthday
party and then like left because I got
in a fight with my boyfriend I was like
13 at the time too you know granted
don't think that I'm some terrible
person now and I understand the
importance of being there for the people
who are there for you more over you know
just getting laid type of thing but for
me the pole of sexuality is extremely
strong for me like when I want to have
sex with someone I really want it and it
makes it so much worse that I actually
have a portal where it's possible like a
lot of people keep their their sexual
attractions in check because they're
like I'll never meet her I'll never
with her no I'm not at a station in my
life or there like so much above my
level but I often get attracted to
people you know that are just like
youtubers like me or just random people
like me or just people at magic people
at a photo shoot male models whatever
and it's like I can totally do it and
that's what I think in my head and then
it gets into this like awful spiral
where I'm like I got to do it and it's
like sex and my sexual drive is
sometimes my downfall because I want it
so bad and I want things so bad and I
want people so bad that um it can get me
into trouble but I've never had a huge
problem with it I'm pretty I'm getting
better at keeping it in check but anyway
so after that I woke up and I was really
disappointed and there was nothing I
wanted more after I woke up than to just
do this guy and its really annoying
because I don't like I didn't make it's
not like I want guys that I can't have
right because I initially way before I
even thought he was attractive thought I
could get him because of the way he
responded to me and then I I had the
first dream when I thought we were still
on good terms and now I'm just kind of
at a crossroads where I'm like I hope we
never meet because it's gonna be really
awkward because he clearly is like
turning me down to even be friends with
me and it's really weird
um maybe something I did turned him off
it's so weird like people say um people
ask me for advice all the time like I
went out with a girl last night and I
said this and this once particularly
think maybe she is you know she is maybe
offended at that she hasn't been
responding to me she hasn't been texting
back and I'm like it could be something
completely different it could be some
kind of little intricate nuance about
you that she's just like fuck it that's
a deal-breaker I'm not talking to him
anymore so unless I was there I can't
possibly give advice just like unless
you were there in my fucking text
messages and know the person really well
um you can't know why he's not
responding to me honestly but uh you
know maybe he's just not into me
maybe he thinks I'm a succubus I don't
know and amaya maybe I don't fucking
know I'm not a succubus for money I'm a
succubus for all that cock you know I'm
saying oh I know this is going to go
into Tara Reid's comment surge shit Tara
says as I'm saying it right now but yeah
I don't I
the only thing he has going for him is
like a beard and as I say that as I say
that it's not keemstar I just want you
guys
passionately want you guys to know that
it's not keemstar that I'm talking about
because a lot of you guys when you were
guessing which I like so guess in the
comments uh you guys were guessing
keemstar and I'm like oh no I don't know
it's not even like I hate him or
anything is just no it's not him but
yeah feel free to guess in the comments
and I hope you guys found this
interesting and I when I was younger I
had remember I told you guys I made a
video called I masturbated to mmm the
video will be linked in the description
as well and I was extremely obsessed
with eminem and back then I was a I was
a young girl there was no possible way I
thought that maybe I can get him oh I
saw him like being with like jenna
jameson and shit like that and I'm like
I'm 12 and can't be with this person
legally and he won't even look my
direction right so I've been on both
sides of the spectrum where it's like I
could probably get him and there's no
fucking way I can get him I had a huge
crush also on James from Team Rocket for
like the longest time and it killed me
on the inside that he was not a real
person that I could just jump the loins
of at any particular moment it's not
even possible like that killed me I
don't know if you guys feel the same way
so post in the comments if you do if you
have like crushes where it feels like
life or death to just have sex with them
you know I don't have crushes where it
feels life or death to to become the
boyfriend or girlfriend of them but I
have oh I have had situations where I'm
sleeping with a guy or I want to sleep
with a guy where I'm like it would be
kind of interesting to go somewhere as
his girlfriend like that would be an
interesting situation but I'm never like
wanting to marry the person I'm never
disillusioned enough to think that I'm
gonna be doing something I don't even do
in my personal life you know what I'm
saying
I'm never gonna be exclusive exclusive
to someone and so it was kind of silly
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this I
hope it was fun um some more
self-depreciating sacrificing stuff
content that you guys might laugh at
yeah I have no problem talking about my
downfalls I have no problem making
myself look like a slut or whatever I
just want to be real and tell you guys
how it is and tell you guys the little
psychological nuances and fucking
pathologies that I have so maybe we can
you know share those together do you
guys get really intense crushes do you
guys get crushes on people you wouldn't
normally be attracted to if you just saw
a picture of them let me know like the
video subscribe
to the channel guess who the youtuber is
and have a wonderful fucking day you
guys are amazing I love you so much and
yeah I hope you guys have a good night
I'm gonna go stream bye guys what
