hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail we have three
beautiful fucking packages today which
are technically two beautiful packages
in one amazing letter but before we get
started I'm gonna need some help from
you sexy Germans
I've sent this package to a patron
recently and it finally came back to me
and I have no idea why it was returned
because the stickers in German let me
try relay it to you it says Boren DD
Vohra su set hungin Bora set jeonghan
there article 9 owned zine death verts
raagas the groom dong dare euro - vert
shock to give mineshaft
minecraft nish heir foolin that was the
worst German pronunciation ever but I
tried and then it says at the top is ole
send them and the rest is scribbled out
for some reason and then on the bottom
there's a picture that says the rook and
the box that's checked is snitch to AB
behold any ideas why my package didn't
get there or was that unintelligible
anyway before we start I have to give
you the obligatory I fucking love you so
goddamn much she is like my new dress I
kind of like my new dress I never get
really really long dresses but I bought
one because it was a cute little shade
of purple and I thought it would make my
boobs look good what do you guys think
let's go ahead and just open some shit
we've got a letter for me alright that
keeps on giving what there we go
Tara considering that anonymity of this
you can read this on epidemic you want
or keep it to yourself
I want to articulate this as best as
possible without sounding like a crazy
person I chose to remain anonymous
because I'm not saying these things
because I want attention but rather than
I really believe them and just want you
to know how much you've impacted me a
few years ago I was in a pretty great
relationship with a guy however he
subscribed to a more polyamorous
viewpoint back then I like to thank I
was pretty liberal and accepting but for
some reason I couldn't wrap my head
around it ultimately this caused a lot
of strain and I eventually got dumped
and rightfully so I know about that I've
been following you for about a year now
give or take and all I can say is quote
where were you three years ago end quote
all loving this letter already the way
you approach the topic of sexuality is
so frank and refreshing you basically
logic to me into understanding more
about the realm of sexuality as whole
but more about myself as well
is fuckin amazing honestly I used to be
significantly more judgmental about
people in multiple sexual relationships
and otherwise polyamorous now it just
seems so well idiotic I will readily
admit to being an idiot you're not an
idiot a lot of people have this problem
like this is like a common thing it's
really hard to wrap your head around
because you've been raised a certain way
you see everyone else's relationships a
certain way and jealousy is a natural
and reoccurring emotion that we can't
really control now having said that I
don't want to just acknowledge your
sexuality while not pointing out your
intellect the way in which you approach
a wide variety of topics should be
modeled for a good chunk of society
because people make such bad decisions
without thinking that's not to say I
always agree with you but even when I
don't I still respect your stance
because there's always a legitimate
logical foundation that merits some type
of recognition dude thank you so much
for this letter this is like one of the
best letters I've ever gotten I really
wish I knew who you were I want to keep
this short and concise and I may not
have said everything that I want but
I'll finish by saying that I'm so glad I
found you I don't want to sound like a
crazy fan that's obsessed with you
though drooling fans are always fun but
your approach and logic really helps me
realize a lot about myself and how I
should approach things Thank You Tara I
will continue to support you
PS the gaming channel is amazing as well
smiley face this is one of the best
letters I've ever gotten I really wish
it was like handwritten and had a
signature and I knew who you were so I
could just like find you fly to you and
give you like the biggest fucking bear
hug or as big of a bear hug as I can
give being a small girl probably hugging
another small girl because girls are too
small in general I love girl hugs it's
so funny spending so much time with guys
and like hugging guys and you see how
like big they are and not even like if
you're a skinny girl just like any girl
guys just feel so much bigger like their
musculature whatever muscles they have
and then you had a girl and it's like I
just want to cradle you forever you're
so soft and sweet that is what I want to
do to you I'm sorry in advance anyway
thank you so much for this letter this
is really brightened my day like I feel
so fucking great now and you're awesome
dude
and as a side note I really love people
who can say that they don't always agree
with me because I fucking hate yes-men
but can still respect what I'm saying
and where I'm coming from that's like so
great and what's so amazing about
sharing your opinions and
with other people I feel the exact same
way any time I'm watching a video of
someone I respect and they have a
differing opinion from me it's just like
we'll go for being you and actually
letting everyone know what you think
without being worried that someone might
disagree there were too many fake yes
men on the Internet
all right let's move on to a box a box
that feels quite empty I was carrying
this and Jay dropped it on the floor and
I was like well it's okay cuz it's empty
and then you made a comment about how it
might be origami and now I'm like is
this box origami ha dude oh I sure enjoy
your gift you're awesome and I love you
from Kiev Thank You Keith oh my God look
it's an addition to my Nintendo chain
Thank You Keith you are fucking amazing
I love you so much look you can't even
hang him oh he's so cute oh when I added
him to my wish list I thought he would
be bigger but this is like way better
cuz he's so adorable and soft ah where
should we put it right next to subscribe
oh shit I just surprised myself because
there's actually three boxes in one
letter did you guys notice by the way
that I found my first box cutter that I
thought I lost oh yeah now we have a box
cutter fucking family my xxx awfully
game the company that made this sent
this to me and wants me to review it I'm
super excited because it looks fucking
badass xxx awfully is an erotic game to
be enjoyed by intimate couples explore
each other in ways you never dreamt
possible this is gonna be fun I'm not
gonna lie
thank you xxx awfully guys or xxx
awfully I appreciate you guys sending me
those and last but not least we've got
more stuff that a company sent me now
this is a full-on bondage set with rope
a ball gag handcuffs and more but I'm
actually going to be doing a full review
on this for sex ed so I'm not gonna show
too much except this what I meant to say
was thank you so much for the stuff that
you sent me Thank You Keith and thank
you anonymous I feel bad now for
thinking that it was a girl it could
totally be a guy who had a boyfriend guy
or girl I think your letter was fucking
amazing it was the highlight of this
video a highlight of my fucking Friday
and I could not be happier that you
actually found some purpose in my stupid
fucking videos about myself
and what I think about sex I really
appreciate your viewership and your
support you guys are my fucking
lifeblood I really appreciate it and now
because I love you guys and I miss
having fanservice on this channel a
little bit I'm going to show you a few
PG snippets from my fan service over on
patreon this week enjoy
and I hope you guys have a fucking
wonderful weekend cuz you deserve it if
you guys want to send me something as
always my address is down in the
description of every video I've ever
made and if you want more Tara please
head over to the gaming channel at
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games my
Dark Souls 3 walkthrough is on fire
and you can see the little the arnie
that i got last week over there
seriously there's nothing better than
you guys bye
