oh boy do I have a story to tell you
guys what the fuck happened to my sasha
grey male masturbator okay so one day I
decided to go into my sex toy drawer and
pick out a dildo for the night I was
moving things around and I came across
this I was like looking through seeing
if there's anything that's on maybe some
kind of irrationally hot heat source and
I found nothing right oh it's like so
gross what is wrong with it I was like
thinking what could it possibly happen
did someone break into my house and
sabotage my sasha grey mouth like
there's no explanation for this right if
you saw this you would say who the fuck
killed my sex toy so about a month later
I was messaging with my contacted Adam
and Eve and we were talking about doing
another video together and I mentioned
this and he actually let me know that
there are proper and improper ways to
store sex toys and a chemical reaction
cause this what the fuck kind of sad
about this this was Jay's favorite so
because of this fiasco today we're gonna
talk about the proper way to take care
of your sex toys since they take such
good care of you I'm also going to be
giving this male masturbator away link
is in the description if you want to
sign up for the giveaway I'm giving you
free pleasure in a box here guys so the
first facet of sex toy care that we're
gonna talk about is cleaning there are a
few things you want to remember when
cleaning your sex toy
make sure your sex toys always clean
before you put it away especially if
your sex toys the jelly kind because
those tend to Harbor and spread bacteria
pretty easily you can use a specific sex
toy cleaner like the one I have linked
in the description from Adam and Eve
don't forget to use my promo code for
50% off guys or you can throw them in
the dishwasher or wash them using
antibacterial soap silicone metal and
glass toys are the easiest to take care
of so starting with these kinds might be
best for beginners another way to keep
your beloved sex toys clean and healthy
is to use a condom
every single time just throw away the
condom after each use and you don't have
much to clean up there are actually some
types of sex toys that can be
potentially hazardous or harmful to your
body or even toxic so some of them you
might want to use a condom with anyway
toys containing fatale AIDS this is how
you spell that can break down and
actually leave residue in your body as
well another place people go wrong when
taking care of their sex toys is storing
that was my downfall if you just throw
your sex toys of all different materials
into one drawer without any protection
you can create chemical reactions
between them which could break them down
and destroy them yep even melt them
obviously I found that out the
interesting way
thing to do is keep your sex toys
separate with each one having their own
bag if possible at minimum separate them
all into different bags for each type
silicone with silicone jelly with jelly
a bag like this works perfectly for the
situation these will be linked down in
the description and I'll throw one in
for the giveaway as well this is
actually infused with Bioshield 75 our
technology I'll go ahead and open it up
so I can show you what it looks like got
sugar pull it out pretty red bag and
this is what it looks like you can
clearly keep to at least sex toys in
here it's not a bunch more this also
helps keep sex toys away from your
animals maybe you have a dog that wants
to bite on something and it keeps dirt
and dust off as well practice safe sex
toys okay that was bad after this ordeal
with my sasha grey mouth I kind of feel
like a true scientist the last way that
people go wrong and mistreat their sex
toys is by using the wrong type of
lubricant for the type of sex toy
they're using this might not sound like
a big deal but some lubricants can
actually ruin sex toys outright the
safest way to go is water-based
lubricant for all of your sexual
interactions but when you're playing
with toys sometimes that isn't ideal
let's go over a list of toy types and
which lubes work best with them glass
and metal toys specifically surgical
steel work well with any lubricant these
toys are pretty much indestructible but
you know don't try especially with the
glass ones oh I can imagine the pain of
someone shattering a glass dildo in
their sphincter avoid silicone lubricant
at all costs with your silicone toys it
might seem intuitive to pair the two
together but it will actually adhere to
your sex toys and completely ruin them
on latex sex toys never use an oil-based
lubricant this ruins latex rubber and
can even ruin condoms so be careful
during intercourse again when in doubt
of the material stick to water-based
lube with wooden leather toys and
clothing oil based lubricant is actually
pretty good because it conditions the
material but remember if a condom is
used don't use oil it's best to use a
lubricant product that's specifically
made for sex not something like baby oil
Vaseline which are oil-based lubricants
by the way Adam and Eve also has a large
selection of lubes maybe I should do a
whole episode on lubes tingle lubes
different Lube bases novelty lubes and D
sensitizers what do you guys think does
that sound like a good idea anyway I
hope you learned from my horrific
mistake and I hope you never have to
enter your fun drawer and be faced with
something like this
zombie sex toy share this video and add
awareness to the scary sex 2a mutations
disease anyway I like the
Oh subscribe to the channel and I really
appreciate you watching I really enjoy
making this series and I love being sex
teacher Tara if you want to read more
about these topics the links will be in
the description so you can further
educate yourself and buy the necessary
products of course with my coupon code
come on 50% off and free shipping it's
like the best thing ever I love you guys
and keep fuckin with healthy sex toys I
hope you guys enjoy the mail masturbator
don't forget to sign up for the giveaway
