hey guys since I have my laptop here on
my lap we're gonna do this month's
Instagram Q&A on a laptop it just makes
sense right I'm sorry little foam you'll
be useful again next month maybe also
how fucking awesome is this lip color
anyway let's get into it so I have
loaded all the comments and questions on
this YouTube Q&A post on my Instagram
which is at Tara Babcock so follow me if
you want to participate
Jordan Ward 99 asks Xbox or Playstation
I've been a PlayStation girl my entire
life
Devin Jacobs asks why did you decide to
get a boob job because I really like the
look of huge fake stuck on tips that's
it sick neon asks favorite t-shirt you
own probably this one I bought this one
before I got my boob job because I knew
it was gonna look awesome on me after I
got my boob job that was like eight
years ago and I still fuckin love this
shirt I'm sure you guys can agree fated
everyday asks are you sexually into
girls at all I'm bisexual
so yes alexandria today asks what is
your skincare routine you're amazing oh
thank you baby I basically just use an
apricot scrub a generic drugstore brand
so that it's not tested on animals not
saying I'm just because recently they
paired with a bigger company and now
they do tests on animals and my skin is
pretty much shit if I'm not taking yaz
or Yasmin birth control I know there are
a few others on the market that help
your skin but that one is the one that
I've sworn by since I was like 13 years
old
Pierce Leigh asks favorite childhood
moment I had a really fucking amazing
childhood so it's really hard to say
what my favorite childhood moment would
be I would say either playing Bubble
Bobble and rainbow islands with my mom
or on the weekends my parents and I
would go on these like excursions either
rollerblading biking or just taking a
hike around like really cool areas in
Seattle alaka'i beach stuff like that
and I always really enjoyed those and I
miss them X van midge
or X van me can't tell asks what is your
favorite type of video to record what is
the worst type of video to edit I like
recording all of my videos I hate
editing most of my videos editing is a
fucking terrible process that takes way
too long and I want to put like a
billion hours into it to make it
absolutely perfect but when I do that it
ends up not being worth it and I end up
like overworking myself editing can be
fun because you're thinking about the
finished product and how like funny and
awesome it's gonna be to you at least
but then you're halfway in and it's like
three hours in and use
the ones that are the worst to edit are
the game release news videos in the
series comments videos those take like
three to six hours to edit but now that
I have this laptop in a cool little
setup where I can like lay on the floor
with a blanket and it's comfortable
not as bad and my razor or river with
the macros I'm just fucking knocking
that shit out awesome
who's our Doga asks are you planning to
dye your hair going brunette or redhead
maybe nope
there is nothing I'm going to be dyeing
my hair unless it's like a color dye
that's like semi-permanent or something
that's really close to this hair color
ever again
I went red and it wasn't even like a
dark dark red and it completely ruins my
hair blonde is just me that's my thing
that's what makes sense to me and I
can't imagine feeling like I want to
change it especially drastically and at
the expense of my hair's health I
finally grew it back out to like past my
boobs and I'm happy that it's so healthy
so let's just let it relax I do
occasionally get the inkling to like
change it to like a weird crazy color or
like dip the tips or something but it's
just not worth the damage here's a pic
of me as a redhead if you haven't seen
it
gente Gina asks can you find me any cute
girl friend or an Asian boyfriend how
about her or him threesome / foursome
hit me up baby
Andre Johan 95 asks do you play any
instruments or are there any that you
want to learn to play I was in his band
for like six or eight years or something
when I was younger and I could play the
flute the clarinet the oboe all of which
are kind of in the same family but I
have always wanted to play the bass
guitar that's like a dream I just can't
imagine having enough time but I imagine
sometimes even fantasize about being
able to play the bass guitar really well
and then like playing in my underwear
and making youtube videos of that vamp
pepper asks will you end up doing both
the pacifist and the genocide run
through of undertale I think I'm just
gonna do my organic run-through of
undertale I'm really sad that I killed
my mom in the beginning it like broke my
heart because I thought that's what I
was supposed to do and that's all I
could do and then I realized it wasn't
and from that I've been a pacifist so I
can't be a true pacifist and it makes me
kind of sad if I enjoy the game a lot
I'll often play it again off stream with
Jay to kind of show the game to him but
I'm not sure if this is gonna be one of
those games and if I do I'm probably
gonna be full-on pacifist
knowing Jay all z13 asks would you
prefer a toy or an actual penis actual
penis any day of the week
King Yeager 99 asks there is this girl I
like who may like me back should I go
for it fuck
yes that will always be my answer you
should always go for it
the worst thing that can happen to you
is she says no and then it's like okay
now you know and you can move on with
your life
there is nothing worse in my opinion
than asking what if and people always
think like well I don't want to ruin the
friendship really if something that
stupid can ruin a friendship you weren't
very good friends to begin with
sure and moreish asks favorite character
to play in the binding of issac Lilith
is really fun I love familiars in the
fact that you get to double the
familiars it's so amazing if you ever
play her in greed mode you get to double
the familiars in the same room like a
hundred times and it's fucking insane if
you look at my screenshots on my Steam a
lot of it is just circling in a circle
with Lilith and a bunch of familiars
Lopez V asks how long have you been
doing YouTube I've been active on my
vlog channel for about two or three
years now three years now I think
and on my main channel I've had it since
like 2008 but I've only really been
making videos on it for like 3 to 5
years but this past year I've been super
serious about it never missing days
having a real schedule and just like
working my ass off and I fucking love it
it's like my calling thank you guys for
being a part of that what is your
favorite action anime slash manga I
recommend prison school Prison school is
pretty cool but I wouldn't call it an
action anime or manga I really love
attack on Titan if you guys haven't seen
the anime that shit tugs at your
heartstrings that shit is emotional I
never get emotional when watching shows
but that shit is fucking legit I also
have to mention the fact that Dragon
Ball Z will always be my favorite anime
and anything from Studio Ghibli Mikael
free child asks who surrounds you who
makes up your team how many people
involved to push your brand who's behind
the curtain me and very very rarely J
that's it and I really need to start
looking into it because I feel like I'm
working myself we're all sometimes like
last night I took a nap because I was
tired and I woke up 18 hours later and
then sometimes when I do go to sleep I
get like 5 or less hours of sleep
because I wake up and can't go back to
sleep cuz I'm thinking about the work I
have to do in the day odhh run freely
asks what do you think of The Last of Us
- will you be playing it fuck yes I love
The Last of Us I love the DLC what is it
called left behind left behind is that
like a slipknot song I know that's it
anyway that was a fucking amazing game
and yes I will be playing the second one
I feel like the first one was really
unfinished and they left the story like
wide open for a sequel so I'm really
excited that they're actually doing that
Sheri Wallace 1 2 3 asks what does LMT
stand for I see Robert on call you that
a lot
latex mistress Tara Kim small and asks
who's your favorite video game character
of all time do you really have to ask
that it's fuckin Shao Khan obvious
Timothy d23 asks good pick-up lines
isn't that an oxymoron CD salties says
man I would let her stick it inside me
but I like those titties girl i'mma come
into your butt you sexy beasts my answer
to that would be no kitten janae asks
how did you and Jay start your modeling
career I mean profiles and model mayhem
in one model place and I went out and
looked for photographers whose work I
really liked and then worked with them
to build up my portfolio then I would
spend some time a day answering business
emails enquiries on model mayhem in
other places and promoting myself to
different publications photographers job
just going to casting calls and it just
kind of took off from there and I was
pretty quickly able to live off of it it
was really cool I was going to different
places I was traveling all over the US
but at the same time I fucking hate
traveling so as much as that sounds
great to you it was kind of hell to me
and then I would take like three fucking
jobs a day and overwork my ass oh I am
so glad I'm doing what I'm doing now I
loved modeling don't get me wrong it's a
great creative and sexual outlet but the
people you have to meet the traveling
you have to do it's just not my thing
and I didn't have enough time for World
of Warcraft which is like all I wanted
to do at that point in my life
Branden Dawson 1998 asks have you ever
gone into depression and if so who
slashed what helps you get through it my
entire life has been a bunch of ups and
downs but I've never had incredibly low
downs like at the point especially when
I was a teenager there were times when I
felt like my down was like an
irreversible terrible sadness usually
invoked by my terrible boyfriend named
Jared who treated me like shit and was
terrible and was in and out of jail I
would never say that I actually ever had
a bad life or had a really tough time or
was actually depressed
anytime I was sad though I could turn to
videogames and I could turn to my best
friends and I could even turn to my
parents which is not always something
the teenagers can say so that's pretty
cool
videogames though they make you feel so
much better whoo you can be anyone and
it brings your friends together and
gives them something to do while they're
with you you don't have to like talk
about the bullshit that you're being sad
about you can just thrust yourself into
a different game
it's amazing I owe a lot of my happiness
from my childhood to now to videogames
duh Keith Farms asks how many nuts were
busted on your face probably thousands
Simon the SIS asks have you watched Star
Wars The Force awakens if so what did
you think I thought it was okay
entertaining not amazing definitely
pander to all the fanboys I think that 4
5 & 6 are the best things ever and it
felt kind of quick and pointless and I
wasn't really invested in the characters
that much but bb-8 she is fucking
adorable
Georgie Chu asks if you could choose a
video game universe to live in which
would it be love you gorgeous love you
too Georgie oh that is fucking hard
because you're thinking about the
difference between being in a world
that's really perilous and you could
totally die but is way badass or being
in a world that's just like chill and
you want to be in it because it's fun I
would probably have to say god of war
because I know that Kratos would protect
me and I could be like his mistress that
he bangs and then I just hang out in the
hot tub forever even though there's like
apocalyptic god shit going on I would
say mortal kombat because then I just
get to be close to Shao Khan but
currently he's dead and I probably
wouldn't last very long in that universe
I do not have any of sonya blades
proficiencies
okay so Nino has a fucking ton of
questions let me look through these and
see which ones I want to answer if you
got a scholarship to go to college
what would you major in psychology and
sociology easy then are also learned
German and Japanese if we did a terror
inspired video game what's the basic
premise hot little girl with big tits
beats the shit out of everyone giant
monsters included hack and slash with
RPG elements top down some levels are
side-scrolling just so many things would
you consider being on a TV show as a
guest appearance I would never want to
be an actress but there are some shows
that I would definitely be on like some
of my favorite shows also any show that
has a guy that I want to screw yes but
I've always wanted to be on Mythbusters
I know that's kind of like what would
she do on there but I would just like to
be a part of those experiments because I
always thought those were amazing
why Vegas if you guys don't know I will
be moving to Vegas next year most likely
if I do start making like a fuck ton of
money for whatever reason I would like
to stay in Seattle the only reason I'm
moving to Vegas is because literally I
can get a fucking five bedroom house for
the same money that I'm paying for a
small two-bedroom apartment here and it
just makes sense to move there to save
money that's literally the only reason
Vegas does have its perks though I mean
there's always something to do it
if I wanted to not that I even leave my
house the fact that most of the houses
have like a pool and central a/c because
it's so fucking hot there the fact that
a lot of the conventions that I like
like the Olympia they're all they're
cozy four asks would you ever write a
book I've always wanted to write a book
but it just seems so pointless because I
feel like I can just make vlogs and it's
basically like writing a book I like
writing a lot and I feel like I
portrayed myself much better through
text but I just don't feel like today's
society as a reading society cosy floor
also asked would you ever get a pet if
so what pet would you get a lot of you
guys probably already know I've really
wanted a tarantula and iguana I really
like cats and dogs I like all kinds of
animals but I don't feel like where I
live now or the time that I have now it
would be fair to an animal and would
just probably neglect it and I don't
think my heart can handle losing an
animal I would have to get something
like a tortoise that lives longer than
me
px R is Ian asks do you plan on making a
world tour to play some magic not only
against American players no I don't plan
on ever being that good at magic I feel
like that takes time it takes dedication
I do plan on going back into magic and
like top aiding some things maybe doing
really well at a GP that's probably like
my highlight maybe getting to like be a
silver pro if I had the time that would
be really cool I love playing magic
competitively I don't really care about
magic casually I don't play ETH and
stuff like that so I would have the
ambitions to do these things but I
definitely don't have the time
dedication to do it I just plan on being
like a semi local sometimes maybe
travelling player that's competitive
Sanitary Sanchez asks favorite persona 5
character based on the most recent
trailer the blonde girl Duff zza AZ asks
are you close to Jade's family not
really we had a falling-out at one point
and now we're kind of back to being ok
I'm friends with his brother-in-law's
brother in law plays Magic with us
occasionally
I really like his aunt's a lot of his
family doesn't speak very good English
like at all but I don't know it's not
like a really close thing James Dumbo
asks will you wake up in the morning
what actually motivates you to get out
of bed breakfasts will 0 92 asks if you
had a choice between being a Jedi Master
and a Sith Lord who would you choose and
why I actually made a whole video on
this topic which I'll post down in the
description you guys should watch it
it's really interesting at that point I
didn't know what a great Jedi was but I
would probably choose a great Jedi I've
had to choose between those two
and Joel sari asks it expensive to buy
things only for streaming not really I
feel like anything that you buy only for
streaming also pertains to high-end
gaming but there are a lot of things
that I've gone out of my way to buy just
to have better production quality than
anyone else or a lot of time that I've
spent developing like certain overlays
and things that I didn't have to do and
those things sometimes cost money like a
really good webcam I'm actually gonna
start using a DSLR for my webcam which
is like unheard of in twitch so yeah I
mean I like to have the best stuff and
therefore I make it expensive but it
definitely doesn't have to be pretty
much all you have to have is a good CPU
a good GPU and good internet connections
there are some pro gamers that have like
the worst fucking setup ever and it's
pretty much just like a fuck you to
their viewers they have to watch like
this grainy video with no overlay and a
terrible mic that's like popping in your
ears and they just don't give a shit and
they still get thousands of yours so
sometimes it's not about the production
quality it's more just about who you are
as a person your gameplay your
personality so if you can't afford it
don't be deterred alright guys I hope
you enjoyed this video a thank my new
laptop which you guys have still not
named you guys should name it named him
we need to name him together thank you
for watching I love you guys so much
like the video subscribe to the channel
and I'll see you guys next month with
another QA I'm gonna try to do it
earlier in the month so there's gonna be
one in like totally two weeks and as
long as you can follow me on instagram
at Tara Babcock if you want to see more
sex scenes to go to em photos and
instagrams with my life as well as
participating in the next Cuban and my
favorite shirts pants wouldn't you guys
like me to do it yes in my video
