hey guys welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says we've got another
wonderful episode by Robert tongue but I
still think that his intros and some of
his graphics are a little bit slow so
please post in the comments if you think
that I should be punishing him and what
you think he can improve upon he's
having a fucking great time trying to be
a video editor so any tips from you guys
that would make the viewing experience
more pleasurable post in the comments I
hope you guys enjoyed this I found it
funny and I hope you guys do too
cue the footage
hey guys how you doing
I can be pleased by something that is at
least let's say five and a half inches
the average girl doesn't really care
about size as long as it's not
ridiculously huge or ridiculously small
how big is too big and that type of hole
like is a penis ever too big is it
something that can actually detract from
sex or if it's just the bigger the
better okay so let's say a penis is this
fucking long right it's like a really
long fucking penis favorite cock which
is like nine inches of fucking steel ah
that's like oh love the giant just like
hard throbbing veiny man nah obelisk
Benedict Oh about how much I love to
give blowjobs under percent money back
guarantee
I'm sorry I hurt you feelings
that's me patting him on his forehead
what the fuck
Starcraft arcade games or real games
asshole vishal fake poor idiotic youtube
commenter how does it feel taste of your
own medicine you are on I'm a master at
Teletubbies online did I tell you again
fuck you Reggie
terror aids comments dude I don't need a
timer
funny today sad I'm just out of it okay
it's not that I'm actually awful are you
trying to kill my livelihood why don't
you like watching me saving best channel
ever high-five for being so awesome and
I love you back flops wheat favorite my
dad did wish I was boys you taught me
how to play basketball
lighten up you want me to suck on your
your regular balls that sounds fucking
awesome
or I don't like the bangs I thought I
would like them but I just don't like
that something about them is just like I
don't know if you or you know what I
mean like do you like that it's so funny
look this is where my headset was
sitting on my hair now it's like
I don't know oh my god I still hate the
banks already trying to like site sweep
them a little bit in a house to do so
okay can you see me yeah so it's pretty
cool I got bangs um I hate bangs and I
hate not bangs I just got back from the
hairdresser and I thought it would be
kind of sad if I didn't show off my
little curls pretty much every day and
it's awesome great hair oh my god
I feel like I can empathize with the
idea of a girl looking at a cock that
has like a fucking ball of hair down
there that's like climbing up the shaft
and like he's like really short or
unattractive or hasn't been properly
washed and kept clean there's like ah
and remember feel free to fat by fapping
