hey guys I don't even have a video to do
today I'm just gonna do an extra one
because I finally got my nd4 filter for
my camera which means that I can up the
shit like crazy and buy up the shit I
mean create some blurring effects in the
background more efficiently and
everything is just perfect in the way I
want it now so all the settings are
exactly the way they're going to be
hopefully a really long time the the
lenses new the lens is the one I'm
keeping and now all I need to complete
everything to complete the trifecta of
everything I have the ND filter the lens
and now i'm going to get my laptop on
friday and i'm super excited about it
and none of this would be possible
without my patrons on patreon so thank
you so much today we're going to talk
about the day that I got hacked on my
origin account specifically got hacked
which is kind of silly because nobody
gives a shit about origin right origin
is like the Electronic Arts fanboy steam
you know and I fucking hate it I hate
the fact that there is anything other
than steam I like to have all of my
games that are on PC condensed onto my
steam account I have like three hundred
and fifty five or something games on
Steam and 33 fucking games on origin the
reason I'm even using using origin right
now is because i am playing unravel on
my gaming channel i'm in like 10
episodes in or something i fucking love
that game i really wish i could have it
on steam but since it's an EA published
game you can get it on Steam you get it
on fucking origin which was like oh dude
it's so fucking stupid so anyway like
three days ago I wake up and I go to my
computer the first thing I do in the
morning usually is just check my email
and I'll just scroll through it I want
to actually like click on things unless
it's like something I'm really excited
about like right now I'm working on my
own merchandise line and I was in bed
this morning I'm like oh shit the stores
up and it's not like a hundred percent
up because I made some changes but
that's neither here nor there i just
didn't want you guys looking around for
a link for merchandise when it's not yet
available to the public my patrons have
seen a little preview of it I'm really
excited but anyway so I was looking
through my email and I see this thing
about origin thank you you've reset your
password or some shit I'm like what the
fuck I have not so I go to my computer
and I log into origin and lo and behold
I can still log in right so I go into my
settings to
would change my password and I changed
my password but then I go down and I
want to make the two-step authentication
happen because any time I'm using a
password that I will ever use anywhere
else I want to make sure that it's like
safe and that no one has it and then no
one can access any of the accounts just
in case another account gets compromised
I don't want an account with like a
similar password of the same password to
get hacks because it doesn't have to
step with indication if that makes any
sense people have tried to hack my
Instagram quite a few times people have
like you know what's the thing where you
can request a new password people have
done that but they can't get through it
because you have to have my fucking
phone and my phone number in order to
get into anything that i own and that's
how I keep my shit safe because if you
guys haven't seen my scary hacker story
which i'll post in the description i'm
pretty crazy about keeping my social
networks and all my important things
like paypal and my gmail account very
secure with two step authentication
which is basically like any time you log
in you get the code on your phone and
you type it in I hope for steam too and
um so I go to set that up and what I
need to do to set that up is I need to
answer a security question the security
question is in fucking Russian like what
how why was this in Russian I don't
speak Russian I've never fucking set up
a stupid whatever number thing I've
never even done this right so like why
the fuck is that in Russian and why does
it exist and I'm like what the fuck
right now so I put in a ticket but you
can't put in a ticket until you prove
that you own the fucking account so I
decide to call or I had them call
actually and they called me and I was
like what the hell is going on with my
account why the fuck is there some
fucking Russian shit in my account and
why if there is some Russian shit on my
account do they not change the password
why did they allow me to get back in and
see that Russian shenanigans were
happening on my fucking account and he's
like oh well we can just set it to
whatever the fuck you want it to be set
to and I'm like oh cool you just trust
me that I am the person that owns the
account whatever at least thankfully i
am so I tell him what I want it to be
something about you know my school or my
family or my mom's maiden name or some
stupid shit and I add like three more
because I'm like this is fucking
ridiculous and then I set up two step
authentication which is going to be
really annoying because i only play
unravel like once a week for the videos
I've already finished it on on my own
time so it's not something that I'm
hurrying to play so I'm not playing it
day and it's not a huge game so it's not
gonna be something that I'm logging into
all the time but when I do have to log
into it once a week I'm gonna have to
use this fucking phone two-step
authentication which is really annoying
and so I asked the guy is there any
reason like why this would be happening
to me is there like what could like
possibly have happened is there like
some kind of like site-wide compromise
or anything that I've done and he said
no it's usually people who play
first-person shooters or shooter games
and the people hacking in order to like
reset your fucking kdr right and I'm
like what why would anyone want to like
log in and reset my kdr first of all i
have is titanfall and battlefield 4 on
my account right so other than unravel
and rayman legends which is now i have
no idea where the fuck it went or
whatever um i haven't checked him i
should probably check on that why is
there only three games on my account
anyway so um wait is rayman legends on
that Warner's it on the other one I know
there's like there's one more like game
portal thing that I don't know whatever
so um I go and because I was curious
about the shooter thing I go and I check
my battlefield 4 and my battlefield 4 lo
and behold has been played a couple
hours in the last 24 hours so some guy
fucking logged on to play battlefield 4
on my fucking account and I'm like dude
really and then I go to my friends
section and I don't have a following at
all on this fucking account i don't i
only use it to play i don't use it to
like talk to people or add people and i
have two friend requests and one friend
and this fucking friend is obviously
russian so clearly this fucking asshole
friended himself and then friended some
other of his other friends and wanted to
play on like a fresh battlefield 4
account or something and so yeah that's
the story of me waking up last week and
being hacked on origin and the
ridiculous nature of it I don't know if
that was interesting or not I just
really wanted to try out actually making
a video with my lens set up all
perfectly and everything looks so
awesome there's so much less post I'm
going to have to do now because the
color is fucking vibrant and everything
is wonderful and I've got a wonderful
boat cat going on in the background
which means the depth of field where I
am super like perfect and then back
there is super blurry well not super
blurry so I wanted you guys to tell
still be able to tell that i have
Nintendo plushies and the SUBSCRIBE
pillow and stuff but I'm just excited
about it production quality is so
amazing I know you guys know this about
me already but just like improving
things makes me so fucking happy
streamlining everything and just making
things better for you guys wow thank you
so much for making this possible
obviously nobody would find my patreon
if I didn't have subscribers and people
watching my videos and people enjoying
my videos so even if you're not on
patreon I owe a lot of this to you and I
fucking love you so much I will see you
in the next video I hope you enjoyed
this and I hope I can make such a boring
occurrence kind of interesting with my
awesome personality I'll see you guys
soon I fucking love you what bike
