how are you beautiful fucking people I
love you so much so much it's violent
and it fucking hurts
welcome to a new episode of Friday night
mail we're doing this a once a week and
we have a lot of stuff this week which
is making me not regret my decision to
make this every single week let's go
ahead and get started I'm super excited
to unbox a lot of these packages I know
what a few of them are others in this
pile I have no idea and the fucking
excitement is killing me you guys are
fucking amazing if anyone tries to tell
you differently I will personally
teleport in like a fucking fairy tiny
little fairy thing and I'll pop up like
into a giant thing just like punch them
in the face like these like gigantic
forearms like Popeye forearms with like
this fist just barrels through their
face and just like wrecks them so if
anyone tells you you are not fucking
amazing tell them they have to deal with
me ferry to giant Popeye dude thing in
other words you guys are fucking amazing
and I hope you feel as amazing as I know
you are and I hope you have an amazing
day and I hope this brightens up your
day cuz I am here to bring you some
fucking cheer and joy and fucking ass
raping let's do this if first thing we
have and it says on the back thank you
for writing on the back so I don't have
to worry about showing your address this
is from the new guy one of my favorite
people in the entire world and I feel
like this is gonna be helpful in my
videos and we've got a lovely envelope
oh it's sealed I know what this calls
for the letter opener that Rey got me I
love you ray you are so fucking awesome
hey Tara I think this box cutter will
fit you better than the first one I've
sent you even though the pain is letting
go I still think this will serve you
better also I wanted to know if you have
read the fanfiction I've written yet no
we're not yet I got like a third of the
way through and then had to go do stuff
I'm sorry I'll finish it today I'd like
to hear what you think of it and is
there anything I can do for you I feel
like I don't give back enough you came
back way fucking more than I deserved
thank you so much and I had a lot of fun
playing fucking fantasy tales online
with you even though your fucking
computer was shitty I know a lot of men
are shit at drawing and you're not much
different but really appreciate this and
your photo shops are fucking amazing I
haven't seen one in a while you
do more for me I love you baby can't
wait to see this box cutter ah he
painted it pink I knew he was gonna do
this but I didn't know how amazing of it
look thank you so much - new guy this is
like the best thing ever because now I
can safely open boxes and it matches
like half of my wardrobe this is the
next package we have and it comes from
Wayne oh I'm so excited
I fucking love wait what are they gonna
send me this time Mythbusters collection
three Dragon Ball Z resurrection F and
Death Note the complete series hell yes
oh my God thank you so much I'm
extremely excited this is fucking
awesome Shonen Jump Death Note the
complete series Light Yagami is a genius
high school student who's about to learn
about life through the book of death I
haven't watched any anime in a while and
I'm really excited too because as much
as I love reading manga I kind of like
watching it better I know I apologize
for being such a visual creature this is
amazing thank you so much Wayne you are
the fucking best I'll try to do some
afternoon streams this weekend for you
this has made my day so much better
already
next package we have something from a
job let's see what it is
ooh what is this oh it's like a mess
hell yeah let's put it on oh yeah dude
it doesn't say you said this to me but
thank you so fucking much I feel like
such about us now and now I can breathe
easier
I am Melina after cut in half edenian
mmm actually a little hot for that but
I'll blare it around my neck as a scarf
right now thank you so much this is
awesome
I love masks I have like a pretty hefty
collection now next we had this from
Joseph Michaels he creates content on
YouTube as well and he is a good friend
of mine so I appreciate you sending me
whatever this is let's see what it is
we've got a piece of cardboard it's just
kidding a shirt thank you so much this
is awesome and we've got all for your
own civil war nah oh my god I've always
wanted like an adult coloring book this
is so fucking cool
oh you officially just put my manga
series on hold though thank you so much
Joseph you're a fuckin badass especially
because you sent me more cardboard and
then we've got popped in America number
one road to war oh this is so fucking
awesome I don't have any fucking comic
books the last comic books I collected
are still at my parents house in their
light Simpsons calm
books and stuff I've never been a
collector of comic books but this makes
me want to start I want to get a bunch
and put them in like frames all over my
new house how fucking awesome would that
be
thank you so much Joseph this is awesome
every single parcel you send me is like
Christmas and last but not least we have
Civil War a Marvel Comics event
well this is like a really fucking
beautifully drawn I love this shading on
this this is like amazing look how
fucking amazing this is Joseph's links
will be down in the description so you
should definitely check him out he's a
really good friend of mine and he's
super fucking cool as you can tell
thank you next package a hair on my hand
get off miss hairs going on Zee head and
not on the pubic region holy shit you
tell me you're gonna give me a fucking
strap-on thank you so much oh my god
guys it's from grants yeah fully
adjustable harness easy strap removal
vibrating dong and plug power packed
with three speeds of vibration now I
need a girl or a guy who would like to
get peg to try this out with me any
takers oh my god ah this is awesome this
is like the coolest fucking strap-on
I've ever seen in my entire life and
it's got the remote so you can turn up
and down the vibration and it's hot pink
thank you so much grant this is fucking
sick in a damn good way I hope you use
my Adam and Eve discount remember guys
use the code Tara at Adam Nev calm if
you want to receive 50% off almost any
one item and free shipping in the US and
if you want to buy me sex toys I am
totally down with that I'm naming this
one the grants Thank You Grant's last
soft package we have holy shit this is
my package for mark
oh dude a bunch of knives and shit dude
catalogs let's take a look at some of
these knives that he got me oh my God
look at this knife I fucking love it
dude thank you so much mark what the
fuck oh that's one and the next one is
this little like black one oh this is
like a box cutter awesome dude this is
like the box cutter for on-the-go okay
you press this down to like pull it out
how do you close it all right there okay
every new knife have to figure out how
to close it and how to open it I want a
nice that like opens by pressing a
button like change
and then I could be like what bitch two
down and two to go like if I'm in a
rainbow unicorn world this is the
perfect camouflage
it says hashtag sexy on the fucking
blade hashtag fuck yes oh my god and
last but not least we've got another box
cutter I'm never going to run out of box
cutters or lose a box cutter and be
without a box cutter ever again
thank you so much Marc this is extremely
helpful I'm gonna have like a knife in
every room of my house and one that I
carry on me just in case I need it what
are you saying with the catalog though
are you gonna get me a crossbow whoa
fantasy master short sword I definitely
agree with you're not spoiling the
surprise next box we have a plane it
comes from Australia from Nats let's get
it open I'm excited oh my god oh my god
haha this is my diploma for yarn enos
dude thank you so much this is so
fucking amazing let's see what you wrote
absolutely rose extra yarn free Arnie hi
Terry I've been watching both of your
channels for a while now I wanted to
show my appreciation so I made you this
sorry it's not perfect it was my first
attempt at doll making it is fucking
perfect the frame is made of wire so he
is poseable but the yarn can come undone
if you're not careful I will be fucking
careful I look forward to your videos
every day keep up the great work
love nay OTT s thank you so much this is
the best he's so adorable I'm gonna like
cook this yarn on his hand cuz he always
has the extra yarn this is amazing thank
you so fucking much oh my god I'm so
glad this came before the last episode
of my unravel let's play like so much
Nick yeah like this is gonna stay with
my collection of video game stuff
forever this is way better than
something you can buy thank you
seriously
next we have this Amazon Prime box
that's telling me that there's a lithium
metal battery in there and I should be
careful so let's be careful in a very
savage way oh my god this is all
here's a letter at the bottom from
Daniel 8 she's so cute - the blonde wig
just like me
not that mine's a wig now ok can I fit
it to these I can fit into my teddy
bears fucking glasses that's not weird
alright Daniel's letter says dear Tara
Babcock this is Tara misty bear cock she
likes to go by her middle name misty
she's a gaming bear who will spend hours
playing any kind of video game classic
next-gen or computer misty always goes
out wearing her aviator glasses and
keeps her eyes from turning red with her
gunner computer glasses the black frame
glasses oh thank you so much Daniel
you're amazing and there's a part here
that says do not read out loud it's none
of your fucking business
Oh little pockets she's so cute look at
her little tail look at it you have two
aviators and you got the fucking Gunners
this is the best but I'm dying it or why
it's probably emotions that I've never
felt before oh this is so fucking
thoughtful it even says bad on the
buttons and I know it's supposed to be
build-a-bear but I think it's Babcock
one last thing to make her perfect oh
yeah thank you so much to him this is
really sweet words cannot describe how
sweet this is you are 100% awesome
what another package from Joseph
Michaels Joseph you've already given me
Christmas this is like the heaviest
package ever also why are you so amazing
to me that's what I want to know
dear Tara the force has always been
strong with us both it is what binds us
together not just as best friends for
life but his family as well I love you
Tara may the force be with you always
enjoy your surprises hope the shirt fits
you love Joseph oh my God look at this
look at it it's like so heavy - it's a
red movie 8 and they're diecast in
collaboration with Lucasfilm Disney
Store is proud to introduce a Star Wars
Elite Series of premium line of diecast
action figures featuring iconic
characters from the expansive world of
Star Wars thank you what the fuck
it's got like all of her weapons and the
little backpack and bb-8 looks so
high-quality
this is amazing we've got the force
awakens blu-ray
there's deleted scenes revealed on this
we're just gonna be sick no way captain
fucking sucks oh how did you know I love
Captain Rex this is the best thing
fucking ever dude my favorite part of
the Star Wars universe is fucking Clone
Wars by far oh my god
Rex has always been my favorite thank
you so much Star Wars before the
awakening which is a book oh my god
before they banded together to battle
the evil first order rape oh and Finn
lead very different lives this is
fucking crazy Star Wars The Force
awakens the book a long time ago in a
galaxy far far away dot dot and that's
literally all you get in the back in the
book that's amazing so bumpy and pretty
and matte oh this is the best care
package ever thank you so much Joseph
what the hell
Star Wars Skywalker strikes more epic
comic-book action Captain America Marvel
Knights this could not get any fucking
better
Captain America gets the critically
acclaimed Marvel Knights treatments aah
Oh cap you are so sexy no Thank You
Joseph Thank You Joseph back a Darth
Vader comic book and a shattered Empire
comic book the original Dark Lord thus
it stars in his first ongoing series
excited this series is worthy of Darth
Vader's greatness I don't know about
that we have a shirt for Jay extra large
and it says wanted criminal wanted dead
or alive issued by the Galactic Empire
is this for me yes for Tara whoo the
kylo Ren to kylo Ren shirts oh he's so
cute so large isn't gonna fit me but I
can definitely cut it up into a tank top
or I can make it into like a dress oh
this is awesome
I think the force is stronger with you
than me love you Joseph from the bottom
of my heart these packages have been
amazing thank you second-to-last package
we've got something that feels empty as
fuck hi Tara I hope you enjoy your gifts
as I've sent you your reproductive chart
as well also please please please leave
contact me on my email from Jack sure
jack thank you so much let's see what we
got I think achoo look at his little
fucking tail
pika Pikachu pika chest oh thank you
jack
last but not least we've got a package
from Sean black one of my favorite
people who always sends me as the most
amazing gift let's see what hey cut this
side I am not worthy Sean you really
need to stop sending me things
aah oh my god oh my god oh my god
literally everyone in the world has sent
me with the craziest fucking box cutters
I'm gonna use a different one each video
this is amazing
next thing we have is oh this Pikachu
backpack
oh this is like perfect for magic thank
you so much I love it let's fucking put
it on because we are badasses that's
right we've also got extra blades for my
box cutter I am never running out of box
cutters now watch me find the other one
that I lost - so - from the new guy -
from mark 1 from Sean and then extra
fucking blades from Sean and last but
not least we have a fucking Dragon Ball
Z shoes haha this is awesome as you guys
know piccolo favorite character on
Dragon Ball Z Quillin guy with the least
nose on Dragon Ball Z this is so fucking
awesome
thank you I need to make a video making
these shirts into like really sexy tops
you're amazing Sean thank you so much
let's show off the backpack shall we hit
Cal let's put the Pikachu in the Pikachu
backpack all right guys that's it for
this week's Friday night mail I really
appreciate everything you guys do for me
I cherish every single gift and it's
makes my Friday's the best day of the
fucking week you guys are just so
amazing to see everything you guys send
me the letters the gifts you really
don't have to but the fact that you do
and the fact that you guys care about me
as much as I care about you just it
warms my heart as much as I have a
hearts
that's not blackened and dead it's
amazing you guys are revitalizing my
hope in humanity
I just appreciate you guys so fucking
much thank you the wonderful amazing
thoughtful just perfect fucking gifts
you guys know me so well you know me
better than anyone else and you guys
give you gifts like a fucking boss thank
you everyone I really appreciate it and
I'll see you guys next week with a
Friday night mail love you so much what
bye guys shit guys there's one more dude
I was cleaning up and I found it Jenny I
can't believe I almost forgot Jenny's
gift he is so much cuter in person oh my
god the little baby Deadpool oh this is
actually Funko grand I can't believe I
almost missed one of the best fucking
ones thank you so much Jenny he's
perfect so glad I didn't miss this what
