this is what happens when I watch beauty
videos hey guys welcome to this week's
episode of Tara Reid's comments I was
saving the comments this morning and I
think we're gonna have a lot of fun with
this one so instead of doing anything
other than reading comments let's just
go ahead and read some comments it is
unbelievable that so many betas give
this whore money
betas 1 betas sisters what's really
unbelievable is how many adults still
don't know how to portray plural portray
plurals that's pretty hard to say model
my ass literally no one would pay you to
model your ass unlike me who made a
living factually modeling my ass and
other assets like literally how does
anyone even try to refute that
it's almost as stupid as trying to
refute my gamer cred did I take modeling
jobs did I make my soul living off of it
why yes I did what does that make me a
model here's a nice one this girl seems
cool being open and none judgmental
about the weird and wonderful life of
sex fetishes and so forth is how most
people should be I wholeheartedly agree
one two thumbs up this girl is a ho who
wants to have this ho as a girlfriend
slash wife or mother to your children
oh I'm so hurt because alas I cannot
fulfill my defining purpose as a woman
to be someone's girlfriend or mother
good thing I never want to be any of
those also please learn how to spell
though better yet just use the entire
word it is whore if you didn't know 69
dislikes
every time I don't have 69 dislikes I'm
a little bit disappointed that's what
I'm shooting for so erotic roses are red
violets are blue
palms are hard nice tits thanks Benjamin
sorry Tara but anything above 9 inches
is very big for me literally I don't
think there's anyone in the world who
feels like 9 inches is not very big
better yet anything above 9 inches why
are you sorry as if I said something
like I can't be friends with a girl that
thinks that 9 inches is big that shit is
tiny I can take 30 inches try me boner
town population 1 4 people thumb stood
up and there's 2 and 3 does that mean
the population is 7
honestly boner town sounds like a good
place to live I'm not gonna lie BRR so
the other day I was fucking this guy's
ass right then I decided to be courteous
and give him a reach-around tha already
had a boner and I'm your fucking gay
brah whoa thank you for your
unintelligent
trol story sorry nothing goes near my
ass if you gonna peg someone you should
pay grubber tongue I can't disagree on
that last part
for every tongue ever comes to the US
consider him pegged he would surely like
it damn girl you can do that to me
I am 100% not gay but I like the feeling
of a finger in my ass and my own cut of
my mouth but I would prefer it if I came
in a woman's pussy or mouth first and
then she slowly let it drip into my
mouth
the reason I'm reading this is because
you sound like my kind of guy hit me I'm
Gary with an IE
I think spelling Gary with an IE instead
of a why automatically makes you at
least 2% game hey let's endeavour upon
this Oh would you look at that another
say in space space but this one appears
to be female interesting battle sands
well no point in letting a good fight go
to waste after all she doesn't look like
much of a challenge
shows intrigue a zero of course now it
makes perfect sense normal stance she
seems to have the same energy as Goku
chuckles then perhaps we shall save you
for last after all I have much bigger
fish to fry
raise his hand in space face of
receiving position just hand over the
Dragon Balls and I'll be on my way
or if you prefer you could just do it
the hard way bro I'm all for
role-playing but what the fuck hashtag
but stuff look at her name Nancy cause a
reso ba Q thick interesting name can't
wait for a tities unboxing tighty
whities I too do not mind men and tighty
whities hey can I examine your tits
hehe results are in they are plush and
round it's all good thank you doctor hey
nobody remembers Fred anymore like two
of that guys videos were funny fun fact
he also used to be the number one
subscribed youtuber and he has since
sold his channel and you guys say you
never learned anything in my videos all
you're good for is porn you whore JK I
love you PM me nudes the words straight
to my heart okay so this next comment
I'm gonna showcase only because I've
never showcased it in a video like this
before because I get them fucking daily
let's just go ahead and go over how
fucking retarded they are well
absolutely generic by the way Tara um
I'm not sure if you're aware but whoever
did your boob job will they made your
nipples uneven your left ones it's
noticeably higher than the right one and
it's kind of funny actually
but who cares right y'all just another
bleached blonde with fake boobs cashing
in on the stupidity of the male
prepubescent and teen population gamer
null Yeah right fake gamer who gets her
scripts written for her by lovestruck
morons no did you add enough lols
nobody writes my scripts but feel free
to think that my nipples are perfectly
even don't know where you're getting
this information also what does that
have to do with my content or me being a
gamer prepubescent males don't think
about sex they think about toys I am
anything but generic this is the kind of
guy that watches one of my videos one of
my videos looks at the way that I look
doesn't listen to a word I fucking say
or a dozen loves it and then blames my
awesomeness on someone else writing my
script
posts a really long comment during which
she could have instead gone and done
something productive jerked off or
watched more of my content to see that
he actually probably would like me why
do people post things like this it's
like the most stereotypical thing in the
world there's nothing more generic than
an angry guy posting something like that
the three key things focus mostly on my
looks call me a fake gamer with no proof
and then chalk up everything that is
awesome about me my gamer knowledge my
charisma my sense of humor to someone
else
floppy blowjobs are fucking gross if you
stopped cutting the dicks of baby boys
over there you wouldn't need the
particularly unsightly form of lubricant
took me like a minute to realize that he
was talking about circumcision I was
like who's cutting little boys dicks but
uh sloppy blowjobs are hot and I love
giving them oh my god we got another one
of these I love these so much good job
with the subtitles highlighting all the
funny quotes guess my previous comments
inspired you here's some quotes you
didn't highlight love you Tara keep up
the great work Hart love you too baby
girl fire in yo butt via to yo dick we
don't want to fuck that asshole that's
the shit that fucks me no shit
motherfuck or no shit motherfuck it's a
which there's no inflection in text he
can like fucking fuck me fucking fuck
cocksuckers I can kludge on him and
reckon what the fucking fuck atiba and
if you guys want to watch the video that
those quotes are on it is on my most
recent Dark Souls video I'll post the
link in the description I would really
appreciate a subscribe on my gaming
channel as well youtube.com slash -
about cock games I put a lot of work
last night editing on stream for like
two and a half hours into this video and
I'd love to see what you guys think
about the sub
thank you wha-ha-ha this girl probably
hosts webcams to make some money what is
Lux you women wonder why it's so damn
hard to respect women this is part of
the reason you flaunt your shit around
and call us pers for checking out what
you present suck you all this is clearly
some deep-seated hate for people that
aren't me because I have nothing to do
with cams and I don't call you a perm
for looking at the things that I'm
clearly showing off here because it's
more comfortable and sexier to do so to
me I know that this exists I know that I
am doing this I hope you enjoyed as much
as I do if it detracts from my content
for you the door is this way but if you
enjoy tits and quality content subscribe
is that way love you either way wow that
was actually the last comment what a
perfect comment to end on it's really
hot in here and I just went tanning so
it's like so fucking hot and I'm
weighing too much makeup I love you guys
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel have a wonderful fucking day
and keep posting comments in the
comments section because even though I
like to highlight the idiots and the
really really nice comments I really
enjoy the comments that helped me out
with a video game help me out with
whatever issues I might be having or
gives me your perspective on a
philosophical topic I love them all
thank you so much for contributing to my
content by posting in the comments
section I love you and I will see you in
two weeks with another Tara Reid's
comments bye guys
