hey guys welcome to a new story time
video today I'm going to tell you about
my eye exam that i went to today and i
promise you is not going to be as boring
as it sounds like it's going to be so
yeah just listen so as you guys know i
have really red eyes in every single one
of my videos and i always attributed it
to the fact that i work too hard and
stared fucking bright lights all day i
actually set up my other two lights now
so i have three lights on me again and i
apologize if my new lens keeps fucking
autofocusing i'm going to fix that soon
so yeah but anyway so today i was
walking to the gym with jay and i walked
past this fucking I place and I saw that
it was like the same thing in the back
it said like I exam right and I was
thinking okay so I talked to people
about getting an eye exam just to make
sure everything was fine and everything
is okay and I'm not having some kind of
serious problem with my eyes that might
have stemmed from the circle lenses that
I used to wear about six months ago
because that's when it started happening
and if you guys remember about six
months ago I got a terrible case of
pinkeye and I actually put a couple
pictures up on my Instagram of it it was
not pretty and I was very sick at the
time and it just kind of progressed into
something that became pink eye as well
and I read about it and they didn't
necessarily have to be the circle lenses
that gave me the pink eye it could have
just been the fact that I was sick and
then it kind of escalated from there or
I was sick and I got something in my eye
and I was like more sensitive to it but
after that I went to the doctor and I
got this like gel that I had to put in
my eyes and it got better but I never
really got like those crystal clear
white eyes that a lot of people have and
so I was thinking I work really hard but
I'm sure there's a lot of youtubers that
also work equally as hard and you know
maybe they don't play as many games as I
do but they sit in front of a camera
just as much as I do in the edit videos
just as much as I do so why do they have
these like crystal fucking eyes when
they're doing their makeup videos and
i'm sitting here with fucking bloodshot
eyes that progressively get worse over
the day so I exam make sense I've never
worn glasses I've never worn
prescription contacts and my Gunners are
not prescription and they helped a
little bit I where Gunners if you guys
don't know what that is it's like those
those yellow tinted glasses that are
marketed toward gamers and gamers wear
them when they like play games for a
long period of time and what's funny
Gunners is a lot of people go like
Gunners for loll or Gunners for dark
souls or Gunners for binding of isaac
and they're only parroting that because
the people who they chose to sponsor
gunners were like FPS players so they
think for some reason that only FPS
players can benefit from a pair of
Gunners which is like ridiculous but I
am usually very skeptical and I don't
think that things work but I can attest
to at least feeling that I have some
kind of placebo effect when I put them
on because I can literally put them on
and then I feel like my eyesight is just
better and it makes J dizzy to wear them
he doesn't like to wear them because
they make him dizzy so that must mean
that whatever is focusing my eyes and
making my eyes feel better is actually
affecting J in some way because he's
getting dizzy from it but anyway I am
NOT sponsored by Gunners by the way so
um I decided to go in and talk to the
eye doctor and the eye doctor was like
oh you're here for your appointment and
I'm like no and he was this like asian
dude this youngish asian dude he was the
doctor and he was like super like
nervous at first like he had like
slurring his words and like stuttering a
little bit and like saying weird things
and kind of looking I don't know if you
guys have ever experienced this but
people who are like shy around you or
people who are just like have anxiety in
general they kind of like have a hard
time keeping eye contact with you so
they're like you know like like this or
something I don't even know how to do it
but um I was like oh no I was just
coming in to see if I could come in for
a walk in and he's like generally no but
it's you know 5 45 in this chick who I
was actually for 45 or something and the
chick who signed up for an appointment
today she didn't show up so sure I'll
take you in so I feel the stuff out I
tell them that my insurance probably
isn't going to cover except really shit
insurance and he takes me back into the
room and he does a like first he does
this like preliminary I test where I
look into I'd stick my chin on the thing
and I've never had an eye exam before
because I've never felt the need to
because you know other than like the
thing that they used to do at elementary
school where like they would take a
bunch of kids out of class and then take
them down and just like examine their
eyes and examine their backs for
scoliosis and stuff and then like send
them back to class and I would say oh
your eyes with this and this and you go
like go to that it did it you know like
that kind of thing I've never had like
an actual with a bunch of like equipment
I exam you know so he puts me on this
thing with my chin in my head to the
thing and he like shines bright lights
into my eyes using this thing and then I
move
over to the next equipment and the
equipment blows like fucking like an air
puff into my eyes and I'm like oh and
he's like up we gotta blink we're gonna
have to do it again and I'm like what
are you fucking expect when you're like
blowing fucking air into my god am I do
you expect me to be a fucking robot in
like oh that feels fucking good so by
then my eyes are already fucking
watering and I go into the actual place
where the the checking of the eyes is
going to happen and I sit down on the
chair and he just like pulls my eyes
back and he's like shining a bright
light into my eyes and it's the craziest
fucking thing if you've ever had this
done to you it actually allows you to
see like blood vessels in your eye
through your own vision because
something about the cornea being behind
the eyeball and it's like he said it he
said it was like shining like a light
through your hand and being able to see
all the blood and the blood vessels and
stuff and it was like the most insane
trippy thing I'm like how are you making
me see an image of a bunch of fucking
veins in my eye that's crazy it was a
really cool experience and i wish i was
high for it which i don't smoke weed if
you watch my other video you'll know why
I'm that's also another video kind of
refuting the reasoning behind everyone
thinking that I have red eyes which is
the fact that I smoke a lot of pot which
isn't the case at all I have never done
a video hi actually I have done one
stream drunk but I've never done a video
hire drunk which would actually be kind
of fun if you know I liked smoking pot
and alcohol wasn't calories basically so
anyway he's doing all these tests to me
and he's keeping completely silent the
entire time like I was expecting him to
after each test tell me well that looks
good or well that looks bad but he
wasn't saying anything right so he does
the next test and the next test is like
just shining more lights and he had to
flip my top eyelids up right and then
like hold them up with like this q-tip
looking thing and like he was like
poking at them and stuff and I was like
okay that doesn't really feel great but
whatever a lot of people get my
elementary school when I was younger he
used to flip their eyelids up to freak
me out or whatever and I would never do
it cuz it feels so gross you know like
I'm like ah so I'm like not enjoying
that part and he did a couple other
things that was just very similar to
that and then I'm just sitting there
waiting he's like writing on the paper
writing and then he goes you're not
gonna like what I have to tell you I'm
like what do I have AIDS what is going
on like what's gonna happen to me I
might fucking gonna go blind eye and I
don't understand why he would fucking
introduce it like that when literally
all he had to say well it's actually
kind of gross so bear with me but this
is like I actually do have something
wrong with my eyes apparently which I'm
actually kind of happy to hear because
now I actually know and I'm going to fix
it so he says that I am having an
extreme allergic reaction in my eyes
that he thinks is from my foundation and
the reason he thinks it's from my
foundation is because underneath the top
eyelid on the eyelid I have a bunch of
bumps that are caused from like it's
like I don't know calcium deposit type
bumps or something that are caused by
the allergic reaction and on top of
those bumps is like crusted foundation
and I'm like what first of all I don't
even get like foundation or concealer or
anything really close to my eyes I like
I let go like here and why are you why
is it not like eyelash glue or false
eyelash pieces or mascara or you know
eyeliner I don't really use a shadow
that much but I'm starting to now why
can't it be any of those things that I
actually put like directly on my eye
like what why would it be foundation and
so he's telling me like a bunch of
things that to me don't make any sense
like he said that the the stuff on the
bumps was pink but you know obviously
I'm a more like yellow darker tone
person so I'm wearing this like tan
colored fucking foundation so why would
it be pink and at this time I was like
completely makeup list so maybe he
didn't know that and he was just
assuming that my makeup had a pink
undertone because you know my untanned
face does or something I don't know but
I'm I also apparently have like this
thing underneath here he like pushed on
it and apparently there's like an extra
pink like bumpiness to it because it's
inflamed and he says it's about five
times the size it's supposed to be so
apparently for the last fucking six
months I've been like walking around
with fucking disease ridden eyes well
obviously not disease or than they don't
even have bacteria in them he says he
says it's an allergic reaction and he
gay
me this little pink bottle of
prednisolone which is a steroid that I
have to put my I six fucking times a day
like bite oh I'm sorry please don't fuck
up my shit every time I bump this
there's a chance that I might actually
just like fuck the shit out of my mic
sound so if the rest of the video sucks
I'm very very sorry or if it sucked
before and now it's better good but
anyway so I have to put steroids in my
eyes six fucking times a day by the time
I'm done with this video by the time I'm
done with these videos and before I even
edit I have to go fucking put more
steroids in my eyes which he told me it
would be fine and I wouldn't have any of
the the mail you know masculine side
effects to steroids as long as I don't
drink it but then when I put it in my
eyes I have this like nasty disgusting
fucking taste in the back of my mouth
which I guess because all this stuff is
like all the canals are like you know
together that that makes sense but it
also sucks because i feel like i have a
sore throat all the time because i have
this like chemical taste in the back of
my mouth so that's what I have to deal
with for the next two weeks then I'm
going to go back to see him that another
two weeks then I'm going to go back to
see him and he said that it might take
up to as long as it's been to get back
to normal so now you guys know I have
red eyes all the time and yeah that's
what happened to me today pretty stupid
very sad about it I'm glad that I
finally know and I'm glad that there's
going to be no lasting damage so
basically what he was saying what was
happening so I was like wondering why
the longer I edit videos are the longer
I stream or the longer i play video
games or the longer I do things on the
computer like answer emails and shit the
like worse my eyes would get right and
so I was wearing the Gunners I would
have to at some point put the Gunners on
to make myself feel just a little bit
better but it was still sometimes to
bearable if you guys watch my livestream
twitch TV / tara babcock i am often like
oh my god my eyes then i have to go put
eye drops and I'm like aw hurt so much
and if you guys didn't know when you're
working on a computer screen it's not
just the like backlight on the computer
that makes you get you know get
eyestrain from it it's actually the fact
that you don't blink very much while
you're looking at a computer screen you
don't blink nearly as much as if you're
not looking at a computer screen so your
eyes can dry out and what he said was my
eyes were drying out the normal eye
strain was happening for me working on a
computer and
these bumps under my eyelid were just
scraping over my dry eyes and that's why
I would have liked continually worse and
worse effects and then I would go to
sleep and wake up and feel a little bit
better and this was why when I take a
week off from like working and basically
I'm only on the couch playing video
games and like not doing anything else
with the computers or anything I would
still have the red eyes and I never had
like the perfect pearly white eyes with
the blue irises and everything being
wonderful like I used to so yeah very
interesting analysis that I've got so
hopefully these steroids work he said
that they might not I might have to get
stronger ceroid switch I'm hoping is not
the case but yeah thanks for watching
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel and hope this story time
wasn't as boring as it sounds we're
going to the optometrist like that
doesn't sound very good but uh yeah I
love you guys so fucking much you guys
are my world and i will see you on the
next video no I'm going to go unbox my
boxes for friday night mail which you're
going to have already seen so this is
box ception by
