hey guys let me move that a little bit
closer today we're going to talk about
prostate stimulation I'm excited about
this topic because I have a lot of
opinions on this topic and I think it's
very important for people to hear my
side of things often because it's more
liberal and like do whatever the fuck
you want and be confident in your
choices and enjoy your fucking life type
of thing right I've talked about this
before in a sex ed series so in a more
like serious setting without my opinion
involved and I'll post that down in my
description if you want to watch the
actual formal video it was more about
just like anal in general but I do touch
on the topic of like male masturbation
with prostate stimulation and like gay
sex with prostate stimulation and the
truth is I am actually knowing a lot
more men these days that actually do
this on themselves or have their
girlfriend peg them and something I've
always like kind of joked but I'm really
being honest about it that I've wanted
to do in my life is a pega man and I
still haven't done it
Jay is not into that kind of thing and I
feel like it's kind of sad and
detrimental to a free and happy sex life
if you won't try something at least once
as long as it doesn't leave any actual
scarring but I think a lot of people
feel like if you ever stimulate your
prostate or if anyone ever found out
that you did something like that that
that would make you automatically gay
which is clearly not the case and even
if it was the case like why are you
being so you know for lack of a better
word homophobic like why I know that you
have to live if you are like different
from anyone in society and that
difference has some kind of negative
connotation I know you have to live with
the ridicule that comes with that but
wouldn't you rather be yourself and
wouldn't you rather live life to the
fullest and experience everything that
you should be experiencing rather than
living in fear of what other people
think of you I mean the prostate
naturally and in itself is a huge
erogenous zone for men men fucking feel
great when they stimulate their prostate
just like a finger or something really
short and just like rubbing on that area
it's kind of like a bumpy nodule like
rubbing on that area just feels
extremely pleasurable for men it's like
the man's g-spot basically and it
happens to be like in the inside of you
know your rectum just a little bit you
know
and I think it sucks that people won't
try things just because of some stigma
that society puts on you know people who
do such a thing you know and it
definitely doesn't make you gay so if
anyone's wondering like oh I wanted to
do that and I tried it once am I now gay
obviously fucking not please have a
little bit of sense if you are attracted
to what society views as feminine or
people who identify as female than you
are not gay you know or you're bisexual
and there's nothing wrong with that
either I feel like I was talking to a
friend recently and he was telling me
about how he is a little bit attracted
to one of his male friends and how he
feels uncomfortable about that and
honestly like that happens with women
too and you know what happens when it
happens to women women experiment with
it
they call themselves bisexual they go
through a bisexual phase or they're
bicurious and they just enjoy it and
they enjoy that part of their sexuality
I think it's very natural to be
interested in the same sex or the
opposite sex and to like even if that's
not what your sexual orientation
dictates or what you know in your heart
that you're going to fall in love with
or what you enjoy sexually like admiring
someone of the same sex because they're
beautiful or because they're strong and
confident and talented like that's not
something to be afraid of if that makes
any sense so going back on the topic of
actual prostate simulation I keep saying
simulation or like slurring it so it
sounds like simulation and it's like
you're and I can't even say simulation
like what is this
but um I definitely feel like when I
imagine a guy in my head and this is
like the raw truth when I imagine a guy
in my head like stimulating his prostate
solo I find that less attractive than
imagining a guy just like masturbating
by stroking his cock that's just
something that I imagine in my head that
being said I would definitely be fine
with exploring that with any guy that
I'm actually attracted to and I think it
would be extremely hot if a guy was
adventurous enough to try that or to let
me peg him and I think it would be
really cool I think role reversal is
cool but it might inherently
and without my control changed the way
that I feel about that guy because of my
standards and what I like in a guy not
because of how much I respect him
because of his sexual orientation or the
fact that he's done something that I see
is shameful because I don't at all see
it
shameful I see it as hey you want to get
more pleasure out of your sex why the
fuck are you not doing this right it's
the same thing with pussy looking like I
can enjoy pussy looking even though it's
not like my favorite thing I'd rather
just you know get fucked because I
orgasm better that way and because I
find the act of a man fucking me much
more attractive looking than the act of
him like going down there like it's just
like something about my own personal
preference but that doesn't mean that I
think men who look pussy are gross it
doesn't mean that I look down on men who
look pussy a lot of people misconstrue
my own personal preferences with me
looking down on other people from
different walks of life when really I'm
just the epitome of accepting everyone
and if I'm not attracted to you that
doesn't mean I don't you know that
doesn't mean I can't respect you
obviously respect is earned but it
doesn't mean I don't give you the human
decency and the basic like go ahead to
be whatever the fuck you want to be and
do whatever the fuck you want to do and
I definitely support anyone exploring
any avenue that would make them happier
in life or would make them have more fun
with things like sex because sex is one
of the amazing things in life that will
always be there for you as long as
you're a sexual human being that you can
like you know when you have a stressful
day you can like jerk off or have sex
with your friends your sex with your
friends sex with your partners or
friends fuck it whatever right I don't
care about that shit why not I would
have sex with my hot friends but um it's
just a great part of life and a lot of
people stigmatize it and you know hold
themselves back because they're worried
about what other people would think and
like if I tell you that I find something
unattractive or if I tell you that I
find something gross which I don't find
prostate stimulation gross um I thought
like what does that matter that's just
my opinion and like what I want to teach
or what I want to help people understand
through my videos is that it doesn't
matter what other people think and it's
unhelpful that other people have
different opinions and if something
doesn't get me off or doesn't turn me on
it's not my fault and it doesn't mean
that I hate you because I can't get
turned on by you and that kind of thing
a lot of people say that like oh you
don't like you know short fat guys or
something you are a fucking stuck-up
bitch no I have preferences I'm just
honest about it and I really hope that
if you're a short fat guy and I'm not
attracted to you or whatever it is that
I'm not attracted to I hope you continue
to be yourself and
learn that I'm just a person that
doesn't matter I'm just a one vocal
minority in the world that is being
honest with what I like and that doesn't
mean I can't like you as a person or we
can't be friends or I can't respect you
and it makes no sense that people are so
pseudo nice like not telling people what
they actually want to say or not telling
people what they actually mean because
they're afraid to hurt other people when
really everyone should just have that
like intrinsic thick skin and that logic
that tells you that other people are
going to have other opinions and that's
just how the world works and it doesn't
make the person who has the opinion a
bad person and it doesn't mean that that
person who has that opinion hates other
people who don't share the same opinion
it's like the world is full of
differences in in beauty of different
kinds and just because I am not
attracted to that like that's like
something I can't help to it's like a
visceral you know like if something
turns me off or something turns me on I
like can't help it and you're supposed
to embrace that about yourself and about
other people so prostate stimulation is
a yes I would definitely do it with a
partner especially if I'm extremely
attracted to him I would definitely love
to peg a guy just for fun maybe as a you
know submissive you know reverse
role-playing thing that I don't like I'm
not like that at all not submissive or
I'm not dominant at all I'm very
submissive but in a dominant way where I
want you to take control of me but like
I'm totally fine with role reversal and
doing things that I wouldn't normally do
I wouldn't normally find attractive just
like to try it out just to do it and
I've always wanted to peg a guy and guys
you naturally feel good when you
stimulate your prostate it's a natural
g-spot for you guys and you should at
least research it if not try it but
remember to make sure to be careful
because you're you don't need any more
than like an inch or two in there like
that's where the prostate is it's a
little like it's a little how do you say
that like it's a like little nodule in
there that's like rigid and stuff and
you can feel it if you like poke around
in there and I know a lot of people are
gonna be like oh that's gay in the
comments but you guys haven't been
listening to a word I say if you say
that I'm just going to disregard those
comments this is for the people who have
wanted to try it or who do try it but
they feel a little uncomfortable about
it and what that means for them in this
society and basically it means nothing
it means that you want to have a more
ample
I'd sex life and more fun and you know
if you are still attracted to women only
then that doesn't make you fucking gay
obviously and it doesn't matter if
you're gay and I definitely feel that
you owe it to yourself to be honest with
who you truly are and not worry what
other people say and I know that's
easier said than done but I want you
guys to know that I am always on your
side I want you to be yourself no matter
who yourselves are and I'll see you in
the next video I love you guys I hope
you post some interesting comments have
you guys ever tried it would you guys
ever consider trying it I know a lot of
you guys have pseudonyms that you use on
the Internet so it's not as big of a
deal if you say yeah I've fucking tried
it and like not all your friends are
gonna see it or whatever but you know if
you do that and you are honest about it
and own up to it like one of my friends
who I feel he has some strong suits but
he's not a great person once said to me
that like you can make anything badass
or anything cool or you can sell
anything as long as you have confidence
behind it so if you're like fuck yeah
I've tried mound cum and I've stuck my
finger up my ass why not it feels good
fuck you if you haven't you know like
that kind of attitude just like people
get behind that shit that makes you a
stronger person a leader and someone who
just doesn't give a shit and I have a
lot of respect for those people so I
love you guys either way and I hope you
have a fucking wonderful day I will see
you next time like the vid subscribe to
the channel and let me know what you
think of the new look this is like an
in-between I have my new lens now and I
did a little of the manual settings that
I want but I still want the background
to be a little bit more blurred a little
bit more bouquet it's what it's called
in the photography world and other than
that I'm pretty happy with the upgrades
and I want to thank my patrons once
again you guys are fucking amazing for
making this happen production quality
one of my favorite fucking things and I
am so glad that I can keep improving my
production quality for you guys and my
content in general love you if you have
any more things that you want me to talk
about post in the comments bye guys
