hey guys and welcome to a new sex
stories video I'm extremely excited to
tell you guys this story today it's
something that happened within the last
year and it's something that has a lot
of drama attached to it there's no sex I
want to let you guys know there's no sex
but there is some happenings that are
sexual and some alcohol involved and
maybe some weed and a lot of drama with
some guy's girlfriend so stay tuned if
you want to hear a ridiculous story and
I hope you guys enjoy this series
because I have one that I'm going to
tell you guys about recently or not
recently I'm going to tell you guys
about it soon and it's not recent about
a guy who went limp on me and that's
going to be a little bit of fun but this
one is just something I was thinking
about in the shower and I'm like I'm
going to tell this story it's been
enough time where you know incriminating
someone isn't really that big of a deal
and I'm not gonna I'm not going to name
names of certain people but the person
in question I'm going to name the name
of because he has a very general name
and anyone who I tell the story to that
actually knows me in real life or was
there is gonna know who this person is
anyway right so the guy's name is Sean
in question and I don't usually go to
parties I don't enjoy going to parties
but when I do a lot of magic the
gathering stuff like when I go to
tournaments and stuff I will often hang
out with some of the people some of the
friends that I have in the community
when I have a little extra time and this
was one of those occasions where I would
go over to our friends house who like he
has a gigantic house that's his parents
house but they basically live in fucking
Europe or something I don't actually
know the specifics so he has this like
gigantic house to himself and it's like
got a bar upstairs it's really cool and
then like this area that we would hang
out and we would like everyone would be
smoking and I would drink a little bit
I'm not really like a party party kind
of person like I don't go to the club
and I don't really like to drink or
smoke but occasionally I will do it if
you know the situations are right often
at like magic tournaments or at like
gaming convention after parties when I'm
hanging out with a bunch of the pro
gamers and stuff we'll like drink a
little bit and I'll have a little bit to
drink and sometimes I go overboard and
this was one of those times so we were
playing like cards against humanity' or
something I think they were actually
playing poker and I we were like
interchangeably playing poker I don't
know like some of us weren't playing at
some of us were and I was drinking and
we were waiting on pizza and our friend
Sean was like I'm gonna go outside and
smoke we're gonna wait for the pizza and
I'm like okay I'll go with you and I'll
wait outside with you because I wasn't
at the time
in poker and I'm actually not good at
playing poker I don't really know a lot
about it I'm not really good at you know
they say it's like chance but it's
really not chance you're supposed to be
good at it and stuff and so it's not
really my kind of game if that makes any
sense which is kind of sad because most
magic players play poker and that's kind
of how they earn their living so it's
weird that I don't do both but whatever
so we were outside and he was smoking
and I'm not really I'm not attracted to
him but we're friends right but he is
always flirted with me and I flirt with
like literally everyone I'm like a flirt
a holic unless I absolutely despise you
or I find you like repulsive I will
probably be flirting with you or if like
you are married or dating someone that I
know and I just want to kind of keep a
boundary they're like I don't want to
make the person who I know who's your
girlfriend feel uncomfortable or
something i flirt with everyone man
women fucking anyone over like 17-2 up
to like fucking 45 I will flirt with you
because it's fun to flirt and I flirt
with my friends so I was sweating with
him and he said you should flash me your
tits right and I was like really drunk
keep in mind I was really drunk it's not
an excuse for anything but I probably
would have been like why do that you
know like I do things like the same
things that I would do when I'm drunk
when I'm sober but I care a little bit
less when it's really like why the fuck
would I be doing that type of thing so I
was like you show me my you showed me
mine you show me yours and I'll show you
mine so he like goes like oh my god
that's funny and I'm like fine I was
wearing this okay like imagine this was
actually attached to this top so it was
like a jumper if you guys don't know
what that is a romper is what they call
it it's like a Hollister romper so it
looks like a dress but it's actually
like a shorts attached to a top so I
couldn't like actually show him my boobs
so I like pull over to the side and I'm
like ah there you go haha funny right
and um he just like I don't know at what
point okay now a lot of this is really
hazy because I did have a lot to drink
and that's why I kind of I wanted to go
outside to get fresh air because fresh
air is really nice when you're
intoxicated and he just like pulls in
and kisses me like really hard and at
the same time sticks his hand into my
romper and like starts like touching my
vagina and I like take a second and then
I'm like hahaha and I push back and I'm
like
I'm just like kind of like you know a
lot of people say that like when
something happens to them they have like
a nervous laugh this isn't really that
it's more of me just like being like
what the fuck are you doing and not
overreacting I feel like a lot of people
who say that things like that are the
worst thing has ever happened to them or
like the worst violation
like if you're flirting with someone and
they try something I don't see that as
like an overstepping of boundaries I see
that as like oh he went for it and I
don't feel like guys should be as afraid
to go for it but I do feel like the
fingers on the vagina was a little much
a little much I'm gonna say that they're
like trying to kiss someone that's not a
big deal maybe you got signals maybe you
thought you know like how are you gonna
engage in a sexual relationship where
you are where you are like making out
and doing stuff if you don't like give
it a shot right but a disclaimer please
don't try to stick your fingers on
anyone's like private parts unless you
know that they're at least down for the
kiss first right so yeah that was pretty
ridiculous but that's not the best part
so after that I go inside and I don't
know if you guys remember my friend
Wesley he's been in a couple videos on
this channel a long time ago like a year
ago and before that he or not before
that during that he was also on my
gaming channel we played like Super
Mario Brothers and we played some
hearthstone and like some magic and
stuff on stream together and he I got
really close to him and we were like
really good platonic friends but um I
stopped being friends with him because
there was a lot of drama involved with
being friends with him I mean we're like
we're like friends like we'll talk to
each other occasionally and if I ever
see him in a magic tournament he like
moved off to college but if I ever see
him at a magic train him and I'm like
we're fine right like we hang out it's
good but I am NOT
I let very few people into my life as
like a on a bestfriend basis and I feel
like he was one of my best friends he
would hang out at my house like nobody
hangs out at my house but he would hang
out at my house and spend a lot of time
with me a lot of different days and I
like in in dirt like I introduced him in
my content that's something I don't like
do a lot I don't just I just don't have
that many close friends you know so we
are pretty close and I told him about it
and the reason I told him about it like
it was so stupid for me to tell him
because it's like none of his business
and why would I do that unless I want
some rise out of him but honestly like
the one thing about being in like a
relationship with Jay like I have
J where it's like an open relationship
where there's like it's non-monogamous
and we don't have any rules one of those
that actually works like ours actually
works and there isn't that like jealousy
in that drama in there is that I
actually kind of miss the jealousy and I
miss like that drama and Wesley was
definitely like that he was definitely
like crazy about protecting me and crazy
about getting jealous about things like
like everything he got like jealous of
like don't touch her don't do this don't
do that he was like always protecting me
and it was like totally unnecessary but
it's something that I kind of liked and
so I guess in my drunken state which is
not an excuse again I decided to provoke
that and tell him about it and he was
like really fucking mad and like
freaking out he was gonna like beat the
shit out of this guy and it was like
ridiculous and you know we're telling
him to stop and like Jays reaction to
this was just like really that's
retarded and I like that because I don't
have to actually deal with the emotions
involved with someone being super
jealous and someone being super you know
and like it's it's it's stupid because I
wasn't his to protect but I just like
feeling protected even though I can
totally handle myself you know like I
handled it I was like woah backed off he
didn't rape me I was fine I wasn't you
know there wasn't any actual drama but
he was creating drama and I don't know
if she's to turn on to me when someone
can protect me or acts like they want to
protect me and it's also a turn-off in a
way because if it actually comes with
him not being able to calm down and him
not being able to handle his shit it's
like what the fuck is wrong with you get
emotionally stable right so I was a
stupid bitch for even provoking that but
I did
and after that he fucking hated him
forever and like I don't hate Sean I
have no problem with Sean Sean's cool I
see him sometimes and I say what's up
and we'd sit down and talk and stuff and
it was weird that it happened I remember
the only thing I remember about the kiss
I don't remember how long I let it go on
or whatever but I remember that like his
moustache and beard like scraping the
shit out of my face and I'm just like
this is not even good let's stop that
and so later on the aftermath is like
actually the worst right so a few weeks
later I get a message on facebook from
his girlfriend and I've always known
that he had like a longtime girlfriend
and sure
that would factor into me not wanting to
do it if I did want to do it in the
first place but as I've said a million
times before it's not my responsibility
to uphold that promise that inner
relationships and one's made to each
other it's not my responsibility to make
sure that this person is not being a
cheater and a liar to his girlfriend who
I don't even know you know like that's
my philosophy that's how I feel so I'm
not going to go seek out people who are
married really I'm not going to like try
to you know make it harder for them to
say no and I'm not going to be super
like pushy about it really Mike I'm a
flirt with a guy that I like who's
married or who's dating someone but I
you know try to keep that boundary there
but if he decides to do something that's
not on me I'm not like some kind of
person who's going to force myself on
them you know he's making that decision
to break those vows with his girlfriend
or a wife and that's just like it's not
my responsibility and that's how I feel
a lot of people say that I'm a bitch for
it but what the fuck ever so um she
messages me and she's like calling me a
cut cut a cunt in a slut and a horde all
these things and like asking me like wow
she's doing that asking me like what
happened that night and I'm like what
the fuck are you talking about and she
tells me that he told her that I just
like went in and flashed him and like
tried to throw myself on him and she's
asking me for the full story and I'm
like what the fuck is this guy doing
he's coming clean to her come and clean
about something that he shouldn't be
telling her or he should be telling her
the full truth but instead he decided to
like lift his burden of responsibility
by saying that it was all me and I came
on to him and I was like trying to be a
slutty bitch around him and stuff like
that and trying to take her fuck his
fucking girlfriend you know trying to
take her boyfriend away from her that's
what I'm trying to say I don't fucking
know I had some caffeine today which I'm
trying not to do because caffeine gives
me headaches and stuff but I was just i
been tired the last three days so I
needed some energy huh and it reflects
in the way that I talk I get all
retarded basically so um he was putting
it all on me and I guess that's his way
of just lifting the guilt off of his
conscience which is fucking ridiculous
because he told her nothing he told her
nothing truthful and then he messages me
and he's like can you
you just tell her that you were the one
that flashed that you were the one that
flashed and everything and that you were
the one that started it and he didn't
say he didn't tell her that we kissed he
didn't tell her what he did with my
vagina he didn't say anything like that
he just said that I was a flashing him
at a party and like coming on too strong
and that it was me trying to do
something with him and he was like no
and it was just like it blew my mind
that he would say something like that
and I'm like whatever
so I fucking said yeah you know I
flashed him but it was because we were
just flirting around and then he was
like oh I'll show you mine if you show
me yours type of thing and I was honest
about that part and I said but that's
all that happened and then she pressed
me even more and like she stopped
calling me like a bitch and a slut and
started just being like please just tell
me what happened and I'm like this is
not my responsibility and I might just
ask him whatever he says is whatever
happened I'm sure he's being honest to
you and I'm not going to be the person
that's like standing up for all women
everywhere good out of a cheating
relationship like this guy has been
flirting with me for a really long time
he probably cheats on you and if you
can't see that like that's that's your
own fault I guess you know you should
just tell and handle your business and
not put it on me to be like some kind of
advocate for you know your relationship
and that's how I felt so I just was like
sure Shawn I'll say whatever the fuck
and I just said that and then she like
changed her whole tone I don't remember
exactly what was going on that made her
change her tone but she ended up like
thanking me and being like thank you for
your honesty and I'm sorry I called you
this and that and she was nice from that
point on but he like he unfriended me on
Facebook and he doesn't like talk to me
in any way that she might be able to
find and yeah that was pretty ridiculous
and obviously Wesley was like just tell
her the whole fucking truth fuck that
guy oh my god uh and I'm like why like
why would I do that I don't have a
responsibility to hurt like if I'm gonna
weigh responsibilities he is kind of my
friend and she's absolutely nobody to me
so why wouldn't I do the solid for the
asshole friend friend and just not say
anything and not complicate things
further and not like put myself into
that situation like I don't want to be
the person who does that you know like
he needs to either tell the truth or she
needs to find out on her own and that's
my opinion on it but yeah it was a
pretty funny situation and
interesting to say the least let me know
in the comments what you think about
this I'm sure a lot of you guys are
going to be hating on before I'm sure a
lot of you guys are going to call me a
slut but also you I want to hear what
you guys feel about the philosophy that
you know it's not my responsibility to
uphold the vows of a married couple when
I'm not in that relationship I choose to
be single and I choose to say that I
want to like sleep with other people if
I'm in a relationship or whatever and I
choose to be like that so why can't I
just do whatever the fuck I want to
leave that responsibility and that
burden up to that couple in those people
it's not like I'm out just like hunting
to ruin relationships that's not my
purpose my purpose is to just do
whatever the fuck I want life and you
know if you made a promise to someone
you have to uphold it and no one else
and that's just what I believe so yeah
like the video subscribe to the channel
and let me know if you're still enjoying
the sex sex ed not sex ed sex story
series I love you guys mwah see you soon
with another one about flaccid penises
oh yeah
bye guys
