hey guys hold up tuna episode of Friday
night mail this series is now every
single Friday so I get to pay close
attention to the box you guys give me I
get to UM spend some intimate time with
them that was a little corny any time I
do that like weird sexy voice that
doesn't feel like me like that's not how
I handle sex that's a very phony to me
and then so I start cringing but anyway
we're gonna be opening about four
packages today it's it's very nice that
I can focus on these packages rather
than being like I have a hundred
packages this can't be a forty minute
video I can't upload 40 minute videos
because of YouTube content strikes and
it's the worst but I just wanted to say
that I fucking love you it doesn't
matter who you are if you fucking hate
me or like me as long as you're on here
watching this video hearing this message
I fucking love you I appreciate every
comment every like of my video every
dislike every support of me whether it's
negative or positive obviously the
positive ones are infinitely more
important to me I just fucking love you
guys and I wouldn't be where I am today
without you and I just really appreciate
it so yeah you guys are just fucking
amazing I love you
let's open packages before I start
slurring and crying and begging for you
to come over and console me because I'm
sad because I can't give you enough love
it's your fault I can't love you enough
it's totally not true nothing is your
fault
you're wonderful package one I have a
feeling that this package coming from
the Netherlands is gonna be relevant to
today's unboxing so we're gonna go ahead
and open that one first this box is very
weird it's just like glue two shots so
even if I did know where my fucking box
cutter was be fucking easy to open what
is this
it looks like some kind of like statue
or award oh my god I have to see this
let's take off this little protective
tape so I can show you what it says dare
about standing proof um what does that
mean I said it wrong their best and
Ihnen proof um like how I can roll my
arm out what what am i what I have to
Google this I'm assuming it's the best
proof um in English exam the best exam
it's a tester examination I'm apparently
the best test who sent me this have you
sent me this post in the comments and
tell me what you meant by it because
although I am very flattered to be the
best test I have no idea what that means
okay I'm gonna try to guess in German
slang use the best test as like the best
pussy or the best lay if that's the case
then thank you so much either way this
is really cute he's holding like this
like the rosary thing from you know
whatever the fuck like near his nipples
so you can't see his nipples again
thanks this is cool I just don't get it
Germans to the rescue I love being a
damsel in distress
I need my terminus to tell me what the
fuck is going on next we have a package
from Brian you let's get it open it's
the persona arts you guys have to follow
star seed 13 on Twitter this guy is
fucking amazing he's also the guy that
did this one so if you guys don't know
the reference to this this is uh persona
for reference this is kanji Tatsumi he
is one of my hottest guys in games and
we just formed a new Bond
thou art Zion I am thou thou hast
established a new bond it brings me
closer to the truth thou shalt be
blessed when creating personas of the
gamer Arcana if you ever played a
persona game you know what this is about
I fucking love it dude
I seriously need to put these things up
on my wall I feel like I want to put
this one behind me right here
thank you Brian you're fucking wonderful
and star seed 13 on Twitter go go he's
amazing comes from Las Vegas where I
will hopefully soon be residing and it's
got one of those pull motherfuckers it's
like oh yeah just pull it open that's
right
a perfectly packaged a little present
perfectly packaged presents but I'm not
a rapper hey babe I love you I sent you
the fan art and we are now best friends
officially because of Twitter message me
on Instagram or text me anytime from
Alex Kay your new best friend I like she
told me you were gonna send me something
is it those it is those oh yeah can you
tell what this is upon initial
inspection you guessed it it's a bunch
of different flavors of condoms Alex you
are fucking amazing someone suggested
that I try a bunch of different flavors
of condoms as a taste testing video just
kind of like licking the condom and I'll
tell you guys my stories regarding
flavored condoms - it should be fun
because I think flavored condoms are
gross
banana splits chocolate strawberry oh
that's gonna be great island punch a
wonderful freshman mint chocolate I
might actually like that one by the way
guys if you ever buy me anything sweet
which you shouldn't or you just want to
know my favorite sweet flavor by far is
chocolate mint mint chocolate ice cream
and chocolate anything the best thank
you Alex for helping me make more
content you are fucking amazing and you
are fucking gorgeous thank you baby
what could it be ah I must have ripped
my own nail off my own as if I would be
repping anyone else is off I'm so
excited what is it
oh god no way hi Terry enjoy your gift
from Wayne who loves you like a dear
friend very much open first and then the
other one well I'm glad I opened this
first because this is the only one to
open twelve of my favorite fucking vegan
protein cookies fucking Wayne really Oh
Wayne knows the one that bought me the
Kit Kats and now he bought me fucking 12
of these they are amazing they taste so
fucking good so if you haven't tried the
Lenny and Larry cookies yet fuckin do it
and if you haven't watched my Lenny and
Larry taste test video stare in the
description
I saw the lemon one at my gym one day
and I was like huh fuck it I might as
well try it it's vegan and it was the
fucking best thing ever so I put on my
wish list the other flavours and they're
all fucking good like there is not a bad
flavor in the bunch and chocolate chip
is one of my favorites now I have a
post-workout vegan snack that has a
bunch of fucking protein and Sates my
sweet tooth your fucking wonderful way
and I really appreciate your support
Germans I need you to help me with my
mystery of the der besten Danone proof
um post in the comments and help a girl
out
watch it be like super rude Thank You
Wayne thank you Alex thank you German
guy and thank you Brian
you guys are fucking amazing I love you
so much and I will see you next Friday
for the next Friday night mail I am not
opening your mail every single week so
send me fucking letters send me anything
I want to hear from you guys and because
of Ray I now have a really cool envelope
opener it's not gonna fuck up your pan
art I really appreciate everything you
guys do for me and I hope these videos
entertain you and make you smile I love
you so much see you next video
mmm
