hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week we have something
really fun which is always fun a new
shipment of sex toys from Adam and Eve
my favorite sex toy company of all time
not only does Adam and Eve periodically
send me a bunch of sex toys to try out
but they also help support the
continuation of sex ed which I know you
guys love and they give me the best
discount code for you guys that I've
ever heard of so if you guys want to buy
any kind of sex toy stuff even if it's
just Lube instead of getting off your
ass and going to the store to get it
literally just go to adamandeve.com you
get 50% off any one item plus free
shipping in the US fifty fucking percent
dude can't you support me in the sex ed
series also they send me edible
arrangements after I do the video mmm
chocolate strawberries so now we're
going to take a look at all of my new
sex toys
I love unboxing sex toys let's fucking
do it and all of these toys are new Adam
and Eve editions too so new shit equals
a sexy video the first thing we have
here is the evolve wild butterfly
silicone rechargeable dildo the box is
super fucking nice super heavy-duty
I love the mat with a shiny contrast you
guys know this if you've watched any of
my unboxings my gaming channel the
packaging is literally the quality of
the packaging for those $250 plus gaming
headsets playful and powerful this dual
stimulator comes with an erotic surprise
a gentle butterfly that surrounds your
pleasure zones picking up the vibrations
of over 45 combinations of a speed and
function to deliver a teasing
tantalizing twist on your intense
experience so you pull out the top take
out the little things and you can pull
it out right here so this goes into your
vagina and it's got kind of like a butt
plug shape which i think is really cool
for the vagina because it kind of
instead of pulverizing your cervix
tickles it and it has the thickest part
where most women have their g-spot so
you're going to feel the most sensation
but the thing I love the most about
these kinds of dildos is that this part
vibrates and is meant to stimulate your
clitoris which is necessary to achieve
an orgasm for most women good size good
shape totally rechargeable soft silicone
I would definitely recommend this and
the reason I'm not taking it out of the
package to show you guys more is that
I'm actually sending this one to one of
my female viewers because she told me
she desperately needs a sex toy I'm in
the business of helping girls out comes
with a manual and a USB charger next
thing we have is the Blackmagic Jie
silicone massager
it's an Adam and Eve exclusive and it
comes with a five-year warranty powerful
g-spot vibe 10 vibration functions
perfectly angled for g-spot stimulation
satisfying wide shaft Adam Neve knows
at that and it's waterproof and
submersible you have to check on that
cuz not all of them can be used in the
shower let's go ahead and open it up
this is what it looks like up close
here's the soft silicone and here's the
handle which is easy to grip and it has
the on and off button and different
vibes I feel like this is the perfect
item for a girl who doesn't like a lot
of pain or a lot of length and who just
wants to come really easily stimulating
her g-spot I feel like this would even
be good for prostate stimulation hey
it's even black that's not a race thing
that's a this isn't a pink girly item
thing another thing that Adam Eve sent
me is a hundred dollar voucher for wine
I don't know the first thing about wine
maybe I should go ahead and just buy
myself a hundred dollar bottle of wine
to just have for a special occasion and
definitely good for the preparation of
sex because bitches love wine the next
thing we've got is the thruster love it
already because of the name this is an
Adam Eve only product as well and it
comes with a five-year warranty because
they're fucking awesome like that this
beautifully sculpted silicone vibrator
is truly a self-starter not only does it
have two separate motor controls for its
shaft and clitoral stimulation and a
gently curved tip for the g-spot
stimulation but it also gently thrusts
in and out all by itself what that is
crazy I really feel like every good
vibrator has to have the rabbit vibe
here for the clit so ladies or men if
you're shopping for your girlfriends
remember that clitoral stimulation is
key let's open her up sleek black box
and there she is inside I guess I should
say he USB charging and look at this
weird charger where does that even go so
near the middle that's really squishy
and I'm assuming this is where it
extends it's supersoft latex I think
this is gonna be my favorite one even
more so than the last one that I got
which I use every fucking day God thank
you Adam and Eve look at it you don't
even have to move masturbation has
become so simple I just I just can't
stop looking at it it's hilarious I feel
like this product just ruining the
chance of men getting girlfriends
because this is like a better boyfriend
I fucking love this thing you can turn
up the vibration and you can change to
intermittent vibrations this is fucking
awesome color me purple with excitement
next we have the princess compact vibe
this is super cute something you might
want to put in your purse it's
waterproof it has seven robust functions
USB rechargeable and it has single
button operation let's go ahead and open
it up slide it out oh and it just
dropped into my lap and here it is
I hope you guys can see but it has like
a really cool Diamond design in the
latex so it serves a similar function to
like ribbed condoms for her pleasure
definitely a great on-the-go vibe for
like your clit or a little extra
stimulation to the vagina while
masturbating this is where you charge it
this is also the button doesn't the
holder quite look like a penis with
balls
these magnetic chargers are pretty
interesting I honestly don't own an
electronic that uses it next is
something I'm really excited about and I
think it adds a lot to sex positions I
definitely recommend anyone buying an
item like this it enhances so many of
the sexual positions especially for
women can someone please tell me how
this pillow enhances ass looking though
again this is an Adam Neve product so
five year warranty baby achieved
physicians you never thought possible
this inflatable pillow slanted wedge
shape adds comfortable cushioning and
support to enhance your lovemaking
instantly just lean on the pillow to
achieve better more satisfying angles
easy grip handles and velvety surface
keeps you in control and in place while
you play harder faster and wilder than
ever before just fucking sign me up I'm
actually gonna get a lot of use out of
this I love that it has handles let's
open it and you just inflate it by
blowing into it or using a bicycle pump
here are the handles do I own a bicycle
pump I'm trying to think I don't think I
do
I'm gonna go ahead and blow it up I
guess this takes me back to going to the
lake with my family and having to blow
things up blow things already
lightheaded
get in there
this is probably the closest you're
going to get to watching me blow on
camera enjoy it
alright so let's sit on it comfy
any kind of person in any kind of
relationship would enjoy this pillow and
it definitely enhances the female
experience one of the easiest ways to
enhance pleasure is putting this under
your butt to elevate your butt feels
better for the man and feels better for
the woman when doing missionary but
there's so many other things you can do
with this pillow like float on it in a
pool probably not if I can love it the
last product we're gonna be unboxing
today is called massage seductions on
the bottom it says 24 ways to seduce
your lover with tender and tantalizing
massage techniques massage can be
extremely erotic and this is the first
time that I'm actually unboxing
something that has to do with massage so
I'm excited let's do it this is what
we've got inside one massage candle that
melts to create massage lotion that's
this looks like a regular candle on the
inside and smells fucking amazing I
would wear this as a body spray one
spoon here's the spoon it's just a
little plastic spoon that you use to get
into the lotion 24 massage seduction
cards which are these climbing the
mountain for him this hike does not
require loading up on heavy gear but he
still may need to hydrate after instruct
your lover to lie on his back and sit
with your waist between his legs mount
the massage oil from the candle into
your hands and begin by massaging your
lover's feet then move toward his thighs
so it's basically just massage related
suggestions for foreplay hot it also
comes with a warming heart massager
which is this thing that you can heat up
helpful massage seduction tips and kit
instructions inception honestly one of
my favorite lesbian relationships
involved massage a lot of massage
full-body and naked she had huge tits
and she was really good at massaging
anyway my point is that massage Plus sex
can be super amazing and if you don't
know where to start start with tips I'm
excited to try this kit for myself this
is another big one if you're into
romance or your partner's into romance
and you want to get them a gift alright
guys I hope you enjoyed please like the
video subscribe to the channel and if
you want to help support my content
check out adamandeve.com and buy
something small you get 50% off and free
shipping in the US so why not we all
need sex supplies from time to time
whether it's lingerie porn sex lotions
kits mail masturbators or female sex
toys Adam and Eve's got you covered
thanks for watching guys next sex
we're going to talk about how to
preserve and protect your sex toys and
I'm going to be giving away a male
masturbator see you in two weeks with
that episode what keep fucking with a
well-equipped arsenal of sex toys
preferably from Adam and Eve now if you
excuse me I'm going to go try these out
and then go stream to separate
situations black
