hey guys I'm super excited because today
we're starting a new series once a month
I'm going to be talking about my fucking
favorites if you watch any girlie
channels you've probably seen people
doing renditions of this month's
favorites I just think it's a really
cool idea in a way that I can tell you
guys what I'm into for that month
because yeah I get into a lot of certain
things for one month then the next month
or something completely different but
I'm like super excited about but most of
the girls that do monthly favorites
videos do things like make up and while
I am gonna have one girly thing on the
list I think I should make it more of a
fucking favorites like a tera edition so
here on my phone I have a notepad of
everything that I'm gonna go over every
month and let me tell you the categories
porn star sex position music game TV or
movie person I want to fuck a random
thing and a girly thing I don't like as
many girly thing this is a lot of other
girl each channels I do like makeup but
it's not like as much of a passion as
things like games and sex so without
further ado let's get into this month
fucking favorites and I want you guys to
post down the comments if you're
enjoying this series and you want me to
continue it maybe I can show you guys
some new music or some good games okay
so our first category is porn star now I
don't really have a porn star that I'm
super into this month but the porn star
that I watched most recently last night
it was Peeta Jensen and she was in this
video where she was pretending to be
Khaleesi and there was this Khal Drogo
guy which is like one of the buffest
guys I've ever seen in porn usually
they're more like fit or athletic and
she and some other chick who wasn't as
hot who was like a slave or something
was fucking him it was a pretty hot
video and I think Peter Johnson has a
really great body and really nice boobs
so if you guys haven't checked her out
you should give her a shot
I'm not totally in love with her face I
feel like she is cute but her with a
blonde wig on now that's hot what kind
of name is that though if you guys have
watched the same porn as me let me know
down in the comments what you thought of
it we can share porn together and you
can post things that I might not know
about thank you in advance
this month's favorite sex position is
I'm just gonna start out with my
favorite and go with doggy why do I like
doggy so much you ask well when you're
bent over in that position you really
feel it I honestly don't know how else
to describe it or how to make it sound
sexy but it's basically just like more
pain to my cervix more ramming speed
ramming speed is actually something that
an item in binding of issac gives you so
yeah you can just count me among the
plethora of horny nerds on the internet
binding of issac sex positions
anyway it's really weird and I don't
know if you girls have ever felt this
way or if any of you guys ever had your
girlfriend experience this but when I'm
in doggy style position something about
the penetration just gives me chills all
over my body and it feels so much better
so I just love the fucking doggy style
position and like I can move around in
my butt and like do some of the work
it's a lot of fun and it's really more
versatile of a position that a lot of
people might think also I can totally
just stick my face in the pillow and
like scream and moan and do whatever I
want it's not too loud for this month's
music I am addicted to to pain of
salvation songs lately I've been getting
a lot more into prog rock and I fucking
cannot get enough of the song sisters
when I first heard the song sisters I
was also listening to penny dreadful and
I was also extremely attracted to rave
Carvey and his whole essence as Dorian
Gray and it was just like the perfect
song for it so you listen to this song
it's basically like a Victorian sounding
song that has an immense emotional
build-up which is something I really
fucking love in songs when you can hear
like desperation in someone's voice you
can actually hear the emotion with the
lyrics and the instrumentals in the
background just like backing that up
it's like the sexiest fucking thing in
the world and basically this guy is
talking about how he meets a girl that's
a lot like I think his dead girlfriend
or something something you would
extrapolate from the context right and
he can't help but desire her so strongly
because she reminds him exactly of her
sister there's a really powerful parts
in that song and I'm just like oh just
fucking fuck me or something I don't
know like that's how I feel when I
listen to music music is a great
emotional outlet for me I don't have
very many emotional outlets I'm not very
emotional as a person but I feel like it
can really connect with my emotions when
I'm listening to music particularly prog
metal and other types of metal that have
a lot of emotion and them growling and
sexual miss it's all very erotic to me
music is very erotic to me I feel like
life would definitely be entirely worse
if there wasn't music the other song by
Pain of Salvation is a completely
different song it's called mortar grind
I love the way he changes up the vocals
of this song and there's this part where
he's like oh there was something deep
inside her I know cuz I have been inside
her I'm really bad at this but it's like
really powerful while also being hot
kind of I first thought the song was
really annoying but now I can't get
enough of it so if you guys are into
prog rock or metal of any kind check
that out
especially sisters I feel like sisters
is less of an acquired taste and more of
just like a really beautiful song movie
on two games we have two this month that
I cannot put down anytime I'm not
streaming or working I'm playing Binding
of Isaac on the couch with J we finally
got into afterbirth which is the
expansion for rebirth or the DLC
whatever and we're currently working
toward unlocking all of the items that
you unlock when you finish all
challenges and doing a bunch of greed
runs we have the keeper to unlock and we
have a fuck ton of items that we can
still unlock so I I just fucking love
that game so much it's like an indie
dungeon crawler this randomly generated
has like a huge variety of items and the
theme the game is basically extremely
religious but it's also kind of an
ironic look at religion it's cute while
also being gritty and it's just amazing
it's one of my favorite games of all
time I'm also doing a giveaway for the
game right now on my gaming channel so
if you want to check that out link will
be in the description the game is really
amazing I promise you you're gonna love
it as long as you know what an indie
game is a lot of people are like
expecting triple-a games and like the
best graphics possible and that's all
that matters to them it remains more
about the gameplay in the story and how
much fun I can have playing with friends
my second game in something I'm
completely addicted to is Dark Souls 3
now a lot of people think that I can't
play Dark Souls 3 but I actually
finished blood-borne
and I actually made guides for each boss
so right now I'm on the second boss in
Dark Souls 3 and it's funny because I
get the inkling to play when I'm not
streaming like when I can't stream like
when I'm rendering a video and my CPU
usage is like ninety to a hundred
percent so there's no way I can start my
stream and I'm like sitting there just
like grinding extra like more than I
need to in Dark Souls because I just
want to play the game really bad and two
nights ago I was mapping the path to get
to the second boss because I still
haven't done the second boss and I got
there and I was like what's the harm in
trying it right so I go in and I get him
to like a sliver of Health and I'm like
sitting there like should I fucking kill
him what if it's hard to do on camera
and I play worse on camera no matter
what the fuck it is I don't know why I
have no anxiety there's just something
wrong with me I don't know what it is so
I'm sitting there like yeah I need to do
this on camera so I just kill myself and
I'm gonna have to do that stupid run
back down to the elevator down and kill
the two guys run past and then fucking
go in and do it again and hope I don't
die to fucking Voort beast ass
motherfucker anyway the game is really
amazing a lot of people think it's too
hard but really like if it's too hard
you can just grind and then it's not too
hard and all you have to do is like
watch for reactions to the enemies and
make sure you learn how to pair you
learn how to roll step back use your
stamina it's not that hard especially if
you use a gaiden if you have to
a guy use a guide the only time I use
the guide is when I get lost or if I
want to find some kind of secret thing
that I don't have
I'm extremely bad at directions games
that don't have mini Maps fuck me up all
right next we have TV or movie I was
hoping that I would add civil war to
this list but I just haven't been to the
movies I literally have no extra time
when I do have extra time it's like
after I've done everything and I'm so
tired I don't want to leave my house so
we're gonna go with TV and we're gonna
go with an old ish one I'm finally
watching Sons of Anarchy the first time
I tried to watch Sons of Anarchy I got
through the first episode and wanted to
kill myself I was like what is this
fucking white-trash bullshit it's so
boring and stupid and irrelevant they're
acting like they're important badass
when it's just like a bunch of old dudes
then I give it another chance like six
months later which is now and it's one
of those things where I actually want to
binge on it but I don't have to binge on
it it's not like the best thing ever
like some fucking Game of Thrones shit
it doesn't grab me in that much but it
is very interesting and I definitely
take back hating it so much I think
bikers are cool but I didn't see the
badassery in the show yet so yeah if you
guys had a similar experience which you
probably didn't because most people just
fucking adore the show give it another
shot try to watch a whole season you
know I like to give second shots to
things that I like absolutely hated
especially if a lot of people like it
because I feel like I might have gotten
off on the wrong foot with it you know
and that brings me to my next section
person I want to fuck the actor Ryan
Hurst or Opie from Sons of Anarchy the
beard the heights the hair the style
he's fucking hot when I first saw him
when he first entered the show I was
thinking like he would be so cute if he
wasn't so fat and then like two episodes
later he's shirtless and he's not fat
and he's like actually kind of buff I'm
like give me some of that shit TV shows
are so much better when I'm attracted to
someone in them and spoiler alert he
also has the hottest girlfriend later on
that wastes all right next we have the
random thing one second this is my
random thing of the month it is a pop
culture shock 1/4 scale Shao Kahn statue
and I am adoring this fucking thing
rubber Tung got it for me and sent it to
me so if you guys saw my mail video from
last week which was on the gaming
channel because my channel was down for
a bit then you already saw this also if
you watched my 20 sexiest girls and
games there was a cameo of him in here
as well not that he's a girl but this is
just so fucking well made and so
gigantic and I just can't get enough of
it Shao Khan is my favorite game
character of all time he's so fucking
this is like the perfect personified
perfect man right here like half nay
kid wearing a mask you guys know I have
the affinity for masks and it's just
like so fucking amazing and it comes
with his head without the mask which you
know I don't like as much but he's still
really cool because he's got the guitar
cotton eyes or whatever he's like cool
he's scary I like scary guys I don't
know and this is just like my favorite
thing of all time that I've ever gotten
in life it cost her over talking about
250 bucks and I am eternally grateful to
him and I'm also getting this year's
version of the Shao Kahn statue it's
like completely different with a
different pose and his eyes light up and
stuff like so fucking crazy I'm getting
that around my birthday and I put five
hundred dollars as a pre-order down on
it because I just love Shao Kahn so much
and now there's one more thing I have to
find and it's a half-scale bust of Shao
Kahn from here up like decolletage but
mail and if I could find that for sale
holy fucking shit I would buy that
immediately I don't care how much money
it cost like so fucking amazing but I
can't find it anywhere to buy and I'm
like sad about it so yeah this is my
random thing and I love him so much
my unless we're probably not least this
month we have this as my fucking girly
item it's Too Faced chocolate bonbons
and it's a whole set of eyeshadows that
smell like chocolate like legitimately
they each have a different chocolate
flavor as their names and they smell so
chokolate so every time I'm putting this
on I'm like oh and actually got this
from Lisa aka dayglo and I've never use
eyeshadow like ever but now I'm doing it
every fucking day and I'm learning to
blend it in better and I'm just like
adoring this product so Too Faced
chocolate bonbons so fucking good dude I
love this thing if any of you guys are
looking for a good like neutral palette
for eyeshadows there is like shiny and
smells really really good definitely
check this out I want to shout out to
Lisa thank you so much girl for getting
me this I didn't even know I wanted it
and I really did and a good things
coming out of it because usually in
makeup if I feel like I can't do
something well I just don't do it and I
stopped trying because I don't really
care too much to improve but when I got
this I was like alright let's give it a
fucking try and I'm blending better
everything looks better here let me give
you a look I don't know if you guys can
see but I'm wearing two of the colors
right now all right guys that's it for
my fucking favorites of this month like
the video subscribe to the channel let
me know what you think of the series
also if you want to post your favorite
of anything please let me know because I
would love to know what you guys are up
to what you guys are addicted to what
you guys like something new
you guys got I want to hear all about
you guys and I love reading the comments
so please post and I hope you're
enjoying the content I promise we're
going to talk about prostate soon I'll
see you guys next month with another
monthly fucking favorites lot bye
