oh so who cares why not do your own
thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to my new merch try on haul I'm
also gonna be showing you guys all the
different types of products that I now
have I'm going through teespring now and
I'll also tell you guys why I stopped
using scrim gear and why some of you
guys might have not even heard that I
have merch because I haven't been
pushing it for the last like six months
so initially I started working with
scrim gear and scrim gear was really
cool at first because they allowed me to
tell them what kinds of designs that I
wanted and then they would take my ideas
and actually use their creative prowess
to come up with something that would
actually look good on a shirt I had two
to three initial criteria for my merch
first of which was that I didn't want it
to look clip arty or low-quality or
amateur you guys know I'm a huge nerd
when it comes to production quality
aesthetics and stuff like that so I
didn't want my merch to portray
something low quality the next thing I
didn't want is I didn't want it to be
just my face plastered everywhere
obviously before this I was a
professional full-time model so I have
tons of modeling photos and I could
totally just narcissistically plaster my
face all over every single shirt and
item but I wanted my line of merch to be
something that was recognizable and
specific to me but wasn't something that
completely precluded someone just buying
it because they liked the design so I
wanted it to be recognizable designs
where my personality and my content
shines through but I also wanted it to
be something that someone could wear if
they weren't necessarily like crazily in
love with me I wanted the designs to
feel more like something that a gamer
would wear something that someone who
likes logic and reason would wear or
Star Trek raging in video games
old-school Atari stuff or something that
kind of has to do with games but doesn't
necessarily mean that you're a gamer I
personally like wearing shirts that are
subtly nerdy over shirts that are
blatantly just like The Legend of Zelda
things where you look at it and you're
like yeah I get what you're saying there
and just things that make a statement
about who you are so while I do have
things like the necklace design which is
just sexy and has my name on it twice
and things like the old school design
that while it's talking about gaming and
Atari it also has something sexy on it
because those things are totally me too
I also wanted to have a few other
designs like the rage design and the
heartbreaker design that are just cute
flirty gaming stuff
okay so scrim gear and I work too
they're to make these designs and in my
contract I was able to use them even if
we stopped working together which we
recently did stop working together and
the reason for that was they were having
this substantial turnaround time the
boxes would come to my house kind of
damaged in the last order that I put
into them for a giveaway winner and a
patron they never received it when I
talked to them about it they didn't talk
about replacing it they just said it was
shipped for sure that to me was
unacceptable so I started trying to cut
ties and then eventually they just sent
me a thing saying our contract was null
and void
basically so while I'm sad the scrim
gear didn't work out I am very happy to
announce that I am now working with
teespring teespring is a platform that a
lot of youtubers use it's basically like
anyone can use it I upload my own
designs I manage my own storefront and I
get to choose which designs go on which
textiles which is really cool they don't
just have shirts and tank tops and stuff
they have beach towels they have pillows
and everything is super fucking
high-quality which is something that I
strive for always aunty spring is the
name you can trust because they're
partnered with YouTube and people like
Philip DeFranco use them so there's no
worry that you're not gonna get your
order and there's no customer service to
help you out
put that long-winded stuff aside let's
go ahead and look at some of my merch
items but first is very hot in here so
let's change out of this into a tank top
which I'm sure you guys will appreciate
because there's no boob window here
before we do that though this that I'm
wearing right now is a unisex size small
sweatshirt with the mint green logic and
reason design on the front and I like
this one even though it's unisex and
doesn't fit me super tightly because one
of the only styles of today that I
actually like is the cut off sweatshirt
look so I'm thinking about actually
cutting off the sweatshirt and making it
like a belly showing shirt that I wear
with high waisted leggings I'm actually
gonna do a whole nother DIY video about
what cool things you can do with my
merch anyway this is the mint-green
logic and reason on a woman's flowy tank
size medium I got the size medium and
the raid shirt the other day and I was
wearing it and I've decided that I'm
gonna go for small they do say that
they're flowy and they're supposed to be
flowy but personally I prefer my
see-through ish tank tops to be a little
bit tighter let's go ahead and try these
bad boys on another cool thing about my
merch is that my pixelated heart is on
the back of everything that has a back
so whether it's t-shirts tank tops and
even pillows you have the pixelated
heart on the back and the cool thing
with the pillows is that you can turn
them all around and then you just have a
pixel heart collection also it's
important to note that all these designs
you see here come in a bunch of
different styles obviously they also
all the different sizes and a bunch of
different colors even the pillows come
in different sizes and colors this one
is the smallest one I think it's 16 by
16 and it's in like the the royal blue
color but you can get that design in red
black whatever you want the boob height
pillow which you guys might remember if
you guys followed me on Twitch last year
this was my band emoticon and I decided
to turn it into a pillow as well as
socks I'll show you guys the socks later
they're actually currently in the wash
right now but this pillow is 20 by 20
and it's absolutely soft and cute and
amazing and I can't even believe how
crazy vibrant the colors are like it's
printed so perfectly it's like it's made
for it so as you can see this is the
flowy tank it actually is really flowy
it's kind of tight on my tits but that's
because I got big tits and I would say
if you want these a little bit tighter
go size smaller
the design is vibrantly printed even on
colored clothing by the way guys I think
this is a good time to interject and let
you guys know that if you click the link
in the description for the next two
weeks you'll be getting 15% off my merch
and that's up from the usual 10% off
that I give and most of my youtube
videos for my merch if you guys happen
to be watching this video two weeks late
and you still want to buy some merch
I'll also post the 10% off link in the
description the next one we have here is
the grey rage design I love the rage
design because up close you can see that
it actually says fuck shit bitch with
little asterisks and those words make up
the gaming controller which is pretty
ambiguous so you don't really know it
kind of looks like it might be a Super
NES controller but it's just like a
basic design so it doesn't really matter
if you're a Nintendo fanboy or an Xbox
fanboy or what have you and as you guys
know if you've ever watched me play
Starcraft League of Legends and
especially stuff like Dark Souls I
definitely am one who is prone to raging
but it's not the kind of rage where
you're gonna break stuff I'm actually
not angry I'm just emotive so far this
is probably my favorite one I love it
because it's a little bit see-through if
you get something that's grey or lighter
it's gonna be slightly sheer which i
think is really fun with or without a
bra because you can see a little bit
through it but not too much for it to be
like illegal I personally think that the
flowy girls tank is super flattering and
I think it wouldn't look too weird if a
guy was wearing it I know I just got
this one in yesterday and J was saying
how he wants to wear it but if you're a
guy out there and you're worried about
the flowy tank and you think it won't
look normal we do have the regular
unisex tank tops which are very much
geared toward men women can wear it too
but it's definitely going to fit better
a man's physique I think this is a
medium it doesn't get much smaller than
that and it's probably not gonna show
decolletage and cleavage as much as this
one will oh wow the unisex heart burger
tank isn't that bad on me it actually
fits kind of nice it's like form-fitting
pleasantly surprised that I can actually
vouch for this as a female bot product
and then we have the necklace design
which is a favorite among many people I
put this on a bunch of different
brighter colors that match the whole
feel of it a little bit better because I
liked that better than putting it on
like a white shirt so we've got it in
like royal blue light blue purple I
think there's a light blue I'm not sure
so if you want something that's just
straight out sexy that screams like
boobs tongues lips Tara Babcock but
you're not necessarily a gamer that's
probably gonna be the one you're gonna
want to buy the most as well as having
the heart on the back all of the designs
have my signature at the bottom it's not
my real signature because my real
signature is just a bunch of scribbles
as you guys know if you're in the $15
tier on patreon and get the monthly
fucking autographed images I apologize
for that but I think this just looks
really cool it's just a signature that
says Tara Babcock less than three here's
the second biggest pillow and I think
this on orange is really cute you can
also get it on mint green or darker
green the socks are actually pretty
thick and it'll definitely fit any foot
size because I have small female feet
and Jay has actually like gigantic feet
I think his shoe size is actually like
14 or 15 or something so it definitely
fits everyone and then finally I wanted
to show you guys this shirt this shirt
is special because I put it through the
wash to make sure that it's like really
a steadfast Inc J wore this one two days
ago and he really loves it it's really
soft material of course with the little
pixelated heart on the back like always
and I think that this one is one of the
few designs that actually looks okay on
a white shirt or a white tank top the
ink held up pretty well it's really soft
it's not something to wear you're gonna
pull it and like rip some kind of decal
on the front it actually seems like
it'll hold up pretty well the end of
this I want to thank Jay for modeling
some of my merch as always I want to
thank you guys for checking it out and
watching this video and I think I'm
gonna choose my favorite right here out
of all the stuff that I got here and I
think it has to be either my hyped socks
or the hi pillow I didn't put the design
on a shirt this time because I felt like
this is an emoticon it should be more on
like something like a throw pillow
as with emoticons on Twitch she kind of
just throw it into the chat and see how
it goes as an accent kind of thing so
that was the idea behind not putting it
on a shirt to end this I want to say
that if you guys have any ideas or
anything
you want on any kind of product please
let me know I do want to do hats but
right now tea spring is an offering hats
and they're also not offering leggings
or shorts so any other requests like I
like this with a blue background this
shirt to come in X color I might be able
to hook you up and do that for you and
as a very last note if you guys are
familiar with T Springs some people will
do teespring campaigns where they only
last 20 days and at the end of 20 days
that's when everything ships if you get
the certain amount of targeted products
sold for me everything is printed in
three days and shipped out when I get
one order so you're never gonna get your
money back in 20 days after you've
forgotten you even bought the product
everything will always get to you within
I think 10 days max and again if you're
watching this when the video is more
than two weeks old you can click the 10%
off link and that's a link for anyone
always if you find my merch through my
youtube channel thank you so much for
watching and I will see you in the next
video live long and penis
Oh
