oh so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
what's up guys welcome to a new episode
of Friday night mail today we have
exclusively a Christmas card take a look
at it enjoy it because that's all we
have for today's F&M we only have about
an hour or less of light left but in
that time we are gonna do the most
in-depth review or appreciation of a fan
card for Christmas I have ever gotten by
far so it should be fun I also have
about 5 questions instead of the
original 3 because I don't want to make
this like a 5 minute video
let's go ahead and go over the letter
before we get into the questions and
announcing the winner this week I want
to give this card all of my attention so
the first thing I see about this card is
that it's got a little Christmas tree
it's very cute very simple design but
it's all sparkly I think those sparkly
things that are supposed to represent
Christmas lights but it kind of just
looks like it's sparkles which is cool
on top of that we have my favorite of
all time postage in fact I actually
tried to buy it for myself it's the live
long and prosper Star Trek one this is
actually the inspiration to my design
for my logic and reason merch which is
really cool so I absolutely love that oh
turcotte was able to get one of those
forever stamps and use them on this card
onto the back we have a mostly green but
a little bit of white back it looks like
the post office didn't handle this very
well and to that shame on you guys by
the way I also hope that the sound is
good enough on this I'm trying my fuzzy
cover over a shotgun mic that's a little
bit farther away from me so it's not
like right next to my face if I can
figure out an easy setup like this I
might be able to do FM in other videos
outside or in different places so this
what is interesting it could be a little
bit lower quality so I apologize for
that I hope you guys enjoy it let me
know all of your thoughts concerns and
criticisms down in the comments as
always moving on let's go ahead and open
this so we're gonna take
there's an airplane the same things I
hated when I was modeling about shooting
outside are the things that I hate about
filming outside some things never change
okay okay let's open this thing up
inside we've got a matching Christmas
card how cute it's a larger version of
the green Christmas tree which is done
in like a clip art style but kind of a
cool style where the color of the
Christmas tree comes outside of the
lines so kids if you color outside of
the lines don't feel bad some art
actually relies on the color being
outside of the lines of the arts art is
subjective be yourself
oh it's from Dave from Detroit comic art
I thought it was oh not deed I should be
able to recognize Adi right he says
hello Tara this is Dave from Detroit
comic art I wanted to send you this and
say thank you for the video coverage of
the helmet if you guys didn't see it
it's the helmet that says Babcock on the
front with the red star that was really
fucking cool it was the first FM I ever
did here in Vegas absolutely amazing I
will be posting Dave's link to his Etsy
page down in the description so if you
want to buy yourself a customized
helmets my helmet also had Pikachu on
the side it was really cool go ahead and
do so he says we can only hope here that
you were as pleased as we were of the
vlog thank you for the great review and
we wish you and yours a Merry Christmas
and happy holiday season thank you Dave
I appreciate it I did really love the
helmet at far exceeded my expectations I
had no idea what to expect when you said
you were gonna send me one and I
appreciate the time that you and your
team took the rest of the card says in
printed letters we wish you the special
gifts of the holiday season peace joy
and lasting happiness
sincerely David T Detroit comic art and
there it is and all of its glory
criticizing the creator of the card and
not David himself I think that the two
different fonts here take away from it a
little bit and I don't like that as much
but otherwise it's a beautiful design
and I like it a lot it is from the
company habitat.org here they are
together I really like the matching card
an envelope this company and David went
the extra mile but my favorite part of
course is Star Trek postage thank you
for being the only contribution to this
week's F&M and don't think of this as
complaining over the last two years I've
gotten way more than I deserve in my
opinion and I'm always shocked when
there's a lot of stuff this was kind of
nice because we just get to sit here and
answer questions kind of like a calm
before the storm of Christmas - isn't it
nice however that I can sit here
in shorts in Las Vegas in the middle of
winter and not be too cold it's pretty
cool it's one thing I really do like
about this state's about this city about
the deserts and it's fresh too I was
worried that I would miss a lot of the
freshness of Seattle but you do get a
lot of freshness in winter and at night
so I am a happy camper here and I think
it's great and we do get rain sometimes
okay so the winner of this week's
giveaway is my friend Zoe Zoe Vee
congratulations Wow
I hope you enjoyed the $25 Amazon gift
card if you guys want to sign up for
this week's giveaway you have a choice
of either a $24.99 subscription to my
twitch channel which which also gets you
access to the entire Tara Babcock
discord except for the patrons Channel
get to use my emoticons I think I have
like 10 of them on Twitch on any channel
not just mine or you can choose the $25
Amazon gift card which in my opinion
would be second choice even though I
spend so much money on Amazon like
everything I buy is on Amazon other than
clothes so anyway yeah if you want to
sign up the link to that will be in the
description good luck guys
let's get into the Q&A we don't have
much brightness left it's getting pretty
dark it's like 4:30 and I also have to
finish editing this so yeah J wanted to
wake up then take a nap blame him and
you can blame him over at twitch.tv
slash jo5 link will be in the
description all right Zak plays says
question how do you feel about gender
and sex not intercourse obviously I
personally feel that there is a
difference sex is biology but gender is
in your head but do they align most of
the time but I'd like to hear your
opinion on the matter it keep making
your great content smiley face green
hearts thanks Zach place for the
question I think most people know my
stance on this as a libertarian I don't
care at all what people do or how people
identify themselves but I personally
find it pretty silly to stray from sex
being the exact same thing as gender
while some people will argue that gender
and gender roles are a social construct
a lot of it is based in biology and how
we have evolved evolutionarily to
interact with each other we're different
male and female and I think it's silly
to care so much to create these other
genders because in my opinion your
identity should never be that closely
related to something as unimportant as
gender I think everyone is an individual
and if you just base your self-worth and
your identity wholly on superficial shit
like
gender or race then you're selling
yourself short because you have so much
more to you your hobbies your strengths
your weaknesses your talent and here is
where I get a little bit more
controversial I don't think that anyone
should ever be forced to recognize your
silly genders if you are biologically
male you can't expect everyone else to
call you like other kin or something no
one's gonna remember it no one should be
forced to call you anything but you have
the right to act accordingly and not be
friends with people who won't
I personally am fine with calling a
transgender guy he and calling a
transgender girl she and what I mean is
whatever they want to be called oh and
it goes beyond he or she and it goes
into they it's like something that no
one has practiced that is not intuitive
and that on a biological level makes no
sense to us so to assume that people
should just be easily doing that as
easily as you and your LGBT friends do
is absurd and it also goes against the
liberty of that person those are my
thoughts you're completely free to post
in the comments if you disagree with me
I'm not as liberal as the left where I
say that oh anything goes I will do
anything to make you feel like you are
respected but I also don't go as far as
the right will to miss gender someone
like Blair white who really does pass as
a female just for the sake of making the
point that she's still biologically male
which most people who believe in science
will agree with murali banila asks
question how often do you masturbate I
masturbate like three or four times a
week
I don't usually masturbate alone though
I masturbate with J I like mutual
masturbation and if I'm really tired or
if I'm on my period or something it's
fun to just sit back and watch some porn
or not have to do a lot of work that
being said sex is still my favorites I
will always take sex over masturbation I
know there are a few people in the world
that don't feel that way and I feel like
we could eradicate all of those people
not in like a Nazi way but in like a
let's inform people way by teaching
people how to be better in bed to
empathize with their partner and try to
please them while also pleasing
themselves and it will just be overall
better sex with more communication
doctors doing 11:30 says a question do
you drink do a drunk vlog or video so
I've actually done one or two drunk
vlogs on this channel and I have a whole
series of doing drunk streams on the
gaming channel a link both of those in
the description so if you want to watch
me get super drunk and play Dark Souls
and stuff like that that will be there
that being said the drunk streams are
the only times in the last few years
that I've drank I don't drink I don't
like to drink I don't like psychoactive
substances like drugs I'm
really against for myself marijuana
obviously I think the war on drugs is
retarded and things should be legalized
and people should make those decisions
for themselves but for me personally I
don't like it people who drink a lot of
alcohol have a lot less lean muscle mass
having one night of an alcoholic binge
can ruin all of your gains for the week
and so personally I don't really like
guys that go out and binge a lot because
you can tell they're less virile than
the men who don't also being around
drunk people if you're not a drunk
person is like oh awful thank you for
the question
all right guys we've got two more let's
do it we are losing Sun but I can still
see myself here on the viewfinder that I
have set up so that's good
Daisy snow says question I'm curious to
hear your thoughts on August Ames as
death she got a ton of heat for being
homophobic would you consider what she
said is her body her choice I absolutely
100% believe that it is her body her
choice and what she said Wow it was kind
of abrasive I can see how it can be
abrasive it was just kind of rude and
unnecessary to put out in the public on
social media
it was also rude to her agent and I
can't imagine as a former model as a
former full-time model to ever be mean
to my even non exclusive agents get out
of here
get out of here I'm so afraid of bugs in
Vegas because I have no idea what they
are they could be like fucking murderous
like I knew in Seattle that there was
really nothing we had wolf spiders but
you had to like go into the wild to get
attacked by them anyway back to the very
serious topic and very sad topic of
August Ames's death I have controversial
opinions on this I don't think that
she's necessarily homophobic but even if
she were homophobic I think it is
absolutely 100% her choice not to sleep
with someone even if it's based on
bigotry her body her choice does come
above all else as does her freedom of
speech so she wants to be rude on the
internet or less tactful on the internet
that is 100% of her choice all right
we're at 30 that should be a little bit
better if there's a lot of fuzz in this
video I'm sorry I'll have the settings
better next time I'm actually using a
different camera than usual because I
had to send my camera down to the shop
because HDMI plug and just completely
broke out of nowhere anyway so we're I
don't agree with other people because
I'm such a proponent of freedom of
speech I don't agree that the onus is
that all on anyone who bullied her or
actually bullied her let's take away the
quotations the people who told her to
kill herself the people who were mean I
honestly did not believe at all that it
was their fault while it is sad and
while the world did lose a very sexy
porn star and probably a cool chick it
is sad
only person who chose to end the life of
August Eames is August Eames now this is
where my opinion gets a little bit dicey
and I'm not gonna get fully into it
because I feel like this could turn into
like a 40-minute video the light for
which we do not have if you guys want me
to make a video on suicide an updated
video on suicide I'll do it reluctantly
but if that's what you guys want let me
know in the comments I personally
believe in people's right to die I
believe that it's an incredibly selfish
thing to do I believe that usually it
will get better in life is worth living
but I am a nihilist and as a nihilist
I can't really feel bad for her for
ending her life because she doesn't feel
anymore there's nothing going on with
her anymore
and I know a lot of people will this
really be like death this is the biggest
thing ever death is the scariest thing
ever and not just how you get to death
like the pain before it but death
afterwards but that to me is just
entirely illogical and you kind of have
to fight against the urge to be like no
no I want to live over all else I'll
lose all my limbs I'll be an anvil it'll
do anything just to live that's
biologically built within us so that we
do have the drive to survive but when
you think about it logically and
rationally the only people who are hurt
by her death it's not her it's the
people around her the people who loved
her the purveyors of her arts the
watchers of her porn the factors to her
porn her family her friends and the
people in the entertainment industry
people that she left behind and that's
why I believe that it is a wholly
selfish act one that I believe you
should have the right to do but for the
sake of the people that you love you
shouldn't and I think it's a little bit
ridiculous for someone who has such
depression issues to say something
controversial online to engage in a
profession where she knows that she's
gonna get hate whether it's just for her
lifestyle choices her career choices or
whatever else so I feel like it would
have been prudent of her to get off
social media altogether to block the
people who were being rude to her and
just spend time with her husband her
family her friends take time off of work
and just get her head right I know it's
hard for people who are in this
situation and have never been in the
situation to have compromised mental
health I didn't have a bad childhood I
don't know what she went through so I
think a lot of you guys are gonna think
this is heartless this is my honest
opinion I'm not trying to say that the
people who were rude to her art assholes
and then it is a smart idea to watch
your words on the internet or at least
be factual and nothing more like there's
no reason for you to be rude on top of
being
correct or your version of correct or
speaking your minds I think you can
voice that you are very very angry at a
person's opinion without losing the
argument by being a fucking asshole
I'm not much of a troll I mean I'll
troll sometimes when I feel like someone
is completely lost and they're spewing
vitriol at me first so I'm just like
fuck it there's no reason to waste my
time on this person will have a little
fun by trolling them and I haven't just
told people to kill themselves online
I've never gone after someone and
attacked them especially not for their
views because I respect everyone's views
I can empathize with every point of view
literally every point of view that
doesn't mean I think the person's smart
that doesn't mean that I think it's
correct but I think it's important as an
intellectual being to consider all
different sides and to consider what a
personal struggle might be that led them
to feel that way
I feel like this topic requires a lot of
time to just go through everything a lot
of critical thinking a lot of putting
your emotions aside and what I'm saying
it might not be tactful right now maybe
it's too soon but that's just my opinion
I always want to be honest with you guys
last question let's perk it up a little
bit
boosted gaming says question have you
been to a rave and if you haven't do you
want to go to one I have never been to a
rave and I've never desired to go to a
rave I'm not really the kind of party
person if I am a party person it's more
like if I am gonna drink drinking with a
small group of people at a gaming event
or playing games with my friends or
being somewhere where I can actually
talk to people I don't like clubs or
raves or anything that's loud and
requires dancing but doesn't allow for
conversation I feel like the only reason
I would ever engage with another human
being is to have a meaningful
conversation or to have sex with them
and you can't have sex with them in
public and I also think dancing while a
valid art and kind of cool sometimes
depending on the type of dance is
entirely cringy every single time I know
a lot of people are gonna disagree on
that although I can dance and I do have
a little bit of rhythm it's just not my
thing and I'm not that interested in it
alright guys thank you for watching the
video I love you guys so much thank you
David for the wonderful fucking card
thank you everyone for the questions
please post yours for next week in the
comments section all the links will be
in the description whether it's for
David's Detroit comic art ex Detroit
comic art X Detroit comic art Etsy I
fucking can't talk sometimes I'm losing
light as I'm trying to finish this video
holy shit it's so bad quality I
apologize guys I apologize at least it's
not windy so didn't even really need
wind filter anyway I love you guys I'll
see you next week and whether it's
Detroit comic arts Etsy or my drunk
videos all that will be in the
description angie is twitch of course I
love you so much thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you on Monday or
Tuesday with either uh politics video
something fun and sexy or Tara Reid's
comments depending on how much time I
have to edit wow you guys are fucking
amazing Oh bye guys
