hey guys I just got done recording from
my other channel a video called my 20
sexiest girls and games this is my
opinion I think it's a really cool video
so if you guys want to check it out
it'll be on the gaming channel in an
hour oh I don't know why I needed to
take a breath so bad but I did anyway
today we're gonna talk about why I don't
smoke weed and I'm gonna give you guys a
bunch of stories from my past about my
weed smoking cuz I've smoked a lot of
weed in my life but I don't do it
anymore I honestly haven't been a bitch
to a weed smoker for probably like 10
years now even though I have smoked in
the last year just once or twice and
honestly I have nothing against weed I
think if anything should be illegal it
should be alcohol not weed and I don't
really have a strong stance on whether
or not either of those should be legal
or illegal I don't have anything against
people who smoke weed recreationally or
medicinally I think there are a lot of
good things to smoking weed and I don't
think it's some dangerous harmful like
terrible thing literally everything we
do in life has side effects and things
that you don't want to happen to you
even aspirin aspirin is actually one of
the more harmful and scarier drugs when
paired with things like alcohol and weed
and things that just aren't that harmful
but for me personally I just don't like
smoking weed there's things about it
that I don't like and I'm gonna tell you
a few stories as so why I don't like it
I feel like for me it definitely depends
on my mood if I'm in like an amazing
mood I can have a great time smoking
weed I can have tons of laughs I can
think about tons of new ideas I get the
munchies and I enjoy it and it's just a
fun time with friends and stuff in fact
one of my most popular videos on this
channel entitled like the best sex ever
or something like that is about me
talking about having sex with Jay when
we were high I really enjoy high end
drunk sex just not too high or too drunk
it definitely enhances it but if I'm at
all feeling like I'm in a bad mood or
I'm pushed into a corner I have like a
really bad reaction to Whedon it's
anywhere from like just paranoia to like
absolutely loathing my life until I'm
not high anymore so the reason I'm
bringing up this topic is because a lot
of people asked me in the comments like
literally every video are you high do
you smoke weed especially with the
incursion of the Tobii video that I had
to make a couple weeks ago where I talk
about the illicit drug use with him a
lot of people started labeling me and
drugging and stuff and that's like not
at all the case but first let's talk
about my first time smoking pot okay so
I was like 12 or 13 years old and I was
with the guy Casey who I lost my
virginity with and we found this little
baggie on the floor and we asked around
and our friend said
that's pot and we're like that's
interesting let's try to smoke it so our
friend who was a few years older than us
showed us how to make that little like
pop can bomb where you like bend it down
and then like poke the carbon and poke
the holes and stick it on top and suck
through the place where you would drink
there right and we tried it and
literally nothing happened I think the
like water got to it because you know we
live in Seattle and it's really rainy
and there wasn't very much left in the
first place but after that we were kind
of curious to try it again and that's
when I started to become a habitual pot
smoker I smoked pot literally almost
every day from the time I was 13 to the
time I was like 15 or 16 and half the
time it was really fun and I would laugh
and I would have a great time but then
the other half at the time I would just
feel really gross about it so there was
one time I was sitting on the couch with
my friends and I wasn't in a good mental
state because I was having fights with
my boyfriend but I was there with my
other guy friends and I was just sitting
there thinking like oh these people are
fucking pathetic why am I here I'm doing
something so pathetic and then I look in
the mirror and it's like a fucked up
mosaic of my face and I'm just like oh
I'm so fucking ugly and like every
little imperfection I could see and it
was just like a huge downer so I left my
friend's house and walked home and while
I was walking home I started to feel
like a lot better because I feel like my
mood kind of changed and like the
scenery was so fucking beautiful in the
clouds in the sky and the smell of the
rain everything was so much more lucid
than normal and that's something I do
love about smoking pot I feel like I can
focus more on one certain thing and I
see the details and things that I
wouldn't actually stop to smell the
roses for I also feel like what I'm
smoking pot if I'm in a bad mood a lot
of the insecurities that I don't
actually have just like come out and
like bite me in the ass
and all of a sudden the confident and
strong person that I've always been
who's always sure of herself turns into
this like muddling pile of goo and I can
totally understand what a lot of people
feel about their body dysmorphia issues
and just feeling unattractive and
unhappy with their lives and then as
soon as I snap out of it or I get in a
better mode it's like completely gone
it's really weird and if I'm in the bad
mood I end up dwelling on things that
like aren't really that big of a deal
like homework or fights with my parents
and things just freak me out and i often
get very paranoid like i think i'm gonna
die like logically i know that no one
ever just dies from weed alone but I'm
sitting there hyperventilating with my
heart pumping out of my chest thinking
I'm gonna die because I'm just hearing
the beats of my heart better than I
usually would or at least that's what it
feels like and
time I was smoking pot with Jay and it
was one of the first times that I we
started hanging out and we were with his
friends that I've never really liked so
that's probably where the bad mood came
from and like they were laughing about
something really fucking stupid and I
had this like moment of clarity and this
is the only time since I've met Jay up
until now which is like fucking 11 years
now that I ever found him unattractive
but he they were like laughing at
something so fucking stupid and I'm like
these people are fucking stupid and then
he was eating pizza and he like laughed
and like spit pizza on me and I was like
what the fuck and it was like the worst
moment of being high ever in my entire
life and I think from then on I never
even gave his like friend a chance and I
stopped smoking pot from there on for a
while because the bad times are pretty
bad and I'm not saying like I'm having a
bad trip that I can't snap out of kind
of who's snow genic shit right it's not
like that I'm just saying I get in a bad
mood and I become kind of bitchy and I
just don't like my surroundings when
generally I would love my surroundings
and have a great time and any like small
nuances that I didn't like I would just
be like who cares
so I guess kind of like overanalyzing
but um there's the time I had sex that I
was talking about in my video the best
sex ever and I'll actually post a few
videos in the comments where I'm high
because there have been a few in the
last couple years since I made this
channel but that best sex that I had
when I was high was so fucking good
because I feel everything more intensely
and I can pinpoint different places
where pain and pleasure are being felt
and it's just a lot so fucking good so I
kind of have a love/hate relationship
with weed in the videos that I'll post
in the description a lot of people were
saying that I was faking it that I
wasn't that high that that's not my
reaction but sometimes I just can't
fucking stop laughing and that's just
how I am and I'm not faking anything I
literally can't fake anything if I tried
I'm a terrible fucking actress never
wanted to be an actress because I just
feel like it's so embarrassing and so
phony to act a certain way when you
don't feel that way you know like I'm
very transparent and blunt about my
feelings and it's very hard for me to be
anything but that so the last time I
smoked pot was about a year ago maybe a
little less and it was big as my friend
Jesus who's like a huge stoner and he's
the only reason that I've gotten high at
all in the last like three years but in
between rounds at a magic tournament he
wanted to go outside and smoke weed and
Jay wanted to go with him because Jay
likes weed so we went out and I was like
fine I'll do it too
I take one hits in the car and it was
just like boom and I was high as fuck
and I was like holy shit I have to go
play fucking magic and it was like
giving me the most anxiety ever and like
people are constantly staring at me when
I'm out in public like everyone is
looking at me or glancing at me or like
judging me and when I am high and I'm in
a public place I can feel that like
fucking sun rays beaming down on me and
it actually bothers me instead of just
being like huh that's funny I'm aware of
it but I don't give a shit so I'm like
they know I'm hi oh my god what am I
gonna do and I just imagined myself like
falling over myself and dying and the
worst thing fucking happens I actually
get into it with one of the guys I'm
playing magic with and this is one of
the only times that I've ever been
treated poorly in the magic community
some guy was like being really
misogynistic to me I don't exactly
remember what happened but he was
implying that I couldn't count my life
totals or I couldn't remember my life
totals because I was dumb or a girl or
something like that and it was really
like what the fuck dude so I argued him
like crazy about whatever fucking ruling
was supposed to be whatever and I don't
even remember if I was right but I was
intensely arguing this guy and then we
call over a judge and I end up getting
the ruling in my favor because this guy
is just so like taken aback by the fact
that I'm sticking up for myself so much
and I'm like no this is how it was you
are fucking wrong and I don't know if I
was cussing I don't remember what was
happening but I remember being like Here
I am
superwoman Tara out to fix all in
justices in the magic community but
after that I was like fuck this I don't
enjoy feeling this way so I'm just like
not gonna do it another one of the
reasons why I don't smoke pot is because
I really enjoy my lung capacity and I
have a hard time doing cardio as it is
and I feel like anything that burns your
throat the way that we eat our
cigarettes does just can't be good for
that and makes me feel tired more often
I also don't think munchies are very
good for my figure and I just overall
want to feel like I'm a person who
doesn't have a crush on any kind of
drugs or alcohol and I honestly don't
need drugs or alcohol to loosen up at a
party I'm pretty much just the most open
person ever I don't need it to like get
rid of my inhibitions or to relax and
for me it just makes sense to be
completely clean that's not to say that
if you choose to be a pot smoker even if
it's all the time that that's the wrong
choice or that there's anything wrong
with you or I look down on you in any
way it's your own fucking choice and
that's basically my point and
midst of everyone saying that we just so
amazing especially because it's so legal
here now I just don't do it
so yeah if you guys are wondering why my
eyes are so red it's because I work a
fuck ton literally everything I do
throughout the day is either staring at
computer screens or staring at bright
lights let me show you what my light
looks like you can see it's like a big
ring light can see it in the glasses so
yeah I have that light and then when I'm
streaming I have the light behind my
monitor that lights at my face for my
webcam even when I'm doing makeup I have
a vanity light that's shining in my face
I don't wear circle lenses anymore cuz I
want to limit the amount of pain I give
to my eyes and I wear gone your glasses
as much as possible when I'm looking at
computer screens and it actually does
help and I also have to remember to
blink a lot because apparently when you
stare at computer screens you blink a
lot less and that can contribute to eye
strain and dry eyes I have computer
relief eye drops that rubber tongue buys
me and I'm basically just trying to make
my eyes go back to normal even when I've
taken like a week off my eyes get a
little less red all the time but then
they still are red and I've actually
looked into going to an eye doctor just
to make sure everything's okay because
in the past I have done a lot of tanning
and tanning beds and I didn't always use
eye protection and I want to make sure I
protect my eyesight because I love my
eyes and I love my eyesight and I would
rather just have pearly white eyeballs
and pretty blue irises it doesn't know
that my teeth are so white now so
there's like a huge discrepancy in how
white my eyes are compared to help my
teeth are so yeah that's the story
behind why my eyes are red in every
video no I don't smoke pot no I'm not
high in my videos I don't think I would
do it if anyone offered it to me I don't
think it would do it if everyone in the
room was offering it to me if you guys
are familiar with my Tobi video I
actually stopped doing weed before I
stopped doing the Molly and the Molly
was actually making me throw up perfuse
Lee and have stomach cramps for like
three days so yeah I just half the time
don't like the way I feel on it but I
definitely have a history with it so I'm
not holier-than-thou oh my god drugs are
bad although I do feel like a life
that's not complicated by drugs and
alcohol just feels better feels
healthier and then the same facet is why
I'm a vegetarian slash vegan as well
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
video I hope it gave you some insight
into that please let me know your
experiences with weed how you feel about
weed and how you feel about its legality
have you ever felt the way that I feel
when I'm smoking weed because I feel
like a lot of people just think that's
crazy I think it's a general consensus
that when you're smoking weed you are a
happy chill laid-back person but
me it's not really like that all right
guys like the video subscribe to the
channel I hope you enjoyed and I will
see you tomorrow with another video
probably either the prostate video I
talked about two videos ago or my first
ever monthly fucking favourites a new
series I'm super excited about bye guys
love you stoner or not
