hey guys I'm back on my vlog Channel I'm
so excited it has been almost two weeks
okay so let me tell you where I've been
a lot of you guys are like where are
your videos on your vlog Channel why are
your not uploading on your vlog Channel
well if you have missed anything all of
it is on my gaming channel I tried to
tell as many people as possible I
tweeted it a bunch of times but the fact
is a lot of people don't follow me on
every social network and a lot of people
just weren't looking through their feet
at that time so basically what happened
was my last fan service Friday I'm
having like a tickle in my throat I
don't know why but my last fan service
Friday was taken down for you know
sexually explicit content or whatever
against the Community Guidelines that
was my second strike my second strike
means that I can't upload for two weeks
and my first strike was ending on the
seventh so that's today when I'm
recording this video and yesterday for
you guys who are watching it so I was
really excited to lose my first strike
because having a strike on your account
means like a lot of different things
like you can't get fan funding you can't
put cards meaning I can't like suggest
you guys go somewhere else annotations
are extremely limited and I can't
livestream so I can't do like the
patreon goal live streams for you guys
where I asked to answer questions on
youtube if you guys don't watch me on
Twitch and stuff like that there are a
lot of things that I can't do when I
have a strike on my account and it
fucking sucks and it sucks for not only
my revenue but for growing my channel
and stuff and now I was really excited
to get rid of the rid of that strike
because I was gonna have all the cards
on my videos and everything was gonna be
wonderful again and I was gonna feel
whole again as a content creator but
then I get the second fucking strike so
now I have another six months now it's
two weeks to not upload and six months
that I have to wait for the strike to
resolve which really sucks but you know
I'm just gonna deal with it so that's
where I have been and I've been
uploading all of my vlog videos in
tandem on my gaming channel with the
gaming videos so like it's interwove in
like seven o'clock is the vlogs and
eight o'clock is the gaming videos like
it always is but just on one channel so
if you guys want to catch up on that I
will post all the links to the videos
there as well as the video that I did
called our AP fanservice now let's get
to what's happening with fanservice and
I know a lot of you guys are gonna hate
me on this but I feel like the people
who hate me just aren't real supporters
of me in the first place and think they
are that I should
I should afford them something like I
owe them something and I don't owe you
guys anything I make free content that's
what I do I love doing it it is not
about the monetary gain but obviously I
still have to eat so that's why I have a
patreon just like all fucking content
creators have I've decided to move my
fan service to patreon because if I get
a third strike my content or my channel
is completely gone forever now this is
something I don't want to happen because
this is my my life's work I feel like
it's something I fucking love and if
either of my channels or my twitch
channel had anything happened to it I
would be very fucking devastated two
weeks of not uploading and I was like
having an emotional breakdown for like
two days which is not something that I
do I'm not very emotional and I couldn't
snap myself out of it it was awful I
actually had to you know change some
things about the way that I was doing
streaming and to alleviate some stress
because it was pretty stressful to me
that that would happen and I understand
that the community community guidelines
are wishy-washy so other content
creators can upload like full videos of
porn or like full twerking videos and a
tiny thong and if I upload something
they decide to take it down it's up to
their discretion that's you know part of
the agreement so in some ways I
understand where YouTube is coming from
but in other ways it feels very not fair
just because I have more haters than the
people who are uploading fully nude
content that I have to get punished for
it and it's like whatever you know I
should have known from the beginning and
honestly it was my mistake I should have
never been uploading fanservice
to YouTube so YouTube or fanservice is
now gonna be moved to patreon full-time
if you guys don't know I have a patreon
campaign it's for people who want to
support and get extra content like
superfluous content to the free content
that will always be free and it is
totally up to you
fanservice is gonna be only for one
dollar because I don't feel like
fanservice should have a huge paywall in
front of it I just feel like we should
we doubt the people who are there for
the wrong reasons who feel like I owe
them something and who feel like they
want to objectify me and treat me like
shit now I don't have anything wrong
with objectification in essence but when
someone doesn't also appreciate the rest
of me like my intellect the other
content I make then you know fanservice
isn't for you and I don't
really want you on my fan service videos
patreon is a place where all of the
people who support me and who can afford
to support me one dollar or higher get
extra content and I put a lot of work
into the this extra content that
otherwise wouldn't exist because I
wouldn't have the money to even create
content in the first place
so I don't feel like I have to explain
myself very much I wanted fanservice to
be a way that I could give back to
people who make my dreams possible and
it just makes more sense for it to be on
patreon so that's what I did basically
so a lot of you guys are asking me why
don't I upload it on pornhub why don't I
upload it on Vimeo well these aren't
places where I've made a name for myself
these aren't places where I have an
exorbitant amount of fans so it doesn't
make any sense for me to try to build up
a following on a different website I
want to constrict it to twitch YouTube
and patreon and that just makes sense to
me and it doesn't make sense for me to
start another account on like pornhub
where I'm basically saying that what I'm
doing is pornographic and what I'm doing
is just for fapping or just for like
scrutiny about the sexual when really
what I'm trying to do with fanservice is
to give back to my fans who like really
support me and really love me and to
like put out a message that it's okay to
have fun with your sexuality and you're
not like a stupid bitch or a slut or a
cunt or like a piece of shit if you care
about your sexuality or you care about
the way you look or you have fun with it
and you don't have to feel ashamed every
time you masturbate you don't have to
feel ashamed every time you find someone
attractive and it's like just a body sex
positive message basically so that's
where that is at and I just fucking love
you guys and I want to tell you that I
am so happy to be back it felt so
cluttery to have everything on my gaming
channel and I'm really sorry that this
happened and then I wasn't around for
two weeks around I was around I was on
the gaming channel but um a lot of
things are changing with my stream as
well I'm starting to play whatever the
fuck games I want not just ranked League
because just ranks League literally was
giving me fucking a hernia like it's
it's way too much stress and I was just
like dude I don't have the time if I had
the time to invest in like a PvP game
with a ladder with an East
word attached to it like I would be
playing Starcraft again and I would be
doing it as much as I could and actually
improving but I was I was in this rut I
was in this place where I could only
stream like four hours of league a day
and that's not enough to you know get
really good and then I didn't have time
to like invest in like reading the patch
notes and learning about you know like
pretty much just fucking theory crafting
and stuff like I should have been if I
was actually serious about having a
highly high rank and League and I was
just dressing myself out over it and
like limiting my ability to improve so
really for me I want to be a casual
competitive league player and then just
play a bunch of other games that I enjoy
and this was basically the same
conclusion I came to when I stopped
playing Starcraft competitively it was
like it was taking a toll too much on me
and I wish I could be one of those
people that are really inherently good
at games and you know fucking fast
twitch fibers to the max and just could
be a pro gamer I feel like being a pro
gamer is something that I look upon with
adoration like anyone who can do that
it's fucking amazing but for me I'm an
entertainer I'm a content creator and
I'm a gamer who loves games but isn't
necessarily the best in the world at
them obviously met better than average I
would say but definitely not a
competitive level and you know it that
stresses me out too much like Jay has a
huge competitive nature and that's like
all he wants to do so it makes sense to
him and for him and he has a lot of
extra time to do that but I just want to
create content make you guys smile so
I'm very glad that I'm back and that's
what I am gonna talk about in this vlog
being back what's happening with the
channel so every Friday now is gonna be
Friday night mail which is great because
not only am I still doing fan service
Friday every other week for my patreon
patrons for a dollar as I said before
I'm also unboxing you guys's mail and I
get to like take more time on each piece
you know so like I can actually like if
someone write it reads me or sends me a
letter or whatever I can actually like
read the whole thing comment on
everything comment on the packaging you
know give more thanks when I was doing
it every two weeks now I get a lot of
shit I don't know why you guys are just
fucking amazing to me but um it was
overwhelming to try to edit the
down to like under 25 minutes and one of
the things with the content strike is
you can't have a video over 15 minutes
but YouTube's algorithms are pretty
stupid and it judges that length by size
so a lot of my videos could be like 17
to 20 minutes like the toby turner video
is very long because it was just judging
it on size so 15 minutes but it
definitely can't be 25 minutes plus so I
ended up not being able to upload a lot
of my fans or my Friday night mails if I
didn't cut them down and condense them
and cut out a lot of things where I was
reacting to people's packages and I can
give you guys more time more love and
I'm still doing fan service which is a
little bit more work for me but it's
definitely worth it because you guys
love it so much and I really appreciate
everyone who watches my videos and
doesn't have the money to support me on
patreon it's just something that
everyone has and I don't feel like I
have to defend myself for having
something like that like if you want to
support you can if you don't the free
content it's still there for you to
enjoy and all the comments I still
appreciate them just as much as the
dollars that I get on patreon it's just
another facet of something that I have
to have in order to gain a living and
honestly if someone said would you
rather have Jessica Nigri as patreon if
you guys have seen that shit it's like
fucking $16,000 a month a 60-watt fuck
would you rather have that or would you
rather have you know someone's
subscriber count'
who had like over at that over a million
subscribers I would take a million
subscribers in a fucking heartbeat as
long as they were true subscribers and
not BOTS because I just want more people
to react to my videos I want a bigger
community of people like posting
comments and having interactions with me
and that's what I fucking love about it
and as long as I can make the minimum to
live or like a just a comfortable living
and that's all I want to do you know all
I want to do is fucking make content and
have an audience that keeps growing of
people who feel the same way and we're
learning something or are laughing at
something or you know whatever it gets
you horny whatever makes you happy and
for whatever reason you watch me I
really appreciate you you guys are
fucking awesome and that's all I wanted
to say I'm fucking back baby tomorrow
I'm gonna have a video probably on
prostate some stimulation prostate
stimulation look at the prostate I don't
know the fuck I'm talking about I've
been talking for a while excited patreon
only vlog just before this and I don't
know what the fuck is going on with my
throat like every time I breathe in it
tickles and it's awful and it's been
like that since I ate a sandwich earlier
today so I don't know what kind of
fucking razor blades I had in my
sandwich have you guys played biding of
issac and then um so after birth added a
few more like cut scenes in between
going to different levels there's one
where he eats a candy and there's like
blood and there's like a razor blade in
it just like oh my insides hurt even
thinking about that but anyway I'm just
rambling now I love you guys like
seriously I love you violently and
viciously and you know if love were a
physical item like a mace I would
bludgeon you to death with it and that's
how I feel yeah bye guys I'll see you
tomorrow
what so glad to be back
