hey guys I just got finished unboxing
this Mortal Kombat official fighting
game pad thing it's really cool on my
gaming channel so I'll post a link to
that in the description but today I want
to talk to you guys about the time I got
my teacher fired and I think it was was
it first grade or second grade on my
hundred percent sure but um I was an
evil child when I was younger there were
a few things that I did that I've
already told you guys about like the
time that I stole the hole punch in
preschool for like no particular reason
I just like had this urge to steal the
hole punch and I took it home and I
showed my mom my mom was like you can't
steal shit go bring that back so I
brought it back and when I was about to
put it back in the cubby that it
belonged to I decided to slip it in this
guy's backpack that I didn't like and
kind of frame him for it so it's like
something I did that I was like evil
about when I was younger and then there
was another time
when I was on a field trip and I think
this was in third grade and I had a lot
of like guy friends when I was younger
and I like to make a lot of jokes and I
was just like a fun jokey person and I
had a friend named Cameron who I think I
told you this story as well but not all
of you guys have heard it post in the
comments if you've heard both of these
two stories I know you guys haven't
heard the one where I got my teacher
fired because I've just never told the
story I just recently remembered it when
I was watching a different story time
video but anyway so we were on a field
trip to the zoo and we were just all
hanging out as kids while the teacher
was talking to like the guide or
whatever and my friend Cameron had
dressed in like a full suit with a
clip-on tie to like this place that
you're not supposed to dress like that
too and I thought it was funny and he
was my friend and I thought we were
friends
so I said oh my god you're wearing a
clip-on tie are you also know someone I
said I fucked it up let me fix it oh my
god you're in Kevon tie do you also have
a clip-on dick and my friends thought it
was funny but he ran off crying until
the teacher and I had to go home from
the field trip and that's when I first
discovered that people do not take jokes
about themselves very well and a lot of
people just don't like to be made fun of
and they can't take self-deprecating
jokes they can't make self-deprecating
jokes and I thought that was kind of sad
because I was like dude we're friends
why can't we make fun of each other
that's something that I base a lot of my
friendship on is being able to make fun
of the people that are respect because
they know I respect them that technique
that type of thing and it's funny
because I made a vlog recently and I
talked about this a little bit I think
before but I made
recently with Jay what the fuck is going
off my hair where we were at Costco or
something and some guy was like the way
you treat Jay Omega that reflects poorly
on you and I'm like dude everyone makes
fun of their friends and everyone you
know says cuss words or their friends
they don't obviously mean and then he
was saying that if it was the other way
around where Jay was like verbally
abusing me in a funny cute way that
everyone would be like oh my god you
know Tara so abused or whatever he's a
douchebag but I disagree all of my
friends make fun of me and I make fun of
them and I can laugh at myself and not
take myself too seriously which is one
of the reasons why I do the fanservice
video because like Oh someone's gonna
call me a slut who gives a shit
oh someone's making fun of me because I
you know fell over and I'm a like ditz
or a klutz or something like who cares
it's funny why can't you make fun of
yourself that shows that you have like
an ego or a pride problem and you're not
like down-to-earth if that makes any
sense so let's get into the actual story
I was in first or second grade I just
can't remember which and I had the worst
fucking teacher she was like actually
like objectively a fucking awful teacher
she would yell at the students like
constantly for no fucking reason and one
of those students was of course me and
she was like consistently just like
yelling at the top of her lungs and I
don't remember if she was using curse
words or what not but it was just like a
harsh abuse of her power and it was
ridiculous and um I knew that I had to
tell my parents I told my parents and my
parents kind of liked talked to her
about it she was really nice to my
parents and this woman she was like a
stout like round
evil-looking white woman with like black
hair and these like bespectacled eyes
that like the glasses that make your
eyes look a lot smaller I don't know if
that's nearsighted or farsighted but a
lot of my friends also wear those
glasses and it looks adorable on them
but she was just like the biggest bitch
in the world and clearly like had it out
for every single like young person I
don't know why first or second grade why
the fuck are you being so rude and
abusing your power you're a terrible
teacher why did you even get into
teaching you know so um nothing really
became of me telling my parents and my
parents kind of just shrugged it off
like oh you know like it's not that big
of a deal they'll handle it if it was
something so terrible she would've been
fired by now so what I did is I took it
upon myself to stay out too long at
recess and this was a plan I devised
because I knew that
my teacher would not come out and look
for me like she's supposed to and she
wouldn't take the headcount in the roll
call like she's supposed to
so I purposefully when the call when the
bell rang and everything was whatever
and I was supposed to go back in from
recess I just stayed out and I hid
behind one of the annexes you know like
the the buildings are apart from the
main building and I just kind of like
waited and I waited for like 3040
minutes I thought there was like I had
an inkling that maybe she would notice
that I was gone because I was a
loudmouth and I you know was a very
present person so if I'm gone you're
gonna notice it right especially if I
was there already in class and I'm a
very tiny person I'm a child I'm not
like fifth grade plus where you know I
can take care of myself a little bit out
in the schoolyard on my own um I was
like a baby and so she never came out
and got me and then I went to the door
and this was like like a horror story to
me because I didn't know what to do from
this point on but I went to the door of
the annex where there was like a hair
stuck to my lip that's what I hate about
glossy lip gloss I swear to God but
anyway I knocked to the door and there
was no answer and I like waited and the
door was locked and I couldn't get in
I'm like what the hell so then I like
started actually kind of panicking and
I'm like what do I do I don't know how
to get back into my classroom did they
go on some kind of like guided tour did
they go up to the library like what's
going on
and I guess I found out later that they
did go up to the library but I was stuck
out of class for like two fucking hours
and so I went home and told my parents
and I remember my mom being so fucking
pissed off and like going and talking to
like the principal superintendent where
the fuck was going on there I don't
remember a hundred percent of the story
I just remember that because of that
instance she was just fired because that
bitch deserved to be fired because she
was terrible to the kids she didn't
teach us properly of course there's
people in the hall bitching and shit in
the middle of the fucking night it's
like 2:00 a.m. like why why I really
need a housing a house so bad it's
frustrating it's and there's a baby of
course there's always babies who the
fuck who the fuck raises their kids in
an overpriced fucking 2-bedroom
apartments like I hope you guys can hear
me out there like literally because what
I see people with like giant dogs where
that like there's like 25 pound limit or
less than that in this apartment complex
and I see people giant dogs that need
like free-range too
around and know they're stuck in a
fucking two-bedroom apartment I paint
like fucking 1800 a month or some shit
for this apartment why would you do that
when you can get a house for that amount
and raise your kids in an environment
that isn't like all urban and you know
whatever the fuck I don't understand
that at all so I don't know why there's
so many children here I've also seen
like mother father and two like teenage
boys and a teenage girl and I'm like
okay the teenage boys and girls must be
sleeping in the same bed which is like
at this point in your you know your
fucking experiencing your sexuality for
the first time why would you want to do
that when you are like staying in the
same bed as your brothers and sisters
that's just like something that's so not
normal to me you need your space at that
age in my opinion need your privacy you
need whatever anyway do you like that
rather it was fun yeah and it's not like
oh she's living in a two-bedroom
apartment because she can't afford do
you think this is a really expensive
apartment complex you can go you know
live in a two-bedroom apartment wit
that's like really cheap if that's what
you need to do to save money but this is
an expensive like luxury fucking
apartment complex why would you be doing
that doesn't make any sense so anyway um
I just want to say that since I started
these story time videos I've gotten like
an increase in my female viewership and
my female audience you guys are so
fucking amazing even though you're the
minority in my audience you guys are
like 15% now instead of like 5% which is
amazing and I love you guys so much and
there's so many of you who are like you
know following me on Twitch and watching
my twitch streams and you guys are mods
over there because you guys are fucking
awesome and you're like minded and
you're like oh you know thank you for
helping me you know be more open with my
sexuality and like expressing my
opinions and you know being me and that
just it makes me feel amazing like I
love entertaining the men and I love you
know talking about the man things that I
like like the man interests that I have
and you know appealing to the gender
that I'm most attracted to like that's
awesome but I'm also attracted to women
and I also love women and it's it's like
a novelty to me to have girlfriends
because I don't have many girlfriends in
real life I have like one or two from
high school that just stuck around and
they're like they have a different
personality it's not like you know where
you have like a really strong
personality so all of your friends are
kind of like I talked about the Marlena
girl in my first my first fist fight
video now she was a
that was kind of like just like
emulating everything I do and she didn't
really have a personality of her own
it's really wonderful to see people in
the comments who actually do have their
own personalities and are trying to
figure themselves out and now I feel
like I have a bunch of girlfriends that
I've never had because growing up I
didn't really like girl things and it's
kind of wonderful I love having friends
with both genders and I love appealing
to both genders and I have a girly side
and I have a side that like wants to
show you the makeup that I use and stuff
but like honestly I don't have a passion
for makeup for showing off makeup I
guess like I like doing my own makeup
but it's like a private thing where I
just sit there and I'm like working on
my canvas and it's fun it's not
something that I really want to show off
and I don't feel like I'm amazing at it
especially in a way that would help you
guys but I do have like a certain
specific passion for things that are
girly you know like who Abercrombie
clothes and finding shirts that fit my
breasts and there's a store Lisa who I
fucking love who got me to get a discord
server for some of my patrons and like
she's really cool and really helpful and
she said that I helped her feel sexier
like no one's ever regarded her as sexy
they always regarded her as cute and I
was calling her sexy and she appreciated
that but what was really cool is like
she was saying she doesn't really know
how I'm sorry if I'm outing you Lisa I
love you you're wonderful um she was
saying she does really know how to dress
with like her new boobs or whatever
because she got her boobs done and I'm
like I was like helping her with that
and that's something I geek out about
like knowing that you're not supposed to
wear really baggy shirts with big boobs
because it kind of makes you look more
round or you know like dressing a
certain way that flatters your the rest
of your figure well so showing off your
boobs in a way that you you know feel
comfortable with like all that stuff is
stuff that I've experimented with in it
it's kind of like a geek out on things
that you shouldn't geek out on type of
thing so it's really wonderful to have
female fans I love you so much and I'm
sorry if you're a guy here who's just
like what the fuck is she talking about
something I wanted to run by you guys
real quick is I want to start a series
called fucking favorites now a lot of
girl channels do like favorites of the
month videos and I I'm not sponsored by
audible like everyone is so I don't
really have a reason to do that I don't
like want to talk about my favorite like
lipsticks and whatever but like a
fucking favorites would be it would
appeal to both of you guys because I
could do like one girly favorite and I
do like my favorite like metal
song that I'm like obsessed with this
month I can do like the game that I
can't put down this month and just a
bunch of like Terra type things
they're like Terra's favors and I can
call them fucking favorites because I
think that would be fun so it'd be like
March fucking favorites or May fucking
favorites and I could talk about like my
favorite porn star of the month like the
the porn video I like liked the most in
that month or you know things that are
just the things that I like you know not
necessarily just like oh the TV showed
the movie the song and it's got to be
like something popular like Justin
Bieber
Oh Drake and stuff I don't like you know
so I think that would be kind of cool to
start a favorites video but like a Tara
favorite it's not like just you know
biting off of everyone else I love you
guys thank you so much post in the
comments if you enjoyed this I'm sorry I
got a little rambley near the end and in
the beginning and if you've already
heard the first two stories post in the
comments I'm also sorry that you had to
rehear them but I wanted to put into
context how I was as a child like I
never allowed people to push me around
and I had the sense of humor like in my
um I think it was like second grade or
first grade whichever grade I didn't
have that teacher or maybe it was after
that teacher was replaced but um I
brought in a full script that I wrote
for like a play that I wanted to do on
in the showing - during the
show-and-tell time I wrote like it was
like a 20 page script or something and
it was like a skit that was very similar
to a Monty Python's Flying Circus skit
and it was like amazing and I had a
bunch of kids doing these a lot of the
kids couldn't even like pronounce the
words that were on the play and it was
just something that was like really fun
to me and I was creative and crazy and
weird from like a very young age and I'm
glad that my parents nurtured that so I
could be you know myself and actually
thrive being myself rather than feeling
like I have to be guarded and quiet and
you know demure and like not do things
that I want to do just because I'm
afraid of what society might think of me
I don't ever feel that obligation to fit
into a certain stereotype in a lot of
people go like oh well you are fitting
into the dumb blonde stereotype no I'm
not just because I look like that
certain way I mean like there are a lot
of things that I don't like about that
look like I don't like cat eyes I like
big round blue cute eyes I like being
cute also being sexy there's an
aesthetic and a proportion that I like
to my face like really big lips and a
really small nose and big eyes like
that's just what I like more like
like a better-looking less bitchy Bratz
doll than a Barbie or then you know
Playboy Playmate like that kind of like
I take a bunch of things that I like
from a bunch of different areas and I
put it all together and then I add it to
my own like natural beauty and I just
enhanced my natural beauty and make
myself the perfect Tarab that makes
sense and all that's like it's not
obsessive it's not unhealthy it's just
like fun for me it's what I do so I love
you guys and I will see you guys soon I
hope you like my attack on Titan jacket
and my fucking Legend of Zelda shirt and
yeah I unbox this so link will be in the
description as well as the link to my
first fistfight and yeah I think that's
about it love you guys
subscribe you're fucking awesome bye
