hey guys I have a kind of cool idea for
a video today it's gonna be entitled
celebrities who have rejected me now a
lot of you guys know I'm really open
with sex that I'm really forward about
what I like and you guys know that a lot
of people don't ask me out so I've
always had to take matters into my own
hands
and I want to preface this by saying
that this is just for entertainment
purposes I'm not trying to call anyone
out and I'm not going to give any
information of anyone who has actually
romantically been involved with me or
anyone who's actually had real
conversations with me that might
jeopardize their relationships with
other people or their celebrity whatever
their jobs basically I just think it
would be interesting to give you a
little insight into how I attract men
and you guys can kind of laugh at me
because I fail horribly most of the time
so you guys should stop saying I can get
anyone I want because if I could get
anyone I want I would have Ben Affleck
here right now I hope you guys find this
entertaining and we can together laugh
at me for being so failed so I have a
bunch of screenshots here from the
things that I've sent to guys
specifically well-known celebrity guys
that I never got a response to and I'll
have a screenshot from a text message
that I send a youtuber about a sex
through my head about him that he never
replied to so I kind of got shut down
there as well but I'm not gonna give
away this youtuber because we were on a
texting basis and who fucking needs more
youtuber drama right but no it's not
Toby so anyway let's start out with Ben
Affleck and on the screen there should
be a screenshot of what I sent him on
Instagram a sexy picture of me and I
said you are so fucking sexy you've
always been my main celebrity crush if
you ever want I'm yours
no reply ah I'm fully aware that some of
these celebrities aren't replying to me
because they either don't see it or
because their publicist says it's a bad
idea but really I feel like a lot of
people don't want to get involved with
me because they look at the way that I
look and they think that I'm either
catfishing them trying to get a piece of
their fame or money or I'm going to be
like a huge dramatic nutcase and I think
it's pretty apparent if you've ever
watched any of my videos that I'm just
super open and I enjoy things and I have
my head screwed on my neck which is on
my shoulders pretty correctly I'm not
like one of those Barbies with my head
on backwards so I go around using dudes
for money or fucking up their marriages
I don't fucking know moving on I
actually had a conversation with Jimmy
Simpson who is an actor in a few things
he was in house of cards for a while as
the hacker and I said I wanted to be
friend with him and this isn't someone
that I wanted to sleep with per se it
was more
one who in his acting I felt like he was
really intelligent so I wanted to get to
know him because some people believe it
or not I don't actually talk to just a
sleep with them sometimes I actually
just want to get to know them because
they're interesting this was one of
those times so he actually started
talking to me and I said hey want to be
friends and then I said of course anyway
keep up the stellar work and he said
yeah we can be pals I friend easy what's
your deal man
I just looked at your account are you
famous for gaming and being pretty
you're like some kind of nerd Muse or
something
dope nerd muse I like that and I talked
to him a little bit more then he stopped
replying and I was like what's up with
you and he said something like well I
just get so busy I forget to check my
DMS that is not the truth plain and
simple if you want something you go for
it it doesn't matter how busy you are
it's really easy to respond to a few
texts an I don't even if it takes you a
little bit longer to respond I'm busy -
I like having like two or three days in
between texts to be honest
especially when I'm getting to know
someone so I told him that all that was
fine he can take his time replying and
it's been like three weeks was it
something I said we have one for Reeve
Carvey he played spider-man on Broadway
and he was also Dorian Gray in the
series penny dreadful and I said you are
so fucking sexy we should be friends
no response that is someone I would fuck
and as you guys know I often watch a
series and then get a crush on someone
and then after I get a crush on them I
try to interact with them a little bit
to get to know them because I think that
would be cool and because I want to fuck
them usually didn't work this time next
who we have and this was highly
retweeted and it sparked a pretty big
conversation on Twitter which I thought
was cute a lot of my followers on
Twitter trying to get him to notice me
thank you guys you're wonderful I said
oh my god I would let at Chris Evans do
anything he wanted to me just name the
time place and how rough of course no
response you can get any man you want
Tara no I can't get Captain America or
Batman this one's kind of fun so Zack
Ryder the wrestler messaged me once and
said hey there my roommate is a big
gamer he has a huge crush on you and I
didn't respond here but I added them on
Facebook I didn't talk to Zack Ryder
that much but his roommate did lend me
some magic cards for MTG Oh which was
pretty cool and cute ah bill skarsgård
if you were the real bill I just wanted
to say you were fucking sexy and we
should be friends did not work okay in
my defense with Robyn Lord Taylor I
didn't know he was gay at this point but
gay guys love me why couldn't we be
friends
I said you were so fucking sexy we
should be friends same thing I said to
bill skarsgård this was around the same
time that I was watching Gotham and
Hemlock Grove so I wanted them both is
that a problem no didn't think it was
okay so this one's kind of funny this
isn't a celebrity he's more of a
bodybuilder slash model guy okay so some
of you guys who watch my stream have
heard this story before but there was a
picture he posted of his forearm and his
forearm is extremely vascular because
he's a bodybuilder and it's like giant
and amazing right so I commented on it
and I said is your dick as vascular as
your forearms and he actually sent me a
DM saying lmao I was not expecting a
comment like that and I said haha you
don't get comments like that all the
time blah blah blah anyway you're hot
keep it up he said not like that no ha
ha but hey usually the same you're sexy
as hell I'm in unfortunately I totally
forgot to reply to him and we never
talked again is that what's happening
with all the other guys they're just
forgetting to reply to me I should
probably message him he's one of the
hottest guys ever and last but not least
here's this Xtreme I sent to the
youtuber who never responded to me and
I'll screenshot that as well and blur
out his name at the risk of over setting
a boundary I'm going to tell you about a
rather illicit dream I had last night
involving you so I was hanging out with
you and some of what I assume were your
friends we were doing some weird science
experiments for fun
the female friends left and the other
guy was on the other side of the room
busy with something else you and I
started talking and you were asking me
questions about which vegan food tastes
best then you just started kind of
kissing me hard which was nice and
lasted for a while I could feel you hard
against me which was highly arousing
then you pulled away and said something
about how it was a huge mistake and that
you were already dating one of the other
girls we were hanging with I said
something like sure whatever you want
I won't rape you but then I said but
know this I really want to fuck you do
with it as you may and I woke up
slightly disappointed haha anyway still
enjoy the showed of your content hope to
meet you in real life one day a hug will
do oh man I feel like a lot of people
think that blunts people are overbearing
and there's got to be something wrong
with them but for me that's just how
I've been doing things for a long time
and a lot of the guys that I have slept
with or I have got involved with I've
just sent them shit like that and it
just worked out and at first their minds
were like blown someone could be like
this and then they're kind of like into
it and they like it right but I also
think it rubs a lot of people the wrong
way it makes them feel like I'm some
a predator I mean I am kind of a sexual
predator right not in the whole like
when I'm new in the neighborhood I have
to go to your houses and tell you that I
might fuck your kids kind of way but it
not like I know what I want and I try
kind of hard to get it kind of way so
yeah I hope this was entertaining for
you guys and I also like it when you
guys post in the comments and try to
guess who I'm talking about when I don't
tell you guys who it is so feel free to
do that with the youtuber I love reading
those comments
I like giggle out loud guess to your
heart's content and let me know if you
like this kind of stuff I like being
more transparent with my life but
obviously a lot of things I can't be
transparent about if it involves someone
else because that's kind of airing other
people's dirty laundry or other people's
business when I don't have the right to
do that
but damn if they gave me the right I
would tell you guys everything I like
being honest and telling you guys
literally everything about my life it's
liberating and it comes easy to me so if
you guys ever tried to pursue someone
who didn't know you existed if you guys
succeeded I love hearing good
relationship stories and the moral of
this story is don't worry about it if
someone rejects you or just doesn't know
you exist because it happens to me too
and yeah yeah I know I'm so just look
you can save those comments I've already
heard them and I don't give a shit
because I fucking love myself and my
life wouldn't change it for the world
and wouldn't change you guys for the
world thank you so much for watching
don't reset like the video subscribe to
the channel and let me know if you like
this kind of thing where I give you guys
the nitty-gritty of my sex life and
things see you guys next time don't
forget to subscribe
what
