hey guys welcome to this month's sample
box unboxing as well as this month's
Tara box give away from now on we're
going to be combining my monthly sample
box give away with my monthly sample box
unboxing so you'll get to see all on the
same video exactly what you're signing
up for with the giveaway and you need to
watch me try my choice of e-liquids you
guys excited in these unboxings I
usually like to cover a topic that's
very close to vaping and something I've
been hearing a lot about is exploding
vape pens well vape pens aren't actually
dangerous and they don't explode it's
more about the batteries in them
batteries in general can be dangerous if
you don't practice battery safety so
today I'm going to outline a few tips on
how to keep safe when you're using your
battery and your sub box or whatever you
use if you want more information the
link to the blog post on sample boxes
website will be down in the description
educate yourself and as I always say
don't believe everything in the media
saying that vaping is unhealthy or
dangerous a lot of this propaganda is
fueled by the tobacco companies who
stand to lose a lot of money if everyone
switches to the more healthier vaping do
your own research think for yourself
don't be a fucking sheep number one
don't carry extra batteries around in
your purse or your bag and what not
without a battery case number to make
sure you're putting your battery in the
right way putting your battery and
backwards can be pretty dangerous use
the correct charger don't improvise and
use one of the charges you have laying
around just because it has the same
adapter it might not have the same
voltage it might not fit correctly and
it can just be dangerous also don't use
cheap replacement chargers do not over
discharge your battery meaning don't let
it drain all the way to empty this can
kill your battery over time and it just
isn't good for it this goes for any
device it careful not to build too low
resistance and exceed your amp allowance
needless to say this can end very badly
number six don't let your coils touch
the top cap this could damage your
modern it's also dangerous in the long
run alright guys if you want more
details on the battery safety please
check the description let's go ahead and
unbox but before I do I want to remind
you of my promo code Tara if you want to
become a sample box family member use
that on your first check out money off
is always a good thing and I'm here to
provide for you you're welcome let's see
what we got this month oh yeah it says
we got boosie Judy which sounds like
juicy booty obviously grape Jolly
Rancher strawberry and vanilla french
toast custard apple cinnamon cereal and
milk I'm definitely for all the things
that taste like dessert slam berry
winter mint watermelon wintermint I love
mint as well so I'm excited we also have
a few cards and stickers
to get a few extras and of course our
monthly writing cards inside of this
month's box even looks cute let's take
it off to reveal all of my juices for
the month let's see which one do I want
to try this bottle looks fucking cool so
let's go ahead with liquid ice
wintermint watermelon I always have to
try the men's in the video something
about mint is just like before I load my
sub box up I also want to remind you
guys you can get any level of nicotine
so if you're trying to wean off you can
get a little bit and if you don't smoke
it all and aren't addicted to nicotine
like me you can get zero
do-do-do-do-do-do it's always gotta be
Tara proof doesn't it look at this the
liquids actually pink that's awesome
it's gonna match my sub buck and my
outfit today I feel like a badass I want
to get all my liquids in pink how sick
is the pink liquid moment of truth
definitely water Melanie but I don't
taste the mint as much as some of the
other mint ones
that one was perfect that 0 was perfect
all right guys my unprofessional opinion
on this one is that it's weird how often
watermelon goes hand in hand with mint
and I feel like watermelon is one of my
least favorite fruity flavors so I would
rather it be like chocolate and mint
mint chocolate chip my favorite ice
cream hopefully one of these months I
get one of those anyway like the video
subscribe to the channel and check down
in the description because I will have
all the information on battery safety as
well as the link to the giveaway so if
you want this exact box this month for
free check it out good luck in the
giveaway love you guys and I'll see you
next month for another sample box
unboxing info on vaping and a giveaway
happy vaping
