hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Tara Reid's comments hey I'm up here
that's better you know I do have a face
- haha today we're gonna be reading you
guys's comments and look my hair's curly
this is what it looks like when I had it
in a braid all day and then took out the
braids working out and braids is a lot
better than working out in a ponytail
anyway if you want to see me with my
braids in and definitely check out my
gaming channel cuz I just did the new
honey camstudio video in full braids
link will be down in the description
let's get to this week's debauchery of
comments damn she has beautiful boobs
though though finally you're just a slut
with a brain finally there was no other
comment by this guy by the way that's
just the start of his argument finally
or maybe I've now evolved and instead of
Tara I'm Tara P and I am now a Pokemon
slut that also has a brain before I was
just a regular slut thumbs up for
evolution the Batman over 9000 says I'd
rather finish in the condom because that
is what those things are manufactured
for Andrus says but you were
biologically made to finish inside the
woman a dress has a good point I'm
pretty sure our bodies were manufactured
before condoms work I was manufactured
to take the cum it's kind of a sexy
thought I was made for this you're gross
and make me sick even the people
supporting you you're a disgrace and
crush dreams for others because your
life is messed up hope you have a
horrible life in general
really what I'm fixated on is the two
different yours first you start out with
the perfect grammar and then you have to
regress - you are like the letters Y how
am i crushing people's dreams I'm not
much of a dream crusher maybe this would
make sense if it was posted on one of my
league videos otherwise I'm more of a
dream empower I hope you have a
wonderful life in general fuck you piece
of shit you're a HO bag sacking whore
what is this thing I shout out to little
Lucy his mixtapes and albums are
straight fire I don't know who this dumb
bitch is I just seen her on the twitch
whores video but either way that Lucy is
fire and ovo gang April 29th views from
the six flames as well I'm one of the
six gods disciple what how do you make
up your own pseudo language use there
are other people and they end up
understanding you it's like how does
that work
English is a perfectly decent language
use its ter the type or girl to kick the
shit out of her best friend four views
what type of girl is that I
really never heard of this type of girl
sounds like an interesting fuck also for
view is where you mean those like girl
fight Facebook videos that are in like
bad quality and shot like this
vertically so you have to put some kind
of stupid shit or blackness on the sides
and it just looks awful and you can't
see any of the detail that's gonna fight
a friend on camera for views I would at
least have high production quality also
my best friend is J I would not win that
buy it your low videos are not very
amazing I mean the champ are not the
most good to view I need to play more of
the chance with the tits I think that's
what he means also not very amazing is
still amazing thanks for the compliment
fucking kangaroos it's just like a
lamentation about kangaroos doing some
fucked-up shit and you're like oh
fucking kangaroos or is this like a
status update where you're like Brian
wood is currently fucking kangaroos
either way hilarious shooting or
drifting shooting your how to write the
first time are you insinuating that the
men I let cum on my face don't actually
shoot come but just kind of dribble it
no man my men have to have power behind
their fucking ejaculations it's like
power ejaculate engaged
so I like it quote strike you down with
a fury of a thousand gods and not think
twice
end quote Tara I want to fuck you and
God my fury makes you horny you and that
one other person who liked the comment
you can tell Tara was horny in this
video really how could you tell please
let me know what my tells are of how I'm
horny Oh God
mini story time this reminds me of a
time I was shooting with a guy and the
photographer was so creepy he was
telling me to like stick my ass out in
the doggy style position which is fine
it's like a normal modeling position but
he was telling me to stick it out like I
want to be fucked by my boyfriend
what and then later he was telling me
that he could tell I'm sexually aroused
and that that makes the shoot better
somehow that was like it turned off I
digress oh my god I want that hat so bad
pretty sure that's not how you spell
tits I knew I'm educated perv irony so
bad uh educated Steven sound good what
the fuck this white bitch talking about
black eyes like she likes them I'm happy
I'm Mexican not white cuz Mexicans are
more allowed to like black people fuck
is this comment look at this guys
fucking avatar you are extremely shallow
I'm guessing that the only guys you've
been out with have six-packs and have an
attractive face and big dicks assumed
who I'm glad really is admitting that
all the bullshit you think about me is
assumed because you don't actually know
me for your information only half of the
guys I go out with have six-packs and
attractive faces okay also a six-pack on
a skinny guy is about as impressive as
big tits on a fat girl I am NOT
impressed I'm a list of important
features for a guy six-pack is literally
like underneath a lot of really
unimportant things I'm all about muscle
mass he ends this bullshit by saying
just as long as you get banged and
choked that pretty much sums up my life
I should like change all of my social
network BIOS to dot dot dot as long as I
get banged and choked lay something
about your post is accurate more tits to
more like it's probably accurate yeah I
mean fuck I liked it's more of the
merrier you can stick like an extra one
in here an extra two on the back at
least
have you ever been in a gangbang have
you ever been in a gangbang have you
ever been in a gangbang he really wants
me to see that question so to answer
your question sir no I have not been in
a gangbang
yet and unfortunately I hate guys who
say they'd never taste their own come or
are so scared to eat their own cum like
what the fuck
my right your fucking king cake I like
that call me you're awesome
love you are tits boobs opinion wait a
minute tits and boobs as in you in
general also loving the tan I know I'm
so fucking dark right now if we ever
meet can i fuck your brains out is that
why people think sluts don't have brains
because if they get fucked so hard so
often their brains must fall out it's
pretty ironic thinking that I'm not
smart and you guys are yet you think you
can do something that's not possible
I assure you my brains are still intact
if you could switch your name with
something else what would be your name
come and my middle name would be slut
instead of babcock we'd go choke on cock
come slut choke on cock that's what you
think I would say right now dude I was
younger I wanted my name to be Stacy I
wanted my name to be a cuter girly name
but my mom was a cans hippitty and I'm
like Tara is a really bad name but now I
would like never change my name because
I'm just fucking Tara Babcock and that's
just how it is right and if I was gonna
change it now I'd probably change it to
something like Zelda anyway something
more a serial or gaming related or less
possible more unique recently I posted
something on Instagram and found out the
Zelda is like an actual name before The
Legend of Zelda that Robin Williams's
daughter was birthed before The Legend
of Zelda's first game sounds like such a
fucking imaginary name it was a pretty
blonde moment I was like why is the name
Zelda not copyrighted tbh it's not a
crime to rape especially you really what
the fuck look at you you're the biggest
YouTube slut I've ever seen
god damn you and then this guy replies I
guess such a girl exists everywhere
search for cat jackass out and he say or
something like that
well what listen you are not a man you
have no idea how masturbating affects
men I hope nobody listened to you you
are a witch and you just want some fact
your cleavage
well I would totally bang the issue out
of you though oh god I love you guys
please get rid of the ash blonde hair it
makes your eyes look blood shots my eyes
are bloodshot I work too much I stare at
bright lights all day and screens and I
really sensitive blue eyes also I have
platinum blonde hair also don't you
think it would be more the really really
white teeth that makes them look so red
yeah I would go with the teeth more
magic duck gathering good I'm glad you
cleared that up I was thinking more like
magic tricks look I can make part of my
shirt disappear oh that one was pretty
good wasn't it on a serious note though
I need a bigger place in order to have a
magic set up I like paper magic I don't
like MTG oh so that's basically the
entire reason I don't have more magic
content up on my gaming channel I'm
definitely glad you'd be interested in
it though because I want to do it
sometime in the future Tara you as a
geeky freaky geek freak no arguments
very true quote black guys don't really
have bigger dicks end quote
she erases oMFG cry cry fucking bitch
etc etc wow what the fuck if you
paraphrase me incorrectly about
something that wouldn't even be racist
and then on the flip side if I talked
about liking big black dick a bunch of
like sjw's would come out of nowhere and
be like Oh Tara you're ruining the world
because that big black dick myth makes
it hard for other black men and then
some fucking feminazis would come in and
be like you're talking about sex you're
belittling women I just can't win can i
I always win eventually alright guys I
hope you guys enjoyed this episode of
Tara Reid's comments like the video
subscribe to the channel and make sure
you check out my gaming channel at
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games
where I am starting a new chapter in
sexy gameplays with honey camstudio I
hope you have a wonderful week or a bad
week so you go ahead and post negative
comments on my channel because let's
face it that's the only reason anyone
posts negative comments and it's one
thing to just give an opinion that you
don't like something and it's another to
use words like oh my fucking god I slut
those kind of give you away I will see
you guys in two weeks with another Tara
Reid's comments oh my god it was hard to
pick out comments this week most of the
comments on the vlog channel were just
about the tobyturner bullshit and then
on the gaming channel it was just a lot
of really nice things and suggestions
because I posted the video on you know
helping me improve my channel to make it
something that you guys would like to
watch more so it was just a bunch of
irrelevant bullshit that doesn't matter
and really positive shit and as much
I love have read and have taken into
account all of your advice on my gaming
channel a whole paragraph about how I
can improve while greatly appreciated
is not very great fodder for the series
so hopefully in two weeks this will be a
little funnier and I hope you guys still
got a chuckle out of it love you guys
bye
