hey guys welcome to a new story time
video today I'm going to be telling you
about the first time that I got in a
fistfight I thought this would be kind
of fun and upbeat while also being
interesting this might not be my actual
first fist fight it might be the first
fist fight that I remember but usually
I'm more of a lover than a fighter but I
also have an extreme temper I guess you
would say I I do things that are very
weird and I feel like without hesitation
if someone really fucked me over to the
point where I didn't believe that they
should live anymore
I would strike them down with the fury
of a thousand gods and not think twice
and that's just my honest opinion I
often deal with my my inner bloodlust I
actually have an inner bloodless it's
not hate it's not rage it's not like
someone did something to me and I want
to do something to them it's kind of
just like a
a blood lust that I have inside of me
and I'm not gonna lie people are gonna
think I'm fucked up but what I do often
to to siphon energy for my workouts
especially my cardio workouts that can
be extremely strenuous I think about
being this tiny blonde that I am just
fucking murdering people like literally
murdering people and I think about this
time in my life where I was driving in
the car and I saw a duck a mallard duck
and his spouse and if you guys don't
know anything about mallard ducks at
least this was what I've heard I'm
pretty sure it's true they mate for life
so they were together and they were
crossing this road that is like an on
ramp to the freeway and I saw this
fucking asshole in a goddamn lifted
truck try to fucking hit them and he
sped up to fucking hit them and like I
love animals and I'm one of those people
that like I know you guys are gonna
fucking hate me for this and a lot of
people hate people like this because
they don't fucking understand it because
they are so self-centered but I don't
put the life of a human being just
because I'm a human being on a pedestal
like we are fucking gods because we
somehow transcended and now have
emotions and you know technology and
intellectual prowess that like other
beings don't have I don't like think
that we're better than everyone else and
we can just stamp on any other life that
isn't us I think that's fucking
ridiculous and so fucking stupid and I
can often relate to the more instinctual
side of me that like animals have where
they don't do anything out of spite they
don't do anything out of like malicious
intent because they're jealous and all
of these negative emotions that we
acquired by you know transcending and
being so amazing so like when this guy
did this like I was behind Jay was
driving and I remember like a literally
wanting to just grab his fucking throat
and pull it out like fucking Mortal
Kombat style like take and grab the
spine even just take it out the skull
still attached they don't even know if
that's fucking and tommi possible that's
how I felt and I remember times like
that and it's not like I hate for the
person I don't even see that person as a
person it's just like this being needs
to be eradicated so obviously you guys
can see why I have a problem with the
whole high horse thing that a lot of
people have where every human life
matters no matter what they've done no
matter who they are oh my god cuz
they're human it's like oh who drives me
crazy I don't know you guys are like
gonna like this like this video already
but what I do
when I workout is I think about doing
incredible things that I would never do
because of the laws and because I don't
think I should take things into my own
hands like that I don't feel like I am
judge jury and prosecutor I don't even
think our judicial system should be
judged during and prosecutor for who
gets to live and who gets to die and I
obviously don't know everything and I'm
more open-minded but anyway so that is a
little preface to how fucking crazy I
can be reg wise and it doesn't happen
very often because I usually have it
under control and I I fuck it out I
workout it out and I'm generally a very
happy person because I stay in my own
little bubble and that's why I don't
have a lot of friends because sometimes
the people in society I can't stand them
and that's why I love the people who
stick around and actually subscribe to
my channel and listen to what I have to
say because not only do you like sex and
you like sexuality and you have no
problem with that you also can kind of
see where I'm coming from or at least
find my content interesting and I love
making content so we have a little bond
because of that anyway it has been four
minutes and I'm not into the story so I
was dating what you guys would call
these days a fuck-boy and it makes me
feel so old because I don't like sayings
like that I find them to be like I don't
like colloquial slang very much I just
don't like it it's not it's not fun for
me it's not great but um I dated a fat
boy his name is Jared he was the one
that stole cars the one that cheated on
me and I dated him for two years off and
on and he was in and out of juvie in
jail during that time and he was my
second really long really like serious
boyfriend who I spent a fuck ton of time
with right um I had at this point in the
relationship and it's been like a year
and a half I had decided that I kept him
around because I loved him but I
understood what he was and I don't no
longer trusted him and it's something
that I wouldn't do that like now because
I I guess I have more self-respect but I
also want something else in my life and
I know that I can get better than that
and it's not that I was afraid of being
alone it's that like alone was actually
worse than what I had and I wasn't
causing myself any more emotional stress
about anything other than the fact that
I was worried that he was unsafe and I
was worried that he would go back to
jail those were my two biggest problems
I thought he was probably cheating on me
I asked him all the time I said just be
fucking honest with me he never admitted
to it even years after and I don't know
if he actually did but it felt like he
did so I had this best friend
middle-school this was the last year of
middle school which is I think 8th grade
around here some people go up to 9th but
I think it was 8 I had a best friend
named Marlena
now Marlena she it's very rare for me to
find a girl that I can click with and I
feel like a lot of the girls that I
click with are just yes women if that
makes any sense like yes men like people
who are just kind of creating a new
personality based on my personality
because they don't really have a
personality of their own and I attract
these kind of people and it's probably
because I have such a strong personality
and people like see how confident I am
and they kind of want to mooch off of
that but I understood that she was that
kind of person a little bit but she was
my best friend she was always there for
me I could tell her everything and she
wouldn't be like oh and like have a like
bad bad like reaction to things that I
said like I felt like I could tell her
anything because she was kind of this
blank slate and she adopted a bunch of
my mannerisms and it was really cute and
she was ill in person who ever really
gave me a nickname and she called me tar
and it's so funny because I always hate
the word tar I hate the name Tara I
don't like when people say it unless
they have a British accent it just
forces them to say it that way because
they don't have you know ridiculous ways
of like in the English language is so
fucking stupid nothing is actually
phonetic like an a can be pronounced a
hundred different ways and a hundred
different scenarios it can be enunciated
in a hundred different ways doesn't
really matter it's like English is like
the the poor man's English you know
American English is what I'm talking
about and um so we were close and we had
a bond and we just like I entered the
school went to my locker her locker was
right next to mine because we made it so
we fucking got Saturn we didn't have
classes together and we spent so much
time together I would go after school
like her parents were really churchy and
I would go after school to her youth
group because um you know it was just
fun and there were cute boys right and
she had a boy named Nathan I think it
was who she really liked and he was cute
too and he seemed to kind of have a
crush on me as well I don't know if he
ever even liked her but I fucking
steered clear because to me like if I
really devote myself to a friendship if
I really care about someone I'm not
gonna fucking trample on their shit
I'm not gonna fucking invade their crap
like I would date a married man I would
fuck a married man I would marry him or
I would marry a man I would fuck
man in a relationship but because she
had established herself as someone I
respect I don't give respect to people
as you guys know just because they're
human like I pretty much just like
prefaced that in this video and I've
talked about it before and that's why
it's so funny to me that people say I
should dress a different way so I gain
respect but they don't fucking know me
so how can they respect me like that
doesn't make any sense respect is earned
so if I respect this woman if I know
this woman if this person is dear to me
and this is one of my fucking circle
that I will protect with my life I'm not
gonna fucking encroach on her goddamn
shit and fuck her boyfriends right but
um she happened to fucking apparently be
texting Jared now Jared fucking showed
me these things to try to tell me how
bad of a friend she was well it kind of
worked because I already had known Jared
was like this fucking lying trifling
piece-of-shit bitch and he never
actually cheated with her but they were
texting things that were questionable
and things that you know would not be
okay in a monogamous relationship things
that Jared and I had laid out and things
that I had laid out to Marlina that I
wouldn't do with Nathan and she
proceeded to do these things and it was
like a huge breach of trust for me
because Jared had already established
himself in our relationship with someone
who was not trustworthy that was like I
didn't trust him already it was like not
a shock to me that he was doing this but
for her to do that someone I trusted
someone I trusted was so much and
someone who was closer to me than Jared
because we had that bond where I felt
like I could trust her with anything it
just fucking shattered my world a little
bit so I saw that I remember it was in
the back of the the school where not a
lot of people go where people run track
and there was nothing going on in the
field because it's Seattle and it was
raining Oh
stereotypes whoo and so I went around to
the cafeteria area where she was and I
fucking proceeded to pretty much black
out and I pulled her by the hair and
started punching her face and punching
her chest and just beating her basically
now she was like I don't know like I
don't do the whole like did it shit like
I understand what you need to do in
order to hurt someone and I can do those
things and I feel like I'm a little bit
more scary than someone who's bigger
than me are more versed in fighting than
me because I am so Ruth
because I don't like you know have the
whole like I don't know I just I don't
have the emotions attached to it you
know so when someone does something and
I don't fight this is like one of the
only fistfights I've ever instigated in
my entire life other people have wanted
to beat me up and ever actually happened
because I'm a slut or some stupid shit
or people just don't like me but this is
one of the only big fist fights I've
ever gotten and I think fist fights are
actually kind of stupid and it would
rather have handled it in a more logical
and calm way but sometimes I just
fucking blackout so I had ripped her
ripped her fucking necklace off that her
mom had given her and it was on the
ground somewhere and she couldn't find
it and somehow I had knocked out her
contact lens and she was just on the
floor like pretty bloody she wasn't like
hospital needing she was just like
bleeding a little bit like I guess I had
scratched her with my nails or something
inadvertently while I was hitting her
and she was a little bit like it looked
like she was gonna be black and blue you
like you know when things are red and
they start swelling like immediately but
there wasn't any like After Effects or
anything and I looked at her and it was
so pathetic to me that she was like on
the ground like looking for her contact
lense she had just like given up on even
trying to defend herself and instead of
kicking her when she was down I like
like just turned around and walked away
all the kids had like circled around the
area you know like people do when
someone's fighting no one had tried to
stop us and my guy friends like whew my
guy friends were telling me like what
had happened or like asking me what had
happened and I just didn't say anything
to them I walked past them I saw the
principal and the principal asked me
what was going on and I said you should
go check on Marlena I just beat the shit
out of her that's pretty much all I said
and I left and I was like I'm getting
suspended because people get suspended
for way fucking less than that in my
middle school people were suspended for
just like barely like better they're
like pushing someone nothing ever came
of anything for me I guess the only
thing I can surmise is that Marlena said
that it wasn't me or Marlena said that I
don't want to press charges you know in
the middle school kind of way and we
just kind of stopped talking as much
after that but I think eventually I
forgave her because I knew I should have
known getting into it that like she's
gonna covet everything that I have and
she's gonna want to have what I have
because that's the kind of person that
she is and you kind of need to gauge
and then create a relationship around
that accordingly and I'm not proud of
hurting her the way that I did I don't
think things should be physical I think
I'm very very good at when I don't care
about things like if I reply to hate
comments Teri's comments or I reply just
like by typing to someone and I like
make them look stupid or I'd make a joke
about them or I reply in a silly like
way that you know that's not me being
actually mad like you guys don't get to
see me mad often because I don't get mad
often because nobody other than Jay
anymore at least is has the power to
make me mad and I like it that way I
don't like you know allowing someone to
get me that way because you know
obviously I don't want to fucking end up
going to jail and I don't feel like it's
worth it and I don't feel like losing
the perfect life that I have is worth it
and I feel like things can be better
solved by but just making you know like
I like sparring intellectually more but
you know sometimes I have this rage that
I just need to like work out off and I
feel like if you guys have a lot of sad
emotions or angry emotions I guess the
moral of this story and I'm not gonna
like really apologize and be like oh my
god I hope you guys don't hate me
because you know I'm past that point now
like there was a little bit of anxiety
in the beginning where I didn't want you
guys to hate me I didn't want you guys
to take things out of context and people
take things I say out of context all the
fucking time now to the point where I
can say things in perfect English
slowly reiterate them a hundred times
and literally everyone will take things
that I say wrong and I've never wanted I
never cared that anyone thought anything
bad about me I just didn't want people
to get the wrong idea I wanted people to
understand what I'm saying you know like
if you hate me for you know being a
vegan or you hate me for being sexual or
you hate me for doing whatever the fuck
hate me because I actually am those
things not because of something that you
think I am which I am not if that makes
sense like a fake gamer that's something
that I've never been and never will be I
fucking of loved gaming my entire life
and has nothing to do with the way I
look and um so it would kind of bother
me that people mistook things that I
said but now it just doesn't because
there's nothing you can do on the
internet like literally so that's just
how I feel about the situation and I
probably wouldn't have told a story like
this the way I told it so honestly and
openly in the beginning because I would
have been worried about what people say
but now just kind of just like I hope
got some maybe you got like a moral out
of this maybe you don't agree with
anything that I did but hopefully it was
interesting to you guys and all I know
on my end is that it was real and I
enjoyed making it for you so yeah like
the video subscribe to the channel let
me know if you still enjoy these story
time videos it's still like a new thing
I'm doing on my channel because I used
to just do like philosophy or sexy stuff
and that was all I did or like you know
my series is series obviously I hate the
word series because you know I wanted to
put the apostrophe at the end and not
the extra s so I go series but that
makes it kind of ambiguous about whether
or not it's one series or a bunch you
know so yeah I love you guys thank you
for watching see you next time ooh
