hey guys check out my fucking carrying
case for my 3ds oh my fucking god I'm a
huge fucking fan of the persona series
and pretty much anything from Atlas so
if you want to watch me unbox this as
well as like a God of War collector's
edition thing for the ps3 check out my
gaming channel in about an hour
and unless you're one of the first
people here on this video it's probably
or yet I might post a link in the
description after it is anyway there's
going to be a lot of bullshit going on
in the hallway I fucking told him to
shut the fuck up because they're like
renovating the apartment across the hall
but they're not going to shut the fuck
up so this video is not clickbait
whatsoever I'm actually going to talk
about the difference between facials and
bukkake and what I think about both of
them
this is a pretty highly recommended
video and I haven't done a video like
this before I'm sure I mentioned what I
think about facials or if I've gotten
facials and I've even posted a
questionable image on Twitter once is it
milk or was it really come I guess
you'll never know there's actually this
Twitter account dedicated only to women
and facials and he fucking loves facials
and he's always like I want to know what
Terra Babcock thinks about facials and
I'm like isn't it kind of obviously I
think about facials but I digress let's
talk about the difference between
facials and bukkake because apparently a
lot of people don't know a lot of people
think that bukkake is just a facial on a
girl but with a lot of guys and I see
that reflected in porn titles all the
time like you see these mainstream
American porn stars like let's say nikki
benz and then it would be like nikki
benz bukkake and i'm like that's not
bukkake sure she's getting gangbanged by
a lot of guys but bukkake is a little
bit different than that might as well
just say ten man gangbang facial or
something but i mean a lot of the porn
titles on the internet since i do watch
a lot of free porn are just some like
random horny dude that uploaded it and
then wrote like a really really long
title that makes no fucking sense or
like calls one of the 18 year old porn
stars a milf like out of nowhere i
should actually make a series reading
ridiculous porn titles I think that
would be pretty entertaining cuz at
least once a fab session I'm looking at
these going like is he fucking serious
are you like have to hover over it
because the guy wrote a fucking
paragraph as the title nikki benz on her
knees taking a facial from 14 different
guys one of them's her husband she
really likes to get gangbanged too she
likes black dudes that's not a title so
like you click on these videos that say
bukkake and then the girls like oh yeah
fucking put it on my face I love it it's
so hot I just want your cum all over me
and I'm thinking like yeah not bukkake
so some of you might already know this
especially if you're into Japanese
culture but bukkake is actually meant to
degrade women it's
like a punishment for a girl has done
something bad maybe cheated on her
husband and he gets all of his guy
friends together and just like they all
come on her face to degrade her and make
her cry I don't know if it's a current
practice but it's actually been a
practice in Japan and now it's kind of
turned into a poor Jean rrah and
Japanese people are really fuckin weird
but I love Japanese culture I have no
problem with watching bukkake or bukkake
porn but the thing is I really don't
like a lot of the Japanese porn stars so
I don't watch Japanese porn that much
don't get me wrong Japanese girls and
guys and Asian girls and guys in general
are fucking hot like my dream is to one
day have sex with a tall asian man with
a big penis but for some reason in
Japanese porn that's kind of hard to
find also they often censor things and
they have big bushes and I'm not down
for pubic hair at all I like bukkake I
like bukkake does anyone remember that
shit my fucking childhood and
adolescence was all about Ebaum's world
how about the fucking one where it's
like I forget the context but something
about the world and France is lit tired
so they don't want to go to war or
something that brings me back anyway I
want you guys to post in the comments
and let me know how many of you actually
knew what bukkake was or how many of you
just thought it was like a bunch of guys
coming on a girl's face at once it's
weird at the context of coming on the
face and that's for me personally I've
never really done bukkake and I don't
think it would really work on me because
I don't get shamed like that I would
just be like yeah like like nikki benz
or whoever else you're watching like
give it to me fuck yet mmm shower me
with that shit i'm more like that so i
couldn't really be shamed by that and i
think it's kind of interesting because i
did sleep with a guy before who thought
that a girl giving a guy head or a girl
getting calmed on by the guy was
degrading but to me it's not degrading
and it's all about two things context
and intent if i want to give my guy head
which i do i don't see anything wrong
with that and I don't see how he is
degrading me that's just ridiculous so
let's talk about facials and no ladies
we're not talking about going to the spa
and you know getting your pores cleansed
or whatever I've actually never done
that but sexual facials oh I do that all
the time there is a little bit of
dominance of the man that plays well
into what I like in sex I like a
dominant man I like being submissive
while still being strong if that makes
any sense I used to think that I was
submissive entirely but really I'm super
dominant and I just need a man who's
more dominant than me and it's very sexy
when a man is confident enough to put me
in my place so to speak and obviously
what I engage in
and sex has nothing to do with me
outside of sex it's just like fetishes
and stuff that I like inside of sex that
gets me off something that's adventurous
or interesting or taboo doesn't
necessarily change anything in the
hierarchy of my relationships I'm sure
that makes sense to a lot of you guys
you guys are pretty familiar with me by
now but yeah I fucking love facials
getting come down my tits my face
everything just like all over this area
my decolletage that shit is good I enjoy
it it's fun the only thing I don't enjoy
is when it goes directly into my eye and
I don't think anyone really enjoys that
I think the guys might enjoy that
because there's kind of like this small
little target here and if they get it in
there it's like haha and it's kind of
like something that a guy would do to
another guy if it wasn't gay let me try
to reiterate that you know how guys like
to prank their guy friends or guys like
to do something annoying to their guy
friends in that way it's kind of like
your boyfriend or your guy that you're
sleeping with kind of pranking you in a
way that's like one of the guys type of
thing but with his penis and with common
with your eye so yeah when I get to my
eye it's like really it makes my eye
like bloodshot and it fucking hurts but
other than that everything is fair game
and it's so funny because day will
always be like oh I don't wanna cum in
your face we're supposed to stream
you're supposed to make videos I don't
want to ruin your pretty makeup and I'm
like nah it's okay I'll fix it I think
if you trust someone but it's okay to
let loose and do things that you
wouldn't normally do in real life in bed
degrading things scary things dominating
things pain things all kinds of fucking
things
let's guy shut the fuck up anyway let me
know what you guys think about facials
bukkake and it's porn do you like
watching that stuff in porn do you like
doing it in your real life sex life let
me know I have a few really interesting
topics coming up I'm gonna do a video on
pain and how much I love pain and I'm
also gonna do a video on celebrities
that have rejected me which is gonna be
really fun and really upbeat and
light-hearted and interesting for you
guys because you get to see how I try to
interact with celebrities that I want to
sleep with and how most of them usually
don't respond and I would like to hear
in the comments if you guys are
interested in those topics as well but
before I go why I think guys like
facials or giving facials obviously I
don't think it's as much about
dominating or degrading the woman at
least in Western culture as much as it
is just seeing your cum like something
that came out of your body on the pretty
face of the girl that you're sleeping
with and care about I think it's more of
an innocent thing than a lot of people
think and obviously if you're sleeping
with a guy that has the intent to just
degrade you and treat you like shit and
that's something that's reflected
outside
actual relationship and you don't like
that voice it or get out of the
relationship but for me I can be with a
guy that completely respects me loves me
is interested in me and cares about me
or someone that I consider to be a
really close friend that I trust and
what we do in sac is it doesn't reflect
on how we feel about each other outside
of sex all's fair in love and war even
coming in the eye so I think a lot of
guys also just like it because it's very
taboo like a lot of women would not be
okay with it but if you have a woman who
just wants her face drenched in your man
sludge like isn't that hot doesn't that
make her a little kinky a little
desirable that she wants to do stuff
like that even if she doesn't
necessarily like it for herself if she's
doing that for you she's pretty down I
usually don't even wash it off like when
it happens and it's like the end of the
day and I don't have anything else to do
and I'm not going anywhere I'll just
like rub it into my skin and just leave
it there and then when it dries out it
like cracks and like it sucks in my
clothing it like hurts so I'm like
ripping my clothing off of me and like
it's just a disaster but I don't like
washing off because I like the taste I
like the smell like going and like
licking it all up it's wonderful some of
you guys are cringing right now lighten
up it's just sex everyone does it
alright guys I'll see you in the next
video I hope you guys enjoyed I love
doing this really fun sex topic so I can
just be honest tell you guys exactly how
I feel and give a little insight on why
guys and girls like or don't like it so
if there's any other sex topics you want
me to do or talk about let me know I've
done anal sucking dick dick pics
titty-fucking and a bunch of others like
the video subscribe to the channel and
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
video love you
