guys this is supposed to be a boyfriend
sweater now he can't fit into this
that's why he can't be my boyfriend
right that's why it can't be my
boyfriend it's called a boyfriend
sweater that is yes it's the boyfriend
sweater I got a medium to like this is
like a that doesn't like a guys winter
so apparently that's why I have a fetish
recently for guys that look like women
because I'm supposed to have a boyfriend
who can fit into my clothes this is Jay
say hi Jay uh you guys never see him
because he doesn't like doing videos and
that's fine whatever we had a fucking
hard time figuring out how to fucking
film this because okay I like stacked
things back here because I was like
there's too much fucking white space I
can't stand it and now you can see like
all of me and like none of him and yes
to wear glass okay so people who fucking
comments on our shit and like are we
okay gaming channel shut it up
what's the link I don't fucking care
about card that works too but no it's
twitch Earth no youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games over there we do retro
games every Wednesday right and he wears
glasses because I insist on having a
modeling light facing me all the time
and I'm blue eyed blue eyed people are
supposed to have more sensitive eyes but
he can't stand it like look watch the
people who post in the comments and like
fucking douche why are you wearing
sunglasses inside please fucking kill
yourself before you post that comment
like when you get the inkling to post
that comment in-between actually posting
the comment kill yourself first okay
because that's stupid as fuck clearly we
have you know it's the light people like
mugabe that's why he looks like a bee
it's cute
today the reason you do it in a video is
we're gonna be trying KitKat's from
japan now these fucking Kit Kats
or weird flavors all right they're not
things that you can get in America and
you guys said you wanted more taste
testing videos I also wanna shout out
where you look at my tits okay I want to
shout out Wayne who sent these to me
thank you so much Wayne I feel like we
instead of doing this we could have been
fucking right like this would be so much
better some of these were actually gonna
have to guess what flavor they are
because it doesn't say in English at
least but I thought we would start out
easy
and go with the whites is there I think
that's no visible dump it into my crotch
meltus barely they're not gonna melt if
they're going into your anus over there
your body needs it next to the mic oh my
god no no no okay I guess we'll start
with this one see the reason why I need
him for this is KitKat's come in twos
and I was literally saying I won't get
someone else to film this video with me
because I'm not gonna be a lonely
fucking idiot that eats half a KitKat so
eat the whole thing
this is what it looks like how fucking
fat do you think I am like this is the
whole thing is just a regular and then
on the back there's like some like bitch
and it says have a break have a cake
yeah this is the base original alright
so what we don't have AIDS
how do you feel about regular kick-ass
well you see we don't have AIDS some of
these might give us hmm
alright so I wanted to start with white
because I didn't know that there was an
original that's the bus woman but you
don't like white because it's what the
best thing ever oh you don't like white
Reese's you don't like peanut butter and
white right from thank you all right
this is the white KitKat even my knees
all come from Japan so it's not like the
exact same thing like on the back it has
like the Japanese bullshit oh there's a
bird on this one and they also have a
break have a kit kat the only one so
that's what it's like another white one
you signed up for it
you were not haven't gotten do you
Mother's no no no no oh my god you want
to lick my leg now so am I like you look
my leg I know it it's like ha ha ha
wow that's really good I feel like we
should have that last and I'm gonna like
anything else really
okay well this is cheesecake this is I'm
assuming like literally I have to go off
of what the picture looks like can you
see it they're all Asian yeah that's
like oh my god orange okay alright so
we're doing with what I assumed it's at
64 kcals
smell it first oh my god it smells like
cheesecake it really smells like
cheesecake no one's better who's good
there's no better it's not better cuz
there's like a strawberry face but it's
like it takes away from the white
chocolate taste and it's like not real
strong or anything it's like traversaro
good yeah like when you get the
strawberry syrup with like the fake
cherries at like IHOP or something yeah
just green like it's literally just err
I'm assuming it's green tea because it's
literally just green it's green and has
it's got some like Asian shit on it like
I don't fucking know if you're Japanese
or if you're like our friend hentai
genia who loves hentai and not Japanese
but she speaks Japanese please tell me
this is green tea because it's just
green
they're like green how are we gonna
they're good they're green we talked
with holders mm-hmm that's pretty good
it wasn't awful Polly believes a gritty
taste in your mouth after I mean I feel
like for those with like green tea and
won't get like a green tea bubble tea
this will be great
so I yeah but I don't really like green
tea so all right now we have there's
pictures of strawberries on it so this
is definitely the strawberry strawberry
Kit Kats why won't you focus you fucking
bitch look up seaweed in my mouth
actually pink look well you can't tell
it does it looks white but they're like
milky pink so you just the Cheesecake
one but like they put less in the
cheesecake more and more than this one
so it's just one hundred percent the
strawberry shit yeah is this even a
KitKat it's it's a fucking pink pink
like a plaid KitKat pink plaid we're
gonna eat pink plaid make this one I'm
just gonna we're just gonna guess what
flavor it's supposed to be mix more of
them okay this is it's yellow it's
bright yellow all right here we go it
could be just expired urine Oh doh
smaller it tastes like those things um
wafers you know the wafers on the
outside and then there's like a thin
layer of like some kind of like creamy
like gum or something in the middle
wafers that's what it tastes like it
tastes like it has the wafer with it's
really weird yeah it's just tastes like
good pastry we haven't encountered any
like bold flavors or anything like that
yeah the green tea is the worst so far
okay what's the best orange fucking
orange new these at random
you're doing a random what the fuck do
you want you saved the best for last
you don't know that this will be good
you know its arm and mango crap although
mourn
oh no what the clock what it's really
good like okay you gotta like any
restaurant or anywhere and like some
list flavors for you can you ever pick
orange and go wrong where it isn't great
oh good the other is about it was weird
it had too much of a tang for like a
kick-ass so good girl all right well
what do you you pick then we
I don't know why green tea laughs you
know I want something that I know will
be good looking guess the kids know we
gotta say philosophy not and man with
horns okay it'll save Hazen look for
Less cuz I'll be good all right okay so
now that was when we're gonna take it
something else oh here you go - wait you
make like a face like do that so I'm
sitting up straight I'm fuckin sunk into
quicksand all right hey English I don't
know just premium this one looks the
most like you all right we have nothing
above us and this was the problem about
filming with him I was like anyone would
tell me more because it's disgusting was
fucking there we go we got Tetris pieces
as long as it doesn't move it should be
good all right the next one is this it's
like poop but like purple poop flavor
okay so purple blue flavor we're gonna
decide what it is
and it's purple color oh I know what it
is it's yogurt it's gonna be yogurt
flavor I know it like raspberry yogurt
wasn't bad
it's actually kind of good this stuff
around the crispy stuff there's just
nothing hidden it's not bad I don't know
some kind of fruity shit right
it was kind of fruity shut up we've got
green I don't know green leaves oh good
this wasabi no it's kind of gross is it
wasabi um yeah Oh God smaller faster
okay no no I'm just trying not to get I
think it's really hard right why am I
getting water that's why it's not that
hard maybe I just follow the post Oh
what what is the point why does this
happen why did you get all these boys
grapes he'll be good shows that for a
second one oh why do people make all
these flavors is this like actually just
No
I think they try out like a billion
different flavors and the only ones that
actually sell they keep in America like
I think they even stop selling like
white chocolate type stuff sometimes and
then they keep selling it in Japan
because people have fetishes for shit I
don't know I'm just fucking generalizing
but this is the next flavor you guys
have to actually look at this it's a
dude with like curly hair with like a
floral horn or something I have no idea
what this is
he's got like Gunners on or something
like yellow glasses like literally are
you tell to recording
there's a red pot in the corner okay so
they're pink what is it I don't know
like floral ballsack Dr Pepper Dr Pepper
no even though we have such refined
palates palates yeah pink it was pink it
was fake flavor
all right second to last we've gotten
great um it's got like a picture of wine
and also a picture of grapes
so it's either wine flavor which is just
great or it's just great flavor first
time first time you fucking actually
actually focus on something it must this
means good good omen yeah it actually
focused my camera likes it
alright wine great wine oh it is like
wine it felt like a like a kick like
it's alcoholic or something else that's
interesting
what if we have like a bourbon one and
then they we just see like 20 of them do
we get drum no how many would you get
back first or drum first although you
get drunk first but you you will get
that I don't mean because of the time
processing I mean like the calories you
intake oh my god alright last one it's
the only one that has any kind of
fucking English on it and it says
hazelnut please just focus like clearly
I want you to look at this and not at me
alright it's the only dark one good
ahead orange lies you're so stupid that
would have made me sad oh that tastes
more chemical might one food better
oh my god it's really bitter
that's really bitter I guess hazelnut
supposed to be kind of bitter he's like
coffee mm-hmm he tried to say best for
elasticity fail I'm like only living at
myself because I'm trying to stay in the
frame I knew what was best for love I
actually feel like orange might be my
new favorite like orange was your old
favorite one I've never had orange Kit
Kats oh yeah of course one of these has
been you haven't what Y is like still my
favorite but orange might be slightly
better damn yeah that's pretty good so
orange might be my new favorite damn
girl and for anyone else had a white Kit
Kat you know a lot of people hate white
chocolate a lot of people say - it's way
too fatty
just like Y but not white chocolate Kit
Kats cuz like there's not a lot of white
chocolate on them there's a little bit
like sweet like it's less sweet it's
more like but okay actually fucking
white chocolate is the sweetest dark
chocolate is the least sweet it's the
back of my chocolate versus white
chocolate I don't think it's a sweetness
difference maybe watch all that might be
slightly like a sweeter but I think it's
more of a difference in taste than
sweetness like I don't think it's just I
think that diet soda is less sweet than
regular soda and I know that like 20
percent of you will agree with her
because that's like a statistic but my
my viewers are gonna be a hundred
percent agree with me because tits write
those in the comments if you think a
diet soda is sweeter or less sweet than
just regular so that you're not gonna
comment okay Ella comment he's gonna
call me we put it up and I'll just type
sweeter hey you don't know how to find
it I say will you watch my newest video
and he goes like it just doesn't know
how to hide it he types my name into
YouTube and then he like clicks on the
first video or something instead of
clicking on like any of the channels and
when I tell him watch my Veigar video
he's like the vlog Channel is a gaming
channel how much like it I did that one
so they took him back and I was like
nevermind okay if you guys like having
Jay in the videos post in the comments
I'm sure most of you will hate him
because he's male and associated with me
in any way and you guys are fucking
clingy stop it that's fucking weird
about anyway go like the videos wait Oh
subscribe to the channel subscribe to
the channel right here oh yeah
you unsubscribe you did it too many
times alright bye guys thanks for
watching let me know if you want me to
do more taste testing things and if you
do want me to do more taste testing
things you can't just leave uh if you
want me to do more taste testing things
you have to tell me what to taste test
because I have no fucking clue so if you
want to send me something my appeal box
is always down in the description so if
you just want to send me a bunch of
candy from like Mexico or something
that'd be cool
I've had actually a lot of Mexican candy
me as I've had a lot of Mexican friends
growing up like I've had um those that
thing where you press it up and the
stuff comes out the top and it's like
sour or whatever and you lick it and
I've had like Chiclets and different
like things where there's like coding on
it that's really sour and then it
becomes sweet I've had all that shit so
maybe I'm Mexican but like other
countries shit that Americans might
think is gross yeah thanks for watching
guys nice
