enlarged fucking penis hole I wish I
knew how to fucking give back to you
guys in any better fashion I feel like
and this is not like a humble brag or
anything I don't think there's another
youtuber who gets more stuff on their
male video than I do like literally what
the fuck so all I want you guys to know
is that I am eternally appreciative for
everything like I was a spoiled only
child and I have never been more spy
spiled spoiled than I am right now in my
entire fucking life and I it's like
every other week is like my birthday
times 20 I said that in my Instagram
post but I just want you guys to know
that I fucking love you each of you
individually every one that I've ever
had a comment from that was nice or
inspirational or just funny or even like
the trolls who make me laugh like
seriously what I want to do with this
channel is educate you guys and also
give you guys a platform where you feel
like being yourself is not a bad thing
like you can come here in any mood that
you're in fucking happy jealous unhappy
horny whatever and just enjoy yourself
and have fun and I try to give back with
fanservice and I can't send fucking
nudes to everyone of you I can't fuck
every one of you I can't send
merchandise to every one of you but I
just want you guys to know that I it I
fucking love you so much
so thank you and yes if you keep sending
me this many things you're gonna have to
listen to this happy rant thankful rant
in the beginning anyway let's get to it
welcome to your new episode of Friday
night male whoo let's do this first off
I wanted to show you guys this this is
something from ups saying that someone
sent me something from party toys Inc
and I had to pick it up before the 11th
and it is now like the 13th so I don't
know send me an email or a message if
this is from you and I'm really sorry I
didn't get there to pick it up in time
next we have a letter from a meeting and
I fucking love letters so I'm gonna use
my box cutter as a letter opener that
didn't go well let's suppose do it other
other ways dears here a Babcock you
don't really have to read this on your
video you probably shouldn't I think
I'll stop right there he'll know what
I'm talking about but damn what the hell
fucking nice that was one of my
favorites of all of the types of things
that you just sent me Thank You of me
this is definitely brightened my day up
two thumbs up alright moving on we have
got a letter from Claire who's from
Africa and look at this fucking drawing
look how awesome we're gonna be really
careful when we open this one because
this is going in my binder look at the
inside of the envelope so cool the first
thing we got is a postcard of a pretty
little leopard this is leopard South
Africa and it says may your wildest
dreams come true to Tara
love from Cape Town South Africa oh this
is so cute it's crazy to think that an
item originated from a different country
and now it's in my possession forever
that's kind of cool it's like Sisterhood
of the Traveling Pants I once like one
of my best friends borrow one of my
favorite cardigans at like a Starcraft
tournament or something and she took it
home to Montreal and then I got it back
and I'm like whoa this fucking sweater
travelled well-rounded sweater for a
well rounded bust moving on we've got
some other stuff
dear Tara I'm a writer from Cape Town I
love your vids and my brother loves your
presents parenthesis boobs keep doing
what you do you're someone I would love
to have a girly chat with I write about
dirty rockstars and I love it
fuck I love it already my first book is
in bed with a rock star coming out in
Brazil please post a link for my new
book dirty platinum my blog is wwas
Claire Lagrange's calm will be down in
the description as well happy to let you
read it nice girls love a wicked
Rockstar sweaty and leather love Claire
oh my god I definitely want to read this
book what girl doesn't love a rock star
Thank You Claire next we have a tiny
package of Awesomeness from China let's
see what it is I got you baby yeah what
is this some shitty shit is it some
shitty shit oh my god this is one of
those fucking body suits
that's like mesh maybe I can use this
for a fanservice Friday and put it on
over like a thong and some Pacey's that
would be pretty hot don't you think
literally everything that comes from
China is either awesome gaming plushies
or really really sexy lingerie like the
video if you want to see this in a
fanservice Friday and you didn't say you
got it for me but thank you this is
fucking hot you can like rip it a little
bit and then you can fucking it spicy
thank you
next we've got this and this is another
thing from China so it's probably gonna
be fucking awesome
oh so awesome what the fuck I'm excited
ah this is fucking awesome oh my god
fucking thank you let me show you a
little more
do what I fuckin love it so good this is
fucking sick thank you
and it fits great next thing we've got
here is this is fucking awesome look at
the fucking hood I definitely have to
put this on now holy shit how cute do I
look thank you so much this is so
comfortable not too Batman Ninja Turtles
alright guys we have some more shit
let's go ahead and open it oh just like
that we've got the Nintendo 3ds
converter
thank you Robert on that will be
relevant later on next we've got
clothing open
that's a fuck BAM oh this is sick okay
we have to see how it fits am I ever
gonna wear anything for more than like a
second I love it let me show you more
super fucking hot right and a little
less hot temperature-wise than the
onesie thank you so much this is fucking
awesome I think this is from me sale I'm
not hundred percent sure but whoever it
is from thank you so much you are
fucking a good you're a fucking god now
you're fucking a god my bad next we have
this now this says big smile I don't
know why oh one thing I forgot to
mention any time you buy anything on
Amazon whether it's for me or otherwise
please you smile amazon calm they give a
percentage of every purchase to whatever
charity you choose and I choose ASPCA so
you should too thank you for listening
to that PSA now let's open some shit oh
my god seven this looks hot
erotic kasuga is living an ordinary life
with his cousin
hijiri when a mysterious happening
called the breakdown phenomenon makes
her vanish before his very eyes guy get
her back she got big tits and thankfully
there's a note it says hi Tara here's a
new manga to read enjoy your gift from
me sale mmm I fucking love you Musa
you're the best believe it totally not
crazy relative to certain people Jeffrey
Dahmer Charles Manson Ed Gein moving on
we've got boxes on boxes on boxes what
is
holy shit she's got like little peace
signs on her she's so cute and look at
her eyes it's like rainbow heart eyes
this is fucking awesome thank you so
much oh so cozy gift message hi LMT this
is really cute oh thank you rubber
tongue this is fucking awesome
you're a good boy next oh just rip the
shit out of these fucking boxes like I
don't give a fuck like boxes stuff my
yeah what nah
is it notes hi LT I think this is a
female version
oh it's the female version of the panda
bear so soft it's like a female
Reddington
oh it also has the hearts for the eyes
look at this shiny the shiny like pokey
scale things I love pink and I love
plushies you know the direct route to my
heart oh my god thank you we have this
big-ass package and I think I know what
it is I think this is from rubber tongue
5mt here by the 3ds and games on the
back of the games of some Dutch text but
you should be able to play everything
ps4 games are region free all right why
do you gotta put someone's garbage in
there too much garbage
we have bravely default of the 3ds
professor layton inspectors called we
have a weird-ass plugin look at the
fucking European plug-in weird ass
fucking shit holy shit so many ps4 games
tearaway unfolded journey collector's
edition crimes and punishments Sherlock
Holmes until dawn
oh fuck oh I need a sort of program
where after I played a game or watched a
movie I like send it out to you guys and
then you guys send it out to another
viewer that would be so fucking cool
wasn't it so far this box is fucking
awesome rubber tongue thank you fucking
sick dude oh my god no paper nothing
Donkey Kong Country 3d returns more
professor layton and majora's mask 3d oh
my god but the best parts the golden is
Elda special edition 3ds XL
so I have a 3ds but I lent it out to my
friend a while ago and I never got it
back so rub her tongue was nice enough
to send me his with a bunch of fucking
games I didn't think I was gonna be
spoiled this much then he's either
played or just doesn't play this is
fucking amazing I'd best ever thank you
all right we've got this package from
Ontrack which is a package that rubber
tongue was telling me it could not be
delivered to my shit because fucking on
track is a piece of shit if you haven't
watched my Amazon shipping debacle video
you have to out fuck it a pucking I'll
fuckin link it in the description yeah
Robert Tong sent me some more Gunners
because everyone knows I have fuckin red
eyes all the time so we're too hard and
look at too many computer screens and
this actually helps a fuck ton when I'm
concentrating on fucking strategy games
like MOBA and RTS games I get like even
more I strange rubber tongue you fucking
spoil me too much like seriously you go
a fucking above and beyond what do you
think do you think they look good on me
I don't know how I feel about them let
me know in the comments what you think
thank you ever tongue this is from
Sephora and it says handle with care'
which is like what the fuck I feel like
this might be from Lisa and what the
fuck is this and if it is you baby girl
thank you so much we've got a set of a
bunch of different color lip glosses
buxom out of paradise
I fucking love lip glosses so this is
just like amazing and there's like even
a really dark purple and they're all
super shiny oh my god you guys know I
geek out over makeup - so this is like
great Too Faced chocolate bonbons
they're like fucking eyeshadows the hell
this looks so great it even smells like
fucking chocolate this is oh my fucking
god this is amazing
each of them have the name of like some
kind of chocolate I feel like I should
do something on the third channel for
this like something testing it out or
something I don't know you were so
fucking beautiful this is awesome and I
don't deserve it if it was possible for
me to cry I would cry thank you so much
you guys this is from John me
I love Sean B he's a fuckin badass Oh
Mario what oh yeah I love it the holy
shit dude did you know the pac-man
connect and play video game offers fans
a chance to play the coveted level 256
the original arcade game had 256 levels
but due to a programming glitch level
256 was a half jumbled screen that only
a few people in the world ever completed
holy fucking shit this is fucking crazy
look at look at level 256 I feel like
such a noob that I did not know this I
shouldn't fucking unbox this and try
level 256 and it even looks like pac-man
this is I love these things even if
they're like cheap or even if they're
not as good as the originals it just it
makes me hype I don't know it's fucking
awesome
and it has 12 pac-man games on it as
well as Galaga Dig Dug and a few others
thank you so much Sean you are wonderful
you fucking rock like what the fuck I
want to like rage outs I can't cry I
just want to punch you for being so
fucking awesome like what do I do
so funny like if I was getting raped and
murdered out here J like wouldn't
whatever he would think I'm unboxing
things Thank You Sean by the way your
fucking like so awesome it's stupid pie
LMT
maybe this will need some eyedrops look
at this you guys it's an eyeball what if
I just had a third eye here this is so
crazy
thank you Robert ah I put these like
weird plushies on my wish list because
they're like happy parts of the body and
there's like an ovary and a testicle and
a colon so fucking cute and I love these
things one of my twitch viewers actually
showed me these this is so fucking
awesome I don't push you so much there's
so much shit like we're like halfway
done maybe hi Tara I hope you're doing
well and can make great use of this
controller this is from Nathan Bowser
pose this should be coming soon to at
some point
from Nathan why you were fucking awesome
Nathan what is this oh shit no way this
forever oh my god okay so what this is
this is the Xbox controller for fighting
games because everyone fucking knows the
d-pad on Xbox controllers it's fuckin
garbage and awful for fighting games so
this is fucking awesome oh it's like
arcade style mornings forever literally
like oh my fucking god
and of course it is the Mortal Kombat
logo on it which I fucking love because
even though they ruin to the females in
the game
I still have Mortal Kombat's my favorite
fighting game you're the fucking shit
dude like thank you what the fuck Angie
bought me Bowser I've been needing a
Bowser for my fucking background for
like ever have I told you guys that I
fucking love you guys I fucking love you
guys
forcefully anyway we've got this I don't
know what this is it's like weird Pharma
packs LLC how do i how doesn't give me
easy way to open this Oh what
contraption this you see this box what
the fuck is this like folded the worst
thing ever what the fuck oh shit
computer eye relief eyedrops ahh thank
you Robert Ungh I know this came from
him he told me he was gonna get it it's
for tired aching eyes eye strain burning
and redness I'm excited about eyedrops
this is so silly
I think I'm opening the bottom but you
know you only live once right oh my god
persona is one of my favorite fucking
franchises and this one has like the
characters of three and four I am like
so hyped over this like what the fuck
but here is a persona 3 and 4 unite oh
my god it actually is a carrying case
and an art book and a tarot card set oh
and Yosuke and reasoning and it's got
kanji he's actually in my like hottest
men of games hi Tara enjoy your gift
from Wayne that cares for you as a
friend very very much thank you and uh
you told me that I was gonna be hyped
about this gift and like you have no
fucking idea thank you so much Wayne I
love you you are one of my favorite
fucking people in the whole world thank
you so much and thank you for the
support on all my content you're just
amazing thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you are you
sick of hearing that yes that's it lost
all meaning yet I really hope not
because I don't know what other word to
substitute Duncan voluntee alright this
is the last little box we have after
I've composed myself for a few minutes I
am now ready to open another box I'm
gonna stand this is from Robert um who
knows that I like animals and he knows I
like plushies and this is a turtle we
were talking about on my stream oh my
god he's so fucking soft fuckin Turtles
we were talking about on my stream how I
wanted to buy a turtle be because
turtles live like 80 years and I don't
want to have an animal that does not
live me is so soft I'm gonna cuddle with
this one in my bed look how cute hurry
this one's heavy like actually like 20
pounds at least I have no idea what the
fuck this could be I can't even pick
this up why is it so heavy
hi LMT this special lamp will serve you
well will it will it kill me over - sure
- oh my god oh fucking heavy this is
supposed to be 11 pounds why does it
feel so much heavier - salt crystal lamp
the lamp is scientifically proven to act
like an air purifier when lit it emits
negative ions that bite against
positively charged particles that cause
us to feel stuffy and sluggish wow this
is actually really cool if it works out
maybe I'll just feel more energized and
better overall this is really cool thank
your over time this is really fucking
cool I'm excited - boxes and wait for it
a fucking sperm thank you for sending me
some sperm I can confirm this does not
taste like sperm I fucking love giant
microbes so awesome success may have a
thousand fathers but children have only
one and it is quite remarkable how they
end up with him sperm comes from the
word seed in Greek and the average man
makes over a thousand sperm per second
that's cool of course only one sperm
will have the chance to fertilize a
mother's egg and pass along the father's
good looks and personality so for every
winner there are countless also-rans who
will never get the chance to be a dad oh
that's cute he's cute I'm gonna put him
right there who came here who came
between my tits without asking hi Terry
just so you know I was the one who
bought you Batman Arkham Knight two
weeks ago I hope you do enjoy these
gifts from Calvin thank you so much
Calvin I had no idea I don't know why
they occasionally ship things and then
don't put a fucking slip in it drives me
crazy
we've got it skin cell oh my god and it
tells you like the location likes and
dislikes oh my god this is hilarious
have to read it to you location covering
the outside of your body like some
dermatologists sweat glands sunscreen
lotion dislikes tanning bed acne and
scabs movies the 7-year itch skin flicks
this kitten flicks sweaty wants to meet
someone who doesn't make my flesh crawl
it's so cute it's like they're dating or
something I love it so this is what
happens when I don't shave my arm for a
while guys I just want to make so many
jokes with this that are fucking awful
and I should stop now Calvin you're
fucking God thank you so much okay this
one is also from Calvin because it came
in the same box and I'm smart
same message thanks again for fucking
Batman Arkham Knight that's awesome you
are amazing I love you so much
oh fuck just happened there dude it's a
muscle cell look at it it's so cute I
love these fucking giant microbes and
this other company that's now making
things that made eyeball and the skin
cells so fucking cute there are three
kinds of muscle cells cardiac smooth and
skeletal whoa it's like like elastic you
can make him small or you can expand him
kinda like a real muscle so can I make
tiny tears in you and make you twenty
times bigger gym rats know what I'm
talking about this is fucking awesome
thank you so much Kelvin thank you for
sending me your sperm also he's my
favorite ones I will cherish him always
we would have had a boy but you decided
to come on my face alright we have one
more fucking box and it's a giant box
it's a fucking it's the biggest box ever
holy shit you guys you're gonna love
this
it's a giant Darth Vader I love you dad
oh my god it's so cute it's just like my
big Chewie this is so awesome so cuddly
oh my god why why do you spoil me so
much rubber tongue you're too fucking
good I love you so much oh my god you
guys are so fucking awesome to me I just
want to cry Thank You fucking everyone
who gave me anything thank you Wayne you
guys are just the fucking best thank you
anyone who has ever watched any of my
videos and given me any kind of support
any comments any feedback I fucking love
you guys even the lurkers who have never
said anything you guys are just so
fucking amazing his cape is so cute I
can't get over it like what the fuck is
this it's so fucking cute and he's got a
butt and like a little oh my god I'm
gonna die I'm gonna die this is the best
thing that's ever happened to me I love
you so much Darth Vader oh I would have
gone to the dark side with you okay
Anakin it would have been amazing we
would have just gone Donny we would've
been so powerful and it wouldn't be all
burnt this is awesome oh thank you oh
hey guys like the video subscribe to the
channel you are fucking amazing have a
wonderful day I hope that my happiness
can spread to you guys and you just I
don't know like something I do I hope it
makes you feel good or laugh or you know
relief whatever stress you have in your
life you guys are fucking so awesome
you so much just please just give me
like a hug like all of you just come and
fucking hug me like what the fuck if you
ever see me do not hesitate to come hug
me I give away free hugs I wanted to get
a shirt actually this had free hugs so
if you ever do find a cleavage shirt
that says free hugs I will wear that
shit like a fucking Mouse I love you
guys so fucking much like do you know
how much I love you yet please let me
know if you feel like entirely adored
because if you don't you need to I need
to do something better I don't know
fucking I love you I will see you guys
in two weeks with a new fan mail Friday
service whatever the fuck Friday night
mail yeah that's it you're amazing in
every way oh I almost broke my teeth
giving you that kiss I hope you can feel
it in your heart by the way boys these
two don't mix it's the rarest that color
of them all my precious I'm retarded
