oh yes Oh it's like that kind of
lingerie you just want to stick on your
face if you're like a teenage boy and
you're like super into girls panty
drawer and you're just like so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys and welcome
to a Hollister hall and Tryon video I do
these occasionally usually by yearly
this year they had a really good Black
Friday sale I wasn't really in the
market for any clothes I've been saving
for some new equipment and stuff like
that but it was like dirt cheap so I
bought a few of those bra 'lets that I
liked but in a size larger to
accommodate the new boobs and about a
few cute flannels and leggings so we're
gonna see how those work out but first I
have a few updates some of you guys have
been waiting for the 300k trees and dare
trust me I'm waiting as well I think
it's gonna be an epic video but that
video requires so much work a lot of it
is like me going around and doing things
like outside of my set I have to finish
compiling all the truths and airs from
both the YouTube video and my patreon
page and I have to try my best to do as
many as I can so it's gonna take a lot
of days of recording and I know it's
been a while but I had my birthday week
off prior to that I had to get ready for
my birthday week off and then I had the
week or so of being sick immediately
after that so I'm kind of behind that's
also the reason why I'm not gonna have
something of more substance like a Tara
Reid's comments today but I figured a
great way to repent for not having some
better content is clothing hauls because
I know you guys like the titties so it's
like giving you a little bit of
fanservice
in lieu of having some of your favorite
content I promise you guys those of you
who've been asking for a new Tara Reid's
comments it's my favorite series too but
it's my least favorite to edit and when
I saw that the last one got only like 7k
views or something like that I was like
do people not like this so that's why
there's been a big gap between the last
one in this one but I'm ready to bring
it back and I'm hoping that it's gonna
do well and you guys are gonna enjoy it
I have a ton of amazing comments up my
sleeve two more things that I promise
we're gonna get into the video I've
actually started dabbling in Bitcoin a
little bit so if you guys want to start
dabbling in Bitcoin as well using
coinbase specifically I have a referral
link now down in the description you
don't have to do it it gets me ten
dollars and you ten dollars whenever you
sign up and buy or sell a hundred
dollars or more worth a Bitcoin I think
it's a good investment right now
especially if you're gonna go into
litecoin and aetherium having some money
and cryptocurrencies is a good idea and
I've always wanted to invest so I'm glad
that J and I are getting into it now but
at the same time anytime I talk about
Bitcoin or anything like it I'm going to
tell you
never invest more than you're willing to
lose that's not to say that it's not
prudent to do so and that you're not
gonna gain some money but it's just
smart to make small investments
definitely do your research and not
pushing you guys into it just if you're
looking for a referral code that gets us
both ten bucks why not
also for the people watching on Twitch I
am gonna be taking Bitcoin donations now
my wallet code will be listed over at
twitch and it's also gonna be listed in
the description here so if you guys want
to support but you don't want to do
patreon and you feel more comfortable
with Bitcoin you can do so last thing I
promised a while back I opened my
discord channel to everyone not just
people who are supporting on Twitter on
patreon and so I wanted to just let you
guys know they'll link to my dis chords
in the description it's the best way to
DM me or to talk about things I have a
not-safe-for-work channel a gaming
channel a bunch of other things patrons
and twitch subscribers get access to the
whole thing while you guys will still
only have access to general channel ask
Tara and my DMS okay no more bullshit
cute clothes and TNA let's do it so the
first thing I have here it's very cute I
had to get it in white because it almost
looks kind of like an angel bra it looks
like this and it hooks around the neck
and I think this is just so cute it's
actually kind of like a regular bra in
that it actually has clasps in the back
it's not just something you put over
your head I got it in I believe large
yeah I got it in large I'm hoping it
fits my boobs as I get thinner it's
gonna be really annoying that I have to
buy a size large and stuff like this and
I'll probably not wear it as much
because the band size is so big but
right now it's okay I just think this is
so cute the lace to everything let's go
ahead and put it on Wow I genuinely
really like this Berlet the neck is
super hot and it actually works as a
catalyst for boob lifting it even offers
a bit of side boob the next thing we
have here is a pair of fleece leggings I
like fleece leggings that are supposed
to be skinny leggings because they're
like really stretchy but they're also
warmer now let me tell you Vegas winter
is beautiful it's actually like 70
degrees which in a place like Seattle
where it's more humid it feels more like
they're 40 or 50 degrees so it is cold
here but we get Sun every day no rain no
snow and it just feels really crisp and
nice I love it stuff like this is much
better in the winter because it's a
little bit thicker I did get this
enlarged because I wanted to see how a
large would fit I wanted to see if it
would be more like comfortable without
being baggy I feel like baggy sweat on
me so I'm gonna
more bottom-heavy if I'm not showing off
the shape of my ass and my legs it just
makes me look fat or like from B so I'm
hoping that this will be a happy medium
where I'm not like cutting off my
circulation with a size small but it is
tight on me tight ish let's try it I was
totally right about the large it's not
too tight on the waist which makes it
way more cozy the next thing I have here
is a black version of the white bra you
saw previously I bought all the bras in
black except for that one because it
just looks so much like an angel design
so now I have like an angel one and a
devil one I don't know if any of you
guys actually shop at Hollister it's
where I get like 90% of my clothes
anything that's not gaming related
either you guys sent me or my mom got me
or it's Abercrombie or Hollister that's
just how I roll mainly because they make
casual stuff that I can totally turn
into something sexy something my style
and I remember when I was in high school
and even a few years after they never
sold black but now that they're selling
black I kind of like it black on blonds
is hot and I'm not just talking about
the porn all right let's put this on
okay so I think as would be true to my
nature I like the black one better the
black one just says fuck me hard I'm
pretty much wearing a choker on my bra
alright now that we've got a nice black
bra on and I know this might be a little
confusing cuz while my bra is black
today the way I'm filming this video is
a little bit different I'm talking about
the products before I put them on and
show them off because I always found
that changing clothes made me so sweaty
and gross and fucked up my hair so
that's why but anyway now that we've got
a black bra on in the future why not a
beautiful flannel for the top this is in
medium it's like a distressed purple
looks like someone threw bleach on it on
accident or put it in the the bleach
wash and I got it in medium because for
flannels I like them to be a little bit
baggy it looks like they're gonna be
pretty baggy I don't know something
about baggy flannels tight leggings that
show my ass and a cute bra letter a tank
top underneath is just wow that's my
shit right now it used to be all about
the dresses before that I was all about
the skirts with the tank tops I think
after I got my liposuction on my legs
and now that I've developed more of an
ass through weightlifting and just fat
distribution no brazilian butt-lift but
you know my body's changed a little bit
and over the years I've found that I
look really good in leggings so that's
just kind of my thing right now alright
let's try this on oh these infernal
buttons come apart god damn you you
think
this would be more doable with nails but
it's worse I'm getting Pamela Anderson
vibes here I like it a lot it's actually
the perfect size and the perfect fit for
this kind of bra it gives it kind of
like a modern feel as I see a lot of
people wearing cutesy bras like this is
their main top what do you guys think
this is the next legging style thing
these are Burgundy they're called
joggers and oh my god they're stretchy
and thin I love stretchy I love them
maybe that's why I like skinny porn
stars I feel like most people won't get
that joke but anyway these look really
comfortable they have pockets I mean
they're burgundy pink ish and oh my god
they're stretchy like you could fit like
some of those fucking fat acceptance
movement leftists in here I swear I
don't know if these are gonna make my
ass look saggy to be honest I feel like
I should have gotten a small or an extra
small in these I might actually return
them or buy another pair that's extra
small because these types of leggings
are the ones that I want to be really
tight we shall see how they fit let's do
it holy shit these are comfortable and
look how my ass jiggles in them they're
like the thinnest most comfortable
things ever and you can wear them lower
and have less camel toe or wear them
higher and have more so fucking soft I
think I'm actually gonna buy more of
these honestly my favorite by far so far
at least the next thing we've got is
just your standard Terra Babcock Henley
cleavage shirts the standard shirt I
always wear but I like this one a lot
because it's in like a lilac purple I
have no like zero literally no lilac
purple color shirts or any kind of
clothing if I have purple it's usually
like a darker purple but this caught my
eye I like how it's ribbed and I decided
to buy it so I actually like this purple
one quite a bit it allows for literally
the perfect amount of cleavage just to
unbutton it all the way also I got in a
small and it's really elastic so it fits
really well to my figure and actually
makes my boobs look a little bit better
too so I like this one a lot definitely
two thumbs up as far as holster cleavage
shirts go
do you guys approve next thing we've got
is two different bra let's oh yes in
black as I said the reason I'm not
getting lighter colours anymore and I'm
just getting black is because black kind
of goes with everything and on top of
that I like to self tan and I also like
to have something that I can
after i self-tan as much as you would
think bras like this would work out for
a self-tan
they're always pink on the inside so if
I wear them right after I self tan
there's a possibility that I sweat and
then if I sweat I'm getting a bunch of
fucking color all over it so that's
annoying but this is a extra-large so I
was sure and I'm still not a hundred
percent unsure that an extra-large would
be far too big for me on the waist but I
wanted to try an extra large because I'm
the website on the size chart it says an
extra-large fits a 36d or a 34 double D
which is close to what I am and that
sounds like the ribcage aspect of it
isn't gonna get too big it's not like a
38d or a 38 C so they're still keeping
the waist area pretty small and I'm
hoping that this isn't too big for me or
too small for my tits as I am
technically an F cup the extra-large
actually does fit really well I don't
feel like my areola and my nipple is
gonna pop out of the top anymore
nor do I feel like I'm gonna have some
under boob on the bottom I like these a
lot although I do like the other ones
with the choker better just because it's
a sexier design and I don't have to pull
it over my head the other bralette is
like a racerback a really cute where you
sit back look like this look at this oh
yes oh it's like that kind of lingerie
you just want to stick on your face if
you're like a teenage boy and you're
like super into girls panty drawer and
you're just like oh I just want to stick
it on my face cuz it's all lacy and it's
been next to her skin I totally forgot
my bra without not lying either anyway I
think in a past life I was probably a
teenage boy and then I died before I
could mature enough to respect the
woman's anyway let's try it on that was
awful what the fuck okay so the back of
this one is super cute but at the same
time it's a large so it's one of those
ones where I'm definitely gonna come
flying out of it unless I'm very very
careful it's cute but unfortunately it's
too small for me so I'm gonna have to
say this one's my least favorite nothing
goes better with the black bra then a
wonderful flannel and I have this black
and white flannel here that we're gonna
be trying on I think this is medium as
well it's the same concept kind of
distressed but with a different
checkered pattern I don't have many of
these like cholo Mexican gangster
straight up checkered pattern ones it's
usually like more of a plaid so I
thought I would try it out
how I like it on myself maybe it's good
who knows let's try it on okay so this
flannel fits exactly like the purple one
did basically but I kind of like the
design on me better I feel like the
checkered design even though it's
something I've never worn before is
really cute
I like it do you guys approve I think
black and white with a black bra looks
really good too it screams I'm naughty
but I'm also kind of preppy cuz I'm
wearing a flannel and the very very last
thing I of course got this year's
Hollister onesie but there's a twist
when I went shopping
there was only extra small my other ones
the ones that are only shorts they're
not actually full leggings
those are like mediums so we're gonna
try to fit my fucking fat ass in here it
looks like it'll fit I still think I'm
gonna like it in either way I'll fucking
fit into it eventually alright guys
let's try this on and see if we we have
succeeded in a scary risky buy that has
a high reward which is of course one's
the ass okay well it is super tight on
me I did manage to fit into the extra
small barely stretchy onesies oh thank
all for being short and having a small
frame it's super cute the buttons are
snap I can probably pop out of them
let's try I guess not they're actually
more sturdy than I thought I think out
of all the things I tried the black
choker bra was my favorite I can't even
bend over this much or my boobs will
fall out alright guys I hope you enjoyed
this video I'll leave a link to
Hollister co.com which is where you can
shop for stuff like this I'm not sure if
anything sold out because of Black
Friday but I do really enjoy turning
girls and guys who are buying for their
girlfriends on the shitty Hollister
clothes I don't know it's just my thing
if you guys enjoyed watching this please
leave a like and subscribe to the
channel all the things I talked about in
the beginning of the video will be
listed down in the description and I
love you guys so much please leave in
the comments which one was your favorite
I'll see you on Friday for Friday night
mail next week we're gonna get into Tara
Reid's comments and maybe we'll do a
video about my political leaning now
that I actually have one please post
anything you want in the comments I hope
you enjoyed this let me know if you like
the new format bye guys
