hey guys welcome to a very serious
episode of sex ed with Tara I was
searching through your comments on my
previous episodes of sex ed with Tara
when it hit me I cover all of the fun
weird and taboo topics of sex but I
haven't covered the dark topic of rape
what rape is what to do if you've been
raped and the awful effects it can have
on your life if you're wrongly accused
of it and in light of the recent YouTube
scandal it kind of makes sense that I
make this video now anyway starting off
let me define what rape really is and
what the word actually means with all
the shit surrounding tumblr feminism and
how they love to claim that everything
is rape in this patriarchal world false
rape accusations are unjustly ruining
people's lives and at the same time many
women are suffering from being raped and
keeping it quiet
according to statistics gathered from
the rape abuse and incest national
network about 68 percent of rapes are
never even reported so because of all
that I just mentioned it's very
important that we're educated on this
topic and that people who feel that they
were wronged no matter who they are feel
they can come out and report these
things and that they have the avenues
and knowledge to do so okay with all
that being said if you were raped please
go directly to the police do not pass
Twitter do not collect 2,000 followers
our law system is meant to protect you
and serve justice let them decide what
punishment befits the crime and don't
take matters into your own hands
physically or otherwise claiming rape is
a serious accusation that can ruin
someone's life please make sure that you
were raped by definition before
reporting it do not be the person to
report rape and spite or an error
because not only are you hurting the
person you're accusing you're also
hurting all the other real victims who
are afraid to speak out making it
scarier for them dictionary.com defines
rape as a lawful sexual intercourse or
any other sexual penetration of the
vagina anus or mouth of another person
with or without force by a sexual organ
other body part or for an object without
the consent of the victim the
merriam-webster dictionary also holds a
similar definition the key word here is
consent if someone is touched or
penetrated you in a sexual way when at
any point you said no or didn't give
consent that's rape it doesn't matter
your age gender sexual orientation or
anything else under the Sun anyone can
be raped
you are not raped if you had sex with
someone at a party under the influence
of drugs and alcohol but regret it the
day after you were not raped if you had
consensual sex with someone at some
point and then decided later that you
didn't like having that experience being
shameful of a choice you made is not
being raped moreover if you were
uncomfortable with the sex you had with
someone but never actually vocalized it
and
instead your only display of discontent
was hints that doesn't count as rape
that is why it is so important to
vocally say no make sure the person
clearly knew that you didn't want what
was happening to you to happen to you
clearly another key word some people
just can't take hints and some people
don't know that you're not having a good
time just by the look on your face
especially if alcohol is involved if you
go along with it or consent to it in any
way you were not raped so please make
sure that you have the confidence and
the self-respect to speak up for
yourself and stick to the decisions that
you make real rape victims need help and
real rapists need to pay for their
crimes and again anyone who misuses the
word rape or misrepresents something
that happened it's just making it harder
for the real victims so you were raped
what should you do first go to a safe
place and make sure you feel safe there
you can even call someone that you trust
to come over and stay with you if that
makes things better for you secondly
call the cops as soon as possible
it is very important that you don't
shower bathe eat wash your teeth wash
your hands or anything like that before
you call the cops you'll want to
preserve as much as the physical
evidence as you possibly can
put all of the clothing that you were
wearing in a paper bag not a plastic bag
either after or before you talk to the
police and get to the hospital as soon
as you can ask for a medical evaluation
and a rape kit if drugs weren't involved
in any way make sure they take a urine
sample as well I recommend writing down
and recording your experience as soon as
possible for future reference people who
experience traumatic events often
remember things differently the day
after after they've calmed down and
they're in a different mental state you
definitely want to be as accurate as
possible but if you've made the mistake
of waiting you can still file a report
don't be afraid to speak out even if you
don't happen to get justice you still
can see it as closure and you can move
on also don't be afraid to come forward
if you know the person who raped you or
you were in a relationship with them
consent is still needed while in a
relationship and four out of five
instances of rape happened between
acquaintances or people who already know
each other you do have rights within an
existing relationship even if you've
consented in the past yes means yes
until someone says no at any point avoid
talking about the situation on social
media or any other public avenues until
legal action has been taken
telling your story is good and brave but
creating an internet mob cannot only be
detrimental to you and the person
involved it can be detrimental to your
case even if you feel that you're in a
healthy mindset it's important to go see
a counselor that special
and rape victims you definitely want to
make sure you can get back to a hundred
percent emotionally and continue your
life acceptance and moving on is a huge
part of getting over anything traumatic
I will be posting links and research
down in the description so if you need
any other help please refer to that
finally and I know this may be hard if
our legal system fails you and you don't
get justice from the person who did this
to you the best thing is to just learn
to move on and I know that's easier said
than done our legal system isn't perfect
and more important than justice is that
you can continue on a healthy life don't
let a horrific experience define you
destroy you or take away your identity
get help you can do it I believe in you
okay so personally I want to be to
advocate for men and women who were
actually raped as well as one for those
who are wrongly accused most people seem
to take a strong stand on one side of
the other but I think it's just as
horrible and scary to face life in
prison when you're wrongly accused as it
is to actually have been raped yourself
it's life-changing in life-ruining on
either side so I advocate unbiased
objective truth and I hope you guys will
stand with me let's teach confidence and
self-worth so less people stay in
abusive relationships when they
shouldn't and more people have the
confidence to say no loud and clearly
and also so that everyone who has been
wronged can have the clarity and bravery
to go say something about it to the
authorities instead of hiding away and
feeling ashamed not only will this
prevent some rape and unwanted sexual
mistakes it will also lower the
percentage of these unreported
atrocities unreported means unpunished
means more victims in the future
possibly thank you guys for watching
this video please like subscribe and
share and post in the comments which
topic you want me to tackle next time I
love you guys keep fucking consensually
