hey guys welcome to a brand new episode
of shit Tara says this is actually one
of my favorites of all time because it
has to do with a bunch of my gaming
videos I rage in this video I gotta fuck
to the kills in this video and I play a
plethora of different games and it shows
how many different games have actually
played throughout my youtube career and
twitch so I'm extremely excited about
this one needless to say citizens into
gaming video on my vlog channel I would
like to shout out my gaming channel
which is youtube.com slash tara babcock
games I would appreciate some support on
that channel as well and also have a
livestream at twitch TV / tara babcock
which i am on almost every night playing
league right now I'm playing slither io
Lazzari oh whatever dead pixels and the
division so come check me out come say
hi anyway the guy who created this video
his name is Benji James now this guy is
the epitome of the cute australian guy
Australian accent super happy go lucky
and people are saying he kind of looks
like Johnny Depp but I think he's cuter
anyway he also happens to be a youtuber
and a really great youtuber that so you
should definitely take a look at his
channel I have all of his links down in
the description so go check them out go
support them his editing is insane it's
like you spent so much fucking time on
this and I really appreciate that so
thank you Benji what a cute name too
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the video
well I get subscribe and subscribe to
Benji you'll like his content trust me I
hope you guys enjoy q the rage
I'm just gonna say fuck and then you're
gonna go go fucking fuck fuck fucking
fuck fuck oh my god oh my mother no no
no nope nope bitch what oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh I
just go rape that was not the best rape
no
you got dominated by like five guys one
of them was ur God oh and there's a cow
to fucking aah we've got a little blip
little big abuela what country you from
what what ain't no country I ever heard
of let's be ingress in what what uh what
time fucking oh we're gonna win because
she'd fucking you know oh what a fucking
english motherfucker do you speak it oh
my fucking penis you should see my
vagina she's got her looks like here my
tits in my ass remember thanks
Oh
formers are amazing so much
much power power overwhelming
oh my god this place you want to play
out love it's super team at stupid we're
hella winning by the way
Oh
this is so awesome I can't believe it
this really solidifies me as a real
youtuber and I feel fucking amazing
getting this just like all of my dreams
that slowly coming to fruition and
finally and putting my mark on youtube
and becoming something of importance
something that people would be like yeah
that's youtuber I know her as a youtuber
and all that stuff is just fucking the
best like thank you so much I thank you
you too book thank you everyone who
watches my videos thank you for loving
my games and loving my blogs loving me
just ranting or cussing you're talking
about stupid shit I really appreciate it
thank you so much guys don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and make sure you check out my Instagram
somebody posted pictures of this shit
hot thank you guys you are fucking
amazing or love you so much life
