hey guys at the time of my recording of
this video I have no idea if you guys
will ever actually see this video if
I'll even post it to patreon as a patron
only blog for the people who are very
very close to me and support my content
I don't know what I'm gonna do with it
but I'm going to try to be as thorough
as possible because I don't know I'm
getting anxiety I never get anxiety you
guys know a very logical person I don't
have very many emotions and I'm getting
anxiety making this video because I
don't feel like I'll do a good job
portraying what I want to portray
basically I feel like I'm not going to
live up to the reason why I'm doing this
video but I have an experience with Toby
Turner as well I actually made a video
on it where I kept his name anonymous a
while back so that will kind of add to
the validity of my story I have a bunch
of pictures with him in his house and
where we met at the the e3 afterparty
for Ubisoft in 2013 in June I'm in one
of his vlogs and I have a vlog that I
did in his house before WCS which is a
Starcraft tournament so I have a bunch
of proof to the fact that I actually
know who he is and there's going to be
cutting in this because I'm going to try
to make this as succinct as possible but
the reason I'm making this video is not
for views as you guys know especially if
you've been a longtime subscriber of
mine I don't really talk on topical
topics and by topical I mean YouTube or
drama even like political stuff if I
don't have a strong personal opinion I'm
not going to voice it I'm not going to
talk about it just for the views just
because it's a popular topic but
watching these other girls videos or
hearing what the girl Apryl who made a
tumblr post had to say just like really
made me cringe and I feel like he's
getting a bad rap from all of these
girls and I know that sounds so fucking
terrible I know it sounds like I'm
advocating rape or drug use which I am
not at all
I'm just advocating sticking up for
yourself and having self-respect and
making your choices and then sticking
with your choices so I had a similar
experience with Toby but the way I feel
about that experience is completely
opposite because I knew what I was doing
I knew what I was getting myself into
and I made choices and I stick with the
choices that I made whether they're good
or bad basically I try not to make
mistakes and if I do make mistakes I own
up to them so I guess let me just tell
you my story but to preface this if you
did watch Amelia talyn's video where she
talked about Toby
I was actually the girl that she
mentioned in the video who introduced
them and one thing to kind of prove
everything is based on perspective is
that she left a lot out in that video
she completely victimized herself which
is fine I mean some shitty shit happen
to her but she didn't mention that when
I introduced them she was married and
she went ahead and slept within the same
day of her own accord and took Molly the
same day of her own accord and the
reason that I stopped talking to her
among many other things in our
relationship beforehand as models and as
gamers and as friends was because on the
car ride home she told me that she
something along the lines of finally
knows what love feels like and to me
that was just like this is fuckin crazy
and then being that head-over-heels for
Toby had the audacity to make this video
later down the line without mentioning
all of those things and completely
victimizing herself just makes it seem
so scummy to me I made a video about a
year ago if not longer than a year ago
called my sluttiest moment and in that
ayah naanum asleep out the night that I
met Toby I met him at e3 in June 2013 I
think and we had a sexual relationship
for about four months after that but I
live in Seattle and he lives in LA so we
would see each other every two weeks or
every month or something like that
at first the second time that I went
down there to see him after the my
sluttiest moment incident which I'll
post in the description so if you guys
want to watch that
go ahead but basically I made a video in
2012 talking about my bucket list and on
my bucket list I said I want to seduce
Toby Turner that was one of the things I
wanted to do and so it felt like
serendipity when at this Ubisoft
after-party he was right there in front
of me dancing so I went up to him told
him he was hot he kissed me on the mouth
and his friend ended up giving me Molly
and I went home with him we ended up
having sex and I ended up throwing up
all over his bathroom and bleeding all
over his sheets and afterwards he was
really nice to me and he wanted to see
me again so when I came back about a
month later for WCS I went to see him
again
now the reason my experience with him is
so different from other girls is that I
don't date like other girls so right
from the get-go I was telling him just
be honest to me we can have an open
relationship I clearly have someone at
home aka Jay who is like my life partner
and I wanted Toby to kind of understand
my situation because I never lie to
people about that I told him I don't
care which girls you sleep with
I even like threesomes and I'm very open
with sex and that was the kind of
undertone that I gave the relationship
in the beginning now he was like in love
with this idea he kept telling me how
great that was and how he wants to find
someone who he can have a relationship
like I have with Jay
and he kind of seemed like he wanted to
make me that person he kept trying to
get me to fly down and move in with him
for a while do videos with him etc but I
laid down the ground rules in the
beginning saying that I didn't want to
just initially jump into making content
with him even though that would be like
a dream and so much fun because I didn't
want to feel like a disingenuous person
who's just making content with someone
or just knows someone or sleeping with
someone in order to get ahead in my
career basically I just respected him
more than that and I wanted him to be a
hundred percent sure he wanted to make
content with me after getting to know me
so Toby and I had a lot of sex anytime I
was around we would have sex like
Jackrabbits all day and then I would lay
on the floor naked and watch him while
he made content and that was extremely
fun for me the only thing I didn't like
was his affinity for drugs he always
wanted me to take Molly and the way my
body reacted to Molly was literally like
it obliterated my stomach I would
eventually end up throwing up every time
after the high kicked in and then for
the next like day and a half I would lay
in bed with my stomach aching and just
feeling like complete shit so after WCS
I went home and then he decided he
wanted to fly me in and it made sense
that when he's working I can go hang out
with one of his relatives who I actually
got pretty close to it but most of the
time he and I were just fucking and
bringing girls over to his house and
something I did notice with him and
other girls was that he was pushing a
little bit too hard like there was a
girl that he brought over who seemed
really really into him and you know when
you have like that kind of status that
celebrity status where someone wants to
sleep with you because they've been
crushing on you for a long time you do
have that kind of power over someone and
what that power does come responsibility
but I think it's a little bit ridiculous
for someone like April the girl who made
the tumblr blog post to sit up on a high
horse and say that she's trying to
protect the children who are watching
him because I mean what Idol has anyone
ever had who was a rich guy and wasn't
into drugs and rock and roll that's a
pretty common thing welcome to the real
world your idols are not who you think
they are your idols are just like
everyone else and they succumb to the
pressures of being super popular as well
it's hard and Toby strikes me as someone
who needs a lot of reassurance that he's
awesome like he would text me all the
time and he would text me private
versions of videos that are going to be
up or songs that he's made and like he
got so happy when I told him how great
it was and he would shower me with
compliments and I would shower him with
compliments and that's kind of how our
relationship was but I knew that he was
unstable mentally from the drugs to just
really
eating that gratification of sex and for
me like the way I live in the way I deal
with my sexual relationships isn't
because I'm addicted to sex it's more of
a healthy like I just want to have as
many experiences in my life and I don't
want to hurt anyone so I'm honest about
it
whereas Toby liked the idea of the life
that I was leading but was doing it in a
very pushy kind of way so back to the
girl story he brought a girl over one
time who wasn't really that into
threesomes or whatever and was clearly
uncomfortable and he was kind of being a
little pushy about it but it didn't feel
rapey
and I remember bringing him outside and
being like she's not into it you should
probably back off and I mean he listened
to me and she ended up leaving and it
was like no big deal I've seen him with
other girls and he never treated them
disrespectfully and I'm not saying that
any of the things that these people
experienced didn't happen I'm just
saying that if you have the self-respect
to be like no and like lay down ground
rules then he respects it
so after WCS he flew me back down and we
had a long talk about how I didn't want
him to fly me down I didn't want to pay
for it and if he's going to he's gonna
have to find really really cheap flights
and he's gonna have to make sure that
that's what he wants because like a
hundred bucks for a flight from Seattle
to LA is like nothing for him but back
then it was and even now it's kind of a
lot for me so I was like okay whatever
and I flew down and I stayed with him
for like a week lots of sex lots of
drugs lots of girls and then I got to
the point where I was like I'm not gonna
take Molly anymore and yeah he was a
little bit pushy about me taking Molly
he wanted me to do it because he said he
doesn't have as much fun if I'm not also
doing it and I mean that makes sense you
never want to be the person who's sober
hanging out with other drunk people but
I sure do I am just as fun and loosened
up when I'm sober and he asked me if I
would try Molly and this is going to be
embarrassing for him probably but not
for me because I don't give a shit up
the ass to see if it's less potent and
makes me less sick and then if it still
makes me sick I don't have to do any
more so I tried it and it still made me
sick so I ended up not doing it anymore
and he didn't push anymore and it wasn't
a big deal but for me drugs is kind of
not something I want to do and I made it
clear that if that's what he wants to do
with his life he can do it just I'm not
going to do it anymore and we had no
more problems so we had a pretty great
time and obviously I'm leaving out a lot
of the details because I don't feel like
that's the point is to tell you guys all
the nitty-gritty when this person is
having a huge problem with people trying
to slander their character this isn't
supposed to be a fun sex stories video
where I keep
the person anonymous so I can tell you
exactly his dick size and exactly what
he did and what his fetishes were I'm
just trying to paint a picture of the
type of person that toby is and the type
of personal torture he has that kind of
makes it clear that he is the way that
he is so I went down there another time
after that and in the middle of my stay
down there he told me that he wanted to
actually try to have a monogamous
relationship with his assistant or
something like that and I was like okay
I respect that so I was hanging out with
that relative I told you about that I
got really close to and then her and I
got into a fight and I was just like
okay I need to get my stuff and leave
because clearly I came down here for
Toby and now it's not making any sense
that I stay here and I wanted to respect
his wishes I ended up going to his house
to pick things up and we ended up
sleeping together and then he kind of
told me that he changed his mind about
the whole dating someone thing and I was
like cool as long as you're sure and
this whole time he seemed very insecure
about everything he always needed people
telling him he's attractive people
telling him that his content is good
people telling him that it's funny I
remember he would record videos and then
come and ask me if it was funny and then
get like oh my god no no I should redo
it it was really bad it was just like he
was definitely very damaged and I knew
that coming into it but I thought that I
could give him kind of a foundation to
indulge the things that he wanted to
indulge like the sex and I guess the
drugs if he wanted to while also having
someone he can turn to that he can
actually be honest with and as far as
being sexually abusive I remember one
time that I asked him to choke me and he
felt really bad about it and only did it
for like two seconds very lightly I
can't imagine him being more rough than
I would want and yeah I like rough sex
but that's just not the relationship
that I had with him I had no problems
with that and as far as verbal abuse I
can't even imagine that really he said
nothing to me but that I'm perfect I'm
amazing I'm gorgeous I'm awesome there
was never any talking down to me or
anything like that again not saying that
these things didn't happen I just feel
like there's different contexts two
different things and you can't just
immediately paint someone as a villain
especially just because you heard some
shit on the internet so anyway I went
home and he came down I think in
September of 2013 for PAX Prime and
during that time he came over to my
house and that's when I got another
glimpse of his pushiness he wanted to
bring some girl over to my house and I
told him that it's not okay you can't
bring some other girl into my house and
then he was like oh come on just let me
give her the address come on it'll be
fun and I
no that's kind of a rule of mine I don't
want people knowing where I live I don't
want people I don't trust coming over to
my house people that I don't know that's
just not something that I do but
ultimately he was fine with it but
during his stay at my house he ended up
walking around my kitchen in my living
room and like I know this is going to be
embarrassing for him but I really just
want to paint the picture of the type of
person that he is to me the type of
person that I saw that isn't all just
evil and bad and doing things for his
own gain I remember he actually kind of
started having a panic attack about how
he's never going to find anyone like I
have J someone that actually understands
him someone that he can actually do the
things he wants to do with it he doesn't
have to lie to that he can be honest and
himself with and it was really sad to me
because I already had this setup I can
be that for him but not in the way that
he wanted and it seems like he has a
real problem with sex and instant
gratification and being told that he's
wonderful
and so he needs that pick-me-up from a
lot of different women yet he's very
jealous so he kind of wants an open
relationship
that's one-sided and that's not
something I could give him because you
know I have J and I'm not gonna just
like pack up and move and give away my
freedom for that and it was sad to see
him like that and it's sad to be
tortured like that and I feel like he
needs help he doesn't need ridicule and
honestly the person that I got a crush
on watching his gaming videos was not
the same happy-go-lucky person that I
saw after I met him where it just seemed
like he was so like in his content he
was just so jittery he was just clearly
on drugs he looked less healthy than
usual it looked like he was aging him
and I was worried about him so during
that trip here to Seattle is when I
introduced Emilia talent to him the girl
who made the other video so I'm not
going to go into too much detail but
after his trip to Seattle I was a little
bit frustrated with him not for anything
that happened here but because I was
hearing stories that didn't correlate
with what he was telling me and like I
knew the kind of person that he was and
I knew the situation that he was in but
I always made it so easy for him not to
lie to me I never got mad at him about
anything I never said you can't do this
you can't do that I never tried to force
him into a monogamous relationship like
he would constantly tell me girls are
hot he wants to screw other girls he
would bring other girls over with me
that was fine to me
so the fact that he was lying to me
about certain things I was just like
okay you know he's doing a lot of drugs
he's into a lifestyle that I'm not into
and I'm going
stop going down there because I feel
like it's unhealthy the way he's taking
what I said about my lifestyle like he
was taking my healthy happy lifestyle
that works for me he was using it as an
excuse to not be an honest person when
the way I do sex is like completely
honest and completely open and there's a
trust you build and if I can't have that
trust with a person then I don't want to
sleep with them anymore and I don't feel
comfortable being in that kind of
relationship with them if that makes any
sense so honestly I was a little sad
that it ended that way but we remained
friends and he texts me like once a
month maybe more and we talk about
things we talk about gaming we talk
about his relationships I knew that he
was dating Jaclyn Glenn but anyway I'll
post her video down in the description
she knocks this topic out of the park
basically what I feel like is there were
a bunch of fangirls
that see Toby as so attractive and so
smart and so awesome and they want to
make content with him and it's not
necessarily an attention whore thing but
it can be and then they get to meeting
him and knowing him and they end up
doing anything for him because he's like
their Idol instead of actually having
the self-respect to be like whoa these
are the boundaries this is the kind of
person I am okay you're not gonna have a
relationship with me I'll leave and like
when you read the blog post from that
girl April it's just like she keeps
going back and you know at some point
you know fool me once shame on you fool
me a hundred times it's kind of my fault
too and I'm not saying that Toby's
without his flaws because he is
definitely a sadly flawed human being
he's fighting demons that none of us
understand so to sit there and judge him
just because you saw him as someone who
is some heavenly non-human being because
he was an idol to you it's just a little
ridiculous I've never had him forced
himself on me I've never had him feed me
anything without my knowledge when I
firmly say no no meant no and I also saw
him interact with a lot of other girls
so I feel like these girls that are
making these hate posts about how he's a
rapist or forcing drugs on people if
that did happen which I don't know and
you don't know either because you
weren't there I really don't feel like
Toby could have possibly had malicious
intent I feel like it was just a mistake
he made or he got carried away or he was
high or something and these are not good
excuses that just excuse him or absolve
him in any way but to ruin someone's
career someone who's already so fragile
just seems so fucked up so that was my
experience with Toby Turner and without
giving away all the details of what he
likes what's kinks are which
he slept with I'm not going to do that
because I'm not here for the attention
I'm here to just make you guys see
things more logically as I always try to
do if you guys know if you guys are
longtime viewers of my channel you know
that I have a very logical view on the
world I have many philosophies that
aren't in line with a lot of other
people's and I've talked about rape
accusations before and they are so it's
so fucking horrible like I can't even
describe how horrible guys must feel who
make a mistake that isn't actually rape
like for instance having sex with
someone who's too drunk or if some girl
just gets mad the day after or is mad
about something else and tries to
slander him by saying that he raped her
like that is terrible and it can ruin a
guy's life and I want to be the Advocate
being honest and actually saying what
happened without my own personal
negative feelings getting in the way so
I hope this helped you guys and I hope
you guys see things with a clear head
and don't start pitchfork hang on the
internet just because it's the new
dramatic thing to talk about and
hopefully you guys just put yourself in
Toby's shoes and try to understand the
stress of going from being a nobody to
being very very popular and having all
of this power at your fingertips
but still feeling so lonely I can see
that and even though I don't have that
problem and even though I don't have the
addictions that he has I worry for him
and I care about him because of our
history and deep down I still know he's
that just funny guy who likes to make
content for anyone who wants to watch
I'm not even going to give you the like
the video and subscribe to the channel
shit and hopefully you guys can be civil
in the comments usually I welcome hate
comments and stuff but just try to think
before you post this time that's all I
ask
I feel like a weight has been lifted off
of me now that I made this video I
didn't know how I wanted to do it how
much detail I wanted to give but I feel
so much better like I felt like I needed
to do this and I never have anything to
hide I feel really bad for him and I
hate drama and I hate people who try to
jump on bandwagons of drama so yes he
likes drugs and sex I'm sorry that your
world was shattered because you thought
he was some kind of clean slate and not
like any other human in the world who
has temptations all right guys
bye
