hey guys so today I thought I would do
something a little bit fun hopefully my
mic isn't fucked up for the last couple
days okay since I had to take my camera
off of the stand and bring it over there
so I could record the the Genesis
unboxing if you guys want to see that
it's down in the description and also on
my gaming channel YouTube back on flash
tear Babcock games but I thought I would
do something fun and flirty today so I
haven't had this mic plugged in but
that's why the sound in the last like
two videos was kind of shitty and I'm
sorry about that I don't think it's that
much better like you can't hear the
difference how can you it is the
built-in mic when I have music over it
so hasn't been that bad but I'm glad
that I remembered to plug this in but
hopefully it's working well because I
didn't test it because I'm fucking lazy
but anyway so today I decided I should
add Maria brink who is the lead singer
of in this moment which is my favorite
female lead metal band and I just don't
like female growlers usually and she
doesn't growl as often as she sounds
more poppy and she sells really heavy
music but I fucking loved her lyrics
like so amazing I can relate to them so
much they're so sexy and you know
sexually charged and like there's like
animosity in there and I love it so in
this moment is a band that I've been
obsessed with for a couple months now so
I added her on Instagram because you
know she's a pretty blonde why not um
and I saw that she took a picture with
Jacoby Shaddix if you don't know who
that is ridiculous name I know he's the
lead singer of Papa Roach and he
reminded me of how I used to have a huge
crush on him when I was younger so I
followed him on instagram as well too
bad he's married I'm not really that
into him anymore but he does look better
now than he used to and that gave me the
idea to do like a fun little kind of
embarrassing but not to me because I
don't really feel the emotion
embarrassment snarly a thing for me a
video on my crushes from my teenage
years and like my celebrity crushes and
stuff so and it's kind of like a coming
of sexuality coming-of-age type of video
too and I figured it would you know
maybe give you guys some laughs so my
first ever crush of all time was John
Cleese in his prime time obviously in
his prime time in his prime years when
he was like doing Fawlty Towers I maybe
even like before like Monty Python type
stuff right um and I thought he was cute
and I really
sense of humor and those two things
playing very well and I was really young
like too young to even experience my
sexuality so it wasn't like a sexual
thing it was just like I really like
everyone hang out with him he's so cool
and um it was kind of funny because
there was a certain point where that
like liking someone because I just
wanted to be around them or like I
didn't know why didn't know why I had
this feeling turned into like something
that was more sexual so he was my first
celebrity crush but it wasn't really
sexual and then I discovered my body at
the age of like nine or something I went
through puberty pretty early I felt a
sec I felt like I was becoming a sexual
being after I got my period when I was
nine and things started changing for me
and I started to desire different things
so my first sexual celebrity crush and
this is going to be ridiculous it's
still hilarious to me is mmm now I had
this like look I've told you as a story
before kind of but not in detail I have
this I had this like it's like a you
know how people like girls especially
used to buy magazines well I had this
like pop culture magazine or I think it
was maybe even like a rap magazine and
it was like it had black and white like
like posters or something and one of
them was of Eminem and he was like
sitting like this I'm gonna see online
if I can actually find the exact picture
that I'm talking about but he was
sitting like this with his white wife
beater on his blonde hair and I put it
up on my wall because like I liked his
music and I thought he was awesome and
it's like pretty much the only like rap
like generation I liked was him and
before like 90s rap like Tupac and stuff
like that other than that I'm a hundred
percent a rock girl whether it be
alternative rock or metal
I even like some country which a lot of
people don't I think country can be
really beautiful like if you guys want
to listen to a country song without your
bias and stuff that's really good you
should listen to what the fuck is the
name of it what hurts the most
just google that and listen to it's so
fucking beautiful that song
um and I hate the thing that people say
like um I watched a Q&A by Rob Dyke
recently and know hey - Rob Dyke is one
of the people that I watched the most of
most YouTube videos up but um he said
something like I don't like country
because I have already owned a truck and
I've already had a girlfriend and a
breakup and like that's what a lot of
people saying it's just like fucking
bullshit right like first of all you
want to relate to your music like mo
more often than not that's good to
relate to the lyrics of your music
because it makes you feel something
because you can relate to it and it's
something that you've gone through so
the fact that he's saying he's already
had a breakup and already had a
girlfriend and already had a truck and a
dog like yeah you should be able to
relate to these sentiments but not all
country music is like that I don't like
my grandma's country I like the more
like poppy newer country that kind of
has like a pop like it has like a puppy
backing so it's not just like straight
up like redneck bullshit if that makes
any sense they do still have the country
accents but whatever what the fuck am I
talking about um Dierks Bentley that's
another guy I had a crush on when I was
you know um a teenager like I don't know
why he's like totally not my type the
curly hair and shit but something about
him I just liked him and that's a
country singer so anyway I would stare
at this picture of Eminem and I'm like
oh my God he's so hot and I'm like 9 or
10 and at this point I was already
feeling like horny and stuff like that
right so um I knew what happened during
sex
I knew that the penis goes into the
vagina but I didn't really know anything
about like my body and what I liked and
I didn't know about my clitoris and
stuff and it took me a really long time
I remember the first time I masturbated
was with this like thick sharpie
- that fucking stupid picture like oh my
god so fucking stupid and it like wasn't
that he was so hot in that picture is
that that picture helped me visualize
having sex with him you know kind of
like in my head porn that makes any
sense but um it's so funny that that is
my first experience with masturbation so
Eminem's kind of like my first time in a
way but after that I started like coding
my room in posters and I would have like
posters of like Lincoln Park posters of
I had like a slipknot poster that
someone gave me but I didn't like
Slipknot back then because I thought
they were like Korn and I listened to
corn and I hated Korn back then there
are some good Korn songs don't get me
wrong but back in the day when all of
the guys that I absolutely despised like
Korn likes corn and they were like oh
you choose corner Slipknot but they're
basically the same thing which I do not
agree with by the way I just never gave
Slipknot a chance but I thought their
masks were cool so I had a Slipknot
poster and I had like 25 fucking Eminem
posters and I had these like really
fucking rare Eminem posters my dad would
take me downtown
to get like a bunch of posters and I
would have gaming posters as well or
like anime posters that like Peeta
Pokemon posters I had so many fucking
Pokemon posters I had this one that had
all 151 Pokemon and it was like in
Japanese because you could only get it
there was like these stores downtown
that sold records and they also sold
like really rare posters and so I found
a bunch of posters of M&M with his shirt
off and I was like posting them
everywhere and I'm like oh my god I'm so
hot and like I had literally my whole
room full of like anime gaming and like
music posters and at some point I took
that stuff down but that was basically
just like the fodder for me just like
looking around been like oh I'm you're
so hot I don't know why I liked him I
even wrote him a couple fan letters
which is kind of hilarious
um but I just really liked his music and
for some reason I liked him even though
he's also not my type but it's the first
experience I've had with liking muscles
on men I was like ooh that's really hot
that's manly not that he was too
muscular and he's like super short but
like back then for me like you don't see
guys my age like 10 11 12 that had as
much muscles as you know mmm does right
so that was something that I was looking
forward to growing up and dating guys
with muscles you know another celebrity
crush I had was the fucking lead singer
of Linkin Park who is fucking so ugly
like what is my problem like especially
now he like shaved his head like if you
see him and there was a Saw movie that
he was in like one of the saws like one
of the later ones he was in it and like
look he's like not hot at all he looks
trashy in my opinion but um I had a
thing for him as well I guess it's just
like when I really like a band I try to
find someone in that band who I thought
was attractive but one of my main
crushes was the lead singer of Papa
Roach I thought he was adorable and he
does have an adorable face but he was
like chubby back then I don't know now
he's got like blond hair that like
sticks straight up and it's like that
style I like what's long on the top and
nothing on the sides and he got a little
bit of muscle and like a lot more
tattoos and he just looks kind of badass
so that just reminded me of that time
I'm trying to think of other people I've
had a crush on I'm like now I have
crushes on people like usually there's
someone I could see myself getting with
maybe just for a night or something in
TV shows that I watch or movies that I
watched and stuff and it kind of brings
a little extra spice to watching TV
shows in movies if I'm like now
something you know I'm saying I also had
a thing for this kind of ties in because
this is why I had a thing for him I had
a thing for Kevin Kline I don't even
know if you guys know who that is I only
saw him in like a Fish Called Wanda or
something which is a John Cleese movie
as well with Jamie Lee Jamie Lee Bruce
Lee Priest as a bodybuilder Jamie Lee
Curtis and some other people and I don't
know why I liked him in that movie it
was just like oh and I had a thing for
like a bunch of the other guys from
Monty Python like Graham Chapman and
stuff I was so fucking weird when I was
younger because all of my friends were
like the Hanson brothers oh my god
Justin Timberlake is so hot oh my god
Backstreet Boys uh-huh and I'm like
don't these guys kind of look like girls
don't they dance kind of like girls
aren't they kind of girly and I never
really liked the girly thing I liked you
know like rockers and people who are
hardcore and people who had like a
little bit of muscle or had something
badass about them but was also kind of
cute like a cute face with like
something badass about them was kind of
my thing and it still kind of is but
it's like progressed to more of like a
fetish where I'm like big ass
bodybuilders and blue you know type of
stuff um I'm trying to think if there's
anyone else that I had a crush on well
Ben Affleck longtime one this is like
the fifth time I've talked about him if
you guys watch my most recent shit Tara
says Nicholas else actually got like
three of the three of the four times
that have talked about fucking liking
Ben Affleck it's so hilarious like how
many times I've talked about this but
yeah I don't know what do you guys is
like teenage crushes what do you guys
celebrity crushes like who is the
hottest celebrity celebrity to you and
do you feel like he would be as
attracted to them if they weren't a
celebrity that's something Jay and I
will we're also talking about he likes
Kate Beckinsale as an actress he thinks
Kate Beckinsale is hot and stuff and um
I was saying like don't you think it
like I don't like I would never tell
anyone like I've slept with some people
that you guys would know the name of or
I've like messed around with some people
and I have sex stories about these guys
right but I don't tell you who they are
and that's not interesting to me what's
more interesting is that I've had that
you know experience that have had that
you know relationship not that I can say
that I have because I don't really kiss
and tell unless the person wants me to I
love being out in the open with
like a bond that I have with someone
like if they wanted to be like yeah I
fucked her about cock could be like
that's cool whoo I thought let's talk
about it but it's not something I do
personally because I feel like that's
you know betraying a person's trust and
I feel like one of the biggest things in
sex is to have a bond of trust where you
know that that person isn't gonna fuckin
talk shit to you or rat you out what the
fuck is on my foot what the fuck is that
it's like soap or something a soap on my
foot anyway um but I was talking to Jay
I'm like wouldn't you rather have sex
with Kate Beckinsale just to say that
you've had sex with someone that you've
been like pining over for a while like
every time you see a movie like oh and
you think it would be interesting to
have sex with someone with that status
or that you've seen do these things in
these movies wouldn't that be more
interesting to you than having sex with
someone who's like a lot hotter and I
think that phenomenon especially the
whole like not thing and I would do but
a thing that most people do is like I
could say I thought blah is like more
interesting than how hot they're and so
a lot of celebrities are put up on a
pedestal like oh my god whoever and
whoever so hot but really they're just
like a normal girl you've just seen them
in so many movies you feel like you kind
of know them and they're like rich and
they like live in these mansions and
they feel untouchable you know because
you see them on the screen and millions
of people see them on the screen and
know their names so that kind of adds a
little bit of novelty to them it's not
necessarily that they're like the
hottest things in the world so I can
kind of see through that a little bit
but I would see having sex with Ben
Affleck as a conquest that I would
definitely choose over having sex with
like the sexiest bodybuilder ever who's
just a nobody because not that the
sexiest bodybuilder ever would be a
nobody but like if he was just a hot guy
right I feel like it would be a little
bit more interesting of an experience
because I've liked him for so long or
whatever but um let me know you guys
think on that topic as well uh yeah
celebrity crushes we don't talk about
this shit much because I'm not very much
of a pop culture junkie and I'm a little
weird and I have a little bit weird
tendencies and stuff like right now I'm
high I have like a I feel like I'm
fulfilled on the man side of things like
Jay is getting bigger than ever and he's
been working out a lot more now and he's
always been like a bigger guy he's tall
he's always been muscular even since I
mean he was like lankier but muscular
and cut and stuff when I met him but we
were liking
was in ninth grade and he was in 11th
grade and I feel like I have my fill
like I am satisfied with manly men and
it's not that I don't like manly men
like I love bodybuilders and I love big
guys and I love strong guys but um
lately I've been having a weird fetish
for like kind of girly guys that I would
see if I had sex with them it would be
more like of a like a lesbian encounter
you know type of thing like I've talked
about this the guy okay so one of the
guys and he's gay it's funny um one of
the guys is a penguin from Gotham I
talked about this before that I had a
crush on him and like I would totally do
him but he's gay um he's just so cute
and like like oh it's like two girls
messing around but he has a penis like
that's the best like I've talked about
how like I wish I could have sex with
Gigi gorgeous like pre removal of her
penis like she males are really hot
because they're like beautiful like
women you know like they're cute like
women just like these guys that I'm for
some reason finishing over but they have
a penis and the penis is like the best
part oh my god no if they had a big
penis that would be like fuckin best of
both worlds right but the newest crushes
that I have is not really a crush it's
just like I'd fuck that guy you know is
I don't know if you guys have watched
the show penny dreadful with Eva Green
and Josh Hartnett but the guy who plays
Dorian Gray like I forget his name his
first name is something really fucking
stupid reve reve Carney is his name and
you guys can look that up or maybe I'll
post a picture or something but I would
totally do him and he's so pretty
he's like oh you could be a girl or a
guy I can't tell and he's so thin and
like when he's not in that show he's
kind of like got this like rocker vibe
and it's like yeah so point being I
usually find it more fun to find till I
have a crush on someone in a show and
I've had a lot of weird celebrity
crushes that are not the norm but I
still have my normal type my perfect
type which is like a bodybuilder guy and
I I think I have a lot of crushes on
guys that I something is attractive
about their personality and they're just
cute guys or they're like really good at
something and they're just cute guys
like I am like all over the place I just
like sex and I like to you know explore
an experiment and you know all that shit
so celebrity crushes down in the
comments hope you guys enjoyed this
rambling you
guys on Instagram chose this lip color
which is the lip color Scarlett it
matches my fucking nails and it's like a
clumpy lip thing but you know whatever
those don't work they just make you feel
minty which is nice I like the minty
feeling because it makes you kind of
like go like like you want to go like
that because you're like oh they feel so
big like I'm feeling every you know
millimeter of my lips I don't know which
measurements I should use but I love you
guys like the video subscribe to the
channel let me know if you like rambley
random impromptu vlogs where I just talk
about random shit and get a little dorky
yeah bye he
