yeah I feel like I'm making progress
with the weight loss hey guys welcome to
a new episode of fanservice Friday at
the show that has nothing to offer other
than intuitive fanservice with the
message that you should never take
yourself too seriously and you should
have fun with your sexuality and then
spit it up I actually talked to that
best
pretty cool huh it's talent anyway a lot
of you haters and naysayers who only
like TNA probably never liked this one
so have fun with the dislikes bar I
don't give a shit about you for the rest
of you who have always supported my
content please do take a look at my
gaming channels youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games and twitch.tv slash Tara
bad cop I'm online live almost every
night and the commentary on my game
YouTube is so fucking funny I think so
so other people must think so too
somewhere out there someone with my
sense of humor I like kindred spirits
and you guys are like my family so I
want to give back with a little
fanservice this week of my lips should
be fun right also if you want to support
more fanservice more giveaways none of
that please check out
patreon.com/crashcourse
you
you
all right you guys enjoyed this
ridiculousness this was like really fun
for me I like putting on lip gloss I
like my lips and it was just like a lot
of fun sorry I forgot a little weird
with the blood and the brushing my teeth
thing but you know some people have
their fetishes anyway this was just a
little casual and isn't fun of my lips
because I know a lot of you guys have
been saying do lips fanservice so I did
and I hope it's satisfactory like the
video subscribe the channel and check
out my gaming channels I really
appreciate your viewership especially if
you're one of those people who isn't
just here for the fanservice and sees it
as a plus if you're just here for the
fanservice try out one of my other
videos they're actually pretty good I
try it to my own horn but my girl
that was weird alright guys I love you
thank you what see you in two weeks with
fanservice Friday
