hey guys welcome to a new episode of
taro reads comments if my tan looks
blotchy it's because I fucked your dad
last night why does that just make me
look bad and not make you angry it's
like hi fucking dad or wow she likes old
dudes but with your mom it's like your
mom is so nice and you got to protect
her so if some dude comes up and says I
fucked your mom you want a punch it
doesn't work so well when I'm out
fucking your dad does it anyway let's
start reading some shitty and good
comments first let's start off with a
shout out Joshua Cooke says hey Tara I
love your vids and I love you and it's
my birthday on the 20th of April if it's
not too much to ask
we wish me a happy birthday please I
know it's a little early but yeah happy
birthday Joshua you have the same
birthday as Hitler isn't that like say a
cool not really regardless I hope you
have a good birthday fake-ass gamer
cover yourself up you're getting people
harmed is that a bad thing I like being
the female version of hard is there
something wrong with your penis you use
your body for views your garbage lul no
you just clicked because of my body I
have the correct intentions to be free
and happy with my sexuality and to
continue to be myself no matter how many
hate comments I get your intention to be
a dick on the internet about something
you know nothing about also what gamers
can't make people hard
it's a weird prerequisite there yeah you
might unlock Venus but I have the key to
unlock Uranus this made me giggle thank
you use makeup on your boobs it looks
ugly I don't really even know what he's
saying because of the bad grammar or in
English is he saying I do use makeup on
my boobs and it looks ugly or I should
use makeup on my boobs because they look
ugly right now either way I don't use
makeup on my boobs there's a lot of
boobs I don't want to spend that much
money on makeup I agree on your stance
about butt implants you can't beat a
nice natural booty yours gets two thumbs
up no dirty and you endo intended you
sir have a dirtier mind than me because
I never once thought about sticking two
thumbs up my butt like the video if this
guy has a dirtier mind than you
definitely not something to be ashamed
of by the way
boobs boobs boobs boobs boobs boobs tits
tits tits tits tips tips on the same
video quote Eastern Europe is like the
asshole of Europe end quote
white racist slut confirmed I think
that's a little bit of a stretch now
let's go ahead and write a comment that
does make me a white racist slut
by the way bitch learn to take a joke
idiot fuck tard commenter confirmed I
bet that 50% of the people who watch her
videos are just staring at her big tits
my tits what one of my tits which I want
to motorboat them juicy tits
that escalated quickly it's he talking
shit or just fapping over my tips
probably the latter
I like the controller but your breast is
better space exclamation point
exclamation point exclamation point
exclamation point
well the sensor on those controllers is
pretty bad so I would say my tits are
better
agreed so my last Friday night mail
Ellie sent me the best ABCs of Terra
hand-drawn book and then my buddy Nate
actually decided to make an ABCs of Tara
of his own so I just wanted to give that
a shout-out on the show because fuck
yeah positivity creativity a is for
animal lover B is for Batman games
c is for crack as bad kids D is for
Digimon sex
I hate Digimon he is for enjoy your
gifts f is for famine Tutera fabok it's
like being fabulously fat G is for
gigantic tits
H is for honey pop in my fans I is for
in the pleasure zone J is for juicy
female face is he gonna cannibalize me k
is for kind of small L is for licking
pussy n is for mother lode and it's for
not the best I've had
sorry that's a good one I was for orgasm
P is for penetration Q is for quantum
leap in sexual relations r is for retro
games S is for Star Wars
t is for Terra's the queen of my heart
Oh U is for universal greatness V is for
virtual reality W is for wet wet pussy x
is for x marks the spot
y is for you z is for zombies
motherfuckin zombies this was a great
idea for a card
kudos thank you mate that was great you
rock thank God you have nice sex tot see
I mean if it has the word sex tonight I
probably do have nice it but I don't
really understand what it is could you
please elaborate in the comments you
should do a whole video with nothing but
pasties on I have link will be in the
description enjoy fanservice Friday or
May
you don't see those videos because
you're under 18 you are such a bitch
how about you go and work at a place
like that you diva shit damn I like your
videos but after this you just showed
what a shitty person you are yeah be
happy that you got someone fired when
this could be his only income I'm really
disgusted by you okay this is the only
time I'm gonna reply to comments like
this that I got on my video about
getting someone fired so basically the
guy completely fucked up the order did
not speak any English even though he has
to talk to people in his job was rude
and dismissive couldn't find my
apartment and forgot a lot of things in
the order it doesn't matter if that's
his only income he needs to be able to
do his job in order to get the income
that's like saying how about you give me
a job in quantum physics and when I
can't do my job at all you still have to
pay me it doesn't make any sense to get
paid you have to be able to do your job
at least minimally at least minimally
and if you're gonna work with people
please know enough English to work with
people there are plenty of other jobs
where you do not have to interact with
anyone wow that was actually a serious
reply because a lot of people were
saying that stupid shit like someone
shouldn't be fired if they can't do
their job like what it's like you wanna
live in communist Russia or something
everyone can get that any job funniness
Italy moving on I'd rape you and hide
you in a dumpster what if I just refuse
to go in the dumpster is there like
killing involved after the raping and
before the dumpster I'm confused and
another sweet comment Alex Newsom says
just wanted to comment after being a
long time lurker you're worthy don't be
so modest
you put yourself out there doing what
you love despite all the hate I always
see in the comments section you're
awesome and one of the most opinionated
and smart girls I've seen oh that's so
sweet thank you so much see these are
the comments that I actually pay
attention to the other types of
commenters I just kind of feel bad for
and like to make fun of moving on a is
for all simmers all simmers as I forgot
everything while looking at you at least
he didn't call it old-timers that's what
my mom calls Alzheimer's it's the dudes
last name people like Cushing's disease
it's just named after the first dude who
had it or the first scientist who
figured it out speaking of long names
have you heard of the place in Wales
called we're gonna try to tackle this
word today Ontario reads comments let me
zoom in latter fare pool going in Olga
greet you Iran
burg rub auntie sill go go go I can say
with full confidence I've literally
never heard of that place
thank you for making me aware of it I
feel like you're trolling me yeah let's
throw another nice one in there
Master super blaster great name by the
way says you're a cool chick everyone
should be this open-minded and non judge
or daugther people's preferences agreed
I mean even if you think my point of
view is wrong my point of view is the
positive one is the one that doesn't
cause me to post hate comments on other
people's channels because I have nothing
better to do with my time and on a sad
person and it allows everyone else has
different opinions for me to just do
whatever the fuck they want and then I
support that even if I don't like it
myself it's the happiest way to be oh
one of my most common haters keep your
friends close but your enemies closer I
know where you live jeez iliyan he says
look like you have tit comitia is that
even coherent what is tit chlamydia does
it make your tits bigger should I get it
seems like she enjoys every shit kind of
funny because the only thing I don't
really enjoy is shit maybe he meant
everything but shit when you were
talking about him just getting to the
lobby and standing there helplessly and
made me think of a fucking Sims when I
was younger locking him in the bathroom
or trapping him at the pool hahahahahaha
you might be a sadist don't worry I did
that too I would lock two people in the
bathroom together and hope that they
would become romantically involved
because it was so fucking hard to create
relationships and the people that I made
for each other like if I made me and
then I made my boyfriend
they were never fucking like each other
ah it was one of my first PC games by
the way my boyfriend hugs other girls so
when I go to college I want to get a new
boyfriend why wait also he just hugs
them look at that father hears so much
you should just tell him I don't really
want you hugging other girls and if he's
well aware that it makes you
uncomfortable that he hugs other girls
and still does it just numbers s right
now he doesn't respect your wishes and
you guys just are compatible but maybe
you should rethink that amount of
jealousy also what's at college just
like plethora of men do you need a
boyfriend at all times what this is one
of my favorite ones hopefully I can make
something funny out of it it's a good
thing you're pretty just stick to
flashing your fake tits and nearly every
thumbnail of your videos or as you girl
gamers call it feminism there are no
girl gamers that are feminists or
especially not that kind of feminist
least of all me and then listen to the
incredible irony in the second paragraph
also no need to pontificate and try to
sound interesting with your pseudo
advanced vocabulary pot calling the
kettle black holy shit and few talent
times are talking about female
objectification when you are in fact yet
pitted me of objectification you
literally only looked at the way I look
did not listen to a word I said on
objectification and then went and looked
up a few big words because you heard me
talk like I normally do and you thought
that sounded really smart to you and as
a girl gamer feminist girls like this
really need to get fucked stop being on
their periods and stop bitching too bad
you're not pretty or smart shut up do a
video with that face for four minutes
done how the fuck should I supposed to
factor this video when you're constantly
talking show me a juicy duck face and
let me think of spreading all of my
juices all over your face and lips you
got it there you go four minutes is
probably a little too long for you to
last more like four seconds that was
probably a typo enjoy this stupid whore
looks like she got raped by her brother
when she was 13
PS your tits are way too big consider a
breast reduction based on your picture I
would say you should get a whole face
transplant because I don't like the way
you look so I definitely think you
should change yourself just because of
that also if this is the look someone
gets from being raped by the brother at
13 more people should get raped for
their brother at 13
she's so cocky I can't take a joke she
stepped into herself I can't stand her
I'm an only child and I have a very
functional on healthy home life both
parents know sexual abuse spoiled only
child lots of video games it was fucking
great one key factor my parents didn't
raise me like a religious little shit
and instead taught me that I can make my
own decisions in my theory is that
everyone should do whatever the fuck
they want in life I like this look I'm
gonna stick to the big tips Thanks holy
shit this bitch knows her shit I love it
when I say things like this and people
go
don't call women bitches and I'm like my
gun actually opened up at the barrel to
allow the gigantic bullet I just put in
my head to get through context people
bitch is not inherently disparaging just
calm down I love that comment by the
that is the best way that you can tell
me you enjoy my videos alright guys like
the video subscribe to the channel
subscribe to my gaming channel
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games and
there are less comments over there so if
you want to get into Tara Reid's
comments might be a good place to start
well keeping my gaming videos some love
hope you guys got a little laugh out of
this and I hope you guys are enjoying
the few and far between nice comments I
put in there to kind of make things more
positive I loved making from the trolls
but in terms of giving spotlight to
people I definitely want to give
spotlight to the people who support me
because what I do would not be possible
without you guys and I love you so thank
you I will see you in two weeks with a
new Terry's comments don't make the
double bun
