hey guys so I realized yesterday that
it's been a while since I've done a sex
story and since I'm kind of trying to
give a little roomed in between each sex
story because I have had a limited
amount of sexual relationships in my
life and usually when I do these sex
stories I tell you about the entire
relationship rather than just one time
that we had sex unless one time though
we had sex was the only time we had sex
as is the case with the German butt lash
it was two times in one night and I
actually neglected to say that because I
totally forgot that he woke me up in the
middle and then had sex with me again
which was pretty cool
especially because it was daytime and he
didn't like the lights on I did so I was
like yes daytime we have some vision
anyway um so today is going to be a J
sex story which is going to be fun and
it's one of the most memorable moments
in my life not because it was bad not
because it was amazing but because the
thing that happened during it was just
fucking hilarious but first I'm going to
tell you something to make this video a
little bit longer and because I like to
give you a little a looking glass into
my life and things that have been going
on so yesterday I discovered the way
that I can jump rope with long hair now
I've been having this issue for a long
time I just started jump roping one of
you guys sent me a jump rope I think it
was Robert Tong and I really enjoy jump
roping I did when I was younger and it's
something that I've been doing is cardio
but when I put my hair up in a ponytail
my hair flips up and catches because
it's so long it catches in the fucking
jump rope and then fucks me up and it
happens every time so I'm like okay I
have to wear a bun
I wear a bun I wrap it tight and the bun
just falls out within like 10 jumps
right so I'm like wat da fuk I wore even
more like another rubber band around the
first rubberband to try to make the the
thing stay up and it didn't work I've
tried to do like a low ponytail but it
did the same thing sits still too long
so what I started doing is I will braid
my hair really tight in two braids like
little little school farm girl braids or
whatever and I can jump rope just fine
so I did that yesterday now when I go to
the big gym not the gym in my apartment
complex and not running on my treadmill
over there I have to shower then go to
the gym then tan because tanning and gym
are right next to each other and imagine
me going to the gym coming all the way
home then going back to go tanning it
just doesn't make any sense it does it's
not good
I have to tan or I have to shower before
I tan because I have to like scrub my
skin and make sure it's all nice and
there's not any dead skin on it or
whatever um
so yesterday I did that and then I came
home edited a fuckton I edited for like
five hours or some things I had to do
the new game release news which is on my
gaming channel you should check it out
if you want to know which games indie
and mainstream are coming out this month
man I am on a roll I hope you guys can
understand me I know I have a lot of
English second language viewers and a
lot of you guys like you talk too fast
but anyway I'm just trying to get to the
actual good sex story so um I took my
hair out of my braids which had been in
for fucking like 10 hours and my hair
was like crimped right and at first I
always thought that was gross when I was
younger they used to happen to mean I'm
like it's all fluffy then when I brush
it it's like poof but I streamed and
like all the all my girl viewers and
like J and everyone were like oh your
hair looks so nice well J didn't sound
like a little bitch like that but you
get my point
um so I tried to replicate that today I
got out of the shower i braided my hair
really tight I like blow dried them like
crazy but I only had like two hours of
editing to do so this was my result this
was all I got there's like a little kink
right here that's all I got my hair does
not hold a curl so that's why I usually
have straight hair because this is just
my natural self anyway sex story so my
friends and I even before J we used to
go down by the SeaTac Airport the
Seattle Tacoma International Airport
which is the airport here in Seattle is
the biggest one and my parents lived a
relatively relatively close to that so
that was kind of a place that we hung
out and along that strip the the fucking
they used to call it something where
hookers used to be and that's where the
Green River Killer like picked up
hookers and killed them or whatever and
my mom actually worked in the 7-eleven
and knew some of the girls that got
killed by the Green River Killer which
is highly interesting to me because they
would come in and buy things at the
store and talk to her about being a
hooker I guess I don't know anyway so we
should go down there and we would enter
all of these like higher-end hotels like
these like three to five star hotels and
we would go use their pool as teenagers
and we would like either have someone
open the door for us to the pool or we
would obtain somehow a key card because
a key card would be laying around and
eventually they'd get deactivated but it
was like really nice it was really fun
I particularly liked the Marriott in the
Hilton now the Marriott had a really
cool indoor thing and every once a year
they would have this like animecon where
people would dress up like insane
fucking anime video game characters and
I loved going there at that time because
it was so lively and amazing in the
indoor pool was like it was beautiful
try to find pictures online that flatter
it or make it feel the way that I feel
when I think of it nostalgically but we
used to do that and we would go in there
and we would swim and sometimes we get
kicked out sometimes we wouldn't but
there wasn't really that much danger
because as a minor you can kind of get
away with a lot of things you know short
of murder without actually going to jail
or getting any reprimands whatsoever so
when Jay and I started dating we were
dating at first now we're you know
different and I don't put labels on
things and we're not exclusive but you
guys know that about me I don't do
exclusive relationships I don't think
it's logical doesn't make any sense but
anyway so um when Jay and I started
fucking I guess will say I started
taking him along with me to these places
and he and I would go alone often
because you know you kind of just like
edged out the friends because the
boyfriend material person is your friend
and your fuck buddy so it's like even
better right so I would hang out with
him a lot and we went to these places
and we really liked adventurous sex so
we've had sex in the stairwell of the
Hilton we've had sex in crowded hot tubs
and we even had sex in the pool while
other people were in the pool during the
daytime and it's kind of hilarious
because part of the struggle is trying
to make sure that nobody realizes we're
having sex and just thinks we're
cuddling or I'm sitting on his lap or
we're just making out or something and
nobody ever caught us except for this
one time we were at the Hilton and it
was broad daylight in the middle of
summer and we were in the pool and we're
in the deep end so there weren't that
many people in the deep end because
usually it's just like parents chilling
and his teenagers in the low end like
throwing a fucking blow-up doll a beach
ball or ever the fuck and um so I was he
was hanging on to the the whatever's the
the things that helped you get out the
sides of the the ladders whatever the
fuck I can't talk of course they're
gonna be loud in the hallway I fucking
hate this I need a house you know a
house is like far away from other people
so I can just
be loud as fuck and my neighbors can be
Gladys fucker doesn't matter because
they're over there in their own little
fucking bubbles own the fucking people
across the street have a goddamn baby
and the baby is the loudest fucking
thing in the world I don't know how
these people haven't gone insane and
murdered this baby yet maybe it's just
me not having any emotions and hating
babies or something but I cannot stand
it every time you're walking by every
time they're walking by you know they're
walking by it's the worst thing ever so
anyway um we were in the pool in the
deep end he was holding on to the bars
and he was fucking me we were making out
and it was supposed to just look like
we're making out and I will never forget
these words that I hear so this woman
with a like two-year-old daughter who's
like nude comes up and she goes she's
like looking at us and we're like what
she's like you're clearly fucking and
and it was just like the most
exaggerated British accent in the whole
world and Jay and I have brought this up
as a joke like our entire fucking lives
like all the time like at least 2030
times we like make fun of that or like
any time a British person says you're
clearly something or has a good an
exaggerated British accent and it's so
hilarious and it was so it caught me so
off guard that first of all she's saying
the second of all she's so British and
it was hilarious and Jay goes because
the Jay's fucking chi-chi's fuck he goes
yeah well your little fucking daughter
is naked get that shit out of here or
something like that like I don't know he
would probably relay it better but he
was like so hilariously rude and the
bitch like scoffed and was like so angry
that response like like he was serious
like he thought that it's not okay for a
two-year-old to be topless and you know
that we don't want to see that shit I
mean we don't want to see that shit but
I mean she's not even undeveloped human
being yet and it was just so fucking
hilarious and I don't even feel like it
could have been possible that it was
clear I feel like she just had an
inkling for that and wanted to come up
and say that to you know make us feel
like insecure about it or whatever but
really if you're fucking having sex in a
pool with other people around in broad
daylight
you probably don't give a fuck right and
that's kind of how we were in we were
young younger so like we couldn't get
any like indecency charges we would just
kind of get kicked out but nothing even
happened from there we like I think we
even finished it was fine it was great
and one thing I don't miss about those
days is a lot of people think that it's
fun to have sex in a hot tub or section
water even sex in the shower
like sex in the shower is fine if you
have the shower for it that's like big
enough and has like places you can stick
your feet or place you can stick your
hands or maybe a place that he can sit
you can sit on top of him but water
actually acts as an agent that washes
away anything that makes anything
lubricated so it kind of dilutes my
natural lubrication or any lubrication
we might be using and it just makes so
much friction and it's so awful and not
only that when you're in a pool and
you're fucking or you're in a hot tub
and you're fucking it like goes up
inside the girl and I'm not you can get
a UTI from that and I get i get UTIs
very easily like i UTIs from nothing
like I'm just like hanging out mind my
own business
oh god a UTI I haven't even had sex yet
I'm like ten and um so that was kind of
a shitty point in my life that I was
just like well it's more fun to do crazy
shit and to have sex in weird places
than it is to be you know healthy in the
vagina parts and I would be walking
around for days like leaking this is one
of the reasons I don't like a guy like
other than the fact that it's not as
visual I don't like a guy coming in me
um if we're not using a condom like J
and I don't use a condom because you
know we're always tested and we always
trust each other we use condoms and
things with the people but like um it
just it's not visual like I like to just
come all over come all over me
everywhere but like um it like leaks out
in a very like not fun way and it gets
on your panties and then it crusts of
your panties and it's gross or you have
to wear like a tampon after you have sex
and then you have like a tampon full of
cum and I don't get to taste the cum
that goes inside me I don't it just
feels awful it feels like you're slowly
and consistently peeing out sludge and
it's really fucking awful and if you're
a guy like most of you guys are who are
watching my channel it's it's not the
most pleasant thing in the world and I
don't really understand why our bodies
are made that way I feel like our
vaginas should be on top of our heads or
something so that when you come in it
it's like a cup and it stays there right
and then it like just absorbs and then
the it can like you know go out and do
osmosis from the top or stay in there
and make the bitch pregnant in the
bottom or something like that just seems
better to me I feel like our Creator
like fucked that up but um I hope you
guys enjoyed
sex stories video I have tons of sex
stories with J and I which is kind of
cool that I can do these little snippets
of our relationship that are like funny
sex stories and stuff well I also have
the entirety of relationships that I can
talk about like the German guy or the
YouTube guy or the twitch / YouTube guy
and it's interesting to you guys I
really have been wanting to do an
extrapolation on the my sluttiest moment
video where the guy gave me Molly and
then I fucked him and blood on his bed
and threw up in his house and then we
went back to fucking like that video
will be down in the description if you
haven't watched it yet but I really want
to do a video on the entirety of that
relationship I there's the fucking baby
oh my god I didn't let I walk by they
can hear me talk like my whole apartment
is extremely insulated so like if I'm in
the bedroom and I'm fucking the only
place you can hear me is outside the
door because the door is not as
insulated and you can hear the baby in
and they can hear me out so they want to
hear me talking about sex and fucking
I'm not gonna fucking stop until their
baby's gone so what the fuck this is
like the same thing you're clearly
talking about sex yeah will put your
fucking baby away right anyway I hope
you guys like this video and let me know
in the comments if you're really
interested in hearing an extrapolation
on my sluttiest moment with the YouTube
guy because that is a crazy and probably
long story and it's it was like in a
relationship that spanned an amount and
we still talk to this day but we're not
sexually involved anymore and I was mad
at him for a while and now I'm not and
now I feel for him now and I like him
and I for some reason I feel like I have
a bond with him now after all this
happened but whatever and I understand
him a little bit better when you're when
you're in a relationship and you're mad
at the person for doing something
whether it's a friendship or in like a
family type relationship or if you're
just fucking and they do something and
you're like at the center of it and
you're feeling more emotions than you're
seeing logic like often you can't look
at it objectively
and I feel like that is part of what I
did and that's not something that
usually befalls me having to you know
just like throw logic out the window and
like act on my emotions and be more mad
and I sure though it's not usually
something that I do but I I guess how
you felt I don't know we'll talk about
it in that video I love you guys thank
you for watching like the video
subscribe to the channel and let me know
if you are still enjoying my sex stories
see you next time bye oh and are you
clearly fucking I wish I could do it as
well I also can't wink and my hair is
not Frizzle II like I wanted it to be
hey guys
