hey guys Nicholas L stock is back at it
with a new shit Tara says and this time
it is all about cock how much I like
cock and how much I like Ben Affleck it
should be pretty fun as always post in
the comments what you think the series
Nick will definitely want to hear and
check in the description for his link to
his tumblr and his patreon he works
really hard on a bunch of sexy gifts and
these shit Tara says videos and remember
if you want to make your own shit Tara
says go for it I don't hire these guys
to do it it's a fan driven series so if
you want to create something for the
series or you want to get a little
exposure to your channel do it send it
to me and I'll put it up feel kind of
bad for Nick because the day after he
sent me the video I had talked about
liking Ben Affleck again
missed opportunity alright guys enjoy
hey guys I don't know have a video to do
today I just really like my hair so I
just have to do a superfluous video
because why not I have a list of things
that I'm going to be doing as videos and
I don't know what the fuck topic to pick
men trust me it is great that you have a
penis take it from me I would do a lot
of really depraved saying this was my
penis after coughs onto people's faces
fuck people in the ass fuck people live
Aegina decide which is better and you
know have gay sex have straight sex have
sex with multiple people at once I would
just do a lot of things with my penis I
would have sex with my couch the best
thing about a man is like a hard long
throbbing penis and a big thick go
before a big brain but I like big dicks
rough sex hair pulling spanking slapping
and consensual rape what is the smallest
cock you've been with well I've been
having sex since my early teens so four
inches or something which was smaller
than a guy who I had sex with in the
same year who had like five and a half
inches okay so like you can't orgasm
while sucking a cock but I really enjoy
sucking cocks this is it pretty much
everything but I'm not like world the
class at anything maybe giving blowjobs
will the class of giving blowjobs I
would be like a crazy penis masochist if
I had a penis for a day what did I
consider a big dick anything above like
six and a half inches I would consider
big I don't discriminate against like
race or gender it just has to be you
have to turn me on
length times diameter plus weight over
girth / angle of the tip squared okay
when we are talking about penis size we
can't just use a tape measure we need a
scale and a protractor as well let's
look at it on the graph here follow
along with me on your study sheets kids
this week sex that topic is porn versus
real life yeah the girth and the length
just complement each other so nicely and
those three things in the bottom side
near your friend limb I'm so amazing
calm down bro
I'm leaving your dick sucks I'm not
attracted to this I'm not sticking this
anywhere near my mouth it looks like a
fucking elf shoe turned up little
fucking thing with a tiny head and hair
going all the way up the shaft and it's
the fucking worst thing in the world you
don't want to have sex with that I'm all
for acting slutty and then he bangs me
over yes it's a penis broom sweaty balls
yes I want you to take my dick from mom
say I will gladly tase your dick that's
like that's a given I will tase anyone's
dick that's hilarious
what do you suck my dick no I love the
giant just like hard throbbing
veiny man not obelisk that is a penis
favorite sex position is doggy style
100% that's where you feel the most pain
and you can get your face pushed in a
pillow think penises should be huge I
think girls should be impaled it fucking
feels good to add a little bit of the
pain he and I were making out on the
couch and I didn't really feel it and
then I felt it and it was small
not all men have huge penises 1.2 inches
why would they tell everybody that they
want to measure my wiener fine but don't
put me on blast Craig Tucker two point
four inches yeah that's about right
butterscotch 2.2 inches good I'm in love
with Ben Affleck I have been forever so
I would fuck the shit out of that deer
would you never know Ben Affleck is my
only persisting celebrity crush
throughout my like entire life so I am
100% for Ben Affleck whatever he does
never raped me in the butt I don't care
just fucking do it Ben Affleck thumbs
ups and yeah he looks like and good as
Batman he's got the fucking face shape
for the fucking mask and shit in the
body for the suit oh and he's tall yeah
I was masturbating to you last night
looks like the extra happy with you a
sexually satisfied woman is a happy
woman look at that smile
dropping my phone between my tits I
tried let me try again
ow I don't have like a gaping reef on
the gap between my tits or it's like oh
fuck it fella now I just have to let go
down into the crevice that is my fucking
cleavage bye-bye
fullscreen sub 5 - I have this chair
that's made out of like elastic things
so I can bounce like much easier it's
really funny tits are just so great are
they not oh I just wouldn't be like them
so insecure and lonely Oh like what is
he thinking of me every time I do
something is he like watching the way
that I smile and he's just like staring
and being he's like having all these
feelings about me and that's so weird
and creepy oh you care too much about
your appearance I only care to judge you
on your appearance oh yeah all right
that fucking bitch just held up magic
cards and looks
choose the fucking slider I want to like
rape their mothers would you rather fuck
a goat but no one knows I'm not fucking
go but everyone thinks you fucked a goat
why would you give a shit if anyone
thinks you've done something of course
I'm gonna choose the one where I did
what I want and you should rather tickle
thing weird question but how can I stop
temptation to masturbate one learn how
to spell temptation to just masturbate
even the straightest man likes his woman
in porn to be taking a big huge cock so
have more sex plus Thank You vagina
I'm really fucking mad at a delivery guy
for not being able to find my apartment
you're really fucking mad and annoyed
and I'm like so fucking frustrated and
they forget to take the fucking the
Canadian bacon off the sandwiches or
whatever and I'm like oh and then I open
the door and he's like just a really
like sad pathetic confused person with
like a nice demeanor and then I I feel
like I don't need to I don't need to be
angry at him anymore Deathstroke sounds
like the naughtiest shit like some guy
who was just like totally into his
masturbation and he that last stroke was
that death stroke man I leave you guys
with that thanks for watching don't
forget to follow my stream subscribe if
you'd like to support me and subscribe
to my youtube channel which is the best
next time on shit terraces
it was a great day for fishing in
Spooner bill so goofy and his pals
headed out to the ocean with their boats
cruising for the big ones an open-water
pete and pj were suddenly caught in the
ominous shadow of a gigantic ship spj
we're on board victims of a pirate
kidnapping so spectacular in every way
you bring light into my life bends you
almost make me forget all about oh oh so
good in my tummy yummy yummy give me
more I love you Ben you almost make me
forget about
