hey guys and welcome to a new story time
video I'm recording this the same day I
recorded the day in the hot tub sex
story but I just took off my jacket to
make it a little bit different I don't
know why it matters what I'm wearing and
like I would feel so disingenuous if I
uploaded 20 videos in a row like
spanning 20 days where I was wearing the
exact same outfit I don't know why that
bothers me maybe it's just kind of a
visual thing on my end where I'm like oh
I really like the fact that I own a lot
of different outfits and I think they're
cute and I like having different looks
in my videos I don't know but um today
I'm gonna tell you about the Amazon
shipping debacle and it's actually an on
track debacle if you guys have ever
gotten anything shipped to you buy it on
track you will probably feel my pain but
this is actually a hilarious story with
a hilarious twist because yeah I'm just
not gonna tell you the twists I'm gonna
tell you the story and I'm trying to
become a better storyteller because I
feel like being a good storyteller and
being a flamboyant storyteller that's
really interesting to listen to and
stuff it's like a skill that is it's
very desirable to me so I'm gonna try to
obtain that skill by you know practicing
and practice makes perfect right also
one of my favorite types of YouTube
videos to watch or story time videos so
I always like to make content that I
would watch myself here we go so if you
guys watch my stream or pay attention to
me at all on my gaming channel or my
Instagram so youtube.com slash Sarah
Babcock games and twitch.tv slash Tara
Babcock and Instagram at Tara Babcock
you would know that J recently bought a
new video card because his video card
could not handle the game Tom Clancy's
the division which we're currently
playing after we play a little bit of
league on my livestream and I'm also
uploading videos on YouTube that are
like more highlight II anyway um so he
needed a new video card my video card is
just better like my computer overall we
built my computer to stream to encode to
render things and to just be a fuckin
beast and we spent a lot of money on it
so my computer is better than his which
is kind of counterintuitive because he
is more of the techy kind and when I say
I'm not as techy as him I'm just saying
he actually went to school for like
computer sciences and shit like that and
you know computer engineering and I am a
way better than average
at computers person okay so like he's
just better than me
but I'm not awful so we built the
computer together and his just kind of
sucks because it doesn't do much other
than you know play League of Legends and
watch my stream so um we ordered it on
Amazon we ordered it overnight because
he has Prime that's just like carrying
over from what he was going to
university so we're now paying for it
but we pay for Prime because we'd like
to be able to get things for free quite
often with two-day shipping or one-day
shipping so Amazon fucking loves to use
this company called
on track it's on track in the Pacific
Northwest and elsewhere like in the East
Coast it's a different company but on
track is basically it's not DHL it's not
UPS it's not FedEx it's not a giant
conglomerate it's like a tiny terrible
awful service and they just like to kind
of skimp out on the costs of shipping I
guess um and if you guys look it up its
I'll tell you this later this is not
this is not the good part of the story
but anyway so we hear that it had been
shipped at 5:00 p.m. the day before and
we didn't get any knock on the door I
was up I was waiting we waited the
entire day and we're like ok I guess
they just sent it to our our fuckin
apartment office right and our apartment
office is this like it's like much
easier to find than the actual units so
a lot of people a lot of delivery guys
who like kind of suck will either come
here knock on the door and leave a note
that says you have a package and then go
put it in the office or they'll just go
straight to the office but this was
something that was supposed to be
delivered straight to our door it's over
$400 and we were waiting for a knock on
the door because it's 24 hour service
not get here within 24 hours and then we
have to wait until the next day until
her office opens to go get it right so
that's the first part that was really
frustrating to me is that we never got
that knock on the door that we were
waiting for so we had to wait another
day to play the division because he was
having like the most insane like the
video the video card was just not good
enough to to handle the division it was
like flashing anytime he's indoors it
was just like flashing and causing like
epileptic seizures and he was getting
nauseous and he just couldn't play any
of the
norman's and it was pretty frustrating
so the next day we go down to the office
and the office at this point happens to
be being renovated so they have their
office in the most obscure farthest away
from us possible area that is way harder
to find in our apartment and we're like
ok we really hope that our package is
there right because of art like if the
guy can't find our apartment if the guy
can't do the decency of at least
knocking on the door like he's probably
not gonna be able to find this pseudo
office that they have in place of you
know the regular office that's really
easy to find while they're doing
construction so we go down there and we
ask the chick can you look and it's just
like the little black chick who kind of
has an attitude whatever and she goes in
and she checks and she's like it's not
there and she takes like a fucking year
and they have it in like they have all
of the the packages that they've accrued
while they've been having construction
in like this storage unit near this
pseudo office and so she looks forever
she comes out it's not there he says can
you look again he is Jay by the way and
so he looks again and there's never been
a registry of the package she's saying
she doesn't see it she looked everywhere
and it was kind of annoying because she
comes out and she hands me my package
which happened to be the little packing
labels that I bought it's irrelevant
like when somebody buys an autographed
image on patreon I want to have the
little sticker that says Terra's p.o box
and then I just send it off and I don't
have to keep writing my address over and
over so I had bought those too and it's
a terrible talk and then my address and
so she when she came out she was like is
it the same name and we're like no and
then she's like okay well it wasn't
there under your apartment number either
and I'm thinking okay that's a little
bit probably not true because Jay has an
insanely crazy name it's a really long
really weird really ethnic name and his
name's not Jay by the way his name is
yovan so and his last names really long
so it has nothing to do with my name and
I'm like yeah can you just go check
again for you know yovan because it's
not under Tara so she goes in there and
she checks for another fucking hour
again and she comes out and she's like
it's not there and I'm like okay that
really sucks
so we go back into the apartment and by
the way I'm waiting on another door -
order while this is happening and I knew
that I had a long enough period of time
to you know wait because door - takes
fucking forever and if you guys watched
my door - rant which you can look at
down in the description they're fucking
awful but I'm still using them because I
literally don't have the time to go out
and get things and it's really nice to
have that service and sometimes they do
it perfectly but anyway so I go out and
I go back to the apartment while he's
still like having her check around and
see if anyone else had seen it in the
office blah blah and he's like really
kind of like oh my god where's my shit
it's fucking four hundred dollars and we
really just want to play the division
god damnit you know we're paying for
this service so we can get it in one day
and now it's been two and we still don't
have it so I go back and I'm googling
what I can do
meanwhile Jay is talking to the chick
and the chick apparently says that the
on-track people are fucking awful they
hate dealing with them and occasionally
they'll like just just deliver things in
the weirdest places and we're like what
the fuck how can this place even be in
business a much less why would Amazon be
doing business with them if that is the
kind of like way they conduct themselves
so I'm looking online trying to figure
out what I do if my amp my on track
package is missing and so I'm looking
online and they're saying well you know
you have to call Amazon just wait 36
hours and then call Amazon but I decided
to call Amazon as soon as I got my door
- stuff which was hilarious because
during my looking this up door - is
calling me so I answered the phone and
I'm like yeah and then I can't fucking
understand her they go through Google
Voice or something so that they can call
me through a number that's not the
number on their cell phone and it's
sometimes the worst quality and she's of
course again a foreigner and she's like
I went to your door and you didn't
answer and I'm like where are you now
why did you leave wait it's like okay if
someone doesn't answer their door you
call them but you don't leave right so
I'm on the phone with her and I'm like
where are you and she's like not making
any sense and she's cutting out and then
I hear in the background a male voice
and she hangs up on me and I'm like what
the fuck and like five minutes later
which it probably wasn't five minutes
but it felt like an eternity Jay shows
up with our food and he's like yeah I
saw her like in the lobby going the
absolute wrong direction so I just
grabbed the food and I'm like how the
fuck did this bitch on the phone know
that that was a person who was even
related to me in any way like with that
person could've just stole my food thank
God it was Jay right and that's
like just another hilarious little
snippet of doordash debauchery fuckin
awfulness
but I'm not mad anyway I didn't give her
a low grade though because she didn't
bring me something I don't remember what
it was yeah I didn't get my diet coke
again fuck anyway so um we are looking
online and I'm calling Amazon and I'm
like okay can we do something about this
and Amazon is like well we're gonna
issue an investigation to on track and I
I'm a bitch I'm a huge bitch you guys
know this to people who are doing their
job incompetently but Amazon is not the
people doing their job and confidently
it's on track so if I was speaking to on
track the person who delivered my
package like a fucking imbecile I would
have been meaner but I'm like I'm very
genial and I'm very good at handling
these things if another person isn't the
person who wants to handle them and J's
I guess not great at handling things on
the phone so I'm like I speak to your
manager please and I'm talking to her
about how this is like part of the way
that I do my job and I need my computer
to work and I'm like fabricating it a
little bit but really that's just how it
is I can't stream a certain game that
I'm supposed to have videos for in a
certain amount of time without this
video card and I'm saying I don't want
to wait 36 hours I don't want to wait
the investigation time because honestly
I really just need this thing and I paid
for the 24 hour service and that seemed
to work and she's like okay we'll issue
a replacement and at this point Jays on
his phone looking up problems with
Ontrack and literally there is a Twitter
account dedicated just to retweeting
people who have problems with fucking on
track and let me like tell you a few of
these stories that we read while we were
reading this on track throws the package
15 feet to the person's front door on
track looks inside the package to see if
it's something of value and then
delivers it opened on track just leave
things at the top of steps in an
apartment complex then kids take them
and just have them and it doesn't matter
the value it's just like whatever they
never have anyone sign and the thing
with our package was that it was signed
by front doors so James is googling on
track signed by front doors and
apparently front doors when they need a
signature front doors is what they
fucking put so they can forego the
goddamn signature and have
no one signed for it and they just like
say Oh your front door signed for it
fuck you fuck your package doesn't
matter how much it's worth like what the
fuck my mind is blown that the Better
Business Bureau or someone has not like
trampled on this company and pooped on
it because what the fuck right and so
we're like half cracking up at this half
like super concerned that like we're not
gonna get our money back but thankfully
they said they were gonna send a
replacement who's gonna be 24 hours
shipping I was like can you please don't
make it on track so we had another one
coming and they were gonna investigate
with on track as well and so we're just
like thinking okay it was signed as
front doors on track is fucking garbage
on track is a bunch of people in plain
clothes that aren't even like a real
large conglomerate conglomerate or a
business and Amazon just likes to skip
skimp on the fucking delivery service
here in the Pacific Northwest so we're
just thinking hundred percent it's on
tracks fault
and we're like okay at least we're
getting one by tomorrow well Jay is
looking through his email he never
fucking lips through his email and he
sees a fucking email this is the twist
he sees a fucking email from our
apartment complex the administration
office saying you have a package at the
exact time that front doors signed for
it the other day so we're like why the
focus of the save front doors and our
apartment is the one that fucked up so
we and so Jay goes back down there I go
back down there and we're like you guys
fucking sent us an email saying you got
the fucking package where's the package
so they're looking again for like ever
and they're not finding it and they're
saying that you know they weren't there
at the time they went home at five
o'clock it came at 5:30 and like I'm
just like oh my god NJ at this point
being the fucking ridiculous angel that
he has you suck so bad for Amazon and
Amtrak that I don't I keep saying Amtrak
on track that they're you know shipping
us another one when it's not our fault
it's not their fault blah blah blah now
they're you know losing money at our
expense it's kind of our fault blah blah
blah and I'm like dude whatever and so
he's asking the apartment complex place
like like what are we supposed to do are
we supposed to just accept this second
graphics card like did one of your guys
here steal it did you guys like look
inside of it and find out it was a
fucking graphics card and some like
nerdy fuck
like oh I would love to have this
graphics card because I don't have my
own and just steals it and then it's
never to be seen again like what the
fuck is going on it's been like two
weeks and they still haven't found this
fucking graphics card and this
investigation hasn't really resolved I
don't even think they'd do a real
investigation I feel like the first
person I talked to at Amazon was just
gonna write me off and I would have
never heard from them again
but since I asked for a manager they
were kind of forced to actually do
something about it so now we actually
get our package and I'm very grateful
that Amazon did that but I think you
guys should check out that if you've had
any problems with Amtrak on track sock
not Amtrak god dammit I it's so funny
because one of my viewers recently said
that she was having a problem with on
track and then rubber tongue it tells me
that these Gunners that he bought me
they're having a problem delivering to
my peel box and of course it's on track
so on track is a piece of shit company
that's just like a fact they do crazy
shit with your box they just throw it
they just leave it they don't give a
shit they sign by your front door which
is an animate object like this doesn't
make any sense
and I just can't believe it was my
apartment complex but ended up fucking
dropping the ball on that but so we
asked the apartment complex like what
are we supposed to do and she's like
yeah just let them you know let them
investigate us and if it happens to be
our fault then you know we'll fucking
take care of it whatever so that we got
our fucking graphics card the the
replacement that wasn't shipped by on
track and everything is good now but I
cannot believe that it wasn't on track
who dropped the ball even though they
did have someone signed for it but then
said front doors for whatever reason and
it was just like insanely crazy that it
happened not to be a contracts fault
after we called and got everything taken
care of that was like a crazy fucking
experience but yeah I hope you liked the
video if you liked the story time videos
please leave a like please leave a
comment if you've ever had a problem
with on track please let me know any
kind of Amazon shipping there's there's
other ones if you're not in the US or if
you're not in the Pacific Northwest like
this side and then also California I
think the rest of the world gets a
different really really terrible
delivery company I forget what it's
called but they're losing your packages
and doing crazy things and Amazon is
just fine
I think they saved the money skimping on
the delivery service even when they have
to like reimburse the person
immediately send out another package the
next day I think they still save money
so that's what they just decide to do
because most of the time the package
will get there and supposedly there's
like thousands of comments on Amazon's
website just saying like please no more
ant on track on tracks fucking awful and
there's no way to say that you can't
want that you don't want on track and
it's just blows my mind I think that's
why they can afford to send things 24
hours or same day or two day shipping or
whatever because they are just skimping
on the fucking shipping but yeah I love
you guys hope you enjoyed see you next
time like the video subscribe to the
channel bye bye
