of course you're going to be annoying in
the hallway shut the fuck up okay hey
guys welcome to a new episode of Friday
night mail I got this binder to keep all
the things that you send me safe I
haven't put any of the fan mail and it
yet but I'm super excited to do so
because you guys send me the best
fucking shit and I thought this was an
appropriate cover image don't you think
anyway we've got about 10 packages this
week and I am super excited to open them
so let's just go ahead and get started
the first one looks like it's coming
from le again I would know this tape in
this Batman postage anywhere on the back
it says sorry I did not have time to
draw for you on the envelope oh that's
okay the envelope is still beautiful and
I'm gonna keep it forever the ABCs of
tara babcock it's like a little booklet
a is for awesome ass and anime these for
bondage and blowjobs c is for come and
cock lover I like this book already d is
for deep throating doggystyle is for
energy and exercise f is for fnm and FSF
g is for gorgeous and golden showers h
is for hardworking and hentai I is for
internet and intelligent and J is for
joking and j j is for j how surprising k
is for kind and kinky in all caps of
course Ella's for League of Legends and
lip gloss I do love those two things M
is for modeling and magic n is for nerdy
o is for online and open-minded piece
for pokemon and porn haha pokemon and
born pokemon born q is for queen of
Instagram Oh r is for radiant and robust
s is for sex and swearing sex and
swearing that pretty much just sums me
up t is Forte's and twitch you is for
upbeat V is for video games and vlogging
there's this little picture of a camera
is so cute w is for would fuck and
wonderful x is for Xena dokey ol
definition friendly to strangers well if
you mean you you're not a stranger y is
for youtube and z is 40 bucks i hope you
liked it handmade by le actually didn't
love it I fucking adored it this is the
best thing that I've ever gotten I swear
to God and there's more I can't believe
le handmade that for me that's fucking
crazy dear Tara you may read this on or
off camera I was bored this week and
wanted to make something and I came up
with this I hope you like it it was a
fun challenge coming
with them and I only looked up a word
for X and here I was thinking you had an
insane vocabulary I hope I didn't okay
job of describing you maybe do a whole
video on I should have done a whole
video on this that would have been cute
you guys you have to post in the
comments about this epic book it's so
great I just I can't get over it I don't
know but I think it would be fun for the
comments and to have people coming up
with their own ABCs of Terra I love your
comment section it's the best since
that's true and holy shit your Instagram
if anyone wants more sexy Tara titties
and ass check it out it's always in the
damn bar down there XOXO le mmm I love
you Ellie you're so fucking amazing
house even by the way the last two
letters Ian hasn't said anything or you
haven't said anything about you and I
guess this is seriously like the
sweetest thing anyone's ever made for me
i love the handmade shit it's like even
better than the stuff that costs a lot
of money and that's not to be
disparaging to the people who spend a
lot of money on gifts I loved the gifts
too but this just feels so amazing and
so personal and it's the reason I got
that binder to protect these kinds of
things so I couldn't have got it at a
better time for le post in the comments
your ABCs of Tara anyway thank you so
much Elliot alright next we have this
now I think this is something from a
company and they want me to promote
their shirts so I'm gonna like show you
the shirts but I'm not gonna wear right
now because I'm gonna do a whole promo
for it their little crop tops and it
says teach me how to dougie teach me
teach me how to dougie and it's a crop
top so I'm going to be making some
awesome underboob with a sigh Instagram
check it out on my Instagram in a few
days which le already shout it out for
me I'll have info in the description
about this company as well if you want
to check out the shirts thanks for
sending it to me guys next we have a
package from me sale I'm super hyped
about this package I already knew it was
coming but I don't know exactly what's
in it so we are gonna open this shit up
and find out spell ground second play
mat oh it's a two player play mao that's
really cool oh there's also cards in
there holy shit we've got a Soraka token
a Sona token um you cards this is
awesome my favorite oh my god to Darius
and Veigar ones cuz there's a wrenching
favorite champions I don't play Darius
as much anymore but he's still the
sexiest man in league by far here's even
the final boss Veigar one and darius de
ayer
this is literally the best thing in the
world meisel you're a fucking god if you
guys don't know who mesial is he's the
person who sends me at the most skins
and champions on League Andy always
spoils me with gifts cuz he's just
literally the fucking best I love you
these are the best things in the world
you said there were cars I wanted for
fnm and I was sitting here thinking he
doesn't know what fucking cards I need
for Evan em boy was I wrong these are
the cars I need for F&M this is awesome
thank you so much let's check out the
playmat oh cool it's one of those fabric
ones whoa I always wanted rather use oh
how fuzzy is it so fuzzy oh my god I
collect play mats so this is awesome
also this is my first ever to player
play mat thank you ms l amazon
fulfillment services the person who has
sent me the most gifts to date what is
it Oh Batman Arkham Knight oh yeah ps4
version this is awesome I now have two
batman games I need to catch up on
origins and this one I fucking love the
batman games especially the first one so
I'm excited for this and I think mesial
sent me this so thank you ms l mmm next
we have a package from the adventurous
Joe always one of my favorite gifters
really sends me the most unique thing he
also has a youtube channel which i will
post in the description if you guys want
to check that out he's pretty cool where
I gotta be so difficult box and open the
whole fucking thing like a badass why do
you have to be so hard for me to open i
always go gung hopes i just want to see
what the fuck i got you know i'm saying
we've got two things Wow limited edition
star wars the force awakens digital
movie pre-order and it includes three
posters holy shit that is awesome okay
so this has the code on it which I'm not
going to show you we've got this poster
this poster and this poster so it comes
with three really cool movie posters
that are like limited edition this is
pretty fucking awesome i'm gonna have to
frame these and find a place for these
but until then they can stay in my
binder my binder will keep them safe and
we have oh my god it's a captain america
jersey this is so awesome no fucking way
I'm just gonna put it on over my clothes
cuz fucking it's like a dress for me I
should wear it as a dress Captain
America
Thank You Joseph you are so fucking
awesome you always send me the most
unique gifts I am not worthy guys you
have to check in the description for
Joseph's channel he's awesome I think
you can tell by his gifts oh my god it's
so hot near though Oh next on the agenda
is this package from Shaun be who is an
amazing gift sir so we're going to go
ahead and see what we've got this time
you guys are too good to me like
seriously I am so not worthy of your
love and admiration oh there's a little
note on top Tara watching your vlog in
gaming channels is what gets me through
my day you're the greatest keep up what
you're doing PS you're so beautiful
Honda cells on the bottom which I'm not
gonna give to you guys thank you so much
Sean you're awesome let's see what's in
the box oh my god no way the ultimate
combo pack the God of War saga holy shit
and it comes with a controller too okay
so it comes with god of war god of war
two god of war three and God of War
origins collection which includes God
more chains of olympus and god of war
ghost of sparta it has bonus content and
it's remastered for HD my favorite
franchise I should do an unboxing of
this too and it comes it like the
perfect time to because I'm gonna catch
up on all the final fantasy 13 games so
I need to fire up my ps3 thank you so
much Sean this is a fucking awesome gift
rent controllers are the best muah this
is so cool i can't get over it holy shit
the best part i just discovered it goes
with one of the bonus USB cables i
haven't been able to charge my ps3
controllers because i lost the cable
i've been using a cable it's similar to
it but it doesn't work well you fucking
rock dude thank you we've got a
rectangle oh my god oh the shell combo
go ahead yes oh my god every time I get
a new show kaun thing I'm just like so
fucking excited I cannot wait for the
one fourth scale Shao Kahn that I spent
like fucking six hundred dollars on oh
my god this is awesome I'm gonna have a
whole shrine to Shao Kahn I swear to God
are you so cute ohh ohh nervin so happy
Oh
I am the most powerful sorcerer and
warrior in the world twice as
intelligent and strong as you yes yes I
am yes trying to make him say yes but it
looks like he's saying no sometimes no
is yes this is the best thing oh my God
look at his little Jesus sandal he's
wearing Jesus sandals and his hammer of
course oh I love it so much the detail
is amazing and I thought it would be
like cheaper but this is the best
bubblehead ever mm ahh we're a
bobblehead couple it doesn't say you
sent this to me but thank you so much
let's put him over here and hopefully
you'll stay there there we go another
amazon box let's go let's open it
explore its innards I feel like
sometimes I'm getting better at British
accent but honestly it's not and I never
will oh shit this is stuff from rubber
tongue things and I just knocked my box
off I'm sorry not my books I need that
to pleasure myself okay so this is
really cool this is something they're
rubber Tom told me he was gonna get me
and it is a motion activated light for
your toilet bowl so at night when you're
getting up and having to pee which is
something I do often you walk in and the
lights will turn on and you'll be able
to see your toilet it's gonna be great
for jay to probably more so because he
stands up well being I'm excited to try
this and the next thing is a set of pink
vegan makeup brushes in this cute little
pleather case i love it oh my god
they're so cute oh they're so soft that
is awesome it has like all of the little
brushes like every little brush that I
would ever need for anything ever in the
carrying case is so cute I could put all
my brushes in here this is so awesome
it's got the little kabuki one yes vegan
brushes these are the fucking best
nobody's our horses were harmed in the
making of these brushes I love it good
job River tongue all right looks like we
have two more boxes and this is our next
one that I almost hit myself in the head
with its kind of heavy I wasn't out I
wasn't expecting the momentum when I
picked it up in the air but let's go
ahead and open it oh it's my kitchen
tools whoever got me this gift as well
I don't have a lot of these things like
for instance a ladle and my whole house
is themed except for the bedroom in the
bathroom is red and black so these like
are perfect we've got soup spoons and
this thing I don't cook that much and
we've got a spatula and another spoon
yeah thank you Robert um I feel so
domestic now last but not least probably
this big ass amazon box that are super
light so I'm going to surmise that it's
probably a plushie but it could totally
not be a plushie it could be the hands
dog I would imagine the hand of dog if
god were to exist would be very easy for
mortals to pick up maybe it's Deuces
lightning bolts creator I'm the
photographer Oh trapping it's like santa
came and sent me this gift what is this
oh hi Tara just wanted to give you
something for all the content you
provide hope to play a game of magic
sometime near in the future that would
be pretty cool never stop beautiful much
love Jason M thank you so much Jason
let's find out what it is oh it's like
Christmas what is in here oh I have a
Kyler n it matches my stormtrooper and
he is so fucking soft he feels like he's
flu or something this is so awesome
thank you so much Jason you are the best
what oh my god I wish you guys could
feel his robes so soft kylo Ren with his
mask on is the best thing about the new
Star Wars movie I'm not gonna lie oh
he's so cute and metallic and he's got
like a little metallic cum stain over
here you see this on this minus hoodies
got a metallic cum stain I like my men
to come to me stained with cum so I am
extremely happy about this I still have
to compile the best names for my storm
trooper from the last video and have you
guys vote on the name because he still
doesn't have a name which is kind of sad
I I really like the construction of this
pillow buddy and he's so cuddly I'm
gonna go to sleep with him now it's okay
you're safe with me now alright guys
that's it for this week's episode of
Friday night mail you guys are the fuck
best I love you so much I really
appreciate everything you guys do for me
like Ellie the best thing I've ever had
made for me ever like literally you are
so fucking adorable and thoughtful and
creative never stop creating things you
could make this a career it should be
like the head of marketing somewhere or
the head of branding or someone who is
like a freelance artists and creates
logos for people i don't know never give
up Thank You mesial thank you Jason
Thank You Joseph and of course rubber
tongue you've been a good boy you like
the video if you'd like subscribe to the
channel and I'll see you guys in two
weeks with a new Friday night mail if
you want to send me anything my p.o box
is down in the description as always on
all of my videos and nothing is expected
but anything is greatly appreciated I do
not deserve you guys if there's anything
I can do to be more apparently thankful
for everything you do please let me know
other than pics of my tits or a blowjob
unless you're really hot bye guys look
at his butt
