you are the only one responsible for
your mental health get that shit in
control before you go on the internet
and click a video called controversial
people I want to fuck so as you guys
know I'm working on a video called
controversial people I would like to
fuck but there was one person who I do
really want to fuck who is kind of
controversial because he does have a
political leaning that isn't left and a
lot of similar and still differing
opinions to mine which means that you
know he's got to be controversial but I
did not put him in the video and that
person is steven crowder the owner of
louder with crabber calm i just recently
started watching his stuff because i was
kind of like hearing about him but
hearing that he was a comedian and i was
like I don't really like late-night
comedians or like the standard comedian
who talks about politics but I mean out
of all the guys that I've wanted to fuck
pretty bad recently he's like the one
that's the most my type actually he's
kind of buff he's tall with a little bit
of fat over the buffness which is you
know my type dark hair dark eyes white
guy it's pretty much my standard type
I'm not saying he's like my ideal
perfection in any way I mean he's not
that buff but oh man the things I would
do to him and his wife's kind of hot too
so you know if they ever stop being
super conservative and want to get a
little liberal in bed by the way I'm a
right-leaning libertarian I'm not saying
I'm a Lib tard in any way but yeah he
should hit me up he's really fucking hot
I would demolish him I'm beautiful and I
have a great body so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want what's up guys welcome to the
video that I told you would make you
unsubscribe to me if you're too
sensitive we're gonna be talking about
the list of people that I would fuck who
are controversial and what I mean by
controversial is I mean someone that a
lot of people say is Al Nazi or has some
popular political opinions or someone
that a lot of people just don't like at
all I thought this would be fun but to
save you guys some time if you feel like
there's anyone that I could put on this
list that you would just absolutely
unsubscribe for might as well just stop
the video right here to save your
feelings unsubscribe and go watch
something better suited to your coddled
little baby ass and I don't mean to be
standoffish I know most of you guys are
pretty cool and aren't like that there
is a handful of people they like to
complain about a video that does not
click bad at all that exactly represents
the title when they chose to click and
watch it okay so let's start with a
softball one real quick I don't know if
you guys watch my twitch streams but a
while back and I'll try
find the clip clip no alright I guess I
was too lazy to look through it that is
like tens of hours of content where I
mentioned that I was looking for a hot
asian guy who's tall with a big dick to
have sex with someone mentioned rice gum
and I said hit him up well after
watching idubbbz content cop not because
of the content of that content cop I
couldn't care less if he spouts rape
jokes or flan says affluence it's more
because I did not realize that he was so
lanky and so poorly spoken no thanks
I'll pass I retract my invitation to
smash I would actually rather smash
idubbbz while he's definitely not
physically my type at least he has my
sense of humor and my ideals on as he
states it it's either all okay or none
of it's okay that one wasn't really a
person I would fuck it's just a
retraction of a person I previously said
I would fuck let's get into the actual
list
okay another softball one that people
seem to hate a lot in the media is Kylie
Jenner I think Kylie Jenner with all of
the lips done and all the plastic
surgery and everything in the way she
does her makeup now and the fact that
she's either editing her waist down or
waist training her waist wearing these
little see-through numbers she's really
hot in my opinion the hottest of the
Kardashians and I would definitely
definitely bang her before I get deeper
and deeper into this list of mainstream
deplorable --zz that I would bang many
of which will be sensitive subjects for
a lot of people I just wanted to let you
guys know that the way that I handle sex
in relationships well I kind of separate
liking a person's personality agreeing
with all of their ideals and even
sometimes finding them intelligent I
separate that shit from the physical
which is just you know I want to bang
them sometimes I'll even hate bang or
hate fuck hate bang just sounds fucking
stupid bang in general just sounds
stupid in lieu of fuck fuck is just what
my favorite English word I just don't
really think that I should not fuck
someone who I would fuck because I don't
always agree with them like I'm actually
giving money to their calls or something
by fucking them you can only flop people
with whom you completely agree otherwise
you are endorsing them and giving them a
platform providing a platform for hate
Oh give me a break unlike a lot of
people I don't have just like initial
moral outrage I don't listen to the
media spinning things to make it worse
than it is and if I want to fuck someone
cuz their aesthetic I don't really care
what their views are so why not that's
my philosophy of course you can be just
as picky or not picky as you want to be
it's completely up to you your life your
choices I would never presume to know
what your intentions are or why you do
the things that you do alright with that
said
the next person I would hate fuck is
Jake Paul I'm not particularly attracted
to Jake Paul I just honestly got to feel
like I'm strong enough and confident
enough of a woman to make him bow down
before me and feel like a complete
little bitch wrapped around my finger I
feel like he deals a lot with girls his
age or even younger and I'm very wise
for my age and would never fall into the
trap of being treated like shit by
someone I think he's a douchebag and his
content is absolutely annoying but for
some reason I just want to dominate him
choke him and out him for the beta male
that he is normally I used to be the
submissive one in bed but I feel like
with Jake Paul I would definitely have
the upper hand on the masculinity scale
he seems like such a bitch I don't know
okay I actually have this written down
so I remember all of them and I'm trying
to go an order of both least to most
wanting to fuck and also at least two
most controversial the fuck but we're
definitely saving the most one of fuck
for last okay so the next one here's TJ
Kirk formerly known as the amazing
atheist okay so a little background with
TJ I agree with him on like 90% of
things
I feel like occasionally he's a little
bit too anti-capitalists maybe even like
left for me he was actually the first
person I truly subscribed to I think on
YouTube the first person I actually
watched at least and that was many many
years ago I haven't talked to him
one-on-one or anything but I was on the
drunken peasants if I had to assume I
would say that he probably doesn't have
that high of an opinion of me or an
opinion at all kind of didn't talk very
much on DP back then when I was on it
was like 100% politics it was during
this presidential election and I was
literally at a loss I was like I don't
know I didn't even start to delve into
politics back then I still thought I was
like kind of left so I don't really want
to fuck TJ he's antithetical to
everything visually that I look for in a
man
fair enough fair enough I got a small
dick I can deny it but I got to admit I
am so curious to watch him have sex with
that micro penis that he has that banana
video was not enough I actually want to
see it in person sitting in the corner I
want to see TJ in action in fact he
recently offered to fuck Steve shives
which if you're an audience of people
who don't really watch the whole anti
hgw sjw content you might not know who
that is but basically the biggest cook
in all of existence a male feminist
who's completely gas-lit it seemed
by his girlfriend don't take my word for
it watch his content anyway I think it
would be pretty fun to watch that
encounter so if that ever does happen I
hope I get a front row seat I have a lot
of respect for TJ he always entertains
me but honestly I just don't feel like
his fat ass and his micro penis could
ever satisfy me maybe he's really good
with his hands or something and by the
way I find it very important to state
that even though this is entertainment
content I am stating my true opinions
and this isn't something that's just
meant to be funny
I would actually 100% watch TJ have sex
with someone oh this is so much fun to
film all right the next person is Blair
white she is controversial not only
because she makes political content and
a lot of people think she's like anti
tranny even though she is a tranny along
with a whole slew of other things but
also because she's a transsexual who
still has a penis oh it is so hard to
find hot women who still have a penis if
you ever want to go gay or bisexual or
whatever Blair I am here to suck your
dick and I would suck it fucking good
five foot four new fake boobs and a dick
sounds like my perfect woman right there
I always wanted to fuck a chick with a
dick not gonna lie
okay so how perfect would a threesome be
with Lauren southern and Tommy Lauren oh
my god okay so Tommy Lauren's more my
type I feel like I'm always saying her
name wrong she's got like a really weird
name she's actually really really hot oh
my god that tan skin in that blonde hair
and those amazing monologues
I also agree more with Tommy than I do
Lauren she's a little bit too like
activist II clearly biased in a lot of
her videos still I respect her content I
think she's probably a cool chick and
she's hot who imagined a threesome me
Tommy and Lauren which kind of sounds
like just Tommy Lauren Lauren how the
fuck do I say her last name I don't know
and then add in as a fourth blonde in
the belly of the beast oh my god like a
blonde foursome for the ages and I would
so be a good sexual catalyst for this
now if only we could find a hot blonde
leftist to throw in there to make it
more politically balanced oh wait there
are no hot people on the far left okay
so two gay people I would love to have
sex with or at least watch have sex who
I think are actually pretty hot Mylo
gianopolous and
every star two very different gays from
very different backgrounds one's a sassy
beauty guru that has a bunch of
instances of him being racist or mean to
fans so a lot of people hate him and
have disavowed him and then the dangers
faggot himself I obviously prefer Milo
more but I feel like they would get
along or just totally not get along and
I would love to be a part of this weird
by a sexual threesome I think it would
be fun with Jeffrey star if you like I
don't really like him as a person that
much I feel like he kind of is just like
a dumb girl I don't get along with most
girls and most beauty gurus seem like
they're kind of just not my type of
person but with Milo I agree with most
of the things that he says sans the
religion stuff I enjoy the entertainment
aspect of his provocateur nature I feel
like that word should only be said by
British people provocateur I don't know
he's tall he's aesthetic he's got a
British accent and he fixed his teeth
another like perfect and white two
thumbs up the asses of the gay dudes
again just pretending like a really
effeminate gay dude I'm even offering to
dress up let's do it I know I know
they're gay so it'll probably never
happen so it's kind of a cop-out that I
put them in this list but what gay man
doesn't love boobs let them have a
threesome even if they're not sexually
attracted to me in particular is it
really that big of a turn-off for me to
just kind of be there not really that
involved or really involved and you can
just close your eyes and pretend I have
a big hairy ass I don't care I'm just
here for the experiences no seriously
that would be pretty hot I think Milo is
pretty hot
all right we've got two to go and the
next one is the most controversial by
far I know a lot of people are gonna
further call me a racist for this one
even though you know my last video or at
least my last video that wasn't like a
vlog or a Friday night mail was about
how much I love and enjoy in a racial
porn but wouldn't I just make the
perfect Aryan fuck doll for Richard
Spencer Richard Spencer has that like
haircut that I love I don't know I feel
like if he dropped a few pounds lost a
little weight on the jaw line you would
actually have quite a bit of potential
obviously I disagree with anyone who
thinks that there needs to be an ethnos
stage I think that anyone that thinks
that race is really important or loves
to talk identity politics I think that
kind of stuff is pretty retarded it
still feel like a good hate fuck is an
order and I also think when you're
trying to say that you don't want to
kill and Massacre all other races you
probably shouldn't go around chanting
Nazi stuff or retweeting Nazi stuff you
would have such a bigger movement if you
lied a little bit more about how you're
not Nazis because the left is gonna
label you a Nazi no matter what you say
gotta be smarter but then again maybe
doing that is a good way to get your
movement more traction because then
people will put you in the media as an
extremist and then you can steal all the
people who are just really sick of
leftists and categorize them as alright
and just fit them nicely as puzzle
pieces into your agenda I don't know
maybe I'm overthinking this
anyway the number one person I would
fuck one of the only men in the world I
would never try to seduce because I know
for a fact it would not work
and speaking of facts and feelings spend
Shapiro's my Jewish god I I don't know I
adore ben shapiro i dont agree a hundred
percent on everything that he says oh my
god his intellect is like the sexiest
thing in the entire world also look at
his face you know that with the right
nudging and prodding he could totally
choke you look at it well what does this
have to do with anything that i'm
talking about
I love his snarky little smiles and his
arrogance I just love it and it's funny
because the first video I saw of him I
was like what's this guy about everyone
keeps saying that he's this terrible
person I heard so many people say bad
things about him like he's just some
huge asshole I even heard things like
he's a white supremacist and stuff it's
ridiculous so I was like what is he
about I watched a video the first video
is on abortion what
to be one of the few things we disagree
on but mainly it's more like a
preference thing I don't disagree with
his facts or how he rationalizes it I
just don't care but anyway I've been
addicted to bench pair of videos since
and I would absolutely love to fuck the
shit out of him but of course I know
that Orthodox Jew is 100% off-limits
he's too intelligently aware of his
biology and has a proper hold on his
urges I can tell also I'm pretty sure he
would hate me in the very least think
that I'm highly highly immoral
fundamentally immoral evil I would
corrupt that little Jew by the literal
definition of the word desecrate and
honestly Ben Shapiro is the only person
the only religious person that I would
really love to have a conversation with
about religion and who I feel actually
has a really good grasp on why to be
religious but still I would never become
religious because for me I want to live
my life the way I deem correct and I
don't really care about the bigger
picture of how the world would be
without religious morality like if we
were always atheist and I would also
love to debate him on that and by debate
I mean just learn from him and listen
and maybe ask a few questions why are
all the guys that I like named Ben Ben
Shapiro Ben Affleck Benedict Cumberbatch
Illuminati confirmed
oh my god Ben Shapiro though a girl can
dream all right guys I love you I hope
you guys enjoyed this video I hope it
was entertaining is there anyone out
there who all of your friends are all of
society or in the political sphere is
just absolutely hated but you would
totally bang be honest you're somewhat
anonymous
and to those of you who are still
subscribed who are still fucking awesome
and who know that my opinion and the way
I conducted myself isn't necessarily the
right way and therefore it's okay to
have conflicting opinions it's okay for
you to think it's wrong to fuck someone
like Richard Spencer it's okay for me to
do so without harboring his ideologies
or being a literal Nazi I just want to
bring this point home one more time just
in case you guys are confused anyone who
judges an entire race not even a culture
an entire race simply based on their
skin color even as a race realist is a
fucking retard judge people on an
individual level not because it's the
kind nice thing to do but because it's
the only logically sound way to do
things stop calling people bigots
because they don't agree with you or
because the things that they're saying
are hurting your
you are the only one responsible for
your mental health get that shit in
control before you go on the internet
and click a video called controversial
people I want to fuck thanks for
watching I'll see you in the next video
also let me know in the comments that
this was as shocking as you'd expected
it to be or if my pics aren't hardcore
enough one person I would not fuck who's
controversial Donald Trump yeah no no no
it's like oh shit it's ten inches long
and your fucking gut pound in that slut
you know what I'm saying
