hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Instagram Q&A time I asked you guys
questions on my Instagram profile and
now I'm gonna answer as many good ones
as possible and remember a lot of these
I've already answered in a full-length
video so if I have I'll refer to it and
I'll put it down in the description for
instance if you ask me what my favorite
sex position is and I say doggy style
also let you know that I did a whole
video on it and link it in the
description easy as that alright let's
do this
Robert Lowe prime - asks what is your
favorite song and who is it by oh it is
really hard to say what my favorite song
is because I like so many bands and so
many songs and it changes all the time
but the song that I often say is my
favorite is my letter by flaw it's
something Jay showed me when we first
met and I had it on repeat back then if
not that then something might slip knot
or Pink Floyd probably or Mona Mars hero
that's a good one or vigil by Lamb of
God I don't know it's really hard virus
of life but Slipknot I have so many
favorite songs
concrete jungle jaw asks when did your
love for video games start I was really
really really really young like really
young my parents had an old Atari and
they showed me that and I played pitfall
I think was the first game I ever played
and since that point which I think was
before I could walk
I've been addicted to video games when I
really started falling in love with
video games though was when I got a
Super Nintendo and my dad got me the
Super Mario Brothers all-stars cartridge
Super Mario Bros 3 is the best thing in
the world and I never got very far into
because let's face it super mothers 2 is
a little weird Dan Windsor asks most
painful sex positions
doggystyle probably that's why I like it
so much oh yeah or the piledriver
anything with choking Kevin Jacob
Anderson asks what's your favorite type
of workout mine is burpees so I have a
few answers to this I do a lot of cardio
and recently at the gym at my apartment
complex there's this bike that has a
videogame attached to it and you have
like ghosts going on the same path as
you so you're trying to beat the ghosts
and the other players and then there's
like a bunch of different minigames and
there's one where you're tiny and
squirrels are like gigantic combining
video games was working out it's like
the best thing that's ever happened the
first time I use that thing best workout
I ever got aside from that I like doing
lower back hyperextension so that's that
thing where you you sit on the thing and
you go down and up down and up and you
flex your butt in your back and I also
like doing tricep extensions on all
fours you know the one where you bend
over and you extend your triceps like
this with a dumbbell because I can look
in the mirror and see my
and I love that shit feel like I've
mentioned that before Austin dog asks
what size is too small and what says
it's too big I have done a whole video
on this topic which will be down in the
description anyway too small would be
anything under average which is 5.5
inches and I don't think there's a too
big I feel that at any size you can
always make it work
those are just my personal preferences
some girls say that 7 is too big and 3
is too small or something I am a size
Queen 600 boy edwin asks what is your
best memory in high school my best
memory in high school was going to
college I went to college in my junior
year instead of going to high school
through this program called Running
Start that allowed me to expedite the a
a degree process so I was finishing my
high school credits and getting credits
toward my a a degree which at the end I
turned into a personal training
certification and I never finished
because my modeling career took off but
anyway high school wasn't great for me I
don't like drama and I didn't have a ton
of friends because I was like super
different so when I started going to
college and everyone was like minding
their own business and the campus was
huge it was kind of freeing and then I
came back to graduate and I had like
fake tits and got voted most likely to
become famous which was cute my high
school is kind of ghetto gaming wolf
3-5-2 asks what is your favorite part of
your body ok so a lot of the times I
would say my boobs or my lips are my
eyes or something like that but really I
love my vagina if I'm standing upright
and you're just like looking at me and
naked it doesn't even look like I'm
anatomically correct it's like so
compacted in there none of those hanging
meat curtain things and it's just like
so pretty I've such a pretty vagina and
I don't think vaginas in general are
very pretty I find penises to be much
sexier obviously because I'm you know
semi heterosexual or more heterosexual
that I am lesbian but I just think my
vagina is so cute so I would have to say
my vagina Mac Killough asks do you give
good head yes I do
CN ho Vera asks have you ever recorded
yourself during sex just so you can
review the performance not for that
reason but I have recorded myself having
sex before it was a long time I got when
it was on one of those like mini
cassettes that you would stick into like
a camcorder and then I kind of like lost
it and nobody uses that technology
anymore so it's like gone if I had a
setup like if I was a cam girl and I had
a setup to record myself that was really
easy like next to my bed or my couch or
something I would record myself all the
time
but honestly like I feel like recording
yourself is a little bit of a hassle
instead of just like getting it on in
the moment and enjoying yourself you
have to like set it up and then light it
and then you press play and then you
have to review it maybe edit it's like
stupid that's how I would feel about
video games if I had to setup the setup
I use to record my video games every
single time I would be like fuck this
let's just play rubber tong 888 asks if
you could start your own company what
sort of business would it be hopefully
that's not a common question heart heart
heart rubber tongue is such a little
slut anyway if I was gonna start my own
business aside from all of the things
that I've done already I've always
wanted open my own gym but recently I
also thought of opening like this like
nerd then so I've been to a bunch of
comic book stores and tabletop gaming
stores and then I've also been to like
land areas for like Starcraft and League
of Legends and I think it would be
really cool to combine all types of
gaming in one like giant warehouse and
then make it kind of adult to like sexy
stuff but you could have like one area
with all the computers set up for land
parties you can have like giant TVs on
the wall and like a bar to watch sports
games you can have a tabletop area
miniatures area Magic the Gathering
tournament area a place where you can
play console games like on beanbags and
stuff and then a place you can rent and
read comic books I think it would be
really amazing to make like a nerd Haven
a gigantic one so yeah that's what I
would do maybe I will one day grown veld
boss asks do you like onesies I love
onesies there's crazy wind outside Ryan
Pilcher asks if you could only listen to
two albums the rest of your life what
would they be holy shit
Oh Slipknot vol 3 whichever is the
second newest Amon Amarth album and Pink
Floyd's wish you were here had to name
three Christian 1097 asks which video
game character do you think would make
the best lover and why well based on
evidence I would definitely say Kratos
because Kratos is always leaving bitches
pleased he pleases more than one bitch
at a time and he's super manly so
totally do it for me but the fact that
every game he satisfies more and more
bitches at a time even Aphrodite leads
me to believe that he knows what he's
doing in bed Oswald Ryder asks why am i
dead on the inside because you don't
touch yourself at night Jacob wood asks
hey Terra when did you and Jay meet I
was in ninth grade he was in 11th grade
we were in Spanish class I copy off of
his paper because I did not give a shit
about Spanish and the teacher found out
we copied and then we started talking
and he made me laugh and he had a big
dick so it was good oh my god I wish it
would stop reloading country boy 1228
asked aside from gaming what is one of
your favorite hobbies improving my
appearance learning things and reading
about serial killers yep
Salazar h/h asks who is your celebrity
crush it's always been Ben Affleck he
also asks who other than Slipknot would
you like to be in the front row of a
concert of so honestly I'm not really
into the mosh pit and I also would
probably die in the mosh pit so being in
the front row it's technically not
something I do at metal concerts but I
wish I could go back in time and go to a
Pink Floyd concert in their prime that I
could be in the front row of because
there's no moshing if not that um
Rammstein I want that like fake pee
drizzled all over me
fuck yeah till Lindemann yeah he also
asks would you consider shooting a
calendar this year for 250 patrons
classy and sexy nothing dirty um I feel
like calendars are too dated that's why
I've never done one I could do like a
special edition like photo set of things
that you guys suggest or we could do
something really cool but I don't think
a calendar is the best maybe like
posters and stuff that'd be cool
I also want to say thank you for the
questions Nino you are the best
Zac the more one asks is there any video
game series you wish you were more into
I honestly wish I was more into all
first-person shooters because then I
would get more views on YouTube but I
just can't love them I don't know they
always just feel like the same bullshit
and like the community that likes them
is often just like twelve-year-old boys
I'd like to talk shit that don't play
any other video games I wish I was just
into more like the mainstream games in
general I like some mainstream
franchises but a lot of them are just
like well same old shit play apart
nation 976 asks what is the longest dick
you've ever had sex with nine inches the
new guy asks did you ever get caught by
your parents while you're fingering
yourself no I've never got caught by my
parents doing anything really there was
this one time that I was having sex with
a boy who I was cheating on another boy
with at my house after school and my mom
came home early and I made him jump out
of my window so that we wouldn't get
caught but other than that not and last
question by jingo Pingo he asks what is
your motivation to work on yourself both
mind and body slash booty um it comes
from within really like if you don't
want to change yourself you're not gonna
change yourself for me it's just wanting
to look good feel good and know things
I'm like a knowledge junkie so watching
knowledge videos learning facts reading
about things that interest me it's just
as exciting as like getting a new lip
gloss or some plastic surgery or losing
some weight it's all bettering myself
and it makes me happy I'm like yeah but
sometimes I like motivation and then I
just remember how badly I want it and
just try to focus alright I hope you
guys enjoyed this month's Instagram Q&A
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel and remember we do this
every single month so this is the March
edition and oh forget to follow me on
instagram at Tara Babcock cuz that's how
you ask questions I hope this has been
enlightening for you see you next month
love you guys
