hey guys I don't really have a video to
do today I'm honestly only doing a
superfluous video because I like my look
today I like the red lips I like the
blonde hair the blue eyes I like the
glasses and the hair to the side and the
whole secretary look there's a hair in
between my boobs and it sucks because
the last two days I've been using this
like scrub that scrubs off my tan and I
haven't gone tanning for like two days
so if I'm little splotchy I'm sorry it's
not from the sex or the titty fucking
this time but the the topics that I was
thinking of doing today are my family
and my childhood or the story about the
cute guy from college and since I'm
dressed like this I decided to go with
the cute guy from college also because i
feel like i should give more time and
thought to all of the things that i want
to tell you guys from my childhood
because i had an amazing fucking
childhood and I feel like that will be a
video that a lot of people will view
because they think that I must have had
some terrible traumatic childhood
because you know they were taught a
certain to think a certain way about sex
and I just don't think that way so
they're like there must be something
wrong with her because you know in a lot
of situations and a lot of instances
that they're right they would be right
there is something that happened to
someone in their childhood to make them
become a porn star or whatnot but mainly
I really feel like the people who become
a pornstar become a porn star in this
society because they had a fucked up
childhood because of the way people
treat pornstars not because porn is
doing porn but more because you know you
have to be crazy to want to be treated
like a porn star to be treated like
garbage in the society that's how we
view it because you know whatever but
let's not go into that let's talk about
the cute guy from college sorry i'll put
the timestamp in the in the comments in
the description so you guys know where
to start but anyway but if you guys
don't know that i went to college and
i'm going to make a video on my college
experience so please post in the
comments if you guys are interested in
my childhood video and if you're
interested in the my college experience
video because i want to do both of those
videos but i also want to do things that
you guys want to hear most so if you
guys are interested in that please post
in the comments that you are and let me
know and give me some support on that
topic because otherwise it'll probably
be a while before i make either of those
videos
so um I had a pottery class a ceramics
class to be more specific and I also had
a weight training class because I was
like pottery and ceramics it just sounds
like fun it sounds like something I want
to do and I was only at college to get
either my a a degree and my high school
diploma or to get both I went through I
went to college when I was a junior and
a senior in high school through the
program called Running Start which is
basically for gifted children who are
bored with the regular curriculum of
high school and want to get their high
school credits and their college courses
simultaneously and I was bored with it
because let's face it fucking college or
public schools in America are so fucking
easy like they grade on a curve for like
imbeciles and it was the easiest thing
in the world and I was bored and I was
not like I was very popular but not for
the right reasons and it wasn't like a
sex thing it was just like people didn't
like me because it's like I did it
wasn't into rap and that was like the
thing I wasn't into you know I guess you
know weapon called ghetto cultures and I
still to this day can't stand ghetto
culture and I'm not attracted to anyone
who's into that and a lot of people
disliked me because I wasn't like that
and then there was another instance with
a guy where I kind of beat him up for
calling me a name and then after that he
started egging my house I just wanted to
get away from the negativity I don't
like drama as much as people think that
someone who looks like me might like
drama I liked hearing about other
people's drama because that's
interesting i ey irie i watch videos
like shannon roses storytime videos
because they're it's entertaining it's
like it's like fiction but in real life
well for me I am much more into not
having drama in my life I like stability
I like you know I like spontaneity but
not like negative spontaneity if that
makes any sense so I got out of there
and I started to go into college and um
in my ceramics class there he wasn't in
my ceramics class but he we had to go
after ceramics class on our own time to
complete our projects right the same
thing with a weight training weight
training wasn't actually a class there
was a one day class but once you got
there they just said okay you have to
complete this many hours a week on your
own time which was heaven
to someone who's in high school someone
who just got a car all I had to do was
go to school for like three hours
anytime I wanted basically and it was
amazing in my last class was yoga and
yoga is the most relaxing thing in the
world I love yoga and so it was amazing
just like laying after i had done just a
little bit of studying and a little bit
of like thought-provoking work in
college i could just like lay and do an
ama stay oh and shit and just chill so
it was great but um i would go to my
ceramics after class stuff to finish my
projects and to work on the kiln work on
the spinny thing and then put my shit in
the kiln at the same time this guy would
and this guy he was so cute he was like
he was like a baby power lifter because
okay you know power lifters are like as
big as bodybuilders sometimes they're
often just like really muscle band and
really huge but they also have a layer
of fat over them and that's like I think
my favorite body shape a lot of people
just like you know the the otter body or
like the swimmers body that's like
really like small proportions but he's
also he's cut and low body fat I don't
care about low body fat at all as long
as the guy has muscles muscles and
gigantic pneus that's what I like and
that was this guy and he went to the
ceramics after class and the weight
training place around the same time I
did to do the extra stuff so I would see
him there all the time and he was right
at home in the in the weight training
class but in ceramics he was like so bad
it was so cute and he seemed like a
really nice guy I never actually talked
to him but I I watched him for so long
like that's all I didn't ceramic class I
watched him try to make pots and like he
would like be shaping something and just
just ruin it and like he looks so sad
and it was so cute and I was like the
the most attractive sexy thing in the
world that like he was this big guy who
wanted to you know basically just pet an
animal and be and be gentle but he kept
ruining everything he touches because he
was so strong and it was like so cute
and he had this like cute cute like a
young face and he was clearly like a
couple years older than me at that point
because I was like 17 or 16 and he was
actually like college aged and it was so
adorable watching Morgan he would be
alone he was always alone he never had
any like loud annoying friends which is
something that i've alway
despise about men who are more alpha I
like when a guy looks alpha and you know
he is alpha but I like alpha in the
bedroom but like I like an intelligent
smart person who also has different
traits to him other than just keeping up
an appearance of alpha nice you know
like that fake appearance of alpha pneus
isn't attractive to me like real alpha
pneus or like working toward a physique
that just screams alpha like that's what
a tribe that's what's attractive to me
and having like insecurities like he
clearly did and having you know things
that he's bad at and it's just so Karen
I don't think he knew that I was
watching him but um he was so bad it was
so cute I would always tell Jay about it
because Jay was um he was going to
college as well at that time because
he's two years older than me she was
going to like actual University and he
would come to my community college and
like hang out and play diablo on laptop
and I would see him and play with him in
between classes and we would hang out
there and that was a pretty cool
experience and a fun experience was
actually diablo 2 and i was a
necromancer and I through my teeth it
she was like the best thing ever i miss
it but anyway um so I boys I've wanted
to talk to that guy like I wish I feel
like there's like a mitt what's the word
for that place the missing missing
missed connections or whatever unlike
reddit or whatever the fuck I've never
liked used reddit much except for when I
was into starcraft but I feel like um if
he knows who he is that would be cool if
he could contact me because he was
really cute and I wonder what he's doing
now and I still remember the cute guy
from college that I never actually
talked to which is kind of sad but
anyway there was this one time in
ceramics class right I was like I was
here like working on that spinny thing I
keep forgetting what the fuck its name
is I don't know and he was up at like a
table like working on his pot and being
awful at it and I was I never put my
hair up because at that point I did my
hair like really fucking big league and
like if I put my hair a bit like ruins
the look right I had a lot of hairspray
in at a river so I would keep it down
and they warned us against that and I
like looked up once and my hair caught
in the spinny thing the fucking I wish I
remember the name if you guys remember
the name post in the comments and I had
clay like all in my hair like I couldn't
even get it out in the shower because by
the time I got home like it it was just
like stuck there and I had to like work
on it for a long time and it was like
hard already a little bit but I'm
actually going to show you guys some
things I made in ceramics because I feel
like why not this there's no point to
the story other than saying that you
know cute alpha guys are cute you know
so I'll be right back i'm going to get
him ok so i wasn't very good either but
I at least made cute things and didn't
ruin everything so this is a rattler
it's a little panda it rattles if you
can hear that kind of the balls that I
put in here like really small and I made
this for day I met most of my things for
J because why would i not i mean like
I'm not gonna use any of this shit and
it was just like cute shit that I would
show him so I call him panda as most of
you guys know and i made this which is a
basketball it's a basketball rattle he
also likes basketballs i got like a be
in this class or a C or something awful
but I worked hard and you know if it
sucks whatever fuck you is a creative
class it's like saying my art sucks
that's stupid I'll put fake eyelashes on
it at some point and it's all dusty and
chicks it's been up in the vagina shit
ok so this is a really terrible pot that
I was going to throw away but then I
just decided to put some gold on it and
she's actually cracked down here and as
you can see it says tara babcock on the
bottom so people know that it's mine and
I just like put some like dots
everywhere and I'm like fuck it why not
and this is another bolt this is my
favorite Bowl it's like the best looking
Bowl that I made and I did not like the
shit that I put on it like the coloring
and stuff it's kind of meth so on the
sides i have like it's like X and O but
it's like kind of pixelated XO no I
thought it would be kind of gamer like
and then I just randomly put this like
I'm going to put the snowman in the
middle and it says yovan which is Jay's
name and it says always and forever
terrible she ova it's really cute
because like back then we were in high
school we were more of like a couple
thing
but I still do stuff like this I still
enjoy the cute parts of like romance
like making things for someone or buying
gifts for someone or cuddling but I
don't like like the bullshit you know
what I'm saying and I prefer fucking
rather than love making beds maybe since
okay this is my favorite thing that I
made it's like a box this is volume 2yo
V and yogi was what I used to call Jay
and um his this is in Serbian which is
his language it means I love you there's
hearts all along the sides and this top
actually comes off and inside there's
some kind of charger that's fucking
weird but uh yeah I made this one with
love it says tara babcock i love you on
the bottom and i was like really happy
with myself about this one because like
the the letters like pop out and it just
it looks really great I just don't know
why I kept using this disgusting like
puke color in I don't know this is what
I made in ceramics but yeah um I'm
really creative but I'm also like
impatient and I wasn't very good at
making pots and things but this guy was
worse he just kept smashing his pots and
was really cute so that's the moral of
the story and my ramblingness I just
wanted to show you guys my look today
and give you an interesting story I love
you guys I will see you guys soon Dover
to like the video subscribe to the
channel I'm going to go stream I'm
really excited because ok so I ok so if
you want to donate or support me in any
way there's patreon but there's also
watching my livestream and donating
their and I now have donation tears like
an amount that you donated gets this in
this and so if you want to check that
out you can but the thing I'm most
excited about I I first now i have my
own bot i coded my own bought using the
mirc language which is basically like um
it's like the chat language like most
chat rooms and chat places use mirc or
IRC and i learned that in about a day I
really like coding I've been HTML and
CSS coding my self taught obviously
since I was like 14 because of my space
and how myspace did their layouts I've
had like the perfect layout the perfect
terror layout it didn't work for me to
just copy and paste from sides I had to
fucking fix that shit until it was
perfect so that's how I learned HTML
HTML and CSS and mirc is kind of similar
it's just different you have to learn
but anyway I'm a mountain bought and
then what
really excited about is that i'm using
twitch alerts now where i can have when
anyone follows it's like i have four
different things one of them's m.bison
one of them Shao Kahn women's veigar one
of them's mu and one of them is Mario
and Luigi and they're so cute it's like
little gifts in like sum oh there's also
a magic one tragic slip it's the tragic
slip magic card but then there's a gift
inside the card of some guys slipping on
a frozen pool it's interesting you guys
got to watch the stream to see it but
that's what I've been excited about
lately and I'm sorry that this is long I
just did a really long a patron only
vlog for patreon and now i'm doing a
really long vlog here of like
nothingness and it's stupid but I love
being passionate about things and I
forgot how passionate I was about coding
so I love you guys see you soon Oh
