hey guys today before I do my Friday
night mail video I have a story to tell
you guys I have been trying to get
better at storytelling I know a lot of
people make storytelling videos on
YouTube and everyone loves them and I
love them specifically I like to watch
them so I want to create ones that are
interesting for you guys this is
something that happened today and I'm
gonna try to be as interesting as
possible while remaining as accurate as
possible not jumping around and dead
grassing like I always fucking do so I
got someone fired today and it was it
was it was wonderful and this is
probably gonna make me look like a huge
fucking bitch but I have to tell this
story and I might run it by my patrons
first on patreon to see what they think
about it and if it's not that
interesting to them and might not post
it live so if you see it here live it
made it past my patreon z-- my patreon
so my patrons from patreon that support
my content anyway I use a service often
not so much anymore because I'm trying
to save money and I'm trying not to get
fat or trying to lose weight basically I
use a service called door - now what
door - does is it is a company that will
go to a store or or a restaurant that
does not have delivery and deliver the
items to you
they employ terrible fucking drivers
half the time my apartment complex is a
little bit confusing but it's like any
any 15 year old who's competent and
speaks English at all it can do it I
have like I've painstakingly made my
profile so that anyone at door - who
looks at my profile or who looks at my
orders can if they can read it's
understandable and like I would say 60%
of the time my order is fine and the
delivery gets there on time but today it
was literally the worst fucking thing in
the entire world and if you guys know me
at all I'm kind of a big bitch to
service people who I feel are too
idiotic to do their jobs I feel like you
had one job and you can't fucking
complete it
what the fuck is wrong with you and I'm
actually gonna maybe like post some of
the the text messages back and forth to
the guy and to the supervisor so there's
a supervisor guy named Victor Victor's a
great name by the way and then there is
a Spock vagina muncher fucking driver a
who doesn't have a name I don't fucking
remember his name and I don't care - so
I order it is a st. Patrick's Day by the
way so I'm recording this one st.
Patrick's Day and
I get an email saying door - we'll take
half off your delivery today and I'm
like huh well you know I haven't gotten
fast food for a while it's been like a
month and what I really like to do is
get McDonald's breakfast
without the Canadian bacon and I get J
gets orange juice instead of a coffee
that comes with the hash burn in the
coffee you know and I get a diet coke
instead of the coffee but I still get
the hash brown or whatever so we order
our meals we click Add small drink and
hash browns and then in the description
there's a little place you can put
comments like you can say extra spicy
please no onions stuff like that and I
put no Canadian bacon and substitute the
coffee that it usually comes with with a
diet coke and then for J's I say orange
juice so it's pretty fucking simple just
read the goddamn shit it's a simple
thing in the world so I am sitting there
waiting for the notifications and I'll
show you it actually shows notifications
like real time when they like you know
get your delivery going or whatever oh
how do I do this okay so this isn't okay
it does show my address so I can't do
that but like you see right here order
has been received
being prepared - or has arrived in it's
on its way right and usually within like
the first 30 minutes or something
usually takes about 60 minutes takes a
little bit longer than a normal delivery
because they have to go from a place to
the place instead of just starting at
the restaurant but anyway that's kind of
common sense as well so it's been like
30 minutes and I'm like they're not
updating anything so I text the guy
because there's an option to text or
call your Dasher I text him I'm like
what's going on no reply for like 20
minutes and then he responds to me with
like the most ridiculous like I don't
even understand the fuck he's saying
like let me read it to you he says ah
where the fuck is it it's the other one
okay he said everything is worked now so
can you update the order please and I'm
like update the order I don't understand
and he said because of the delay the
customer might be angry and I said I am
the customer what the fuck and I'm like
really pissed off at this point so I am
talking to this guy Victor who is like a
higher up and you can like talk to
customer service as well and I'm talking
to Victor and he's like helping me out
along the way and he's like okay we
finally got it fixed and it took they
were there
late it was like I would say an hour and
a half until he started calling me to
find out where my apartment is right and
it's so annoying when I get that fucking
call from them where it's like where's
your apartment because I fucking put
everything it's very perfectly laid out
like every time I ask the customer
service people when I complain I'm like
is there any way I can make this clearer
and because customer service people have
to have the prerequisite of being like a
an english-speaking human being who
passed first grade they are like no
there's nothing wrong with it it's
completely clear and I just don't even
know it's change about it and I wish I
could like give you the exact specifics
without you know divulging where I live
and shit but it's clear so um he calls
me and he's like what do I do and I'm
like you just do this thing right and
he's like he waits a second and he
clearly wasn't speaking English and he's
like okay but I I'm in the lobby and I'm
like no you don't want to be in the
lobby you want to go outside and go to
this different place and he's like okay
but I'm in the lobby and I'm like okay
what you need to do is you need to get
off the phone with me and then go to the
call box and call me from there and he's
like wait he's like okay and by this
point I'm like really fucking annoyed
because it's so fucking clear why is
this a hard thing to do and like I get
Jimmy John's occasionally I get a
fucking Pizza Hut like once a year and
it's never a problem they fucking speak
English and it's so fucking frustrating
so he calls me back after like 20
minutes and he is like just giving me
the same runaround like I can't even
emulate the stupidity of this fucking
person he doesn't speak English he like
pretty much ignores the things that I
say I'm being very clear so I'm like
annoying I handed the phone to J and J
is like much calmer than me he's like an
angel but he's only an angel because
compared to me I'm just like I'm the
evilest person in the world when it
comes to this kind of shit I have a
temper I have little to no patience for
stupidity like this level of stupidity
like I don't have any empathy for that I
just can't I don't know and so J is
talking to him and J is getting
frustrated but he's you know remaining
genial and he's like okay we'll come
down and get it so I am like so fucking
annoyed at this point and we go down
there to the lobby we tell him to meet
us like at a certain place and he's
still in the fucking Lobby like all he
can do is go in the lobby and just stand
there like a fucking imbecilic
sludge ball and he's like got our food
right and he gives me the food and
there's no fucking drinks no fucking
drinks and there's no fucking hashbrowns
like what the fuck and I'm like where
are the drinks where the fucking hash
browns and at this point like I'm going
crazy I'm like how fucking stupid can
you be and I think I actually said that
to the guy I was like so fucking
frustrated and Jay is like why is there
nothing here he says oh just like muffin
it doesn't say your drinks it doesn't
say anything I said why can't you do
your job and are like fucking and we can
make flurries as well and our McFlurry
czar melting and I'm like going crazy so
I pick up the phone and I I actually
called the number for this Viktor guy
this customer service guy and while I'm
talking to us Viktor guy on the phone
down it through the elevator comes these
I don't know fucking service people like
people trying to fix something
construction and they are literally like
they're like we're not gonna be allowing
you to use this elevator for a while and
I'm like what I can't go back to my
fucking apartment with this like cold
ass food that this fucking retard
brought me and OJ's like can we just
like go up because it doesn't make any
sense that you're fucking bogarting be
like one fucking elevator that we have
and I and then he just looked proceeds
to be like okay and start throwing like
literally okay our apartment complex is
pretty nice it's very expensive and he's
like throwing shovels loudly while I'm
on the phone on the floor and I'm like
what is this catastrophe I'm like what
the fuck are you doing to the guy and I
just walk off and walk outside and the
guy like responds I guess Jay says he
responded very rudely to me he said try
to finish our fucking workday or some
shit like that and then Jay supposedly
looks up and he's like you're ridiculous
and then the guy starts apologizing
because Jay is like so nice but he makes
you look so fucking stupid when you're
stupid so the guy is like hurry up and
get out of our way and I'm still on the
phone with the guy and that Victor he
was very helpful and we got like a full
refund but he's given me this worker
this walk around like oh well it's
harder for people who are you know
English second a second language and
we're trying to update the the whatever
the menu so that it's easier for people
like that and I'm like well what the
fuck and then he goes like well we've
had problems with his Dasher in in the
past and the way that you're active
reacting now kind of gives us no choice
were gonna have to fire him I'm like
that's fucking good because he doesn't
deserve to be working here I don't know
what people like that have to do for a
job but it shouldn't be working in cuffs
my service it shouldn't be working in
having to understand fucking English and
relay English to another person who
probably doesn't speak English that well
and then bring something somewhere and
like read directions like what the fuck
no like that's like saying okay I'm new
to this country so I'm just gonna go to
Russia and say that I want to be a
Russian translator well you know fucking
affirmative action you know what I'm
saying like let me work it just doesn't
make any sense fucking if you're not
suited to the job don't give people the
fucking job and he deserves to be fired
in my opinion and like Jay it's so cute
because Jay starts feeling so bad like
when we came back up into the apartment
he feels so bad and he's like oh like
he's a guy you know bla bla he's acting
like I'm fucking Scrooge we're like you
know in the Christmas story where I'm
just like oh money I'm gonna lay you off
right next to Christmas and you know
fuck your family and shit in this nice
little Mickey Mouse dude like that
that's not what I'm doing it's fucking
like rational to me what I'm doing
and I just can't stand it so we go back
up in the apartment and Victor gives me
a full refund and he also sends another
Dasher and it takes like an hour so I'm
starving and another thing I was so
stupid is like Jay pointed out to the
guy like look what you did like you
didn't get any of our shit and he didn't
take the Canadian bacon off either he
just got us like Egg McMuffins with no
sides with no drinks and melted fucking
McLaurys and he can't find our fucking
apartment and he's just like the most
brain-dead fucking imbecile in the world
so I'm like oh my fucking god so this
new Dasher he's talking to me and he's
like I'm gonna take very good care of
your order and his name is like kind of
something that seems a little foreign so
I'm like fuck but that he was really
fucking nice and he was like perfect and
I was so nice to him and he came to the
door and it's cute he's like this little
asian guy he came to the door and he's
like I hope everything's okay he was
like really scared it seems like they
were like this is a fucking difficult
bitchy customer or something and I was
like yeah everything's great you're so
awesome thank you so much and like if
you do a good job you get rewarded I'm
nice to you I like you you're a good
person I respect you like as a human
being and I just I just can't respect
someone giving someone a job that
they're not suited for and then that
person like completely screwing up three
hours of my day because he can't fucking
do like basic one two three math were
like reading his comprehension like
didn't make any sense you you could tell
he had no English comprehension because
I would say something and then he was
just like ignore and like Jay says that
when he was trying to pull up the order
to show him he was like hitting a button
and then like it would have given an
error and then he would just do the same
thing over and over again like brain
fucking dead but anyway um this is what
I got in my email from Victor he sent me
a text message and I was like thank you
you've been helpful because I know that
it's stressful for these like higher-ups
to have to deal with these imbeciles but
he said hey there I just wanted to take
him up to apologize about your first
delivery from McDonald's today having
your meal arrive late is by no means
acceptable I feel terrible that you had
to wait so long for your food to arrive
and still incorrect to I've deactivated
the dasher in question and I'm working
on potential menu changes to reduce the
chance of this happening in the future
instead of the $15 credit you now have
the full refund on your credit card and
it was just really nice and he's like
thank you Victor and I I don't know have
you ever had any issues like this with
customer service because I feel like I'm
constantly annoyed at the stupidity of
like people I'm like how did you like
get out of middle school like what is
wrong I don't understand but yeah like
the video subscribe to the channel and
let me know if this was told in an
entertaining way because I'm trying my
best to remember everything in
chronological order and also you know
give you the emotions that I had at the
time and like make it feel like you're
actually immersed in the story and like
for me for some reason that's hard I
like to jump around my brain goes faster
than my my mouth and I end up forgetting
things and I'm like oh wait you know
that happened last and that happened
first and I'm like black confused
reading I open these fucking boxes that
you lovely amazing fucking people sent
me who are not fucking invalids because
you can take a box and take it to the
post office and send it this guy cannot
do that or you like made an order on
Amazon this guy cannot do that I
actually like how does he survive I
didn't I don't want ever
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed I'll see
you guys soon mwah bye
you
