hey sexy vapors normally Saturdays are
my upload days off but every last
saturday of the month I'm giving away my
Tara's ample box so if you vape or you
want to start vaping and you don't have
the money for liquids or you do but you
want some extra liquids or maybe you
want to give these away as a gift sign
up down in the description for the
giveaway it's pretty easy to do just
follow the link and do all the little
missions and get a bunch of entries
sample box and I love giving away a tear
of boxes so come back next month if you
don't win this time just a quick
announcement and remember do your own
research don't let the BS slander from
the tobacco companies scare you away
from being healthier and smelling better
IE switching from cigarettes to vaping i
would totally kiss a vapor wouldn't kiss
a smoker blah like the video subscribe
to the channel and good luck in the
giveaway and as always happy vaping I
swear I'm getting closer to smoke rings
you
did I do it
holy shit I think I kinda did it sign up
for my sample box give away my guys
practice doesn't make perfect mmm
