hey guys welcome to a new episode of
fanservice Friday trying to make the way
I say that intro progressively more and
more sexual just for fun and because I
feel like I'm kind of bad at dirty
talking don't really have the voice for
it anyway on this week's fanservice
Friday I'm gonna be showing you guys my
favorite leggings ooh
since this is my most popular series but
it's also the series that I never have
monetized because of age restriction I
decided it appropriate to make you guys
wait just a little bit longer for the
fanservice and shamelessly advertise
some of my endeavors if you would like
to support the continuation of my free
content I recommend you check out
patreon.com/crashcourse
monthly autographed images Instagram
shoutouts and videos like fanservice
Friday days early early access I also
wanted to let you guys know that I have
two gaming channels a YouTube channel
and a twitch channel youtube.com slash
Tara Babcock games where I play a whole
gaggle of different games gaggle and
twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock where I
live stream league the division lexico
and whatever the fuck else I feel like
indie games so if you would check out
both those I would appreciate that and
adds this series has nothing to offer by
portunus fanservice with the message
that you should never take yourself too
seriously
and you should have fun with yo
sexuality why begins it's natural and
you're gonna have fun with it anyway
just you should have less shame because
of it alright let's go
I'm just kidding I'm gonna put these on
ba-bow hope you guys enjoyed like the
video subscribe to the channel and check
out both of my other channels twitch.tv
slash Terry Babcock youtube.com slash
their Babcock II next time I might do
some lip service or maybe we'll do
another fashion show who knows whatever
I feel like doing my see you guys soon
