hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Tara Reid's comments sorry about not
having an episode of this two weeks ago
I was super sick so sick in fact that I
couldn't read the shit that you guys
post in the comments or think of any
witty comebacks it was pretty bad
Tara no witty comebacks that's like
brink of death shit but I have
convalesced which means I'm back at it
without further ado do I present to you
guys this week's Tara Reid's comments
Tara why are you so weird or it the
first comment is naturally some good
advice
if you find the one who loves to take it
in the butt you must keep her by any
means necessary I always love to hear
some good advice from the comments
section on YouTube Thank You Batman
lover the Batman lover I don't want to
be mean but Deadpool is just too sexy
for you Deadpool is too sexy for me
maybe Ryan Reynolds you know I for one
do not understand at all why women find
him attractive quote I don't even like
tacos that much end quote
maybe that's why you gotta wear all that
makeup a new beauty tip if you want to
have natural luscious and luminous
Beauty eat tacos a taco a date keeps the
ugliness away thanks fat ass I'll have
to try that
Christopher Berlin says hey my friend
wants to know if you can buy a pair of
your panties seriously Christopher
Berlin's friend sure Chris you can buy a
pair of my panties how soiled do you
want him look at the guy he looks like a
guy who buys panties but a nothing wrong
with a guy who buys panties I hear they
have vending machines for that shit in
Japan
god I love Japan Tara let me get right
to the point
I want you let's make this happen
doesn't even have a picture that only
works when I do it this is why I give
dating advice opposite from what I
actually do in real life
cuz this it doesn't work especially not
for guys with no profile pictures why
did the sperm cross the road because you
took on the wrong sock in the morning
it's okay but the whole took on thing
kind of makes me feel like you're a
little foreign the only thing I take on
is a cock I put on my socks take on a
cock put on my socks holy shit that's
fired but I'm not a rapper big shout-out
to guys who watched this piece of slut
that's actually the nicest hate comment
I've ever got most people think I'm a
full slow
I'm only a piece of slut it's true the
rest of me is full gamer also yes shout
out to the guys who watch me you guys
Rock
this one's pretty good what did happen
to your lips and boobs no offend but
your look reminds me of a 55 year old
woman who wants to be 18 again
it's like young grandpa and how old are
you 30 26 it's still young natural looks
always is much better than faith
disagree at this state you could be 3 or
4 best anywhere in Europe Eastern Europe
I'm sorry James for mr. Europe and
that's like the asshole of Europe so
much below average this is so weird it's
weird that someone's below average the
average is set because there are people
many people who are below it I will eat
your asshole 7 thumbs ups honestly I
don't really know what eating asshole
accomplishes doesn't that just make you
have a gaping asshole are you gonna eat
me a new asshole
I'll just have a larger asshole assholes
are like negative space well not for me
but for some porn stars so how can you
eat a hole are you offering to eat your
own cream pie or even worse eat my shit
you're fucking kinky you and the seven
other people who liked your comment hope
you die from cancer this year fucking
whore okay as of this video I'm like
99.9% sure I'm cancer-free and I doubt
anyone really dies from cancer in a year
so I will make an equally unattainable
goal for you I hope you are ever
successful in your life Oh burn she's so
Savage Tara Bangkok don't think that's
funny
neither do i I've heard better ones my
entire life daily but this guy thought
it was so funny he posted it on two of
my videos Tara Bangkok still not funny
also what's with the space in the
capitalization of cock I think without
the capitalization of cock and the
spacing we still know that I have cock
in my last name no need for totally
ruining the fact that it's supposed to
be last name you're just bad tally to
bees creeped me out
tally two E's is that like Taliban
Teletubbies Taliban Tubby's fat members
of the Taliban that would probably creep
me out too I am jealous who the fuck is
J fuck J it is crazy how people don't
want the girls in the media that they
like to be associated with any other men
in any capacity Kim Kardashian has a
husband I'll kill that motherfucker Kim
Kardashian has a brother I'll fucking
throw him
as mine but sir why is she yours because
I saw her on the internet and I wanted
to fuck her I would wife you if you ever
seek to settle down dear my whole life
I've been wanting to settle down instead
I was a slut because I thought no one
would have me you sir have broken my
curse I am ready to sell down come
hither poon fourth youtuber I've watched
doing this why the fuck did I type poon
I love that reaction to himself
hashtag Doge is Tara x-files theme Doge
is Illuminati confirmed Tara is dope
Dobies Illuminati so therefore tara is
illuminati confirmed confirmed here's
something for you guys best pick-up line
hello can you hold this drink while i
take a shit then another guy says better
pick-up line shakes hands you hold my
hand the way my grandmother holds my
dick the first guy says I prefer mine I
concur we're gonna post a strawpoll down
in the comments in the description
you decide which pick-up line is better
or worse how about some nice comments
Jamaica Brosco says you know when you
first look at her it's like god this
girl is gonna be like another Trisha
Paytas thinking the dogs don't have
brains but then she starts talking and
explaining the topics and she really is
actually a very intelligent person oh
thank you
but in Trish's defense even though she
might not be an intellectual genius the
videos of her being that stupid those
are troll videos seems like if you do
troll videos and you never explain it in
the video just kind of haunts you
forever
next nice comment Tara is like a big
titted Vulcan that is the best
compliment I've ever gotten ever hands
down if I could choose to be any
fictional race I would be a Vulcan and I
would deal with the eyebrows and I would
embrace my lack of emotions just like I
kind of do now and last but not least
let's take a look at some female
comments here's your run-of-the-mill one
you you fucking slut that's disgusting I
can't believe I subbed youth stupid
fucking titty whore bitch slut slut slut
now for contrast let's look at how
awesome some of my actual female viewers
are Rosie Johnson says okay out of all
these honeypot players I think she's the
best Oh
Thank You Rosie even better though is
Natasha's Enki I take ten inches every
day or a couple times a day depending on
how fast I get home or to my boyfriend
that's the kind of female comment I want
to see on my channel but better yet
Madison J says I wish I was that girl
getting fucked by you all
Madison this is how girls should behave
amongst other girls can we just talk
about how great big cocks are and how
much we want to finger each other
what's with the hate not only does it
make me not like you it makes me feel
bad for you and think you're kind of
pathetic
so before you spread negativity of her
like absolutely no reason just don't and
go do something that makes you happy
take your anger out on a good session in
the gym that's what I do and literally
the only two emotions I feel are blood
lust and lust I don't have to go around
hating on people's videos who I don't
like whoa that got a little
philosophical there all right guys like
the video subscribe to the channel it's
right there no it's not it's actually
down there you have to click down there
if you want to subscribe but anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed this and got a few
laughs out of it every time I make these
videos I think they're not that funny
and then I go edit them and i rewatch
them and i'ma clapping my ass off and I
feel like some weird narcissist but
anyway you got a create content that you
enjoy right cuz if you enjoy it other
people are bound to enjoy it too
like-minded viewers turn into real life
runs you guys are like my family and I
love you I will see you back here either
tomorrow with the Q&A if I have it
edited or on Friday with fan service
Friday here's a little hint guys it's
gonna be my favorite leggings yeah I
love you even the retard commenters see
you guys in two weeks with a new Terry's
comments I don't know why my Winx like
half the time have to make a sound the
new automata Pia for a wink is I didn't
even put that into a word AAA
i h e-- bye
