hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says never mind the crown I
just got done with my Friday night mail
video anyway this time the creator of
the video is none other than rubber
tongue yeah my slutty little slave I
gave him this task as a punishment and I
guess he kind of likes video editing now
anyway let me know in the comments if I
should punish him for this video or if
you guys enjoyed it something I really
love about this one is there's gaming
stuff involved and there's Jay and I
arguing and every time i rewatch a video
Jana arguing I'm like cracking up every
time remember this is a fan driven
series so if you guys want to create a
shit Tara says please do is send it to
me and if I like it I'll post it spoiler
alert I'll probably like it anyway I
hope you guys enjoy leave cat eats in
the comments from as well how he can
improve I'm sure you'll appreciate it
good boy rubber song
you
saying hello you sexy salty cunts
because who doesn't love it when I cunt
is a little salty excited about this
it's fuckin pink of refresher powder
which makes it really easy to clean it
tastes exactly like a pumpkin pie or
anything my god
you dip it then don't die before you get
there I don't die before I get that so I
usually get there but I die before you
get there no I die and I happen to not
get there because I died what you dying
before you get there is how you can say
that it's personally I means I got there
and died while getting there no you got
you die ball getting there yeah but you
didn't get there exactly
can your just default to the person the
native English speaker here because
otherwise you're always wrong okay I've
never been wrong once in my entire life
Bart would have more articulate opinions
than some of these Bart would have more
articulate opinions than some of these I
try to shoot for 15 times seems like the
sweet spot
oh fucking bitch fucking bitch fucking
bitch fucking bitch fucking bitch
fucking bitch spanking whipping flogging
wax dripping golden showers and other
humiliation tactics like torture and
captive fantasies I know it might not be
a popular notion but these types of
roleplay are actually very healthy be I
can whip rubber done with this to show
him how cow suffered for this stupid
whip
Teletubby action this is totally not
creepy right
