all right I'm gonna try to give you guys
some serious tips today on how to not
get into the friendzone and how to break
free of the friendzone if you have for
some reason already gotten in it now I
know a lot of you guys are thinking
tarawa has never been in the friendzone
Tara you know looks like this and this
is a mainstream version of attractive
that most people would just be like yeah
maybe you know I'm not gonna wipe her
butt I'd fuck her at least once or twice
I'm sure you all are thinking that and
even if you don't find me attractive
having a girl who's sexually open and
confident at least once in your life is
something that I feel like everyone
should have because they can teach you a
lot about yourself and it can be a damn
fun ride right so if it's not this look
that you're looking to have sex with
once in your life who's like sexually
open and crazy it might be like a cute
rocker chick that looks like Chloe from
life is strange you know that kind of
thing but um today I am here to tell you
that I have been in the friendzone many
times and I still continue to get into
the friendzone not saying that I
couldn't break out of it or use my looks
or something to break out of it right
but I feel like I understand why people
get into the friendzone and I understand
the psychology of other humans much more
objectively than a lot of people do
because I just don't you know put a lot
of emotions on things as most of you
guys who watch a lot of my videos know
but I feel like I'm gonna be generating
a lot of new viewers today because this
is like a widespread topic and a
widespread problem for a lot of men and
women around the world so the first
thing I want to tell you guys is I think
it's very important that the sexual or
romantic interest in the mystery happens
before the friendship now let me try to
explain what that means to me if you get
really close to someone as a friend like
let's say you are a guy and you are
really good friends with a girl and you
are her shoulder to cry on and you're
there for her and you know everything
about her then the mystery and the
intrigue is gone and you start to get a
bond that's more familial it's kind of
like more like a brother and sister kind
of bond and this happened to me a lot
when I was younger I liked a lot of boys
that I was really good friends with when
I was younger but I played video games I
liked being active I liked riding my
bike I liked you know doing fantasy
things like playing worms and then going
outside with like water balloons and
pretending that were were
and throwing them in each other and
getting wet and dirty and I was kind of
a tomboy and my guy friends saw me even
though I was just as attractive as the
other little girls like most of the time
and often in stages of my life I was
just a normal little girl they didn't
see me as the opposite sex they didn't
see me as someone to put up on a
pedestal and often people get crushes
people get romantically involved or
romantically interested or sexually
interested in people who they don't know
very well so they don't have that
close-knit closeness I'm sorry if I talk
poorly I really hate that my brain moves
faster than my fucking mouth I wish I
could speak more properly and I also
wish that I had more time to study
actual psychological terms because as I
do understand things better I don't have
the stupid like flashy terms to throw
around so that you guys think like oh
this bitch really knows her shit you
know and I love it when I actually do
hear the terms for things that I've
always known all along it's like oh
that's the blah blah blah syndrome
interesting you know that kind of thing
so when you get too close to someone as
a friend you end up kind of breaking
that possibility to put that person up
on a pedestal so she's not like thinking
oh he's mysterious I wonder what he's
about or you know oh you know he
probably sees me as this cute girl it
becomes the person who knows too much
about you who has like heard you fart or
watched you cry about another boy and
seen you in vulnerable moments and
having someone in vulnerable moments
before you like have established love or
romance or you know sexuality or sexual
lust for a person kind of puts you in a
friend or family zone rather than in a
romantic zone so a lot of people are
like trying to befriend girls trying to
get pedicures with girls trying to
understand girls on a level that girls
would love their fucking husbands to
understand them but it's just at the
wrong place in the wrong time if you can
like be the like cool guy who asks her
out for coffee and hits on her and then
you become the boyfriend who dotes on
her and does the things that like every
woman says that they want that is like
the perfect mix because women want to be
intrigued by you they want to see you as
something better than just a guy who
farts and burps
and will hold your purse and you know be
that pussy for you girls want guys who
are pussies for them but not before
they're sexually attracted to them or
emotionally attached in them if that
makes any sense so it's kind of like a
lot of men see it as some kind of crazy
like catch-22 or impossibility right
when really it's just the ordering of
things it's the layering and Magic and
Magic the Gathering the card game
there's like stacks right and things go
on the stack and then like layer up and
then this is the first thing that
resolves and you have to do it in the
right order in order to make things work
properly and it's the same thing with
relationships so when I was younger I
would get boyfriends because I was you
know attractive for my age who I didn't
know as a best friend before and a few
of my boyfriends I would be friends with
him when I was younger and then like 10
years later we would become romantically
interested in each other because we
didn't know each other anymore but when
you're that close to someone
people have ethos too so like if a girl
if you've seen a girl cry the girl feels
like she can trust you but she also
doesn't feel sexy around you she doesn't
feel excited to pursue a relationship
because you already know all of the you
know downsides to her if that makes any
sense so while you might think that a
girl opening up to you might be a good
idea
it isn't as much if you're trying to
build a sexual relationship or an
emotional relationship beyond just being
a friend or a brother to her if that
makes any sense
it goes in the same rung as like I want
to do a topic soon about incest because
like people consider to people just
growing up together but not being
biologically connected as oh that's
weird that's like my brother that's like
incest right well it's not the same
thing it just feels the same because you
know the person on a level that takes
them off that pedestal that you have all
the girls that you're attracted to on
it's the same thing the same principle
with celebrities like a lot of
celebrities are just they look like
average people like average middle-aged
women like Angelina Jolie but because
you've seen her do these like
fantastical things in movies and you
don't see her in real life every day
it's like whoa that's Angelina Jolie the
movie star the same thing happens with
me I have
like fans and stuff and viewers on my
channel who know me as a model or a
gamer or a youtuber or a streamer and
they're like oh Terra's perfect she's
amazing but then the same types of
people who would who would fangirl over
me are like knowing me in real life and
not fangirling and acting like they
don't even really they're not even
really interested in my work they're
like yeah that's just Tara it's because
you've gotten to know that person on a
level that it would be awkward to put
them up on that pedestal if that makes
any sense the next thing is okay so this
offends a lot of people and I've talked
about this before but she's here that
was weird but a lot of people say nice
guys finish last okay so I'm sorry but
nice guys don't finish last
girls like nice guys I might like nice
guys the least out of any girl but I
still appreciate a truly nice person
there are two reasons why girls don't
like nice guys one nice is actually
translated to boring if you're boring if
you don't have some excitement or you
don't take chances or your not
mysterious or you're not interesting or
you don't have that like chemistry why
would someone want to be with you that's
just like the Plain Jane girl that you
know it's just weird and it has nothing
interesting about her getting in the
friendzone as well because you know
you're not taking chances you're not
becoming that like as bad as it is as
terrible as the analogy is you're not
that you know vampire guy from either
Vampire Diaries or what's the other
fucking awful one Twilight Twilight
wasn't as bad as people say it's just
like the idea of Twilight the whole like
teen angst thing kind of like is like
that's overplayed but anyway like that
kind of thing like that guy's not
extra-special he's just taking risks
doing something dangerous having a
personality you know being mysterious
you know only giving her little bits of
himself at a time and you know trying a
little bit to make himself you know
attractive like making himself look nice
for 10 minutes in the morning like guys
should they shouldn't just be like
gluttonous sacks of goo you know like if
you do that you shouldn't expect someone
to find you attractive because you don't
have the discipline enough to take care
of yourself and hygiene is like the
number one thing that like literally any
woman will say is a turn-off if you have
poor hygiene it's kind of you're screwed
there but it's not nice guys finish last
it's
you are now in friendzone because you
got too close to the person before you
establish that you're interested in them
and you were just quiet and didn't take
any chances and you're too nice like and
when they say nice they mean boring
basically so a lot of people are gonna
hate me for this and say that I'm a
bitch or whatever but I'm just telling
you how it actually is for all girls out
there girls like nice men girls like you
know still shivering shivering chivalry
is not dead girls like chivalry they
just like it from a guy who's not like a
little pussy bitch you know if that
makes any sense to you also the other
reason why people say nice is bad and
this is the one that I like seriously
fucking hate fake nice fake nice is how
people view nice these days and it's
ridiculous because like I don't want to
hear you say nice things to me well I
know you're thinking mean things in your
head I don't want you to like hold
everything that you have in all of your
passion all of your emotions back just
so you never have to say anything mean
or never have to say anything that you
know crosses a threshold from you know
fake nice to real I like realism women
like realism they like emotion they like
fucking passion if you don't have
passion for your girl or passion for the
person that you like or passion for your
friends you're like a lesser shell of a
human being everyone experiences
emotions and well I try to you know
subdue mine and only have the ones that
are useful you know come out like I
would be nowhere without my lust without
my you know passion for friendship and
my passion for loyalty of the people
that I actually care about of my passion
for video games my passion for making
these types of videos in the way that I
talk if I was just sitting here
monotonous ly being like I'm gonna tell
you exactly what you NE here so to not
hurt your feelings like no one likes
those people those people are clearly
fake and most people can see right
through their bullshit that whole like
don't say anything nice or say something
nice or don't say anything at all is
it's true if you don't know a person
like you don't go around just like
spouting out rudeness but be a real
fucking person have real opinions have
real emotions otherwise nobody wants to
be around you and that's something that
rubs me the wrong way the most so when
people say nice guys finish last it's
boring and fake nice guys finish last
and that's the bottom line so
don't be boring don't be fake nice and
while it does suck you shouldn't get too
close to a girl before you establish
that you want to have more than just a
friendship because it is just human
nature it is the basic psychology that
once you get too close and see too much
of a person without being married are
already loving that person romantically
it just it becomes like a rut that is
really hard to build build-out up so I
don't really have many tips on how to
get out of a friendzone I feel like
maybe just like taking time off from the
person or letting them into like some
cool skydiving shit that you do or
getting a makeover like changing
something about yourself or like moving
away for a few years that works great
that's what worked for me when I was
younger is like not going to the same
elementary schools all of my friends
that I had in preschool and then coming
back like I was best friends with all
the guys from like up until the end of
middle school and I'm still always
having my best friends be guys but I
have never once had a best friend guy
that I got on that level with see me in
an attractive way or me see them in an
attractive way you know what I mean like
unless the guy had intent from the
get-go when I get too close to someone
before I like sprout into my womanhood
it just kind of becomes a platonic
friendship forever because you feel too
colloquial with the people if that makes
any sense but I hope this shed some
light on you guys on the topic for you
guys I'm getting a little disoriented
this ring light is fucking with my eyes
and I have to go stream I'm gonna play
some league today so I hope you guys
enjoyed this like the video subscribe to
the channel and let me know what other
topics you want me to tackle because I'm
pretty good at this shit and I have a
good understanding of all the things
even though I'm very different from most
women and I just fucking love you guys
now when I help you guys out and it
really does suck that you can't be as
good of a friend as you want to be and
you can't do exactly what a girl says
she wants because you know she doesn't
know her own psychology as well as
someone from the outside does and it's
very clear that she doesn't want you to
get a pedicure pedicure with her she
wants you to be a friend if she really
wants that unless you have established
that you are her man and you are sexy
and you can fuck her good and then you
fuck
go do nice things like buy her flowers
and chocolate and candy and be her best
friend because marrying your best friend
or being in a relationship with your
best friend is literally the best thing
ever I don't even do real relationships
but I can vouch for that I have been
having sex with Jay for fucking what 12
years now and it's just as amazing as it
was before and he did not start out at
his friend he started out as a funny guy
who I thought was hot and if he had
started out as my best friend it
probably wouldn't have gotten anywhere
unless he got as hot as he is now and
then maybe it would have I don't know
because I'm so visual and so I don't
know physical oriented when it comes to
sex and so open with the sex stuff I'm
just like yeah I would fuck my friends
sure why not but I definitely can see
how the romance wouldn't be there
because it would be like oh you already
know everything I'm not getting to know
you as a boyfriend or a sexual interest
I'm getting to know you as that friend
who now we have sex you know does that
make any sense I don't know it's really
fucking hot in here and I went tanning
today so don't ruin my shit I will see
you guys bye
