hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail it is hot as fucking
here holy shit why am i wearing a
cardigan
I don't know how am I gonna survive the
summer without a/c I don't know about
that either I just finished the story
two story time video yeah and it was
very interesting and now i'm all hyped
up and sweaty from talking and emotive
which is something i don't do very often
sometimes I wonder if I'm even sentient
we can kill and dismember Tara for food
she doesn't feel pain she doesn't cry
when separated from her family anyway we
have a lot of stuff again today for
Friday night mail it's fucking crazy
like I don't understand every time I get
like a lot of stuff like I did last
Friday night mail I'm like ok next
Friday night now I'm gonna get like
nothing and lo and behold I have stuff
that stacks up about this high so you
guys are more than oh let's just get to
the box opening because I there's no
more ways that I can tell you that you
are awesome I'm just gonna keep
reiterating you are fucking awesome and
the first thing we have here definitely
fucking proves it look how fucking
pretty this envelope is oh my god we got
Batman we've got Baba we've got a
fucking question mark blog it says I am
a YouTube magical girl which is like the
sweetest thing ever and on the back
there's a spider-man sticker and it says
S&M so cute lots of hearts and I'm gonna
try open this opening this without
wrecking it he or she said I made this
one easy to open when you open an
envelope that's decorated try using a
butter knife as a letter opener that's
really a good idea I should probably get
like a stylish letter opener or put one
on my wish list because I don't know I
just like things to be stylish if it's
not pink if it's not stylish what's the
point of having it right right as well
do it the hard way
anyway let's see what is in this letter
flawless opening hey girl hey there's a
drawing of me with Baba was covering my
vagina pots and yes my boobs are vagina
parts I've decided I got bored at church
so I drew a sexy picture of you instead
of listening to the pastor I hope it
makes you smile that in itself the idea
of someone drawing a sexy picture of me
while at church instead of listening to
the pastor that makes me smile also this
is really cute I thought maybe you
should make a wall of some of your fan
art and cars from your viewers always
fun to draw sexy and beautiful girls I
have been thinking about wanting to do
this for a while and in fact until I get
a new place and have a place to put that
I'm gonna get one of those binders with
those like open plastic sheets that hold
like eight by tens and put
all the stuff that you guys send me in
there because right now I'm just putting
them in manila envelopes and putting
them in boxes I don't really know what
to do with them but I definitely don't
throw any of it away because fucking
amazing you guys oh my god I want to
display all of the art I love fan art
it's like the best thing ever so if you
can draw or even if you can't send me
something I really appreciate this shit
anyway
dear Tara I don't care if you read me on
or off camera I got the pictures you
sent me in the mail about a week ago and
they came at a perfect moment when I was
having a shitty day and I was so
thrilled so was Ian thank you so much
babe a lot of the youtubers wouldn't
have done more than open it up and said
thank you and moved on to a package but
you really made me and my bro feel
really special and I just about died
when I saw how sweet you were about it
I'm so glad you got my mail dude I was
like I gotta do this I was totally gonna
draw you a picture too but I haven't
even drawn the picture I need to draw
for my mom for her birthday so as awful
as that sounds I just haven't had much
time to draw you really make time for
your viewers and give back to them even
though most youtubers don't you are so
thankful and it really shows on camera
and all the things that you do oh you
were so hard-working and you aren't just
in it for the fame of the money I've
been watching you play on your second
Channel and everyone else should give it
some love oh she's even putting plugs
for my gaming channel in there
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games
it's actually my first channel it's
crazy you work hard on those videos and
you are a joy to watch love you xoxo
Ellie OH
Thank You Ellie and Ian you guys are so
fucking amazing I love you both so much
you guys are fucking awesome if there's
anything else I can do please let me
know big kiss from me alright next we
have this package which looks like it's
from China good things always come from
China let's open it up Oh get rekt son
it's so cute I wanna be the bear best
like no one ever was to catch them is my
real test to train them is my cause
Pokemon gotta catch em all it's you and
me I know it's my destiny I'm a fucking
terrible singer and you know this is
good too Kona shit Tara says probably
shouldn't edit this out but I won't
anyway Mew is my favorite Pokemon I
can't believe there are like over 600
Pokemon now really we can just do like a
hundred and
for I really like Piplup and togepi and
a few others but I mean what fucking
Eevee has like nine evolutions now come
on just calm down
anyway thank you so much for the bigger
plushie of my favorite Pokemon you are
awesome
whoever you are they never put slips in
the packages from China next package
let's get it open ah how awesome this is
that under the desk headphones hanger
I've been asking for for a while I'm
gonna put it under my desk and then I
can hang my headset there and then
another headset instead of it just
winding up and being awful or just
throwing it on my desk or on the floor
and I get it wrapped around my chair Oh
Lots anyway we've actually got a notes
hi Tara enjoy your gift from Israel Elle
you're awesome I love you and your
fanservice Fridays greetings from Mexico
thank you so much this is going to make
my life so much fucking easier have I
told you guys you're awesome it's I
don't think I have this one comes from
Brian you says do not bend I'll see
what's up with it this is a print of
literally my favorite art that I've ever
had done for me it's so fucking similar
to my actual setup there's the Captain
America shield change humps boo my boobs
oh so awesome thank you so much and you
so much Brian you think you're gonna
send me a prince
it's got my headset my Gunners I even
have a blue bikini exactly like this you
are fucking talented and fucking awesome
hey these are the sleeves I was talking
about keeping all of my art into now
when I go to the store I can bring this
and show them in black I want this hi
Tara I finally got around to putting out
this picture of you that I drew I hope
you like it thank you for all of your
great content keep up the good work
fan for life Brian at star seed 13 so
you should check him out on Twitter at
star seed 13 STRs EE D 13 and then he
says PS this was definitely the most fun
I've ever had looking up reference
photos uh you're awesome dude thank you
no not the creepiest thing I've ever
done
we've got another package Oh slid it
like I slit your throat Final Fantasy 13
to lightning returns oh yes I am so
excited I have been wanting these for a
while someone asked me what I wanted
from my wish list and this is what I
pointed him to oh this one's shiny look
look at lightning whoo
more like rainbow am i right anyway J
and I have both been really craving a
good final fantasy you know since we're
waiting for the 7 remake and all and
we've played 13 but we haven't played 13
- or lightning returns snow is one of
the hottest Final Fantasy characters
ever he's like 6 5 and he dates a girl
named Sarah who's like 5 for me but she
has pink hair
I should cosplay as Sarah and Jacob
cosplays snow Oh best city ever anyway
thank you so much it's always one of my
top choice to get anything gaming
related even if I have far too many
games right now but these are next to my
list that's for sure
yeah roll up my sleeves this is getting
heavy we've got a box oh it's so
aggressive with my boxes you know what
I'm saying you know sometimes you're
just too aggressive a box not one but
two yes I'm excited let's do the less
heavy one first
oh wait wait I was telling me that he
was gonna send me some stuff Oh Wayne
thank you so much whatever these are you
were the fucking best hi Tara enjoy your
gift from Wayne always remember your
friends are there for you through thick
and thin and I'm proud to be your friend
oh let's open it it's a bunch of weird
Japanese Kit Kat flavors I've been
wanting to try these in a video for a
while thank you so much wait I can't
wait to make this video now definitely
make sure to thank you and that one too
you were so supportive of me and all of
my content boys excited to read your
comments this one says the exact same
thing but it doesn't say open first that
one said open first so let's see what
this is
got another one of the class packs that
I wanted thank you so much Wayne you
were awesome I'm definitely proud to
call you my friend - you are so
wonderful
well tug it out let's hug it out love
you Wayne all right books number three
all right the gift bag says hi LMT have
fun with this buddy oh it's from Robert
oh look these gift bags are so awesome
oh come on why do they go too high it's
retarded
what is this every time I see these in
the store I want to buy it and I never
do because you'd like that Stevie that's
how
Somani but I have my very own
stormtrooper I wish it was Rex I wish he
looked like Rex hmm
we have to give him a name we have to
give him a name he can't have a number
it's got to be a name post it in the
comments what I should call my
stormtrooper buddy
I'm so happy together he's so cute and
cuddly I'm gonna be sleeping with this
one that's for sure
just like that pink blanket that the new
guy got me I sleep with that every night
as my main blanket so soft you guys are
amazing you sit right here next to me
it's gonna be my co-star Oh God have a
big box that big box get back up that
man you guys have to watch in like two
days I actually made a vlog of me
running errands and going to the post
office to get these things it's so crazy
when I get this shit oh my god what the
fuck is it holy shit we've got a
stormtrooper outfit with the helmet how
are these coming together this is like
the perfect timing for this outfit let
me see how crazy it is maybe I'll put it
on I think I should put it on let's go
try it on oh my god I'm a stormtrooper
wait a minute everybody this is so cute
oh my god wear it it was way too hard
even for this right now oh my god holy
shit Oh oh my god this is crazy though I
love it oh I'm sweating my ass well
that's a little better I want to be a
stormtrooper though it's fun to be a
stormtrooper only in the winter all
right we have two more boxes and this
next one's kind of heavy oh god it's got
like parts and it makes sounds hi LMT
guess you could use your own German
castle what what is going on in here oh
it's a puzzle look it's a German castle
this is so thoughtful it's actually 3d -
it stands 15 inches and 15 point five
inches horizontally 35 oh yeah I'm
definitely gonna do this on stream I've
decided
thank you Robert um you've been a good
boy today again every Friday night mail
you're a good boy and last but certainly
not least alright this is a big-ass gift
box
almost died there look how big it is
look how big it is
what the hell another one of these
messages maybe it's some kind of
metaphorical clean slate it's an evil
queen costume this looks so gorgeous
I know rubber tongue got me this too
I've never seen such a professional
costume bag like honestly I'm used to
all of the like really shitty Halloween
ones feel like it's too hot to dress up
in this maybe I can use it for
fanservice Friday or something package
includes stretch satin dress with corset
like boning and embroidery and gold lace
peplum overlay with pleated and lace
trim details bustle black and gold lace
collar under skirts with attached tulle
petticoats and black and gold lace train
and crown with jeweled actions we gotta
at least put on the crown we've got a
loose on the crown there it is at the
bottom I feel like the differences I am
Queen Tara and as my first decree all
women must have big titties not like
little titties too
all men must have big throbbing
erections 100% of the time you must call
a doctor if you have an erection lasting
shorter than four hours do I look pretty
as a Queen River tongue alright guys I
really appreciate everything you do for
me you are fucking amazing please like
the video subscribe to the channel and
post in the comments what I should name
my stormtrooper I really want to know
you guys the suggestions that I'll pick
the best one out of all of them and I'll
call him that for the rest of my life is
that cuddle him at night my love my
stormtrooper I'm the evil queen Tarot
with a legion of stormtroopers how much
better of a story with a beer sequel
thank you so much guys thank you l Ian
Ian Thank You Israel
Brian rubber tongue and of course Wayne
you guys are amazing
the support you guys give me is way too
much and I especially appreciate the
support on my gaming youtube and my
twitch livestream because I love gaming
so much and I want to be able to share
it with you guys so if you like gave me
two please check them both out
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games and
twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock
I'm live most nights say bye bye
I've got some new games to play and I
need to go change before I sweat my ass
off you guys would be really sad if my
ass fell off from sweating right Wow
there's nothing more amazing than you
guys never let anyone tell you different
so sexy dance
