hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara I can't find my teacher
glasses today so I'm just gonna have to
be regular Tara for this sex ed
hopefully that doesn't disappoint you
guys too much anyway this week we are
gonna cover the topic why is sex really
taboo this is one of the most asked
questions by the subscribers who like me
and is one of the most misunderstood by
the poor souls that dislike me simply
because I make videos like this one so
before you hit enter on your
run-of-the-mill slut comment take a
moment to listen to what I actually have
to say it might alter your perspective a
bit so whether sex is or isn't a big
deal I'm hoping you guys can learn
something today about how the other side
of the argument views it in my
experience sex is pretty taboo in
America and even more so in many other
parts of the world for a few reasons
believe it or not there are places in
the world they're much less
understanding about sexual openness in
America I know sometimes it's hard to
believe for me too
can anyone say firstworldproblems anyway
yes there are still countries that
disallow you to have sex with someone
outside of your marriage or outside of
marriage in general by law so why is
that in those countries sex is seen as
either only a means of procreation or
something that only a husband can enjoy
and at his leisure ie
for his pleasure only some of these
places still refute the existence of the
female orgasm these things are not only
backed up by law but they're backed up
by something more powerful than law and
that is religion you can imagine it is
very hard for women in these places in
America in other parts of the Western
world it's more about your upbringing
and how you were raised and sometimes
it's about religion as well a majority
of people are taught that sex is
supposed to be something that's private
shameful unless it's shared quietly
between a husband and wife or in a
committed relationship only because of
this men usually seek a women that have
had no other sexual partners or have had
very few sexual partners and no one
really feels okay talking about sex in a
public forum so if you are one of the
people who is raised this way it's no
wonder that someone like me who shouts
our sexual preference from rooftops
makes you cringe or leaves a bad taste
in your mouth
so if sex is private shameful and is
only to be shared with extreme
exclusivity then what I'm doing must
have some kind of ulterior motive I must
be bad or morally bankrupt right I get
your thought process there's the flaw
and what a lot of people think about sex
some people think that how they were
raised or the ideals that they were
raised with are the correct ones they
can't think outside their religions or
beliefs to see that everyone's different
what is wrong to you is not factually
wrong and what makes sense to you might
be completely in
coherent to others it's all about
perspective this is why when women work
on their appearance sleep with a lot of
men or talk openly about sex they're
seen as sluts attention whores bad
people or unintelligent by many who are
raised this way they think these people
must have no redeeming qualities if they
act this way because if they were smart
good people they wouldn't have to be
sexy because sexy is bad or it has to be
exploitative they don't even think about
the fact that you don't have to be
anything some people just have different
hobbies and like different things and
trust me it's not just women who have it
bad men should sleep around maybe called
assholes man whores
or might not be considered boyfriend
material it's not all high fives and
damn good job man's for men who like sex
like a lot of people think in fact a man
was open about his desires is considered
disgusting often among many women they
call men pigs perverts can't take their
jokes say it's sexual harassment it
sucks
well guess what some people are just
more sexual than others some people are
more open about sex than others some
people don't see it as shameful or
exclusive and some people have goals for
their appearance that has nothing to do
with anyone but themselves
this person some people are just
different or raised to think differently
that's just how the world is I can't say
it enough people are different so
instead of judging someone because
they're sexy or like to have sex why not
just be interested in them and what
makes them different try to put yourself
in other people's shoes on the flip side
don't make fun of someone who wants to
save their virginity and try to
understand where all of the slut
comments are coming from instead of
getting offended and retaliating for no
reason they don't know you personally
they're just attacking you because you
don't believe the same thing they
believe in no need to even take things
like that seriously unless you actually
have a problem with the fact that you're
a slut anyway factually sex is natural
whether you hide it or not sexual
release is healthy for both genders
improves the mood and is the only way we
can survive as a species we've evolved
to have emotions and deeper thinking so
why can't we have sex just for pleasure
just like we create extra bones and eat
tasty food just because of the pleasure
it brings some other mammals like
dolphins have sex for fun too sometimes
so who's to say that's not natural or
not something we should be doing as
humans we're all for populating the
earth as it is I don't think everyone
that has kids should be having kids as
long as someone isn't personally
attacking or hurting you why do you care
what anyone else does anyway focus on
yourself hopefully no matter how
we were raised this has made some sense
to you and has shed some light on the
other side of the argument I'm here to
bring understanding let me know what you
think about this topic and as always let
me know which topic I should tackle next
time my sex ed isn't just about Anatomy
and tips it's also about understanding
the differences in the people around you
acceptance love and liking the video and
subscribing to the channel I hope you
guys have enjoyed I'll see you in two
weeks for the next sex ed with Tara bye
guys oh and keep fucking as quietly or
as openly as you'd like what
