because anyone else feel like sex is
more pleasurable or more fun when you
have to pee so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want hey guys welcome to a new episode
of Friday night mail I'm sorry we
skipped last week but this week we have
a new setup in my bedroom but on the
opposite side not facing my bed we've
got my black flag literal black flag and
most of my video games and I can just
set up here since we don't have a TV in
the bedroom yet does anyone else feel
like sex is more pleasurable or more fun
when you have to pee just something to
think about anyway we have two winners
because we skipped a week and this
week's winner is the new guy aka your 'm
em congratulations Yatim I love you de
nuit and last week's winner is Daniel D
so congratulations Daniel D I hope you
guys enjoy your Amazon gift cards and
get something nice for yourselves as
always guys you can sign up for this
week's giveaway and the link will be
down in the description I now have two
options for the giveaway winner you can
either get a $25 Amazon gift card or you
can get a $24.99 subscription to my
twitch channel because I can now gift
subscriptions I think that options nice
for people because people who can't
afford to pay on patreon or get their
own twitch subscriptions and now have
full access to the discord full access
to my chat emoticons on Twitch we've got
four questions this week I took a few
extra questions because I know I skipped
last week's so Osito plays says question
how old were you when you used a dildo
for the first time and were you scared
by the way I love your how to get a
girlfriend into gaming I loved that
video too I think these days if that was
a new video I think it would have gotten
a lot of flack for insinuating that your
girlfriend has to be pushed into video
games or assuming that your girlfriend
is the one that isn't in video games not
your boyfriend even though I really made
it gender nonspecific I know there are a
ton of guys that I've dated or whatever
who weren't nearly as into video games
as I was the first time I used to dildo
I think was when I was 18 I didn't
obtain a dildo illegally oh no no wait I
did use a vibrator but I don't think
that counts at my friend's house the one
who was like a lesbian bisexual my first
bisexual encounter or whatever but my
first masturbation tool was actually one
of those really fat permanent markers
and it's fun
I would always use the side that didn't
have the cap on it because I was afraid
that the cap would maybe leak and then I
would get permanent marker in my vagina
and no I wasn't afraid I wasn't afraid
during my first time either it's just
kind of something I really wanted to do
and since I was in control of the tools
it was kind of like if it hurt I could
stop I could go slow I could experiment
on my own time you know next question is
from Dodd SSS he says question has
anyone from school or your past found
your twitch or YouTube or social media
and tried to contact you or judged you
part two have you ran into people from
your past in person and were they
surprised by you or didn't recognize you
okay so it's weird because in high
school I wasn't generally liked like I
had a few acquaintances and I talked to
people very rarely but a lot of people
didn't like me and a lot of people just
kind of avoided me I started going to
Community College instead of going to my
high school to finish my high school
credits so I didn't go to my high school
campus anymore but when I came back to
my high school for graduation and to
pick up my copy of the yearbook I
realized that I was in it as voted most
likely to become famous which was kind
of interesting because I had no idea
anyone even remembered me from the
school having not been there for two
years and having not been a social
butterfly in high school because I just
didn't really find many people like
liked so I've always thought people in
high school had kind of a disdain for me
but everyone who's contacted me from
high school people that I didn't really
know that well are people that have
gotten to know better after high school
they've all been so fucking nice to me
like for instance my contacted sample
box you know what I used to do the
vaping videos
she was actually someone I went to high
school with that I didn't know very well
that I didn't know she liked me or not
there have been people that I had a
falling-out with who have congratulated
me and my success and there have been
people who are just like hope you're
doing well and stuff ex-boyfriends
things like that people are just really
generally nice and I think it's probably
because and I want you guys to all
remember this everything that happens in
high school is bullshit everything it's
not gonna be the measure of who you are
as a person more often the people who
are popular and they slack off and they
care more about their social status in
high school aren't gonna be the people
who are successful business owners who
are happy later in their lives
especially if they're hanging on to
their statuses that they had in high
school as they always say respect to the
Nerds because one day they may be your
boss but ya know bad encounters really
I'm sure people secretly hate me but
they do it secretly Savina Frankie says
question do you ever think there is a
certain age when a woman should dress
more conservatively
and is deemed modest I always get the
comment you could only dress like that
because you were young and revealing
clothes it's inappropriate as you mature
what is your opinion on the idea of
clothing a person wear speaks true to
their character okay so I think it's
prudent that if you want something in
life and you're in a situation where
your clothing might matter like let's
say if you're getting a job or you have
prospects of getting a job I think you
should dress to that occasion simply
because it's a tactic everyone will
viscerally by nature judge you based on
the way that you look every company in a
capitalist country by default is gonna
care about the marketing of their
company and their employees the way that
they look the fact that they're
clean-cut look nice conservative etc and
so I think in that facet you definitely
have to care about what other people
think and you definitely will give off a
certain error if you dress a certain way
that being said I do not at all envy
anyone who has to live by these
standards I'm very happy that I can do
whatever I want and I love the fact that
I can dress the way that I want to with
my tits hanging out if I want to or wear
cute girly clothes that are meant for
teenagers or just make my own style and
I know deep down that that's not what
defines me but I don't hold it against
people who might assume that I might be
some kind of bimbo because of it I
understand that it's human nature and I
have that empathy to see that people
might judge me that way or put me into
some category because stereotypes are
there for a reason
they're often true no ask for at a
certain age you should be more modest
I'm a little bit ambivalent on this I
think everyone should do whatever the
fuck they want obviously as a
libertarian but at the same time I find
it kind of interesting I would have to
look at the studies for psychology and
stuff of like mothers of young children
who are still doing like porn or sexual
posts on Instagram things that are
public that their kids will eventually
be privy to I don't know I find it a
little weird and I would have to search
within myself if I was going to have a
child whether or not I would have to
keep them off social media longer but
then also you have to think about will
they be bullied in school because their
kids find out their mom's a porn star
not that I'm a porn star but I've always
wondered about that I am far from giving
a shit what people do with their kids or
anything like that but I would have to
think about it a little bit more as for
single people or just people doing what
they want
I definitely think they should reserve
the right to do so and if they want to
look sexy at any age
fucking go for it Arthur and loves Tara
Babcock being gagged with a picture of
me being gagged and saying help I think
that's a picture I edited myself not
sure
he says question what is your favorite
gag to use and you like to be gagged
okay so I've seen that you posted this
question a few times and I'm sorry that
I haven't gotten to you there was just
always like better questions or you
framed it weirdly I'm not opposed to
being gagged during sex I just for
whatever reason maybe because Jay is not
super into it I don't really do a lot of
the role-playing or bondage stuff in my
personal sex life I've been with guys
who are more open to that and it's
always been fun and I have no objections
to it I think being gagged looks really
hot and if I was with a guy like let's
say you and I had sex and you wanted me
to wear a gag of course I would
as for what my favorite gag would be
I've really only used like the bone gag
the like line gag that goes in your
mouth the gag that opens your mouth and
a ball gag I would say the ball gag
looks the coolest the gag that keeps
your mouth open is the one that makes me
gag the most but I kind of like the idea
of an obligatory a-hole that keeps your
mouth open enough to like stick a penis
in there or something
all right guys post your questions in
the comments for next week I love to see
what you guys come up with and I am an
open fucking book all you have to do to
read my pages is ask the first thing I'm
gonna be opening though is this one
because I saw on the top of it it says
time-sensitive material and now I'm like
afraid so let's get this open and hope
it's not like fucking live birds or
something oh my god that would be awful
I'm not sure who bought this for me
because there's no notes but the Batman
caped cock superhero dildo oh I want the
whole series of these superhero dildos I
swear to god I want to put them on the
shelves in my gaming channel room cuz
they're so fucking cool but look at this
it's got the bat-signal on it this is
like Batman's uncircumcised can't pull
the skin back fucking black cock for
some reason I guess he's got the latex
over it but oh my god what a nice size
and shape I like this size and shape a
lot I love it I love the idea the Batman
would have an uncut cock very good very
good we're just gonna go ahead and
remove my bondage bear and put that
right here thank you so much for whoever
sent me that oh now I have the Thor one
in the Batman one I really want the Hulk
one cuz it's like huge you know me being
a size Queen you guys rock with gifts
thank you Oh oh my god a chainmail
halter top
yes I love chainmail I think it looks
fucking badass I've always wanted to go
to like a Renaissance Faire dressed up
like some kind of fucking medieval whore
or something you put it on like that oh
my god this is going in a fanservice
Friday 110 percent you can actually
probably see my nipple a little bit
through it if I put it on so I'm not
gonna put it on for this video whoever
sent me this you are a fucking God now
all I need is the panties to go along
with it and can you imagine I think it
would be too heavy but can you imagine
like stockings oh this is so hot I'm not
gonna lie this is like oh my god I'm so
excited I cannot wait to do a fail
service friday in this oh I love it when
I get shit like this and the stockings
that I got recently where I'm just like
this is fanservice Friday material 110
percent as much as I hate people who use
illogical percentages I want to invoke
the illogical percentage emotional
response there you know what I'm saying
thank you so much again don't know who
sent it to me but this Friday night mail
is turning out to be amazing so far
moving on what in the name of God is
this okay I thought it was like a bomb
but it's like Gigi from Kiki's Delivery
Service this is awesome I don't know how
to turn these lights all no so cute Gigi
looks a lot like Eve so I love this
alright the next thing we've got is
another thing with a bunch of it's like
why why this why do that why put a bunch
of sponges in there like dish sponges
another Gigi I think these are from
rubber tongues but I'm not 100% sure if
they're not from rubber tongue and
they're from someone else please let me
know in the comments this is cool it's
like got a cage on this one but it's two
different Gigi's you can put them
symmetrically with Batman's
big-ass cock I love it perfect except
for the weird ass packaging that freaked
me out and made me think someone sent me
a goddamn bomb Oh awesome it's the pet
one rubber Tom got me a necklace that
looks like Eve so little Eve necklace
this is so cute hold on I'll have to go
give glad to show you because it's
really small but holy shit it does look
exactly like you and on the back it says
thanks for saving me tell your friends
coupon code my pets at my pets dot gift
my pets dog gift I don't know I'll post
the link in the description if I can
find the
but the promo code is my pet's no spaces
so this is what it looks like rubber
tongue actually took a picture of Eve
and submitted it for this picture and
I'll post the picture here on the left
so you can actually see what the picture
looks like and how similar it is to the
little necklace I don't love the font on
the back and it's like being cut off but
it says thanks for saving me and it's a
little necklace so fucking cute it looks
so much like he you what are you doing
stop it stop it
I love you too understand okay I can't
put it on right now because Eve is being
a nuisance but I will put it on later
and I'll take some Instagram pictures
because it's really cute if you guys
want to take advantage of my promo code
I'm probably gonna make some of these
for my mom
next package Pizza phase days another
thing for fanservice Friday whoever
sending me the fanservice Friday ask
stuff you're a fucking god
and I'm sure everyone over on patreon
would agree once again for everyone who
always asks fanservice Fridays over on
patreon the $1 tier so everyone who
supports on patreon enough Amba everyone
supports on patreon gets to see
fanservice Friday and we do cool stuff
like pizza pasties this week was fake
nipple pasties with piercings and oil so
check that out patreon.com slash Tara
Babcock and thank you through the
wonderful man and/or lady who sent me
that next thing I've got is from storm
nor my boy storm nor I've been waiting
for this for a while I'm really excited
that I finally got it in no you're right
let's do it the dumbest way possible
because it's easier for you this is such
a great shirt let's put it on oh yeah
yes imagine if I was walking around with
like chainmail noises thank you storm
nor I appreciate it
I'm so glad I finally got your package
what you're so good to me oh yeah I got
it I got it girl this is something I
ordered rubber time to buy me because
holy shit I'm lazy this is gonna help me
be less lazy this is the style Pro
expert and it cleans and dries up to
eight brushes at a time like makeup
brushes so you put the cleaner on the
top here and then it just spins around
rapidly and cleans your brush and then
it spins around rapidly without the
cleaner in it in order to dry the brush
and I literally wash my makeup brushes
like once every six months because of
how fucking lazy I am and this product
will help me be 60% less lazy which is a
a lot more productivity you guys are so
wonderful to meet let me you'll even
listen to missing which is horriffic
whore epic para rific terrific or
horrific oh my god best ever did I get a
note oh I just like scratched the box
with my nail and it gave me literal AIDS
because you know like chalk scratching
nails on a chalkboard like I can't even
think anymore it's just like the loss
chills throughout my body I want to puke
anyway hi Tara enjoy her gift from Devin
Devin the man the myth the legend the
person who gives amazing gifts a half
chocobo half mughal hats the best hat i
now currently own 125,000 percent from
the back I'm a Mughal so you decide
whether or not you want to fuck me from
the back like doggy style or if you want
to fuck me from the front and that's
called chocobo style and Mughal style
from this day henceforth the sex
position of doggy style will now be
referred to as in my subscriber base
Mughal style so cute I love it
I love you guys thank you so much for
contributing to F and M whether it's
through the giveaway questions or just
watching you guys are fucking awesome
thank you so much if you like this video
please subscribe and like it lets me
know that i'm doing things right you
guys are entertained are you not
entertained let me know in the comments
I appreciate you through every orifice
of my body trust me if you guys want to
sign up for the giveaway link in the
description if you want to send me
anything my address and my Amazon
wishlist are down there's well also all
of my links including Twitter Instagram
patreon anywhere you want to follow me
or support me so appreciated I'll see
you guys in the next Friday night male
yeah thank you I will see you guys in
the next Friday night male oh yes girl
looking good girl is this a good
thumbnail I think it is oh yeah that my
friends is busting dick
for what purpose I'm not sure let's look
at Eve in a box as always what's he
doing in the box what you doing in the
butt no that's attached to me I
ain't wearing this romper now because it
has strings here on the other side and
here and she just like jumps up and
attacks me and then scratches the shit
out of my thighs too like you know you
wanna so fucking cute though like what
is this cuteness can we zoom into her
soul her very essence Oh
dor balls can't get enough can't get
enough her guys
fire
