hey guys I'm actually looking through my
phone right now trying to figure out
what topic I want to do today but I want
to do a topic video because I just cut
the shit out of the shirt and now it
actually fits me and I think it's hot so
might as well do a video when I curled
my hair and everything right so a few
topics I have open are like I okay so I
have this whole thing here I don't know
if you can see it there that's all of my
topics on my phone I have a little check
thing next to it when I finished it I
check it off so things I have are I
already did after life and karma
wouldn't early but whatever
appearance versus reality rapist
attractive sexual dichotomy versus real
life porn incompatibility my childhood /
parents Payne ass implants facial vs.
bukkake sex isn't a big deal college
experience and cute guy in college and
those are some things that I wrote down
and I just get an idea I put them up
there so if you guys would like to post
in the comments which one of those
sounds most interesting to you that
would be cool I like being helped into
knowing what you guys want to like you
know listen to and stuff because I like
all these topics and I have opinions on
all of them and you guys like listening
to a certain opinions and other opinions
don't get the many views and I am NOT
the all-knower of everything as much as
I pretend to be so um today you guys
won't talk about ass implants talk about
ass implants okay so let me tell you why
I don't really like asome plants or a
lot of people ask me like you have a
fake ass because you know you have fake
tits and stuff and I feel like the two
are very different and I am usually all
100% for anything that's super fake I
like the fake look the fake look is just
what's attractive to me and there are
certain like aspects of the fake look
that I don't like and there's a certain
point about where I would consider that
there's going too far etc and that
threshold is a lot higher than a lot of
other people's thresholds so like when
they say oh this person this so-and-so
person looks bad because this is this
I'm like not looks good to me I like it
so I'm usually I'm pretty down with
anything fake but with as implants to me
they're just not attractive and this
isn't to say that you know someone with
ass and plants should feel bad I'm not
bullying this person who has ass in
plans I'm not saying that they're not
beautiful to someone else just to me
they're not beautiful
and I fully openly welcome you guys to
say that fake boobs aren't sexy to you
or whatever you want to say so it's not
like I'm being a hypocrite it's just
like I have certain things that are
attracted to me like you know Ted
implants and then things that aren't
attracted to me like ass implants
another thing that's not attractive to
me is one men get implants in their
bodies to look like they have muscles
that's just like what the fuck go to the
gym and do it it looks better that way
anyway you know I'm saying so that's
something I don't like either but the
reason I think I don't like ass implants
is because okay so when you get tit
implants right um usually you have no
tits so the skin is like nice and tight
and firm and it's just like implants and
they're like perfectly round and
symmetrical and and firm and nice but
also soft and that's just like a visual
that I like a lot it's like a very thin
chest and like torso and ribcage with
not that much fat on it and then some
nice tits just sticking off of it but
with as implants like there's already
fat and muscle in the ass
so when especially important when you
see the ass implants move around it's
like they move separately from the rest
of the like stuff going on in the ass
like cavity if that makes any sense and
it's just not attractive to me also this
whole fad going on about like um oh
girls with big asses are great girls
with six eyes are great really like huge
asses squat butts and stuff like that
all that stuff it's not my thing I like
a proportionate like tight and firm
little butt you know on a really skinny
girl and a really skinny frame with like
big tits and that's just that's my
aesthetic that's what I find attractive
and it's just like a personal preference
so the fact the idea that someone would
go and get implants and then kind of
look like they walk funny because they
have like a huge ass and these little
stick legs it just it's not an aesthetic
to me that I find pleasing and I think a
lot of it does have to do with the fact
that you know it moves around weirdly
like I like the way fake tits move
around on the chest and the fact that
it's just like fake tits if someone gets
like um for instance there are people
who have like really saggy breasts or
they have really big breasts naturally
and then they get implants to like make
them a little perkier but it looks like
there's just an implant like sagging in
a bunch of skin or with a bunch of fat
in it I
that either so I think the fact that the
ass implant just can't actually look
like a real ass just makes it look weird
to me like oh my god have you guys seen
recent porn of Lila Starr she fucked
herself up in my opinion if she likes it
go for her and you know I'm always
standing for people doing exactly what
they want right but for me if it was me
I would not have done that because I
feel like she with her plastic surgery
like before plastic surgery I didn't
find her attractive when she did like
her face and her boobs she looked really
good and then she did the shit with her
ass and how she kind of looks like a
grandma to me I don't know it looks
really weird but um it's kind of funny
how a lot of people like get really mad
when I state a negative like something
that they see as a negative opinion
about someone else's appearance and
they're like oh well fuck you fake-ass
slut whore ass bitch and it's like why
are you getting so angry about this I
openly say that I want you to have your
opinion and I love and respect freedom
of speech and if you think that I'm ugly
for whatever reason I'm fine with
hearing that it doesn't affect me at all
like it doesn't hurt my feelings it's
your opinion and you are a 100 percent
able to have it and you should have it
and you should express it and there's
nothing wrong with that and I think
instead of you know say something nice
or don't say anything at all we
shouldn't be teaching our kids that we
should be teaching our kids how to love
themselves so that when the inevitable
asshole comes in and says something bad
about their appearance or something bad
about them they take it as like oh
that's your opinion cool I'm glad you
have an opinion I'm glad you have your
own personality and you follow along
your own you know life choices and life
paths and that's good for you and I
think we need to teach our kids in our
next generations how to handle criticism
and how to handle negativity rather than
trying to stamp out negativity because
that's an impossibility that's never
going to happen but we can like
strengthen our kids and strengthen other
people with not necessarily with
niceties and fake words and fake words
of encouragement like does this make me
look fat no no you look pretty and
anything everyone is beautiful
instead of having that opinion or having
that perspective have the perspective of
everyone has their own opinion and you
should only really care about yours and
the people who are closest to use
opinion you know like that just makes
sense to me so when I say something like
oh that bitch is ugly or fat or I don't
like her whatever and I don't like her
no with some
that you know like it's just my opinion
and I freely want you guys to express
your opinion about me like when people
say they don't like my lips I fucking
love my lips I'm so happy with them and
him there's nothing that could make me
not like my lips that you could say like
if you're like oh that's left you're so
gross fake lips are gross yeah they're
too small they're too big I don't care I
fucking love them just same with my
boobs and like having that confidence
and having that realism
I guess there's like a realism attached
to it where you have to understand that
of course everyone's going to have their
opinion and I would rather encounter
people who say what they actually think
rather than people who are just not
being nice to me because they were
raised that being nice is the good those
people are fake to me those like being
nice when you don't want to be nice it's
fake I want to see the passion and the
realism in people and that's what makes
me respect people when you know they
stick to their guns and you know are
honest and stuff but anyway as implants
are just not my thing big asses in
general are not my thing people are so
funny like with you can't just like do
squats and get a nice ass like if you
have a little bit of fat on your ass and
then you do squats it's going to give
you like a nice curvature to your ass
but have you ever seen like a female
bodybuilder
that's like 0% body fat not 0% obviously
I'm exaggerating but they're in
competition form and they have done
squats they're like asses are like cow
butts like hard you know striated cow
buzz it doesn't look good so like it's
not just squats it's having a nice and
proportionate frame which is something
that you know only God can give you and
it sucks if you don't have it if you
have one of those like really really
like narrow hips and then a wide waist
like that sucks and they're things that
you can do to kind of fix that a little
bit with working out and dieting and
things like that but like it's not just
about squats it's often about you know
how much fat you carry how your shape is
and I don't feel like anyone should try
to be what society tells them to be like
what right now I'm actually pretty sick
and like people love my ass and love my
thighs it's like in right now for me to
look this way but that's not how I want
to look so that's not how I'm going to
stay you know like it's nice that people
enjoy it and I'm glad that you guys
enjoy my ass and I always have a nice
ass in my opinion
but like I would prefer a little bit
smaller ass and smaller legs I love
spelt thin but you know curvy legs it's
just like the sexiest thing in the world
to me and I have like a vision of how I
want to look and a vision of what turns
me on and I'm never gonna lie about
those things and I'm never going to say
oh you were attractive to me when you're
not attractive to me and if you're not
attractive to me it shouldn't like break
your heart it shouldn't change your
opinion of yourself you should be happy
with yourself and you know find your own
path and mine shouldn't my opinion on
you shouldn't matter like if my opinion
on you like destroys your life you
should probably seek some counseling
because you're not strong enough to live
in the real world in my opinion and
that's just like my blunt honest
perspective on this so yeah a little bit
of ass implants a little bit of that
other shit talking about how you know
you should love yourself and things what
the fuck is going on over there seeing
things with the fuck anyway um again
tell me which topics you would like me
to go over I love talking about topics
you guys know that like the video
subscribe to the channel and I'm so
fucking happy to be back I recorded this
one day after being sick I'm not
uploading it until like Thursday Friday
Sunday I don't know but I'm just so
happy to be back like sometimes I feel
overworked but when I come back after a
long hiatus like it's been a week since
I've recorded anything it's so fucking
nice to be back and I just love you guys
so much and I'm so grateful for the life
that I have and everything is earnest
awesome so you guys are awesome and I
love you let me know what you think
about as implants do you like him do you
not like him do you not like him just
because they're fake because that's dumb
who cares if you don't like the way they
look don't like the way they look but if
you're like well nice ass oh they're
fake like I don't understand that at all
like who cares what does that matter
you wouldn't you rather like someone
worked for the money to buy something
and make something perfect rather than
God just giving it to you like oh here
you go you have a perfect ass by
genetics how is that more honorable than
actually working for it or paying for it
I don't that doesn't make any sense to
me I'll never understand that like you a
lot of people see my tits and they're
like oh fucking perfect it and they're
like oh they're fake that's gross like
what the fuck
retards retards all of them alright guys
I'll see you soon mom
