hey guys I have a whole round free
because I got an effective buy because
I'm like X 2 or X 3 X 3 now at this
tournament I'm playing mill so you guys
have to sit here and listen to me teach
you how to play magic a little bit okay
so mill there too there are like two
ways to kill your opponent let's say you
can deplete their life total which is
like the normal way or you can make them
run out of cards in their library and
it's like as such it's a cheesy way to
play the game but that's what I'm doing
right now that is the state of standard
also I have really bad skin right now
cuz i just got done being sick and it
looks even worse because this morning
okay so i have two foundations you're
just gonna listen to me babble about
stupid shit this is gonna be my vlog my
phone vlog of the week and i'm also at
my main place that I play magic this is
what it looks like
I'm just kind of showing you around
there's bullshit so it's a really really
big place it makes like tabletop gaming
and the card gaming and things it makes
it look more legit because it's like how
gigantic an awesome the place is right
so anyway um okay so this morning I have
two foundations the foundation for when
I haven't a spray-tan for a while and
I'm like really pale and I have a
foundation for when I'm really tan so I
just like I'm really tired and I'm like
any ready to go and I took my day cool
because I'm still kind of sick if you
can like tell by my voice and I just
like put on my dark foundation when I
haven't gone tanning for like a really
fucking long time that's retarded so
yeah I'm gonna run a few topic vlogs by
you guys and see which ones you guys are
most interests
because I don't know I feel like things
that might be really interesting to you
guys you don't think it's interesting
and that I'm like okay and it doesn't
get as many views so a lot of people
said that they wanted to do they wanted
me to do the not shy like don't be shy
one what if I did one about how to get
out of the friendzone or one about like
how to knock it into the friendzone in
the first place because I feel like once
you get in there it's kind of a hard
thing to do but I feel like I have a
really good grasp on the female mind
despite having such a different like
preference and opinion from most women
because I'm so different you know but I
feel like I'm different because I'm just
more logical it doesn't actually mean
that I don't have the same physical and
emotional triggers that like a regular
woman does I fucking just think it's so
stupid I don't know what happened but
anyway um so a lot of people have been
saying that also that I get sick more
often than I should and I think a lot of
you guys are blowing that out of
proportion because when I say something
like I'm not gonna stream today because
I'm not feeling well that mainly means
that I've been sitting at a computer
editing or I've been recording videos
all day and staring into bright lights
or playing video games all day and so
like my eyes hurt and I feel nauseated
in my neck hurts and I have had this
thing my entire life where like the base
of my neck or like the back of my head
kind of hurts and there's like pressure
there and that makes me nauseated and it
makes me feel like like I have this like
little like malaise and it just doesn't
feel good right um and so that's what
I'm talking about it's not like me
actually being sick like every other day
it's like I have like worked a
sufficient amount today and I feel tired
and like I'd rather just chill out you
know um
but this like malaise that I have with
my neck or whatever it sucks and it's
not something that that's happened since
I got my breast but know a lot of you
guys say oh you know sore sore back
because you know you have big boobs or
whatever but there were only three
pounds total they're not like like real
boobs that are
actually a lot more heavy so I'm sorry
for the lack of oops today I'm not even
like look how fucking pale I am and how
not fit like such a faux pas such a
football here I feel like such a girl
when I say stupid shit like that but um
yeah I don't know I thought I would show
you guys this area this is the
tournament area there's a tournament
area and then there's a play a huge
place out front where they have all the
board games and then there's a huge cafe
in the back which has like a bar so you
can like get drunk in between rounds of
magic and its really cool this place is
gigantic they just got curtains let me
try show you okay you see how like the
curtains go all the way up there it's
the fucking longest curtains I've ever
seen in my entire life it cost me like
500 bucks to get the curtains in my
apartment because I have like really
tall balcony doors like I have two sets
of balcony doors and they're really tall
ones and it costed me a lot so I'm like
wondering like how much do these fucking
curtains cost and it's like such a
stupid trivial thing for me to be asking
but I'm curious you know so yeah one of
the worst parts about convalescing and
getting better after I'm sick because I
have this like 2 or 3 day period when I
get back to wearing makeup it's tough
work like I have to get tanned I have to
do my fingernails and like I feel like I
look weird and makeup for a couple days
and my skin gets all shitty when I get
sick but it's fine because it's all
gonna clear up then I'll have perfect
skin again and I'll be tan again and
everything will be normal they won't
wear the wrong foundation and look like
I have a muddy face or something but
yeah I get sick like actually sick about
once or twice a year I would say and
it's usually like a flu I haven't gotten
like a stomach flu for awhile where I
actually throw up I think the last time
I threw up was like three years ago
something which is pretty crazy I used
to get stomach teased a lot when I was
younger I had this a problem it was
really interesting the problem that I
had I didn't want to go to school like
almost every day and I had stomachaches
almost every day and I felt like I was
gonna throw up and I never did and my
parents started thinking that I was
lying to not go to school but that
wasn't the case I just had some problem
and I went to the dead
I went to the doctor and they told me
that I was like constipated or something
so I took some certain shit for that and
that didn't help and then it just sort
of I sort of like grew out of it it was
really weird but yeah Jay is still kind
of in the running before top 16 which
gets him 50 bucks or credit they
extended the prize pan this is a PPC
queue by the way another one of those
things that I told you about this one
had 61 players so it was a little no
with a 61 I don't remember it had a 60 I
think players so it's a bigger one
compared to the one that I showed you
before this store is bigger and this is
my main store in Bellevue it's called
MOX if you're ever in Seattle you should
come check it out what else do I want to
talk about are there any topics that you
guys want me to cover like seriously I'm
I'm open to pretty much anything
anything I have interests in anything
philosophy why is sex wise I've pretty
much covered all the sex topics I have a
couple in my thing I have what is it oh
I have I don't know there's like okay so
this is like a legit tournament so like
cussing is bad and get you just
qualified even though I'm not really
playing anymore I don't want to get in
trouble but like bukkake versus facials
that was one of the ones that that I
wanted to do you know okay so I'm going
to talk about something probably a
little bit too loud let's see if there's
anyone in range that I can like point
out there are certain people who have
like these certain pathologies about the
way they act they like bother the hell
out of me like there was this guy
sitting next to me like second round or
something and he was just he made it
clear that every time he was talking
about this store that he goes to to his
opponent he was like he was like oh yeah
it's it's less casual it's really
serious it's really
it's really competitive and like he just
kept like making it clear that what he's
doing is more competitive and he's more
competitive than other people and it's
just like oh and there's okay so there's
this guy who's like kind of sort of an
acquaintance and he just became a judge
and judges overall I would say in magic
act like they take their position too
seriously because like it's just you're
a rules enforcer with a little bit more
tenure who is supposed to solve problems
but instead of solving problems in magic
matches
they act like they're the god of
everything and they take ship way too
seriously and this guy comes up he tells
me that my lands may okay so you know I
have the sexy girls on my magic lands he
comes up and feels the need to tell me
you know if anyone complains about this
I will have to ask you to put them away
like what the fuck duh dude you want to
talk to me like I'm a fucking idiot it's
like so stupid I don't like people who I
can see like you know people okay so the
first rule in psychology is to not over
psychoanalyze right but there are so
many people that I encounter that I'm
just like he's insecure he has nothing
in his life that's why he takes this so
seriously it's just like so very clear
to me like why they're acting the way
that they do and it kind of annoys me
when I can see right through people like
that because that means that they're not
they're not you know deep people with
you know real thought processes they
don't reflect upon themselves and it's
like they don't I don't feel like they
know that to me it's obvious and to
other people it's obvious but I don't
know I digress um I should probably go
thank you guys for watching let me know
what topic you want me to cover and I
will see you guys next week for the
phone vlog like the video subscribe to
the channel and bye bye
oh let's take a picture there we go bye
