hey guys welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says this time of the theme is
my most informative and sexiest sex ed
quotes this time the footage was edited
and compiled by a guy who owns a YouTube
channel the YouTube channel is called
nerdy novice and he makes a bunch of
really funny stuff also he's kind of
cute so if you would do me a favor and
thank nerdy novice down in the comments
for making this video for you guys and
also if you a check in the description
and give the nerdy novice YouTube
channel a subscribe I'd appreciate that
thank you so much mr. nerdy novice
without further ado the best of my sex
ed videos welcome welcome welcome to a
very special episode of sex ed with Tara
have you ever been a person you just
want to hate but first thing to note is
that porn is purely meant for
entertainment nothing else so with a
little bit of common sense you can kind
of understand why things differ from
your life and what DP is double
penetration and that means there are two
things in yeah I think you get that one
did you know that old people actually
still have sex some countries even hold
differing laws between genders sexual
orientations and whether or not it's saw
to be anal in society it seems like
there might be a sort of frowning upon
for BDSM but that's because people are
afraid of what they don't understand so
let's create an understanding something
like more than half of all people will
contract an STD or an STI in their
lifetime it's kind of fucked up if you
lead someone on making them thinking one
relationship when you don't
once you go better you never go back
trust me it commands you all day pop it
with it if you can't keep on it pretty
much just do whatever and he'll come
eventually but first in order to save my
ass no puns intended of course according
to many studies women care about need
and desire more for the men on average
group sex and orgies date back to
ancient Greece or even further back then
they were considered some kind of rich
fuck that I'd love to have sex I know I
know for most guys you've been ready
since your balls dropped
that's where thinking comes in have some
common sense be able to separate
entertainment from reality it's that
simple
no matter the gender though hairless is
best no one wants hair in their mouth
and guess what if you shave your dick
looks bigger no bush equals bigger
looking dick you can actually see the
last couple inches the most common and
completely curable diseases are HPV
gonorrhea chlamydia syphilis and
vaginitis all of which though can have
serious repercussions on your health if
you don't get it treated
Canada has a countrywide law of 16 as
the age of consent most of the u.s. is
16 or 18 with all the West Coast being
18 except for my state Washington oh
yeah any number of physical activities
like riding a bike horseback riding
aerobics or gymnastics can break the
hymen my advice is to be honest the more
open and honest you are about something
more comfortable your partner will feel
about it
hentai is anime porn and they make
gagging sounds I don't know if that's
100% of benefit but it's cool there's
nothing more important to me than you
guys all knowing that it's not wrong to
be sexually open it's pretty much common
sense but for instance not all girls
scream at the top of their lungs when
they work out a good tip for the men is
to grab the penis and pull it up or down
in order to ensure the skin is tight so
you don't like cut yourself or anything
first reason is a lot of people think it
will be more tighter and therefore more
pleasurable than a vagina and adopt a
safe word if things go too far for your
comfort remember a lot of screens and
stuff are gonna be happening but those
don't necessarily mean stop stop doesn't
necessarily mean stop but in reality
it's something like 70% of women who can
knock my maxed out clitoral stimulation
as well always wear a condom with new
partners are non-monogamous partners
snowballing is when you come in a girl's
mouth and then she kisses someone else
and transmits that come to someone
else's mouth back and forth there's
someone for everyone
birth control pills come in all
different types and levels of hormone
you can even get kinds that are meant to
make your skin nicer your hair healthier
less menstrual cramping and a bunch of
other cool things what you're attracted
to and what your personal preferences
are are just hardwired into your brain
as a human being so this started out as
a massager for your back actually sex
relieves headaches and a lot of other
physical ailments so as I've said before
in every sex ed video so far everything
better with communication and
experimentation find out what you like
and collaborate to do the same with your
partner and remember sex is natural fun
healthy and never something you should
be ashamed of let go have fun
