hey guys welcome to my marches ample box
unboxing so usually when I do these I
have a topic in mind certain facts to
tell you about the vaping world that you
guys might be skeptical about but this
week I've been extremely sick and I come
very unprepared so what I'm gonna tell
you this week is that I finished the
last amount of e-liquid that I put in
here and it made my fucking throat feel
better it cleared up my sinuses a little
bit and I've been really sick so the few
times that I did vape I was sick this
week it made my experience a whole lot
better it just kind of clears up your
sinuses it's really nice so that's the
little vaping tip I have free this week
that's pretty much all I've got I will
also be doing a terrible giveaway at the
end of the month so don't forget to
subscribe to the channel and stay tuned
for that
monthly giveaways yeah anyway let's get
to unboxing this shit right am i right I
think I'm right open it up damn it's
always a surprise
we have Terra's tasting menu here more
sample box stickers your monthlies label
box rating card more stickers ahh
I'm almost slutty enough for that to
stay and moment of truth all these
liquids this one looks really cool this
is 13 then we've got this one which has
a nice pair of women's legs on it
this one says wake up conspiracy clouds
oh and another sexy girl kissing a
skeleton can you guys see this let me
let me try and make it focus on it there
we go that's a sexy girl kissing a
skeleton and this is a tiny one it says
Nick wig it's like my cool or something
strawman a smoothie that sounds really
good and then we've got this victory
liquid sunburst and it's like a picture
of a drag racing car which is really
cool-looking focus there we go I love
how these bottles look like I could just
collect these bottles just for the look
because they're so pretty but let's read
about what the flavors are this month so
we have gigolo which is sweet strawberry
and juicy Apple levitation blue muffin
milkshakes pet sounds really good
synapse sweet Apple menthol and cinnamon
Stiletto tropical fruits with a cool
finish cool finish that probably means
it's going to be menthol
sunburst peaches and cream with
tangerine and wakeup strawberry custard
milkshake I want to remind you guys that
if you do want to sign up for a monthly
sample box you can do so with 10%
using the promo code Tara at sample box
comm it is always a good thing to do
that and of course it lets everyone know
down at sample box that my fans like to
be and support me and remember before I
choose which like what I'm gonna try out
this month never just believe what you
hear in the media do your own research
keep your mind open and know that big
tobacco companies do stand to lose a lot
if people start vaping instead of
smoking and let's be honest smokers are
kind of gross they smell bad
secondhand smoke is really dangerous so
you don't really want to be friends with
them or date them and kissing them is
kind of like kissing an ashtray I would
rather kiss a sweet apple menthol and
cinnamon Venna Nash trae wouldn't you
alright it's time to choose a flavor I'm
gonna pick it random that doesn't work
I'm gonna I'm going to pick hmm I gotta
go with the blueberry muffin milkshake
that just sounds so fucking amazing
we're gonna go with that and that one is
levitation that's the one that looks
like a little handle at your own risk
bottle like I'm like it's dangerous and
harmful to your health this is really
cool I love black on red like my whole
apartment is black on red so we're gonna
go with that one
yes we are let me give you a little
close-up there you go it looks like that
pretty cool bottle alright and the worst
part is taking off these little strips
like I hate when I get new lip gloss
when I get new anything with these and I
have to rip this off it's my god I love
this bottle already I love the like a
red blackout it's so cool I guess it's a
red out it says elevate pure self which
is kind of cute we're gonna go ahead and
put this into my sub box nano take that
off it's tara proof it's completely
clear like what it's so cool just add in
a little bit that's enough for a taste
it does taste like a milkshake holy shit
that is so good this is probably my
favorite eliquid of all time so far and
I've tried what like 15 one more taste
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
month's marches ample box unboxing if
you want this exact box you have to sign
up for the giveaway that's gonna be on
the last Saturday of the month this
month and every month but you'll get
next month's box if you go with next
month's you know what I mean you know
what I mean Jesus Christ anyway like the
video subscribe to the channel and make
sure you check out sample voxcom
and use my promo code Tara I fucking
love you guys I believe in a healthier
world where no one smokes cigarettes and
if you do have to do something
you fucking vape if you bake for stress
if you vape to control your appetites or
just for fun or for the look know that
you've done your research and know your
risks no one is responsible for your
health but you just know the cigarettes
way worse than this and as always my
liquids don't have nicotine in them but
if you do need nicotine what you should
be doing is stepping down that negative
so you don't need any more nicotine is
fucking addictive and it's bad for you
no one should have a hold on your life
other than you and some really hot 20
year old succubus maybe no no just you
alright guys I'll see you next month
with another sampler box unboxing and at
the end of the month for a giveaway mmm
happy vaping
