hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
fanservice Friday I'm still a little bit
sick but I know you guys would be in an
uproar if I didn't do a Friday video so
I'm gonna do it some people say my sick
voice is kind of sexy what do you guys
think
anyway this show has nothing to offer
other than gratuitous fanservice with a
message that you should never take
yourself too seriously and you should
have fun with your sexuality sex is fun
and natural not shameful this week since
I'm still sick and I feel like if I jump
around or dance or wiggle or do anything
like that I'm gonna seriously get
nauseated I've decided to show off my
favorite sex toy my old faithful my
all-time favorite and this topic was
requested so why not right this is what
I used to use just a straightforward
silicone penis shaped thing and I mean
it works right but as a girl when you're
masturbating and you want to get the
full effect you also want some clitoral
stimulation and I've had a lot of dildos
and this is probably my favorite one
that doesn't have some kind of motorized
function it's a good solid dildo with
something you can grab at the end
because when you use a lot of Lube it
does get really slippery but this is my
new favorite and I've been using this
for like six months now so it's not
necessarily a new new favorite it's
funny because I actually got this
through promoting with Adam and Eve and
this I assure you is not a Paige video
but when I initially picked this on
their website it was a paid video so the
box of Adam and Eve stuff came in the
mail and I actually wanted a more
expensive version of this but they were
like oh you can only get the Adam and
Eve brain so I'm like whatever
and I tried this because I try all the
sex toys that I get and this is like the
best thing ever let me tell you why
first of all it's got a pretty good
shape to the shaft and a pretty good
size I would say it's about 6 7 inches
to here it's got the rabbit vibe now
this thing is the fucking best in the
world so you put your clit like when you
when it's in you right you put your
Clint here and it massages your clip for
you so none of that like using one hand
to massage your clit and using the other
to like penetrate yourself but the thing
that sets it apart from any of the other
rabbit vibe dildos is that it has this
now this is like a little like anal bead
silicone thing I am NOT a huge fan of
anal as a lot of you guys know I will do
it but it's not my favorite thing and I
definitely prefer it to be like the man
is inside me and then a toy is in my
anus - put it candidly I am a firm
believer that men and women
who are into anal should not try to
stretch the anus out as much as possible
or use something gigantic in it first of
all the anus is not as elastic as the
vagina it's not going to go back to its
natural shape if you keep wrecking it
second of all the anus doesn't have a
cervix like the vagina does that stops
it from going any further to where it
might hurt your organs you can just keep
going in the anus the colon intestines
there's no wall so you have to be
careful with it because you're messing
with your organs so something that kind
of just stimulates it and tickles it
especially if you're a man because you
know men stimulating your prostate feels
really good I know a lot of men who do
it and they're not gay I would never
call a man gay who likes to stimulate
his prostate also who cares what your
sexual orientation is just have fun in
bed anyway this thing also turns on it
vibrates as you can see now I only use
like this vibrating feature but you can
also make these little balls in here do
crazy shit like look at this these balls
kind of hurt me so I don't really use
them but if you have a problem orgasming
from vaginal stimulation alone then this
thing will actually help you get more
stimulation out of your experience I
guess you would say let's turn this off
but this thing is like my favorite thing
in the whole world it's my best friend
it is the only toy I use anymore when
masturbating and my favorite thing to do
is so Jay and I are on the couch we turn
on some porn on the 60-inch TV I'm using
this he is using I have like some male
masturbators but usually he doesn't use
them and I orgasm for the first time
with this and then I fuck him and it's
like the best thing ever because this is
smaller than he is but like the
vibrations have made me like really how
do I explain that like it's sensitive in
there and it feels really fucking good I
can feel like a softness of my vagina
when I have sex after using something
that's vibrating it's weird right and it
feels so fucking good and from then on
it's like a million orgasms and it's the
best thing ever
so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed that
visual I don't masturbate too often but
when I do I always use this and I don't
always use the anal thing but I often do
because I like the extra sensation all
three together literally the best thing
ever for a woman so if you're a girl and
you don't have one of these you owe it
to yourself they're like forty to eighty
bucks but it's definitely worth it and
even though this isn't a paid video you
can get this exact thing on
adamandeve.com
you know because I have that code where
you can get 50% off almost any one item
well this is one of the items you can
get paid two percent off so worth haha
and I'm
for silicon to like something harder
like glass because I feel like glass
doesn't feel as natural and silicone is
like hard but also still pliable and
that to me makes it feel more like an
actual penis the only problem I have a
silicone is a lot of silicone dildos
smell really bad like all the time they
just keep smelling like silicone and
then my whole house smells like silicone
cuz people send me these like gigantic
black dildos and things and I don't know
where to hide them anymore it's it's
crazy but anyway this one doesn't smell
that bad it actually doesn't smell like
anything I think the more high-end ones
don't smell which is cool cuz this one
doesn't but this one does it's not
something you want to put in your mouth
just kind of black so yeah I hope you
guys enjoy to seeing my favorite dildo
of all time my favorite sex toy of all
time really and I'm sorry this wasn't
your favorite fanservice Friday but like
just doing this much recording I'm like
sweating my ass off and just feeling
very under the weather still but I can
never not enjoy a good dildo whoa whoa
drunk you'll be wrong it sounds like a
fucking your lightsaber doesn't it
doesn't it it sounds like a lightsaber
you know you know this is my personal
lightsaber oh I hope you guys enjoy it
let me know in the comments when your
favorite sex toy is if you have a
favorite sex toy and I don't know why
everything I own has to be pink I just
think it is really sexy to look at pink
like people don't see this off and other
people don't look at my dildo I mean Jay
looks at my dildo but he would prefer it
to be black right because it's not what
I meant
ah his favorite color is black like
pitch black not like the skin color he
would totally prefer a black dick I just
like the color pink everything I own
that's my favorite thing is pink like
the video subscribe to the channel I'm
so sorry that I'm sick and I will see
you in two weeks with a new fan service
Friday I'm also going to have some
division gameplay up soon and more
huniepop and of course unravel so lots
of gameplay going on on my gaming
channel which is youtube.com slash tera
Babcock games and I'm going to start
live streaming again soon I've taken
like a week hiatus because I've been so
sick usually i stream everyday but if
you want to watch me play games live
it's twitch TV slash Tara Babcock I
fucking love you guys from the bottom of
my heart when I got on the social
networks this week that I've been sick
and you guys have been saying like take
it easy we love you we miss you and
things has just been it's been so
fucking amazing and I can't get over it
you guys are the best here's a little
fanservice before I go
bye guys I love you
