hey guys today I have something a little
bit different for you we're gonna be
taste testing high-protein vegan cookies
I've got 12 cookies and six different
flavors so today we're going to be
trying out all six flavors and I'm going
to be giving each a rating of one to
five stars one star being is pretty
gross and I would never eat on purpose
five stars being it is one of the best
cookies I've ever tasted in my entire
life I found out about these because
they were selling them in my gym
and the lemon poppy seed flavor is the
one I happen to try first and the only
one I've ever tried I've got my six
cookie flavors peanut butter
double chocolate chocolate chip oatmeal
raisin pumpkin spice and a lemon poppy
seed I've already tried and a bottle of
water to cleanse my palate Oh cleanse my
palate I'm so sophisticated
pretentious I'm sorry I'm not very much
of a foodie but I do love finding great
tasting vegan options especially when
they're full of protein and great for
working out let's start out with the
taste of the lemon poppy seed that I've
already tried I would just bite right
into it but I have really shiny lip
gloss on and I don't want crumbs to get
attached to my lips so we're just gonna
break off a piece and try it mmm those
are so good as I remember I love lemon I
loved poppy seeds so I feel like this is
gonna be one of my favorites and it's
still fucking great I would give it four
stars
there's none of that grittiness or
aftertaste that you get with a lot of
protein rich supplements shakes bars it
just doesn't have it which is great and
it doesn't taste like it doesn't have
eggs and milk definitely doesn't taste
vegan while being vegan which is the
best all right one down five to go next
we've got pumpkin spice break me off a
piece of that pumpkin spice Oh mmm oh my
god it tastes exactly like a pumpkin pie
just slightly thicker because it's the
cooking you don't want it to like fall
apart and be crumbly this is really good
I would give it another 4 and I don't
usually even love things that are
pumpkin flavored pumpkin pie is
literally the only thing I don't like
pumpkin lattes but this is really
fucking good I feel like all of these
cookies are gonna be fours if you're
into working out or you want a vegan or
healthier alternative to cookies this is
definitely the best shit ever speaking
of which I'd like to thank Carlos for
sending me these I had them on my wish
list and he sent them to me so thank you
you're fucking awesome and if you want
to see me unbox these you can check out
it's a little eye icon on the top right
corner I'll post a card there that you
can click and watch me unbox it on my
Friday night mail video moving on peanut
butter dude these remind me of those
grandma cookies that are like 200 to 400
calories
and I always used to buy the peanut
butter grandma cookies so I feel like
this is gonna taste a lot like it break
off a piece mmm so good it even has the
little pieces of peanuts still in it so
it's not like 100% consistent in the
texture you get like little bites of
peanuts it's awesome I feel like this is
better than the grandma cookies I used
to get so I'm gonna give it a 5 so far
my favorite Oh meal raisin so a lot of
people hate oatmeal raisin cookies but
for me I like them they're healthier
they have a lot of fiber and I have
nothing against raisins let's try it out
you can actually see the little bits of
oatmeal's and raisins in there so it's
not just flavoring mm-hmm oh my god this
is the best oatmeal raisin cookie I have
ever had in my entire life it's more
consistent than a regular oatmeal raisin
cookie which I like because I like
consistent food and it's more flavorful
so fucking good oh my god we're gonna
five five five five yes we've got two
more double chocolate and chocolate
chips let's go ahead with chocolate chip
first Oh mmm so fuckin good
what the hell I could eat these all day
the chocolate chips tastes so much like
real chocolate despite being vegan but
then again I'm no stranger to vegan and
vegetarian foods being just as good if
not better than their counterparts that
aren't vegan or vegetarian as a
vegetarian I appreciate when I find
really great products and these are one
so I doubt that the last cookie is gonna
make me change my mind but this is
definitely a 5-1 of the best chocolate
chip cookies I've ever had in my entire
life I literally can't imagine anyone
saying that these are bad like even
someone who's vehemently against being
vegan you give it to them and say this
is a vegan cookie and make them try it
there's no way the placebo effect can
even take away from how great these
cookies are I'm not even joking like
seriously last but not least double
chocolate mmm look at that dark goodness
mmm I'm having a food orgasm here so
fucking good I love chocolate and that
has to be my favorite one by far I'm
giving that one a 5 as well if you guys
like taste testing videos I do have some
weird Kit Kats coming in the mail from
Japan you know the Japanese Kit Kats
that have like weird flavors that should
not be kick added yeah those and if
there's anything else weird you'd like
me to try especially if it's vegetarian
or vegan let me know in the comments
weird chips whatever I know a lot of
bigger youtubers like to make this kind
of content and you guys like to watch it
so I'm happy to
my taste buds to a good piece of content
mmm I want to eat all those cookies at
once how bad is that on the back of each
cookie there's a thing of facts that I'm
going to read for you now fresh-baked
vegan 16 grams of protein no dairy no
eggs no soy no GMO it's kosher no high
fructose corn syrup 8 grams of fiber per
cookie no cholesterol no trans fats no
artificial sweeteners no sugar alcohols
sustainable palm oil
I just fucking highly recommend this
company in their cookies they're so
fucking good you have to try them
check out Lenny and Larry's the complete
cookie you can find them at facebook.com
slash Lenny Larry's Twitter
Lenny Larry's or at Lenny Larry calm
once again this is not sponsored the
first cookie I ever bought from theirs I
bought with my own money and then Carlos
sent me the other pack which I already
had on my wish list I hope you guys
enjoyed this and I hope you guys check
these out like the video subscribe to
the channel and let me know if you want
me to do more taste tests of more
obscure things I really fucking love you
guys and if I have a product that I
think is good I love sharing it with you
especially when it's vegan see you soon
like the video subscribe and stay happy
and healthy for me bye guys what
