hey guys it's bright as fuck I don't
usually vlog when I'm out because well
it's just a hassle you know like I'm
sitting here doing this when people
think I'm crazy and then I often have to
explain it to people or add to ask like
stores about the legality of it but I am
out at a magic tournament in redmond i
think this is redmond town center it's
like really cool you can see behind me
and I feel like at any point someone can
come and be like oh you can't film here
then I'm like will fuck you that's
stupid um the tournament today is a ppt
Q and I'm loving this lip gloss like
look at this lip gloss ok it's called um
here I have it with me it's my intense
butter gloss from NY x and y-axes like
the best because they don't test on
animals and they're like really high
quality without being um without being
like super expensive which is nice so
yeah I'm approaching uncle's games which
is where the tournament is for the
tournament today is a ppt hue which is a
place to have PT qs bed have like
hundreds of people but now it's just
like smaller and more frequent
tournaments that mean less and there's
only like 25 people here often there's
like 50 but um there are not that many
here today here I will show you what it
looks like
so yeah it looks like that but um I'm
also gonna buy a bunch of things I
bought something already it's like a one
of those little owl guys that you set
your like phone on and it like props
your phone off and then on the bottom it
like cleans off your phone I'll show you
later but yeah I should get back I lost
my first round which sucked so we'll see
how we do to a girl i might add but
she's pretty good and pretty now so i
guess i think i had the celerity i want
to get um shit i want to get this one
the hell it's like an owl I collect
these so I'm browsing and knock this off
yes i know i love the tiny ones to say
hi kiss hello i am kind of sort of
logging right now i don't usually do the
outside blogs but oh oh this is cute too
all this was ears it's got like little
is it's so cute
so many fucking puzzle holy God shit
right I got paired up against Jay and I
lost fair and square and I was gonna
concede to him anyway because he's
playing his brew I'm playing a deck that
I fucking hate so yeah I'm gonna go
explore the store and show you some
stuff inflatable kazoo are unspeakable
burger can I don't want to get two faxes
giant ass playing cards every so cute
play them damn like everything they've
Walking Dead and horse star wars I like
a bunch of look good Dorothy Boehner
like how was that harnesses story of
darth vader i'm playing hurts oh my god
is it pictures this shouldn't animated
it pop figures look Jay they have the
stuffed animals look at the thrower look
at reno this discord is a pony agreed
olea this is the best one also the ninja
turtle that's really cute but like here
like it's a little so cute a lot about
figures Super Mario tactics how are
shifting settle cards of the fuck
you like you've never played it before
I've never played tactics at all so
adorable panda a red panda you are on a
very simple quest to add the most
adorable pandas how do you this is
subjective Oh held West what is that
penis watch what are you show me this
for I don't know it's interesting
interesting a show just like if you
think that's not interesting we should
get this beard owes so you think you
know famous beards oh it's people's
beards whoa spider bowl Jade's beardy
by your bowls watch bowls hash the
hatching the spiders newbold look at
dinosaur stone whoa in German in do cool
Oh in the dark igloo 30 since I can
watch the balls transition and then
those balls grow another thing I wanted
this she's like it's like fridge magnets
where you can like make your own shit I
created a program that makes my
microwave a speed roosting network of
well cooking awesome nachos like nerd
believe it what is with you in the
slinky what's wrong there we go congrats
you're the one it's really good there's
a Freud one it's awesome tell me about
your childhood I have regrets due to an
unconscious fear a famous psychiatrist
big cigars it's awesome she's very
powerful why is the program summer oh
yeah fucking number first street
presence oh I want to do those they're
like metal that like being 3d look
Charlie you could go to go grazing i'm
totally not filming you eating it's
really cool they like okay so they're
flat you see like this and then you
they're like metal and you pop them out
and you can do have one minute into
something 3d you're just really
see we're gonna go see one that's made
sitting around for so long that like it
we've dropped it at times like how cool
is that there's just a falcon oh that's
right let me touch it yeah if you're you
dude if you buy these they don't come
with a small choir thing so you have to
have that tool okay it's impossible to
do with your fingers but the bigger kits
in the box come with a little prior to
go for it that's really cool I think we
should do the I could like do on stream
like on the creative place or whatever
Wow a Tetris puzzle a rubik's cube
puzzle oh my God we're in Seattle a
cobra to the puzzle Tetris puzzles like
fucking oh my god card they like oh this
is really cool like 3d 20
oh you can't oh it's like a creeper you
can't see it as a long videos here okay
so I've completely bombed out I actually
I'm like oh for now which is ridiculous
I don't know what is wrong with me
lately playing magic I just haven't
found a deck that I enjoy like at all
and it's ridiculous that I don't know
i'm playing jessica black it's kind of
difficult and I've been making a lot of
Miss plays that I am conscious of and
there's also miss place and it probably
not conscious of but I'm sitting there's
Kamini and crepe shop and I always get
like this egg and cheese crepe and then
Jake it's like this like vegan tomato
basil panini and he gets this drink this
is like his favorite drink to nantucket
nectars and in the cap like the cap has
like facts about Nantucket kind of like
how Snapple has like just regular life
facts but it has like an tuck'n facts
which are like who cares but it's like
cute now so yeah I don't know I might
even like not play the last round
because I feel like it's just so
pointless like there's I'm not in money
anymore and I'm just kind of sick of
this deck and I'm thinking I'm either
gonna play Vance next time I'm gonna
building over the hill with mill deck or
something fun we shall see but no more
magic Talk I just want to bring you guys
along and show you
kind of what it's like in a magic
tournament or like a comic book / magic
shop this was this shop doesn't have
comics but often they do have comics so
now i'm just waiting for my panini i'll
show you the shop it's cute and i have
like a bunch of really healthy options
for paninis and crepes and jay really
likes crepes being from europe in stokes
I know if you want me to do these more
often i could probably do them like once
every other week but it's mostly just
gonna be magic stuff or like Aaron's
which like aren't that interesting to me
when I'm watching someone's channel like
I don't usually watch their vlog channel
if it's going out I would rather talk
about topics that interest me then just
like show you guys the mundane things
that we all do like that doesn't really
make much sense really grocery shopping
but i don't know maybe you want to live
out like a day in my life but my life is
just kind of making content and playing
games which i take you guys along with
anyway because i'm making content while
i'm doing most of it not all the games
but still oh yeah i might as well show
you my outfit right so i didn't get
enough which
oh so yeah sometimes that way dun wanna
sing I getting 4 that's a 4 from the
5656 yeah we're going to get informant
54 you took two from the sulfur oh hey
guys so in the car going back now and I
thought I would finish out this vlog
normally rather than finishing it out
into the fucking great place Jay top
hated and then lost in the porters to
case which is our friend he often trios
with us and league on streams so you
guys
his gameplay we don't usually have my
skype but um yeah so that happened I got
some some stuff I got some cute things I
got this guy his name is Oliver which is
ridiculous but something stupid about
Oliver is that his thing is
grammatically incorrect i don't know if
you can you catch it any passage is it
too bouncy I don't know like in the car
so
sorry if you can read it but if you can
catch him post in the comments so you
saw it this guy is literally the fucking
cutest thing in the whole damn world
it's like a little pink dragon fucking
adorable his wings always so cute so sad
I love it so much I love these guys like
like these guys if you have seen my home
tour hi collect them and one more one
more we've got a little owl named Oscar
it was Oscar right yeah and he has the
little feather ears that's really cute
and before when we first got there oh my
god there's like a of my ear that was
bad i bought this I've had one of these
on my wish list for a long time it's
like on the bottom it cleans your phone
screen it's got that like the thing that
would clean lenses and then he sets your
phone up right so if you want to watch
something like a YouTube videos in again
I wanted these for a while I had one of
a wish list but nobody bought it and
then I found this one which is better
because the cute of pink owl so yeah I
clicks the beanie baby owls and things
but yeah jay is that Jay you're sad he's
okay he was a little sad because he miss
played and lost but uh yeah I don't know
it's I'm like really tired all of a
sudden like its desired but a friend of
wake up will probably take a Peter
because I am supposed to stream I will
see you guys a little later hope you
enjoyed this so free to like the video
subscribe to the channel and I will see
you again let me know if you want me to
do more of these out about vlogs I don't
like to do them because i feel like it
puts a damper on the experience and it's
also a little awkward and if I'm walking
around I get out of breath like trying
to talk to you guys so fast I have a
thing where I like don't ever breathe
when I talk so it's like I feel like I'm
out of shape what I'm walking around
talking but yeah love you guys see you
next time
