hey guys today I have a story time video
for you but first I want to show you my
outfit is so cute look I have like polka
dots and my bralette here is like dark
blue and polka dots or dark blue and
then I have the little sweater cardigan
I fucking love cardigans and then I'm
wearing I'm wearing those watchamacallit
tight anyway um I was watching the show
called with the fuck I'm like out of it
today I have to go to a magic tournament
it's 9am i've been up since like 5am and
i have to go to a magic tournament in
like an hour but I wanted to make
Sundays video because I'm going to be
streaming trinium wars and giving away
keys and I'm gonna be really busy on
sunday so i wanted to get this done
before i left so needless to say i'm
busy and also trying to fit in magic
tournaments so yeah but i was watching a
better call saul recently which is a
spin-off of Breaking Bad with the the
lawyer Saul which I am fucking in love
with i'm in love with the show i'm in
love with him i want to hire him as my
real lawyer knowing that he's just an
actor and pay him in sex or something i
don't know just the shows so
entertaining and i always felt like he
was like best part of it but anyway as I
was watching on the show I was reminded
of a part of my past there is a part in
the show which I'm not going to give
away too much because of spoilers but he
has to resuscitate someone who he cares
about and in his emotional pneus the way
he emotionally handles the situation he
starts hitting the person mmm and it
reminded me of a time in my childhood I
think I was around 13 years old i would
say because I started smoking weed at
like twelve and a half or something when
my boyfriend and I found like I used
like a little package on the ground in
the rain and it was closed but there was
like a little bit of weed left and we
tried it and from then on my friends and
I like all of my friends I had a lot of
guy friends we would all try to procure
as much weight as possible which was
very very hard when you're in like
middle school it's like near impossible
so we would get very little of it and
there were there were like kids who
would sell it and there were high
schoolers that would sell
you let me make sure my boobs are in my
shirt there were high schoolers that
would sell to like the younger kids
stuff but I smoked a lot of pot when I
was younger and part of it at first it
was just for fun and it was like really
interesting and great and it was like an
exploration and then later when I was
dating the guy Jared who was like a
complete and terrible waste of my two
years I started doing it kind of in
spite of him because he didn't like it
and then when I did it it was just to
kind of forget of how much like how much
of an asshole he was you know and it was
just like so stupid I don't do any kind
of drugs anymore i don't even really
drink it because for me I would rather
live a healthy lifestyle and I would
rather have a healthy respiratory system
and I'm very active I go to the gym and
stuff not only does we'd give me the
munchies like a lot you know i'm just
like more in tune with my hunger and you
know the tastes are just you know
heightened so it's like much more fun to
eat and that's pretty much what munchies
are not everyone gets them but um I also
feel more out of breath when I work out
when i try to do cardio and when i am on
like weed i I get very paranoid like I
can die and I know that there's no
actual you know cases of people dying
directly from weed when they're healthy
themselves like that's not a thing that
happens it's it's a very safe drug as
far as drugs go but you know people can
get in like car accidents or like do
really stupid things it's there's a loss
of blood cells there's things that can
happen to your respiratory system and
I'm just not interested in that and I
also get this like really depressing
feeling like everything around me is
just like awkward and gross and I feel
like I'm trapped in the body of someone
who's not confident and who is very
self-conscious and unhappy with
themselves when I smoke pot and that
doesn't happen when I drink but drinking
just has a lot of calories and there's
no reason for me to get rid of my
inhibitions inhibitions I don't really
like have any to begin with I also took
caffeine this morning so I apologize but
anyway let's get into the story so I was
working a lot of pot but it was hard to
come by so my friend Zach with a seed he
had this like cute list but he was like
a boy with like hair this color and I
had hair this color when I was younger
too so we were both like the blondes
everyone thought we were brother and
sister but we were really good friends
and we hung out a lot and he liked to
play video games and he liked to smoke
and that's what I like to do as well one
day he comes over and I'm like did you
get any weed because the sister was
older I think she had a way of getting
him we'd i'm not quite sure and my long
term memory isn't that great i only just
remembered this story because i was
watching fucking better call saul um as
an example of how bad my long-term
memory is probably as a results of
smoking pot um he comes over and he's
like I have an idea that can get us high
that doesn't have to do with weed and
it's really easy to procure and I'm like
okay what is it and he tells me do you
have me dust off and I'm like yeah you
know my dad's like huge into computers
and technology so of course I've dust
off we have like dust off by the
millions and by the way my parents watch
my vlogs um quite often so mom and dad I
know you guys never knew the story and
I'm really sorry that this happened I'm
really glad that I stopped doing it and
that nothing bad came of it I'm sorry I
abused your your cleaning supplies for
computers but anyway um Zach tells me
that you can get high off of the stuff
and I'm like is this safe and he's like
well I think it's safe nothing's ever
happened it's fine and he's like egging
me on and as much as I experimented in
as many things as I did when I was
younger that I probably shouldn't have
done heard that could have brought me
harm I always had the sense to question
things and to not want to do things but
I was also young and susceptible to peer
pressure especially from someone that I
cared about I've never been susceptible
to peer pressure from people I don't
give a shit about like people I don't
know or like bullies but when it comes
to my friends I've always trusted my
friends and so I was like okay sure it's
a very interesting hi so you just inhale
some of it you just like put it in your
mouth and you inhale it it's really like
cold and minty and then immediately it's
like you restrict all um oxygen to your
brain I'm not sure exactly what happens
I think it deprives you of oxygen so
that your brain can't function as well
and the high only lasts like like a few
seconds and it's like you see the dots
like when you when you look into a
bright light or you get a flash and they
close your eyes and there's like dots
everywhere that's
all you can see pretty much have no
auditory or visual perception just like
dots and euphoria and weirdness and this
is like a very vivid memory to me I
don't know what's wrong with my throat I
think i deep throated too much last
night or something it had pretty rough
sex when I got back from F&M and my
throat hurt last night I was like I'm I
go to bed and then I woke up and now
also for the last like week I've been
feeling like I have some kind of weird
intermittent cold but anyway ah they
should change my middle name to digress
Tara digress babcock because that's
fucking all I do but anyway um the high
was good and Zach was hitting it and I
was hitting it and Zach was hitting it
and I was hitting it and we were like
switching off back and forth and I was
getting a good high but I was starting
to feel really nauseous and I didn't
want to do anymore and Zach takes his
last hit and I'm like that's all for me
I'm done and he just kind of like when
you're on when you're like experiencing
the higher kind of just like
non-responsive and stuff I were like
enjoying it and like being with your
eyes closed it's really weird but Zach
wasn't moving afterwards and he just had
it like the the aerosol can like in his
hand I don't know if it's aerosol it's
like package day or whatever um yeah and
like coolant I don't know what it's made
of I'm sure I actually do know but I'm
just like forgetting but he like slumps
over in my like it's like my grandma's
like it's a chair like this but smaller
and it's like a rocking chair he like
slumps over and is non-responsive and
I'm like Zach and I like touch him and
I'm like Zach and he's like not
responding and you know when you can
like tell you can tell just by looking
at someone whether or not they're like
breathing normally he wasn't breathing
from what I could tell but I wasn't you
know trained in CPR so I didn't do the
whole like you know put your hand or
your face next to their face and see if
they're breathing at all and then do the
CPR I wasn't trained in that yet so um I
just like kind of freaked out and the
first thing I was thinking is I'm going
to be in so much fucking trouble I'm
going to be in so much fucking trouble I
wasn't really understanding the gravity
of the situation and the fact that you
know this person could actually die and
I thought that you know this is safe so
what's going on with him like is he sick
did he fall asleep as normal and I start
shaking him like violent
and I I like slap him across the face
like twice and I'm like oh my god I'm
like Zach what the fuck I'm like yelling
and no one's home so like this is just
us there and I like punch him as hard as
I can on space and he like immediately
wakes up and like throws up all over
himself and I'm like oh thank god says
so much better i'm so fucking glad that
you're okay let's never do this again
and we decided never to do it again I
don't know if he ever did but it was
like pretty like I opening you know like
you need to do your research before you
try anything and obviously household
cleaners and things like that are not
things that you should be using or
huffing or you know markers all of these
things can be detrimental to you and I
definitely don't recommend doing any
like harder drugs or you know things
that you see on the house cough syrup
don't abuse any of that stuff because
there's no like actual studies on it
whereas if you really need to get high
or drunk do drinking a normal amount for
your body weight or you know trying pots
look my fucking throat it's like a
tickle that I'm like trying to not have
um you should definitely do things that
are more sanctioned I guess I would say
as drugs if you have to but I recommend
just not doing there's no reason to do
it like you don't have to do things like
that to be an interesting person or to
have epiphanies or anything like that
it's fun when you're young to
experiments but I definitely it's it's
not really worth the trying things out
like like take it from me I don't like
to give advice where I'm telling you
guys what to do often I feel like it's
just kind of pretentious and like
everyone is different so people might
have like really good like experiences
with weed and really good experiences
with certain drugs and you know I can
make you more creative I mean look at
all the rock stars of the like 70s
fifties 80s 90s like everything being is
different for everyone else but I
definitely recommend doing things that
have no actual cases of direct death and
then doing them in the comfort of your
own home not going out driving and
things like that and putting other
people's lives at risk like really
if you're only harming yourself and
that's the only way that you can be
happy in life you should probably try to
find another hobby but I mean you only
have one life to live live it happy just
don't fucking like ruin other people's
lives with it if that makes any sense so
yeah I took Zach sweater and threw it in
the washer and dryer and I still had
that sweater like I think it's not my
parents house I just like had it forever
because whatever I cleaned off my
grandma's chair and he said he was going
to go home and take a nap and I called
him later and I was like are you okay
are you feeling better and he was
feeling fine and we just went back to
smoking weed and then eventually we
started drinking and stuff like that
when we got older but um I haven't
talked to Zach and ever he like moved
away and he was one of my best friends
and it was really shitty like it was
like Chris Zach and then my boyfriend
Casey and a lot of other guy friends
that I had around the neighborhood and
Zach was one of my favorites he was into
everything I was into we would play a
bunch of video games high and it was
great and I'm really glad that nothing
came of that bad experience and I feel
like it's really great that we were able
to learn from that and know that like
you know do your research weed is safer
everyone's doing it there's no reported
cases of deaths and stuff like that so
yeah oh please this is interesting to
you guys I like doing story times and a
lot of people in my patreon were saying
don't do this like topic because we
don't like negative things and I'm like
well it had a happy ending right like
nobody died it wasn't like the Andrews
story or somebody actually did die I
like doing story time videos but I feel
like I either forget a lot of my stories
or I'm not good at telling stories and
then I don't have as many stories like
when I watched like Shannon roses
channel she has so many stories because
her childhood and her life is like so
fucked up and so many crazy things
happening and she kind of feeds off the
drama at night I avoid drama and most of
my stories are from when I was younger
because now all I do is stay at home and
play video games and when I go out to
wear these like cute skirts and things
it's just like to magic I don't even
really do many after parties that things
like III or packs I do occasionally but
it's not really my thing I just like
when I have time off I don't like to
vacation I don't like to go party I like
to just sit on the couch and play video
games in order a pizza so yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed let me know how I can
improve these things seriously like the
video subscribe to the channel I
can love you guys I have to go play
magic wish me luck with my desk I black
deck I cannot wait until fucking fetches
rotate out cuz I'm so sick of fetching
and so sick of fucking playing three
colors but splashing 800 it's like I
just want to die I haven't performed
well in magic for literally like ever
and I know it's not because I'm not at a
prayer I know it's not because I'm out
of practice because I when I started
playing again I like took like a five
month break and I started playing again
and all I did was just pick up a deck
and I top aided regionals and then the
next week I had a different deck that I
hadn't played until the day before and I
top it at a ppt Hugh right and it's like
okay so it's not about practice and it's
not about whatever maybe I just haven't
found the deck for me or maybe the deck
i'm playing is too complex for me in her
i don't get it or i don't know what the
fuck is going on with me but I went like
1 2 3 at F&M last night and the week
before was 31 which is fine but usually
I was like for owing every FM and doing
decently at every big tournament so we
shall see sorry about the little rant
there at the end about magic if you guys
I'm not the fuck I'm talking about it's
a TCG card playing game motherfucking
shit and I've been playing it
competitively for like two years and
before that when I was younger I was
playing the pokemon TCG so um yeah I
love you guys ma bye
