hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail holy crap I have so
many fucking boxes like guys I don't
deserve this like why are you guys so
fucking good to me this is more boxes I
think then what I got on my birthday
which was like a ridiculous immense
unfathomable amount so I just want to
say before I start any of this that you
guys are so fucking good to me like if I
was an emotional person and I was able
to like cry I would be like bawling my
eyes out right now and I really wish I
could show you better how appreciative I
am of everything that you guys do for me
I try to give back with like giveaways
content you guys want to see and show
you guys the real me but I really don't
feel like it's enough to warrant this I
actually took some pictures of how many
because I don't feel like when you're
watching you realize how many packages
this was I was the post office and
people were looking at me like I was
fucking crazy just like pulling boxes
and boxes out and we had to make like
two trips to the car Jay and I both
carrying packages it it was crazy
so I just wanted to preemptively say
thank you all so if you haven't yet
please check out my gaming channel at
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games I
just got finished playing unravel for
the first time that video will be out
tomorrow and it is such a fucking good
game so if you're into gaming at all I
would definitely appreciate you checking
it out try to make that channel grow
it's it's my baby it's my favorite one
it was my first channel anyway this is
gonna be a long-ass video so let's
fucking into it I'm so excited I don't
feel sick right now
and I remember last time I had this many
packages for my birthday I was feeling
terrible so the video was like kind of
torturous but this time I'm just gonna
enjoy it first package is this it's a
video game oh it is not a video game Oh
Wayne send it to me it's Mythbusters
collection 1 we were talking recently
about how much I fucking love
Mythbusters and he was saying that he
also loved it oh he's the Swedes thank
you so much Wayne you're like one of the
most supportive people ever I've always
wanted to be on Mythbusters that would
be like a dream job of mine and now you
just learn something about me today
because I geek out over stuff like this
so interesting I love acquiring
knowledge science facts it's also
interesting Thank You Wayne next package
we have is this my favorite Pokemon
we've got notes oh it's from Demi Demi
is is like an incredibly gorgeous girl
who's always supported me and she
watches my twitch stream twitch.tv/eds
and shoots she's so pretty
hey baby girl it
our favorite Pokemon love you from Tammy
Rose oh my god I have to take him out
right now who doesn't fucking love Mew
Mew is so fucking cute ah well your
little tail no Mew is not the evolution
of Mewtwo or vice versa by the way guys
happy 20th anniversary of Pokemon Thank
You Demi you were the fucking best let's
put her right here next package this one
is from Sean I know it's gonna be great
if Sean about it for me holy shit
you got me all three that's so fucking
awesome yes I've been playing China and
this is like the best thing ever
I am a huge fan of side-scrollers and
I'm a huge fan of Sanskrit so this is
thank you so much Sean oh my god you're
awesome
mwah I'm so fucking spoiled like what
the fuck you guys are enabling me you
know I was a spoiled only child and I'm
trying to transgress the personality
flaws I have because I'm a spoiled
lonely child and you guys are still
spoiling me what the fuck I'm not
complaining though I'm not complaining
this is another one from Sean oh my god
I recommend legacy collection I didn't
think I could be more excited after his
hasn't screwed chronicles but what the
fuck this is the one that has all six
Mega Man games all the retro ones six
games in one including a new challenge
mode that remixes levels for a new
gaming experience museum mode features
sketches contact art and more this is so
great oh I love it it's on ps4 too I for
some reason thought these only came out
on the Xbox one thank you so much Sean
ridiculous I don't deserve any of this
alright this is from art accom I don't
know why I even attempt to do anything
without my box cutter ma yep it's not
gonna do it but the box cutter is
however cutting it pun intended
anytime I make a pun unless I'm
completely scatterbrained it's
definitely intended it's very Super
Mario shirts cleavage shirts at that
let's get it open
hell yes I love how it even matches my
color scheme right now should we put it
on let's put it on
ah I'm loving it unfortunately it's not
as cleavagey as I would like it to be I
feel like maybe I would cut it a little
bit like cut off this ribbing here but
it's hot pink which is my favorite color
and I love the design and I'm pretty
sure this one came from rubber tongue so
good boy
next we've got this heavy ass package oh
my god what the fuck you guys can
already tell this is from rubber tug
right so the first item in the bag is
this legit
fucking steel boned corset and look at
the way that things open you go like
this and then you pull it forward it's
so cool let me show you like that and
then you pull this thing off fucking
crazy right so this is like a thing that
goes on the top kind of like those Asian
outfits and then we've also got this
which is like a faux leather belt for
strength 4 stam leather belt if you
played way back in the day you know what
I'm talking about
oh it does cover my boobs okay I'll be
right back okay so everyone right now
take a moment to just thank rubber
tongue for this wonderful outfit that he
has bought me but oh my god the titties
I just finished watching Ripper Street
and I feel like one of the like the
Madam's at the whorehouses how fucking
awesome is this it's so hot I love it I
didn't really tighten it though because
it's kind of hard to tighten but it
looks so great
yes now we have a package from
adventurous Joe which you can check out
on YouTube his name is Joseph Michaels
good friend of mine too
let's see what he got me this time also
the first thing I see here a Darth Vader
Valentine this will be a Valentine's Day
long remembered Thank You Joseph what
the hell is this a hideaway pets pillow
open up to play curl up to hide away I
go like that and he's like a fuzzy
chisel and then I open him up he's
Captain America with like this little
felt shield it's so cute you fucking
rock Joseph we've also got two goombas
ah goombas were like one of the only
things missing from my Nintendo setup
here and now I have two just so cute
I'll position them better later it's cab
he comes with his shield in another head
to every time action figures come with
another head it creeps me out a little
bit
this is hot though and last but
certainly not least we have fucking Goku
Oh
I had a Goku figure go figure that was
bad thank you so much Joseph you were
you fucking best and once again you guys
should check out the adventurous Joe on
YouTube this content is pretty good next
package what is this it's deep frat hi
LM T when having some stress these will
help it's like a bunch of adorable
stress balls
they're so cute you know I'm just gonna
throw them all over my house we've got
an elephant in a giraffe I think it's
weird to see a giraffe depicted without
along that we have a monkey and a tiger
Thank You rubber tongue this is a really
thoughtful gift you've done well today
next box this is like empty Princess
Peach my favorite princess hi Tara
thank you for your latest fanservice
video it's just what I needed to get
through my grave shit looking forward to
your future videos Brian s oh thank you
Brian you're fucking awesome let's take
her out oh my god her dress is so soft
like the softest thing ever oh now that
we have her here let's ask her are you
cut Goulding Mario on purpose with
Bowser yes I am I can't stand Mario's
tiny penis
Bowser's king of the Koopas why would I
not fuck his big veiny dick well there
you have it peach you should definitely
make vlogs let's put her next to the
baby peach awesome next gift message
hello LMT be careful with this gift what
could it be
Oh oh my god it's a tarantula oh that is
so cute
rubber tech knows how much I love
spiders and how much I've wanted a
tarantula for a pet for like ever look
at his little fangs his fangs are so
cute
Oh tarantulas are a specie of arachnid
characterized by their hairy appearance
and often very large size these spiders
can be as small as a coin and as large
as a dinner plate one species in South
America has a leg span of up to 12
inches well I think I will name her Tara
the tarantula you guys are missing out
if you don't like insects
I could watch a spider spin a web for
hours thank you ever tongue this box is
very heavy what could this be
hello LMT hopes so much you enjoy this
maybe make a video of it even love you
muah oh shit it's my sphero bb-8 I am
definitely gonna be making a video this
on my gaming channel so keep your eye
out there and make sure to subscribe
because this is like a miniature
animatronic bb-8 I uses the same
technology as the bb-8 in the movie she
slides around makes noise and you can
control her with a phone app
yes bb-8 is confirmed a female I am so
excited for this I cannot wait to open
this ah Thank You Roberto this is
awesome
and expensive Embleton lady the last of
the small boxes presents hi LM T hope
you like this interesting book please
understand me too temperament character
intelligence by David Keirsey here's Ian
Bates's please understand me first
published in 1978 sold nearly two
million copies in its first 20 years in
its first 20 years I always expected to
be like in its first 24 hours becoming a
perennial bestseller all over the world
for the past 20 years Kier Z has
continued to investigate personality
differences to refine his theory of the
four temperaments and to define the
facets of character and distinguish one
from another oh my god this is awesome
this is like right up my fucking alley
rubber Tom you know me so fucking well I
guess you're supposed to know me so well
but still like your oh my god so there
are four kinds of intelligence tactical
logistical diplomatic and strategic
according to this book and I cannot wait
to read it and formulate my own opinion
and you even know that I hate ebooks
it's just you're the best thank you and
what did you get me oh my god it says
flute on it no fucking way oh my god
no fucking way get it open oh hey he got
me fucking flute Oh little-known fact
about me I used to be in band I was in
band for like eight years
and during that time I learned how to
play the flute pretty mediocre leave oh
my fucking god but I lost my flutes at
some point
and now I have one again and yes I have
heard all of the this one time at band
camp flute jokes it is a coincidence
that I was a flute player oh my god I'm
gonna have to learn how to play the
flute again oh my god feels just like
home okay I don't want to get too much
lip gloss on it but I am definitely
gonna relearn how to play something and
play it for you guys you have my word
thank you so much in this is like insane
did insanely personal gifts for me cuz I
really wish I could find my flute thank
you
does it come with a cleaner oh it does
it comes with the cleaning gloves and
the stick so you put the cloth through
here and then you run it through the
flute to clean it like I can't stop
saying thank you enough Thank You Ian
we've got this big heavy box it happened
to my cutting majid there it is it's
under my ass - presents my apartment is
officially a mess let's start with the
bigger one first I hope you like your
porn star rods
well that intrigues me I've got a
Dean cock no way oh my god look at this
picture look at him it's hilarious
so realistic it even has the curve I
didn't even know that they made male
porn star like sex toys this is really
interesting it comes with a bag that
wouldn't fit the cock inside it even has
a suction cup so I can like stick it to
the shower and fuck it I think it is now
customary that I hit myself in the face
with these at least once
ow okay so does this even fit in here
that's what he said
I've got a cock in a bag I've got a
flute and a cock oh the variance of
gifts
I approve and this one says well isn't
that a wonderful message I don't even
know who these are from now we have
Shawn Michaels well now he's way too
realistic Jesus Christ even got like the
balls Shawn Michaels or James Dean
oh you could definitely beat someone up
with this Jesus Christ look at this side
of the box it's got dildo in a bunch of
different languages and most of them are
just still dildo in German dildo in
Italian Penna realistic oh godö
realistics that's hilarious
oh great gifts I wish I knew who they
were from thank you so much we can sword
fight
this however is my most anticipated
package because it's from the new guy
yay it's funny because the apparatus
that he got me here to open these boxes
isn't really helpful with this box this
is like crazy damned in their sword
thing I've ever done in my life that's
not true we've got a thumb drive we've
got a note here's a Dutch cookie it's
called a stroopwafel or something and in
English is called a syrup waffle but it
isn't syrup it's caramel hope you like
them I sent you a USB Drive too with the
photo shops and a file where I tell you
my name okay because I'm bad at
pronouncing his name because he's from
the Netherlands but I don't see the
cookie I think this kind of fell off the
cookie something for you babe a
squeezable tits
what XXL this is hilarious boobie now I
can have a third boob leave a like on my
video if you approve of my third boob oh
it even has like The Milk Duds
Thank You denier guy then we have this
which is probably the cookie ah these
are the stoop waffles hey babe first I
bought this for my sister but then I
thought you might like this too so I
then bought two I really hope you like
it cuz it cost
me a fuck ton of money oh I'm sure I
will oh my god you have a really cool
sister by the way if she would want this
lady a Deadpool up in here oh yeah
alright now I can't really see things
thank you so much for literally
everything the stoop Awful's the Lady
Deadpool mask the titty which is pretty
appropriate when thinking about Deadpool
it actually matches my corset this is so
great it's got the caramel inside you're
really good it's good you guys called
calories just like straight up energy
2055 kilojoules per 100 grams what kind
of measurement of calories is that your
pants are fucking weird we do have one
more thing from him this is so good I've
to share some with Jay here are a few
photo shops I hope you like them
I got a question for you can you perhaps
give me like a Photoshop challenge here
I will tell you a bit about the
Photoshop Michelle Phan Photoshop a long
time ago I made a Shao Kahn Photoshop I
wanted to show you that my first reverie
skills have improved the captured
America Photoshop this was the same
reason as why did the shelf on Photoshop
I just wanted to show my improvement the
slave rubber Photoshop here uh Burton
asked me if I could make a Photoshop for
him where it looks like he is your
physical slave no I put something on his
face for privacy reasons I was just
gonna say I wouldn't be able to show
that and that you would love the
Photoshop well this is just inspired by
the devilish you Photoshop let's see
these oh shit it's me and Shogun that is
hot
I should like put these up on the wall
Captain America that's hot this is my
favorite cartoon he knows that's so
sweet oh and this is me and my slave
rubber tongue and you can't see his face
because privacy this is so fucking
awesome let's see the one with me and
lava whoa that is so awesome you just
like turn to the water into the actual
lava or something you are so fucking
talented denier guy keep it up practice
makes perfect
fount Wow Wow thank you Dan you got you
are the fucking best in the world I'm
gonna wear this for the rest of the
video and hopefully I can see enough cuz
I can't see very well on this whoo it
says hello LMT have fun with this
amazing night light lamp alright I can't
see anything if I wasn't surrounded by
boxes and other crazy shit all over the
place I would definitely be getting up
and plugging this in but I'll have to
check it out later did you give me this
because you know I'm afraid of the dark
that would be so sweet
penises and boobs everywhere okay three
boxes left I'm gonna take these to Jay
alright I'm back let's move on I hope
you guys don't feel like I'm going
through these too fast because I am just
trying to make this a video that you
guys enjoy
but trust me I am thoroughly
flabbergasted at why you guys think I am
so special you guys are so amazing to me
I cannot stop saying it this is heavy as
fuck what could this be
hi Tara this is Carlos are you are
extremely sexy my heart will always be
waiting for you and only you call me if
you want and then he gives me his number
Oh what did you send man sold as a set
not separate expiration dates there's an
expiration date
oh yeah it's my vegan cookies these are
so fucking good one cookie at 16 grams
of protein six grams of fiber no
cholesterol and they're pretty
low-calorie this is awesome wow so my
battery pack actually died while I was
filming this it's insane something's
dusty the poppy seed one is only one
I've had and it tastes so fucking good
so I'm going to be making a separate
taste test video for all of these so
stay tuned on this channel also I just
wanted to thank Carlos for being so
thoughtful
and for caring about my health and my
taste buds you are awesome Carlos thank
you this is a fucking epic gift
second to last we've got something that
has weird noises coming out of it when
you shake it which is like what the fuck
oh my god it's one of those things where
you have to get the ball to a certain
area it's ticking noises and sound
it's r2d2 this is so fucking cool
navigate the x-wing Starfighter target
the exhaust ports this is basically like
a simulation of killing the fucking
Death Star this is like what the fuck
this is so cool dear LMT good luck
puzzling oh you honestly can't go wrong
with extra batteries can you speaking
Darth Vader noises why are you making
Darth Vader noises it's just like
randomly making noises ooh
our last box is huge literally huge as
fuck but it's not that heavy fortunately
where do where do I keep putting my
fucking thing it just keeps making noise
so what your weird
it's a giant panda with a baby panda and
it's got like crazy static cling going
on what the hell this is so cuddly I
love it so much what if I take the baby
and then make it hold a penis that's
that's normal right there we go why
would we not have it hold two penises
and a boob we've got the naughty panda
bear you guys are
really crazily amazingly good to me I I
don't even understand why you guys care
about me so much just to everyone who
has ever done anything for me because
you're so fucking amazing
you make this series great I never
thought I would have enough things to do
this every single every other week and
it looks like I would have enough to do
it every week so Wow like every time I
go to the post office and I have so many
things I'm just like how the fuck why
the fuck you oh my god I feel like my
sincerity will go up if I become
Deadpool anyway you guys are just so
fuckin good to me like thank you so much
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel smile every single fuckin
day because you guys deserve it and just
have a good fucking day and week and
month and everything you guys are just
the fucking best don't forget to check
out my other YouTube channel and I'm
gonna start posting on my makeup channel
soon maybe once a month and then up it
to once every other week at some point
maybe if I have time but I am working my
ass off to bring you the best content
that I possibly can with the most Terry
and I hope you enjoyed the sexiness of
it but I also hope you guys know how
genuinely I appreciate you just you guys
are fucking everything you guys are
fucking everything oh yeah
even my new flutes thank you guys
seriously you are the fucking best don't
let anyone tell you otherwise okay I've
been recording this video for literally
an hour so I will see you guys in two
weeks with Friday night mail and next
week with fanservice Friday and in an
hour after this video went up I will be
posting a new huniepop episode on my
gaming channel see you guys there mwah I
could not give you a bigger more
tremendous kiss oh this course that is
sexy
