hello my lusty pupils and welcome to a
new episode of sex ed with Tara today
we're going to talk about how we can
introduce the idea of sex to your
partner or potential partners but before
I start I want to wish you all a happy
20th anniversary of Pokemon I've
literally loved Pokemon for 17 of those
20 years and even though I haven't kept
up on much more than the original 152
Pokemon it's still a big part of my life
now that we've gotten that out of the
way let's teach you guys how to get sex
we've all seen spontaneous passionate
sex in movies and TV where seemingly out
of nowhere couples begin violently
kissing and ripping off each other's
clothing or just hiking up a skirt in an
alleyway I'm producing a penis in which
to penetrate well as these extremely
fortunate sexual trysts do happen it
isn't a realistic interpretation of how
most sexual relationships will start in
the real world I am here to give you
tips on how to successfully bring up the
idea of sex with a date or a friend who
you would like to possibly sleep with
first and probably most important is to
not mislead your prospective partner
sometimes if I feel natural or innocent
to tell someone you're something you're
not or are interested in something
you're not in order to get sex lust is a
powerful force
it might seem easier to pretend that
you're a sweet rich man who wants to
settle down rather than admit you're a
waiter who doesn't know what he wants
but don't be manipulative to get into
someone's pants you're only going to
hurt yourself and your chances to have
continued sex with that person later on
lying is never good relationships even
casual ones should never be based on
bullshit another tip is to feel out the
person's personality if a man or woman
you're interested in is forward for
instance like he or she already makes
sexual jokes suggestions sends you dick
pics or tip pics it's definitely more
likely that they'll be ok with you just
bringing up the subject boldly hey
you're hot let's fuck however if the
person is really shy or timid or is that
bad relationships in the past or some
kind of sexual trauma you might have to
start out with something more befitting
of their personality try making them
feel comfortable with you and build
their trust this isn't to say that if
you simply want a casual sex
relationship you have to stay there for
a long time and pledge yourselves to
them before you get sex or even
suggested I definitely stand by the fact
that it's good to let your intentions
known early on but just don't be so
blunt and scary about it tell the person
how beautiful and handsome they are that
you can't stop thinking about them and
compliment parts of their body that you
know they're comfortable with already
build their confidence these people are
often not into sex are ready for sex
because they're not confident and if
you're the one that makes them feel good
you're the one they're gonna drop their
panties or briefs for after
complimenting them try to feel out how
they take it if they seem more receptive
maybe you can move on to touching but
the physical attempt should also be less
outward instead of going in aggressively
for a kiss try touching their arms often
pulling them in for hugs
putting your armor on their shoulders
and kissing them on the cheeks and neck
that definitely gets people in the mood
especially the neck if you're rejected
or if she becomes uncomfortable just
apologize and tell them that it's not
meant to offend you just find them so
desirable again building confidence ask
them if they feel comfortable and safe
around you and let them know you are
gonna do anything with them until
they're absolutely ready you might think
these tips might only be helpful in your
teens or when you're a virgin but many
people especially women have trust
issues or are not comfortable sexually
late into their lives so what if the
person you want to have sex with you're
not even dating yet or don't want to
date if you're interested in engaging in
sex with a friend it's better a friend
that you trust and can be more open and
candid with if it were me I would just
say I'm horny you want to fuck around
and I would just have the confidence to
brush it off and go back to normal
friendship if they were to say no
however this method does not always work
for everyone that's for sure chat with a
friend about how you're both busy at
work or haven't had any luck lately with
serious relationships these things are a
great segue into having some casual sex
to meet your needs sometimes it's best
to just say something like we both have
needs and I feel like I can trust you so
if you ever need anything physically or
emotionally just call me I'm here for
you sometimes it's nice to just cuddle
someone you care about of the opposite
sex and as we all know spooning leads to
forking for King you can also just ask
your friend casually if casual
relationships are something they would
be interested in if they trusted the
person ie you and you can just outright
ask if they find you attractive
in casual relationships especially it's
definitely important to establish firm
boundaries and be 100% open about what
you want yes even if it's awkward
it may be easier said than done but
nevertheless it must be done try
practicing in the mirror or if that
fails try sending the first flirtiness
through a text I've even used this
method it's so much easier to just hit
Send and you can revise what you say so
that it's perfect
sex can be an awkward topic but if you
act with confidence and you're honest
the weirdness has overcome pretty
quickly practice makes perfect and
there's no reason to dwell on bad
results that's only gonna make your
performance when the time comes worse
and less carefree and fun which is what
sex should be trust me sex with each new
partner is a unique experience and the
anxiety never really goes away but
you'll do just fine
awkward sex happens who cares and it's
not just awkward when you're about to
lose your virginity it's potentially
awkward your entire life if all else
fails have a drink or two prior with
your partner to lower anxiety and get
rid of inhibitions and that is my last
tip but remember don't drink too much
because that can make you impotent
nobody wants their penis to not work
nobody wants to be thrown up on and you
don't want the health risks and social
risks involved with drinking way too
much it's just not healthy don't do it
sex is fun don't make it work in the end
just go with your gut go with your
passion and fucking just do it do it and
if you don't right now eventually you'll
find someone who matches your enthusiasm
for sex don't give up and when you find
them it will be fucking magic pun
intended fucking magic like the fucking
is magic whatever alright guys I hope
you enjoyed this let me know if it was
helpful and let me know which topic you
want me to tackle in next week's sex ed
with Tara
well the week after next do you know
what I mean I hope you guys enjoyed this
series and I hope you get something out
of it like the video subscribe to the
channel
ignore my boxes I got a little bit more
than I deserved for this week's Friday
night mail which will be coming out
tomorrow
so if you want to see what's in these
boxes stay tuned and please check out my
gaming channel at youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games and my livestream at
twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock I fucking
love you guys and I want you to have the
great sex that I have on a daily basis
and as always keep fucking what bite
