and it can get me off within seconds so
who cares why not do your own thing and
let them say what they want what's up
guys welcome to a fun and sexy review
today we're gonna be reviewing the
thanks personal massager this is gonna
be a little bit different of a review
than most of my sex toy reviews because
this massager is actually marketed as a
regular back massager that can also be
used for feminine clitoral stimulation
and on top of that being a reason why
it's a little bit different I've also
had about a week of sickness to try this
baby out so this is gonna be more of an
in-depth review about the product rather
than just an unboxing we're also gonna
be unboxing hold on a silver version and
I'm giving away four of each color
before we get started I want to thank
thanks e for sponsoring this review
sending me these products and giving me
a promo code which I'll link down in the
description so you guys can get I think
ten percent off and it's through I think
December 28th so this is a great
Christmas gift as a gag gift for someone
a sex toy for your significant other or
just a back massager for someone I don't
know what devices like this are more
famous for massaging your back or
stimulating your clitoris but I do know
when I use mine for more anyway if you
guys want to sign up for the giveaway
link will be in the description as well
as the links to the products the codes
and any information you want to know
about this product if you're interested
in buying it for yourself or for a loved
one this Christmas season okay so I've
had about a week as I said to try this
product out and I actually kind of liked
it I've been using it non-stop
everytime I masturbate in the last week
and one thing I don't like about it
let's just start off with the negatives
one thing I don't like about it is that
it's really big it's marketed as
portable but at the same time I'm
thinking is this really that portable I
mean you could put it in your carry-on
luggage or in your stowaway luggage when
you're traveling but it would add on
like I would say two extra pounds
another thing I don't like about it is
if you're using it as a sex toy and the
people in your house might think it's a
sex toy because it kind of looks like
one it is quite loud in my opinion this
is not meant as something that's
supposed to be travel size it's not
meant as something that's supposed to be
discreet but the thing I do really love
about this product is that I've never
seen one of these that charges via USB
and it doesn't plug into the wall if
even you likes it so this product has
seven different modes in each mode has
four different intensities or speeds
that's something I like a lot because
sometimes I don't want just too full on
just stimulate
the entire time sometimes I want visit
mrs. boost or something in between just
so we know most of this video is gonna
be talking about this product in terms
of the sex toy not the massager although
I have used these on occasion for Jay
and he seems to like it as long as it's
not on the neck or near the base of the
spine because it makes your head feel
kind of too shaky but it is really nice
on a sore back on your muscles and on
this one in particular the head is
flexible so you can push harder without
it feeling too abrasive on your back
anyway back to the sex talk I don't have
any problem being discreet because
everyone in the household knows that I
masturbate in fact the only other person
in the household is usually masturbating
with me but it is a little bit
off-putting when you're trying to watch
porn or you're trying to engage with
your partner or you're trying to not
wake up the whole house with it being as
loud as it is that being said the
intensity of the vibration is very
strong so if you're looking for
something that just rocks your boat
right away and can get you off instantly
I definitely recommend trying one of
these back massagers as a clitoral
stimulation device you can use it on
your balls too but definitely it's more
geared toward women another thing I like
about this is the design it's a really
sleek it's really beautiful you kind of
don't really know what it is it honestly
looks like something from wall-e it's
got an opalescent coat of paint that's
really soft it's got chrome here nothing
feels cheap or plasticky which I like a
lot and it's got the water-resistant
plugin in the bottom it's got the on
button and the plus button and that's it
which in my opinion is kind of annoying
because if I skip something that I like
I can't go back to it and with so many
settings that can often be a hassle to
try to find the perfect setting or to
explore settings without going like okay
this works I don't know how to go back
and I don't know which one I even liked
so I don't even know how I'm doing this
I get that feeling sometimes when I'm
sifting through the different features
the black design here is a really good
grip it's got like a diamond print and
then has like a really pretty like royal
I don't I don't know how to explain it's
a really posh print definitely a
beautiful product it feels very sturdy
as I said it is a little heavy but you
really feel like you're getting a badass
product the way I use this when I
masturbate as I put this part above my
clitoris because literally any vibration
from this is a little bit too much for
directly on top of the clitoris and it
can get me off within seconds like most
good vibrators can but these ones in
particular the back massager wants so
fucking good and if you're looking for a
back massager one it doesn't have a
fucking cord which I've never seen
before that's like the highlight of this
I would say it'll get you off it'll
massage your back
it'll massage your friends back and it's
a good
I'm actually pretty happy to have these
in both colors I'm really bad at
charging my sex toys so when a sex toy
dies I like having extras honestly but
yeah I would give this thing maybe a
three out of five for back massages like
this the SS clitoral stimulation I would
give it a five out of five I think this
is the best one I've ever seen highest
quality sleekest most beautiful and the
most settings usually these have like
four settings cuz it's just for your
back and it's intensity based not a
vibration pattern very solid as a sex
toy and I would say best-in-class for
this kind of sex toy or back massager
now let's go ahead and unbox a gray one
so you can see the other color and how
the packaging will come straight to you
it's got a hygienic plastic over wrap as
all sex toys do very nice sleek
packaging it says Fang C on the front
personal massager discreet so if you're
buying this for yourself but you don't
want people to know that you're gonna
use it as a sex toy the packaging will
not at all give it away on the sides it
says I don't know there's a picture of a
diamond it says seven different
functions and the little head is
body-safe silicone so you don't have to
worry about any of the silicone breaking
down or hurting you as long as you're
not allergic to silicone you should be
good
slide the product out of the over wrap
and we have just a nice sleek black box
very sturdy very standard and this is
what it looks like inside we've got the
foam cut away with the massager sitting
comfortably inside this what actually
matches my onesie better I like it if
you like the silicone this one's even
softer than the black one maybe it's
because it's all dusted up because it's
brand new and I've been using this one
for a week
I don't know haven't seen any wear or
tear but that's expected because this
only been a week and here are the two
colors but I think it also comes in
other colors like pink and purple which
you can see underneath here because it
also comes with a little Quick Start
Guide which is basically all you need it
says it takes about four hours for it to
be a hundred percent charged and on the
back it tells you how to operate it so
you hold it for two seconds to turn it
on it has seven different patterns and
the way you sift through them is you
press the power button again after it's
already on and then the intensity can be
improved with the plus button very easy
to take care of very easy to wash
because it's water resistance wipe it
clean the thing I love about body-safe
silicone or like medical grade silicone
is that it's really
to clean stuff doesn't get stuck to it
like you've seen some of the jelly
dildos that I have or the ones that you
can buy it like Spencer's and stuff it
gets a lot of really gross junk on it
and it's impossible to wash off with
this simple wipe will do or just a rinse
under the faucets will get any of those
juices off and you can also use the
massager with any oils you want to use
so here's a story about these kinds of
massagers and me story some of you
probably have heard before but I never
really thought that something this big
and this loud and this vibrate II could
ever make me get off I thought it was
kind of overkill and you're just
reaching for some way to get off at that
point you know like it wasn't ideal and
then I was over at a guy's house that I
was sleeping with and he had one of
these and he offered it to me as a way
to get off and I was like okay I'll try
it I got off so hard instantly and after
that I got off like three or four more
times and at that point I was so raw
that I was like oh that's another thing
these are so intense
you can turn down the intensity but
they're so intense that it can leave you
source would be careful how many times
you climax or how hard you hit your
clitoris with this I don't mean actually
hitting your clitoris although you could
use this if you're not pro-gun like I am
you can also use this as house defense
for if anyone sneaks in during the night
you could just whomp home over the head
with this and guaranteed to leave a
concussion and that statement has not
been approved by fancy or the FDA just
my personal opinion and assessments
anyway it does come with a bag the bag
is really cool because it's like I don't
know how to explain it it's like those
non fabric bags that are still fabric
it's like almost like a raincoat so it's
got a waterproof bag that's really cool
I love the bag this is probably my
favorite bag
I like the velour bags and the velvet
bags but for some reason the raincoats
umbrella it just feels like a
high-quality raincoat I don't explain it
this is really cool I like it
and it definitely fits the large size so
if you don't want to use it for this you
can use it for like three or four sex
toys and the last thing that's in the
box here is the charging cable the
charging cable standard little headphone
jack looking thing that's a little bit
smaller you just stick it in the bottom
here you actually just stick it through
it's really weird that's how they charge
and keep it waterproof by pushing
through the silicone here on the bottom
plug it into any USB port with power
wall your laptop what have you and
you'll have charges about four hours as
I said alright guys the fun part I'm
giving away four black ones and four
gray ones thank you so much Banksy
person
merchandise I can actually send out to
my viewers that's so awesome
so you guys will have to be 18 plus to
get this just because it doubles as a
sex toy but you can send it for the
giveaway in the description if you want
to buy one of these yourself the link to
it on Amazon will be in the description
as well with that 10% off coupon code
and I've heard through the grapevine
well actually directly through my fancy
contact that there might be another 15%
off coupon code as well in the near
future I'll let you guys know if it's
down in the description go ahead and use
them both I do think the 10% off code
expires at the end of December though so
get it as a Christmas gift or a
Christmas gift to yourself I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I do like the
product I am currently using it as my
main sex toy but girls if you have not
tried a massager especially one excuse
this on your clitoris you are missing
out I wish I could go back in time and
tell my younger self that because this
would have been a way more easy to
obtain version of a sex toy back when I
started the masturbating but was
underage don't don't take that as advice
or anything just forget I said anything
all right guys I'm very happy to be back
thank you so much for watching like the
video and subscribe to the channel if
you enjoyed don't forget to check out my
sponsor and the links to the products
down in the description take advantage
of the coupon code and sign up for the
giveaway if you want one of these you
could be a man or a woman you could want
it for yourself or someone else and
don't forget to use a valid email
address I'm pointing at you with it
let's see how loud we can get these
double-fisting oh I didn't even notice
on the black one because it's black
there's actually a blue LED letting you
know that the song too and in summation
the highlight of this product is the
look the fact that it doubles as a back
massager and the fact that it's the only
one of these I've ever seen
that not only does not plug into the
wall and is super cumbersome and
annoying but I haven't had to charge it
in the whole like week and a half that
I've been using it so that's cool too
you don't expect things like this with
so much power to hold a charge alright
guys I'll see you in the next video
which may or may not be just Friday
night male depends on how quickly I can
get another video edited I am getting a
later start this week because I did
spend 26 hours yesterday playing
castlevania lords of shadow so yeah
priorities thanks again - thanks you for
sponsoring this video and sending me
this awesome loot - said to you guys
that Eve is now sniffing bye guys
