superfluous fanservice hey guys so a
couple of days ago I posted a video
without makeup now the point of the
video was not to show myself without
makeup because I do that often on
Instagram at Tara Babcock but the point
was that I wanted to talk about a topic
I had been thinking about that instant
without waiting until I was ready to do
videos so I just happened to not have
makeup on anyway I got an overwhelming
amount of negative comments about me
without makeup so I decided to upload
some extra fanservice on my upload day
off showcasing me without makeup once
again and hopefully this time with a
little bit better lighting because last
time the lighting completely blew out my
features it's exciting to find new
lighting possibilities anyway normally
fanservice comes with the message that
you should have both your sexuality but
other than that has nothing to offer
other than gratuitous fanservice
this time I come with an extra message
superfluous fanservice superfluous
message you guys should love every
version of yourself whether it's the
dolled up version or the clean face
version and there's no reason why you
shouldn't feel sexy when you're clean
faced also fuck what other people say
because despite all the negative
comments I fucking love the way I look
do things for yourself and yourself only
if you're gonna make changes make
changes because you want to in a healthy
mindset and because of no one else's
suggestions or bullying learn to love
yourself if you don't like something
about yourself change it if you can't
know that it is what makes you uniquely
you there's no one else in the world
like you and there's no reason for you
to spend your one life that you get
unhappy anyway I say we cue some sexy
makeup lust fanservice yeah yeah
you
you
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
extra fanservice and I hope you guys got
the message there are a lot of people
out there that change their bodies
through reasons other than their own and
struggle with a lot of body issues a lot
of overcoming that isn't changing
yourself it's changing how you think I
don't always have sex dolled up and I'm
not always dolled up when I feel sexy
when I go out and get a nice tan and
have nothing on but lip balm I pretty
much feel just as great as when I'm
completely dolled up fuck what others
say alright guys I just want to let you
know that I love you and I love myself
because of course you shouldn't be
loving anyone else if you don't love
yourself some might say you even can't
like the video subscribe to the channel
and I'll see you this Friday with Friday
night mail and next Friday with a real
fan service Friday mwah
