it's that time again I have a new shit
Tara says and guess who did this one yep
it's just Nicolas else again I should
probably take the just out of there
because this man is a fucking god this
one is a must watch it is the sexiest
moments from my fnm series Friday night
male and it is fucking hilarious
also I wanted to let you guys know that
Nicolas sell stock actually has a tumblr
and he also started his own patreon
campaign which I am already pledged to
because I want to support his free
content so you can check in the
description for both of those links
Nicolas does all the gifts that you see
of me and he does gifts of other porn
stars wrestlers and even hot male actors
and funny moments from television and
movies he's just an all-around great
content creator so definitely post in
the comments how much you appreciate
this and you critiqued you have and what
you like about the video because he will
be reading enjoy I am fuckin hyped about
this this is the first day I've ever
tried 5-hour energy and so I'm gonna be
a little hyper and it's gonna be a lot
more fun so let's do it so what do you
think
don't hate on my woman beard okay so
it's a little loose but it is tight on
my boobs which is a good thing let's put
the hood on and see how cute I look as a
Pikachu this was kind of hard to tie I
did not know if it was gonna be so
difficult to keep my boo-boo shoes in
here this is awesome I am liking this
outfit okay so I think this is pretty
hot don't you let's put on glasses for
effect
oh my god that's awesome
Oh
oh yeah what the fuck
why have I shaved my balls but not my
pelvis don't look at my penis
do you like my my Cthulhu penis do you
like that because you guys enjoy that
are you fucking kidding me eight and a
half inch girth twelve massive inches oh
yeah my giant pink dildo thank you I
want to put it in the back of like every
one of my videos
hahahahaha holy fucking shit thank you
for sending me my first black penis
black Yoshi that's racist I wonder if he
has the biggest dick your dick on a hot
dog your dick as a banana your dick as
the Loch Ness monster Gyarados
your dick as this unfortunate
firefighters hose should put your dick
through this and there's like pee on
people be fucking awesome
your dick as ow your dick got pierced
your dick as the nose of this alien your
dick as what this cowboy's riding and
having way too much fun doing and you're
super buff and you work out and you're
supposed to put your photo there and
then put your penis there and your penis
takes up literally your whole fucking
pelvic region oh isn't that hot guys oh
yeah don't you want to just did you just
get in there oh I like really thick
that's what she said okay so I'm gonna
I'm gonna cover and show you this black
dude it has a very long long and yes I
need to cover like most of this page oh
my god
in the matter we can build a snowman and
we'll pretend that he is Shao Kahn he'll
say are you married I'll say no man
it'll push my head in the snow break me
from behind later on will conspire to
overthrow the government as we dream by
the fire to face unafraid getting laid
just fucking look at him the kini clad
motherfucking Shao Kahn for the rest of
this video I've decided we got my box
again I can't really see much other than
the fact that hopefully my tips are
still in the bra but fucking Shao Kahn's
cock in my face I have the strength of
3,000 men oh no she did oh yes she did
no she did yes she did no she datacite
that Peter I just saw it alright take it
easy
I think this is a one-handed this is a
one-handed weapon one-hand weapon
definitely for sure for someone who can
pick this up
definitely one-handed I guess it's just
me because I must be so incredibly
strong but that's why I can do this
one-handed oh I like hit my fucking fan
up there that's crazy
thank you so much Renton library for
sending me this I'm glad to know that I
was thought of wait a minute
box holder box holder is my fucking name
like I'm just some kind of random person
who has a box that's a fucked up shit
right there
fuck you Renton library oh my god oh oh
my god it's oh dude oh my god oh my god
holy fucking cocksucker fuck oh my god
it's the marauding manga oh my god on
the back there's some big titties I
fucking love it
oh my god she's sitting on a guy's dick
and they're like kind of censoring his
dick but not really and then she's just
enjoying it and he's like licking her
pussy or something and she's like
dripping wet so many juices flowing from
her vagina it's just the craziest thing
ever and a motherfucking shake weight oh
my god Hey ladies are you looking for a
better workout stupid commercial he was
reducing the shake weight a
spring-loaded workout device you pump it
your arms just grab the piston and go to
work one-handed or double-fisted
now and will include the optional heart
rate monitors just put your finger in
the tester and Shake Weight takes the
phone get yours today
oh man yeah that is hot oh wow well
that's good oh that's it
channel blocked the help okay the first
one says hi Tara enjoy your gift from
mark the second thing says hi Tara enjoy
your gift from mark mark you need to be
a little bit more creative Jesus Christ
gutters oh yeah I've been asking for
these because you know my eyes get all
red and shit because I always am looking
into bright lights when I'm streaming
playing video games vagina making videos
having sex with your mom you know that
kind of thing if you ever see me on the
street girl hi oh say hi come on give me
cum laughs we'll make out and stuff
gonna be full of anthrax I know it I've
got herpes yeah I do not have anthrax I
do not have answers of course it all
have answers don't send me and Rex if I
were a panda we would have no extinction
problems because I'm for panda fucking
mhm
about music all them folk I'm talking
about
on the back it shows you a picture of
his ass he's got a very nice ass I
wonder I wonder if he's like in the
position to twerk right now you see that
it's working piccolo oh my god who wants
to watch me pee I know you do private
time that what full 1080p HD next box
thing we have here is obviously a ps4
game let's open this though Gear Solid 5
Ground zeroes I'm shit I dropped it yeah
okay now we have like an actual package
that's gonna take effort to open in the
meadow we can build a snowman
and we'll pretend that he is Shao Kahn
he'll say are you married I'll say no
man it'll push my head in the snow break
me from behind later on will conspire to
overthrow the government as we dream by
the fire to face unafraid getting laid
walking in Seattle the barely has snow
ever who the fuck sent me this penis it
doesn't say
