hey guys so I'm gonna do something that
I have never done before I was getting
ready to do makeup I put on my primer
and all I could think about was this
topic video that I wanted to do and that
is relating to the comment that people
will often post about me saying that I
am insecure because I get a lot of
plastic surgeries or wear makeup and the
way the reason that I'm doing these
things is because I'm brainwashed by
society and I didn't really know what to
title the video and that's kind of what
made me not cover it but I just
immediately thought of the perfect title
and that's brainwashed by society right
like that's an interesting title that
people might you know want to actually
click on and read about so I'm sitting
there about to do my makeup and all I'm
thinking about is what I'm gonna say in
this video and um I want to tell you
guys today why I don't think I'm
brainwashed by society but before I want
to preface this by saying I think almost
everyone or everyone is influenced by
their surroundings their upbringing and
then there's a little bit there of just
their personality that's like ingrained
in them for whatever reason so it is
very possible that I am wrong about this
but I feel strongly about this and I'm
gonna tell you why I don't think that
the reason I want to look the way I do
or the reason that I enjoy you know
improving myself a lot has to do a
society because when I was growing up
the most popular thing was like
Destiny's Child and I think Jennifer
Lopez and the only like real pop star
that was in the in the you know public
eye or whatever was Britney Spears and
back then it was like the hit me baby
one more time Britney Spears who had
like brown hair and tan skin right so
that wasn't the epitome of what I prefer
to look like as a platinum blonde with
you know big lips and big tits and
fakeness everywhere and stuff so I grew
up in a very multicultural community
where there were not many white people I
did not see many white people and I
didn't see many white people in the
media because of the kind of like black
culture type of thing where everyone's
into rap and hip-hop right and not many
people were into pop I tried my best to
get into stuff like that and I tried my
best to see all of these women that my
friends thought were beautiful is
beautiful but to me it just didn't work
out
my parents also had an influence on me
at a young age to think outside the box
and to make my own opinions and to go my
own path and that was something that it
resonated very strongly with me because
from a young age I was programmed kind
of as you guys are saying that I am to
make my own decisions rather than
growing up thinking that what my friends
like I have to like and my parents grew
had me growing up with Pink Floyd and
fucking so many like Monty Python movies
and TV shows and Fawlty Towers stuff
like that so like I had John Cleese
humor and I really loved classic rock
and that was just my thing and all of my
friends thought I was weird and I was
like really into Pokemon when I was
younger too so I've always been someone
who's very different from the norm now
people say that I want to look like a
fake big-titted plastic blonde because
of the media but my entire life my
entire existence that has not been what
is popular in the media for instance
right now the popular thing is to be
natural and to you know be kind of mixed
like mixed is very beautiful right now
and I'm not denying that you know some
mixed people are extremely beautiful but
it's not what I want for myself because
what I do is I look at my own canvas
right and if I was gonna do this yeah I
was gonna do this for someone else I
would look at their canvas and I would
be like okay that is your natural beauty
and everyone is not has natural beauty
and it's naturally beautiful even if
they're not taking care of themselves
right now like think about like a crack
addict if they had just if they just
clean themselves up and have proper
hygiene and live a healthy lifestyle
they could get back to their natural
canvas which is naturally beautiful but
it isn't each person's ideal and in my
opinion I want to reach my ideal in the
same way that someone would want to
collect something or soup up a car or do
some kind of arts I see my face and my
body as like the most important canvas
in the world because I'm attached to
this canvas like this is my body and
it's the one body that I get in my
entire life so for me it's scientific
like proportions I have like a perfect
idea of the facial proportions for me
and I can you know devise one for
someone else but I don't really compare
myself to others and the
why I think I'm so different from people
who are fueled by society telling them
that this is beautiful and that's
beautiful
is I don't have the insecurities or at
least the perceived insecurities that a
lot of people have these people will
often get a boob implant surgery because
their job tells them to or because their
boyfriend says it would be sexy or like
jerks off to like these girls with big
tits or whatever and like I would never
do anything to my body that I am NOT a
hundred percent about for myself like
there are things that Jay doesn't want
me to do that I do because I'm like this
is what I feel is the most beautiful and
Jay is usually just kind of nonchalant
doesn't give a shit about whatever the
fuck I do but there are some things
where he's like you know you look silly
and I'm like I love it it's great and
it's all the stuff that I do now people
say I'm insecure because I put on makeup
every day or whatever and obviously
today I am not so that kind of refutes
that in itself and I post so many
pictures on Instagram of myself you know
fully fresh-faced with no editing or
anything so I have no problem with that
I love every version of myself and the
fact that there is more than one version
of myself is so exhilarating and so much
fun and that it's just like a hobby to
me and it makes sense to perfect
yourself inside and out because you only
get one fucking life why would you not
be a hedonist why would you not do the
things that you want to do why would you
not indulge in the beautiful intricacies
of life that life is handing to you and
allowing you to do if you have the means
to do so and I do so why would I not you
know what I'm saying and I when I am NOT
in makeup or if I didn't have my fake
boobs when I didn't have my fake boobs
like I was never down on myself I was
never like oh I'm so disgusting I don't
want to do anything I was never ashamed
of anything I would never be insecure
you know it was just like oh I'm on the
road to what exactly I want to look like
and the argument that people say like oh
well I don't appreciate my you know my
natural look because I want to change
what God gave me first of all I'm
obviously an atheist so that what God
gave me bullshit is just like so stupid
to me but are you really trying to tell
me that everyone was created to
physically embody how they feel on the
inside as a person
like that should it should just be so
irrelevant and it's so funny that you
know if you feel like you really like
blue hair and you really want to make a
statement by having blue hair you should
fucking have blue hair it doesn't matter
that you weren't born with blue hair
it's just something fun and something
interesting and something cute to do
with yourself and it's an impressive
improvement and an adventure that's fun
and a lot of people see it as some kind
of like a vapid vain ridiculous thing
but the hilarious hypocrisy with society
is that people say oh she's so vapid
she's so vain she's so into herself
because she's caring so much about the
way she looks but they're judging me
based on the way I look so they are the
ones that are preoccupied with the way I
look whereas I just see it as one facet
of who I am as a person like I have my
look which has nothing to do with the
fact that I like video games which has
nothing to do with the fact that you
know I grew up with both of my parents
in the house and never had any daddy
issues like all of that stuff is just
separate it's just little instances of
me and they all make me and people on
the outside who are judging me based on
the way I look are saying all she is as
her looks when that's not at all true
obviously I also have you know an insane
amount of video games that I enjoy
playing I have like interest in reading
manga I'm trying to think of other
things I have a lot of like really I'm a
jack of all trades but a master of none
which is like everyone says that but I
really am like I can I can so I can edit
I can do HTML and CSS I just have a
bunch of little things that I can do
because I enjoy learning and I enjoy
being able to do things even though I
don't have the time to master anything
and like those so many different things
about me and different details about my
life that make up who I am and its of no
consequence that I just happened to also
like the look that I am creating for
myself and so that's why I don't feel
like I am a product of mice as parts of
my society or a product of people
telling me how to look like when people
said that the skinniest skinny was the
hottest I'm like no I like you know
skinny curvy with this exact amount of
abs and you know I like facial
proportions to be like the nose is
really small you can barely see it and
then big lips and big eyes and that like
proportionally is just so beautiful to
me and I'm working toward that and when
I'm not there
I'm not insecure I'm happy with myself
and I love myself and when I'm there I'm
just gonna be you know more excited that
I reached the goal and that's how it is
to me and I feel like if you're gonna
improve yourself you need to first love
yourself you shouldn't be improving
yourself to love yourself because that's
not what its gonna make you love
yourself you need to love yourself on
the inside before you should endeavour
upon ever doing anything for your
appearance because your appearance is
purely superficial purely artistic
purely just for fun it shouldn't be
something that mirrors who you are on
the inside and it shouldn't be something
that you know changes who you are as a
person or like I can't live without
having the fake boobs I can't live
without being beautiful I can't live
without having makeup on and it's so
ridiculous to say that I'm trying to be
with society you know thinks it's
beautiful when everyone has a different
version of what thinks what they think
is beautiful I'm sorry I'm stuttering a
lot okay I go a little bit too fast in
my brain for my mouth and my mouth gets
all tripped up trying to get everything
out at once and then if I don't go as
fast with my mouth as my brain is going
then my brain gets ahead and forgets
what it was doing for the talking part
if that makes any sense like it happens
to me all the time I really wish I could
just write things down because I feel so
much more comfortable having a lot of
time to formulate opinions and stuff but
I feel like it's more personal to just
sit here and talk to you guys and I was
so passionate about talking about this
topic that I just I was like fuck it
make it makeup can happen after I'm
gonna go do this topic and I hope you
guys enjoyed it and hopefully it was
formulated well I I think it was good I
had another point at the end here that I
was gonna go after but I'm not quite
sure what it was
oh yeah people who people always say
like dress a certain way so you can gain
respect like if I dressed as a
businesswoman I would be more respected
than if I have you know this sexy lacy
tank top and my bra out or whatever the
fuck you know like that doesn't make any
sense to me because a person in a
business suit is trying to make you
think that they're professional and
therefore they have that cover to be
murderers if they want you there are
plenty people of plenty of people in
business suits that are murderers like
most of the serial killers will not most
but a lot of the serial killers that
they have existed
have this perfect front of a great home
life and their pillars in their
community and that doesn't mean anything
why would you give respect to people
before you actually know them like I
believe that the only respect you should
give another human being who you don't
know is the very basic respect that you
are another human and I won't try to
trample on your hopes and dreams and
that's all you should be giving people
you don't know but aside from that
respect is about trust it's earned it's
not something that you can just get
through how I dress and I am probably
more of a moral person and more of a
good person than a lot of people who try
to dissuade you from actually seeing
their true intentions like businessmen
who are fucking people over and you know
slumlords who are dressing to you know
try to look like they're professional
when really they're like skimming money
off of their tenants and like there are
just so many other ways to gauge respect
rather than just like what style you
like and what clothes you like to wear
that really doesn't mean anything like
sometimes stereotypes do stereo tips ooh
Surrey types do exist but you know you
can clearly just tell when there's an
exception to the rule and it shouldn't
just be based on how they look so I
would rather dress how I feel sexy and
how I feel happy and to my style then to
dress a way that will make a bunch of
really stupid people think that they
should have some kind of unwarranted
respect for me so yeah like the video
subscribe to the channel I hope you guys
enjoyed this subscribe for my ponytail
and my fresh face paleness awfulness but
i feel so nice sometimes when i put my
my primer on and then my face is like
because the primer it's like a nice base
for my foundation and that's like my
face is so smooth i love it alright guys
i hope you enjoyed this and i think this
is the first time with my professional
camera that I've done a fresh
fresh-faced vlog so I hope you enjoyed
know and do I like my makeup self better
yeah it feels more like me it feels more
like what I want to look like but am i
sad showing you guys this am i ashamed
fuck no I have a great base and I have a
beautiful face and I love my proportions
and I love
far I've come so if you don't think so
who cares right
that's just how you should be bye guys
