hey guys it's been a while since I've
done one of those really fun really
sexual topics so today we're going to
talk about titty-fucking and this isn't
going to be in one of my sex ed videos
because it's more based on theory in my
opinions and what I believe to be true
rather than actual facts and with the
sex ed series as much as you guys would
like to not believe it I'm definitely
trying to teach people things because
people especially in the US are severely
lacking in the sexual education field
because everyone's teaching abstinence
or just really antiquated stupid shit
about sex and not actually teaching
people that sex is okay and natural and
stuff but anyway titty-fucking why do
you guys like it do most girls like it
do I like it let's cover this topic oh
and I'm doing this day because I'm
feeling a little hyper you know I gave
I'm going to be playing after this
showering with your dad simulator 2015
or something like that that's tricks one
of my viewers on Twitch sent me and I'm
like oh my god there's something I've
never wanted to do right there but I've
never wanted to play a game more in my
life it looks fucking amazing
it is like pixelated very retro looking
and when you go in the settings you can
choose nudity yes yeah hell yeah those
are the settings for nudity I'm in
anyway so titties fucking do I enjoy it
yes I do enjoy it but I can totally see
why the majority of women either don't
care for it or don't enjoy it and let me
try to explain to you guys why I'm going
to give you a little bit of insight onto
into the the female mind the female
sexual mind I guess you would say I'm
very different than most women in that I
am much more visual I'm much more like a
guy when it comes to sex I like you know
porn style sex I like watching porn I'm
very not jealous and I'm very open to
different things and for me lights on
seeing what's going on and being
dominated is something I'm really into
so with that said the reason I like city
fucking is because I get to get a penis
in between my tits which are very nice
and the penis is really close to my face
and I can like lick it while a guy is
enjoying my tits and that's something
visually that I really enjoy one thing I
don't enjoy about titty-fucking is that
I spray tan and if I've just spray
tanned like right now any kind of liquid
there or any kind of rubbing can rub off
my spray tan and honest to god a lot of
you guys are saying like what's wrong
with her tan occasionally or like why is
she so pale here and there and
not pale here well that's just because
of a sex session that I shouldn't have
had in the 6 hours after I'd spray tan
that's basically it so that's one reason
why I don't like titty-fucking another
thing is that this whole area is
erogenous it's an erogenous zone which
means that you can you know gain sexual
pleasure from stimulating this area
especially the nipples but when you're
titty-fucking you're kind of just like
rubbing in between the breasts and not
really simulating the nipples as much
obviously you can do some extra where
like you're holding the boobs together
to get you know more simulation on the
tits or the guys playing with the
nipples while he's holding them together
like all of these things can be
superfluous kind of sexual you know
chemistry that you get from that but
it's not really gonna do anything in the
way of giving an orgasm to a woman and
women have such a hard time like gaining
orgasms and sex as it is because men
either don't know that most of them need
clitoral stimulation or they really just
don't know how to pleasure their woman
and they think it's like stick it in
push it around wham bam thank you ma'am
type of thing another reason and this
reason follows along the same lines of
why a lot of women don't like giving
blowjobs and it's because it can be
degrading but for me I see a difference
between what I engage in in bed and what
I do in my normal life like how I want
to be treated and respected in my normal
life and I want to be disregarded and
degraded as much as possible in sex and
I want to be a normal human being in a
regular relationship and regular
friendships and regular Society you know
it's completely different and it's
totally fine to explore the opposite of
what you are in real life in sex because
that's what fantasies are made of you
know like trying things out that you've
never tried out before being a totally
different person it's kind of why like
girls like makeup and changing their
hair and you know dressing differently
because being a bunch of different
people is just really fun and really
exciting and it's exhilarating right so
I think men like titty-fucking because I
mean they get to stick their dick in
between a nice pair of tits and it's
very visual and you're touching tits and
you're also getting your dick stimulated
at the same time it's basically like
being able to play with tits with your
dick in between them while someone is
sucking your dick if that makes any
sense because that's kind
of what you're getting out of that and
also if a girl has big enough hits like
I do to titty fuck then all the merrier
right like we have big tits we have a
nice face we have a nice body it's just
extra visual stimulation in sex and it
just makes sense right guys like playing
with tits guys like getting their dicks
stimulated and it correct me if I'm
wrong if there are some of you guys in
the comments that don't like titty
fucking aren't really interested in
titty fucking or anything like that but
this is literally one of the most
questioned topics I get like seriously
people are like do girls really like
titty fucking do you like titty fucking
I love titty fucking can I tell you fuck
you like it's literally like the thing
that people ask me about the most so I
thought I would finally do a video on it
I don't think I've done a video in
detail on it before I feel like most
women don't really care for it because
as I've said before it just doesn't get
them to climax and most women are
fighting to get to climax like if you
give them a lot of foreplay beforehand
and then you get to the deed and she's
already like orgasm a few times and then
you're like hey I would like to say to
fuck you like most of them will say yes
and do it for you but it's not really
something that stimulates them because
women are more they're more sensual as
like not as a whole but like generally
you know this is like a general thing
like the most of the women I've met and
the stereotype of a woman and you know
how women function you know
psychologically and sexually is just a
little bit different than men because of
their biology or because of the way they
were raised you know a lot of the
reasons why women are the way that they
are is because societal norms and how
they were raised and what they're told
is right and wrong
so girls do deviate from this and girls
will have more testosterone than another
girl and maybe be more manly than
another girl in terms of sexual desire
and that's kind of where I am you know
because I like a bunch of different
things that a lot of women are like
that's not a lot of fun and then I get a
lot of comments on these sexual videos
where people are like oh she's just
doing this for views or women are saying
there was this one that I remember the
most where some girl was like if any
girl says that she enjoys swallowing cum
she's a liar and that was just like
insanely close-minded to me cuz like
yeah you clearly don't enjoy swallowing
cum that's fine but I fucking do and I
promise you I do and you can ask all
myself
partners I definitely do that's
something I enjoy it's something that
tastes really good to me and it's crazy
that people don't understand that
everyone is different so when I say
something that sounds like a
generalization that's all it is it
doesn't mean that I think that the whole
of women's society is one way and I am
different okay so hopefully that makes
sense
demographics may have generalizations
attached to them or stereotypes attached
to them and they're there because they
often ring true but they are there are
exceptions to the rule obviously so um I
feel like if you want your girl to get
more into titty-fucking you should play
with her nipples more simulate her
nipples more do it in a more sensual way
rather than just kind of going in there
with no Lube and just rubbing her chest
raw like that kind of thing I can
understand it would be kind of a
turn-off to the whole situation to the
whole experience of trying to get titty
fucked right um i think when i when i
had smaller tits i also engaged in teddy
fucking like before i got my implants i
got my implants at 18 or 19 so i was
having sex before then and you can still
titty fuck with smaller tits it's just
like they don't actually consume the
whole penis they don't like it - like
fold around the whole penis you know and
make for like a vagina type shape around
the penis it's just kind of like rubbing
around on a smaller chest and you're
like pushing your tiny titties together
and like trying to get as much on him as
possible and it's still enjoyable for
the guy at least the guys that i've done
it with and it's all about just like
kind of dominating a girl with your dick
and just rubbing your dick on a girl
like rubbing your dick anywhere is great
and if there's like a crevice on a girl
that you can put it in definitely go for
it she'll probably be like ah whatever
but if you can get her into it by being
a little more friendly to the female
orgasm that makes any sense
so nipple stimulation stimulating the
vagina beforehand it is kind of sad that
a lot of women aren't going to be as
attracted to it because they don't like
understand the visual aspect but if you
can give a little you're going to get a
little if that makes any sense and you
know props to all the women out there
that aren't that interested in certain
things like giving head or you know
titty fucking and stuff but they're
still doing it for their man because i
wholeheartedly
leave that if you're going to engage in
a sexual relationship you should try
your best to be open-minded and please
your partner I'm definitely a pleaser
more than a receiver it's really easy
for me to come if I'm pleasing the more
you look pleased the easier it is for me
to come and orgasming is like six parts
emotional and psychological and four
parts physical so even if you're doing
something right if you're in a bad mood
you might not come if you're doing
nothing right at all but you're just in
the right mindset you might come like
that just how it works especially with
women because women are much more
emotional than men and I find myself not
being as emotional like I can get in the
mood like with anything basically but
titty-fucking is a yes will you get your
girlfriend to do it probably if you give
a little well I do it definitely I
really enjoy doing it
I feel like having a dick anywhere near
my body or my face is just a turn-on for
me and titty fucking with my big tits
that I paid for it's really great other
than that I hope this has been a really
interesting video for you let me know
any other sexual comments or sexual
topics that I haven't covered yet
because I love doing the sexual topic
every once in a while especially when
I'm feeling kind of giddy and woo like I
am today and I'm just like excited to
play video games and excited to do more
content and stuff and I'm excited that I
got a spray tan today everything's just
exciting you know there's some of those
days where you just wake up and I think
add some pre-workout today some like
energizing pre-workout and that probably
helped with it I did some jump roping
and a bunch of other things but yeah
titty-fucking is good also one thing
that fit that fake tits are not as good
at is 2d fucking real big tits they just
like just like flop over the deck and
it's just like oh the whole dick is now
in a vagina that is completely soft and
amazing with me I have really like soft
fake tits like they're really like
squishy and soft so I can still do and
they're pretty big so I can still do
titty fucking really well but when you
have like this really small hard stuck
on tits that you see in porn often it
can be hard to you know successfully
titty fuck but still as I said if tits
aren't perfect for titty fucking ie
they're small or they're like really
hard and fake they will still do the job
because basically all the guy wants to
do is stick his dick between your tits
all right I mean tell me if I'm wrong
tell me if I'm wrong I'm probably not I
hope this was entertaining love you guys
don't forget to like
video subscribe to the channel and you
know suggest more sexual topics because
those are fun also non-sexual topics
because I like doing those I just did a
video recently on karma so if you're
interested in my thoughts on that alarm
the reason why I like talking about sex
is because not only do I enjoy sex but I
like the the philosophy and the theory
behind it like the behaviorism and the
psychology like why people like what
they like why people do what they do and
it's just so crazy to me that not that
many people are talking about you know
sexual things because they're so afraid
to talk about them and you know
obviously if you look down in the
comments there's a reason if people care
what other people think like most people
do I mean I don't but most people do
they see in the comments someone saying
oh you're a whore for talking about this
subject or no men will ever like you
again and they just kind of shut up
because they're like oh in this society
I'm not allowed to talk about this shit
but I don't give a fuck about that so
that's why the videos are so interesting
to film and to read the comments of and
to give to you guys so I will see you
guys soon love you oh happy teddy
fucking
