hey guys welcome to a new sample box
giveaway usually every month near the
end of the month i'll be giving away a
terrible sample box which is the exact
sample box to my specifications that i
was sent earlier that month so you can
try out my tastes which spoiler alert
are pretty damn good but this month as
this month was the month of love i'm
giving away some extra-special sample
box goodness let's open this bad boy up
show you what's inside and try out one
of the flavors from missile inside we
have a little greeting that says happy
Valentine's Day from the Essex team did
I forget to mention that these are Essex
liquids I guess so special edition
Valentine's Day ones take it off and we
have some cute polka dot crinkle paper
but what's really on the inside for love
themed Essex eliquid oh my god so cool
whoa they've got lips on them what I
think we should take an Instagram
picture of this
they should hire me as a photographer
know which one should we sample blue
eyes girlfriend romance or pink lips
well I have pink lips and blue eyes but
I'm not a girlfriend and I don't really
like romance so let's put him behind my
back blue eyes and pink lips which side
guys I'm mixing them up and not keeping
track all right I'm left-handed so we're
gonna go with blue eyes one thing i hate
about opening e-liquids is that it often
is difficult to get these open and then
i end up fucking up my nails which I
just did today we've got my
appropriately pink kangertech sub box
nano and we're gonna be trying out blue
eyes it matches my nails open this up
fill the little dropper alright that's
enough for a taste screw back on the
moment of truth that leaves a really
sweet taste in my mouth it's almost
exactly like it smells except it's kind
of perfume me and the taste isn't
perfume me which is great because
perfume tastes like chemicals one more
taste
do you want your special edition
Valentine's Day Essex liquids just click
the link in the description do all the
things you need to do and sign up and
remember I do the example box giveaways
once a month at the end of the month so
subscribe if you want more chances to
win free e liquids and as always if you
want to sign up for example box you can
get money off using my code Tara at
sample box calm and remember keep your
mind open and do your own research don't
believe the slander is Big Tobacco
Company bullshit vaping is infinitely
better for the world and smoking
cigarettes the world and you and me like
the video subscribe for more vape
unboxings and sample box giveaways among
all the other things at my channel
offers and smile happy post Valentine's
Day guys
