hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Tara Reid's comments because it is once
again the time every two weeks where I
have to make fun of the unfortunate
illiterate of the Internet in order to
make you guys smile you guys meaning the
people who actually support my contents
and whose brains are not made of
play-doh let the debauchery begin here
are the last two weeks what the fuck
moments from both of my channels
comments a streamer that doesn't try to
do a sexy voice isn't awesome and isn't
afraid to cuss nice I honestly didn't
know I wasn't awesome also waited
passive-aggressively confirmed my
suspicions that I do not have a sexy
voice every time people tell me I have a
sexy voice I'm like fuck you you liar ah
if you watched some of my videos from
like 2013 I was faking like a really
cutesy voice because I've always wanted
to have a girly voice but then I kind of
just fell in love with my voice because
I think it makes me sound smarter
although I do sometimes wish I was
shorter like this
no next bro you know what fuck you
my fat and I know I'm beautiful shut up
you have no idea what you are talking
about people can be fat and healthy and
people can be skinny and unhealthy do
you fucking know that people could get
hurt because of all the things you say
Oh keep your fucking opinions to
yourself far out you need to love
yourself no matter what size you are
there is no such thing as an ideal body
it's just a society making people feel
bad far out you're stupid I don't think
she knows what far out means also tells
me to keep my opinions to myself on my
own fucking channel and then continues
to spout off and a bunch of her own
opinions this fat is a winner you might
enjoy sex with a horse anything's
possible
I respect lazy Bain and gay people but
they need to stay the hell away from me
I mean a God made Adam and Eve not Adam
and Steve God made Adam and Eve but not
any guys named Steve interesting I don't
need to take up any more of this video
to explain how ridiculous that statement
is and how it does not hold up in any
rationale pretty sure God made all the
guys named Steve
God I like her last name Bab cock Bab
cock bla bla bla humma-nah humma-nah
suck suck suck I think she is on speed
this is your brain on drugs teehee I
like
I love holding girl's hair back when
they are puking so sexy she wants some
gum and we can make out surf the red
tide woohoo
fade to black what the fuck Tara your
lesbian Han didn't know that seems like
everyone else does did I miss something
did your space keep break or something
nude also no I'm not a lesbian but I do
play one in honey pop more accurately
I'm bisexual or pansexual no horse is
allowed you are so fucking fake and so
fucking disgusting your parents must be
very proud of you my parents are proud
of me they have a lot to be proud of
it's not projecting bro smells like
jealousy and it doesn't smell good your
channel died talk about sucking dick
again wrong channel bro this is the
gaming channel I have this burning
question how many times per day to you
queef I try to shoot 415 times seems
like the sweet spot yeah queefing
I got epilepsy because of your hair have
you guys heard about that Pokemon
episode that gave like over a hundred
people epilepsy on its premiere night
crazy shit I need my partner to beat up
my dad or I can't get aroused say no
more it's done if someone I was sleeping
with wanted me to beat up his dad or her
dad in order to become aroused I would
be down mourning bad puns oh my god I
love bad puns oh did you know that puns
are banned in China's advertisement and
on TV would not be able to live there
anyway
furry force assemble that's a nice
pussycat kitty got Milka okay Germans
should just stay away from puns usually
when someone says there's gonna be some
bad puns those are the puns I like but
these were just like factually bad puns
oh poor little German boy stick to being
logical and practical
you're not gonna jokes you are chest is
as flat as paper you need a boob job hon
what are they double A's I'm just gonna
put that one in there du J okay oh you
meant in the XCOM to character creator
drat I was getting excited this boob in'
says love what you had sex in the sixth
grade shit you are a whore
how is that relevant do you know what a
whore is someone who has sex with
strangers for
as a career that's like saying oh you
ate a whole candy bar
you sure are obese looks at the person
they're 140 pounds the internet Tara can
I please try your tips on you because I
was accused of punching a girl and it
went on my record as well as punching a
policeman and so now I am a lonely boy
just wanting to start a family
am I reading this right is he saying my
great sex tips made him get accused of
punching a girl not just punching a girl
also punching a cop how did this cop get
involved in your sex and other fucked is
donkey punching people especially cops
during sex get you starting a family
which is clearly your ultimate goal as
stated by your comments how about you
just don't punch girls or policemen
unless they ask you to any policeman out
there to watch my videos and either want
to be punched by me no damn in before
Tara starts a nudist lesbian ranch also
I'll be buying the property right beside
it and binocular rentals will be $30 an
hour hold on can you start a nudist
lesbian ranch in farming simulator 15 is
that a mod I would definitely be playing
more of that game will it to be a pretty
girl except the implants and bleach ruin
the vibe I'm guessing she's a russian
prostitute based on the slavic guy she's
with and the flat chest syndrome thing
be who you are freaks
reminds me of the hotforwords chick i
must be a russian prostitute because i
associated with a slavic guy sound
assumptions that was a really good
review you should defiantly review more
manga and defiantly Tara want to have
sex too with strangers
you are fucking hot really these
comments brought to you by a guy who's
named fav and gay TV it is true I too
want to have sex with strangers we have
something in common since we're on the
topic of a penis do you have a brother
if so what is his name saying his name
is John or something which would make
his whole name John Babcock now what is
his nickname because if I had the last
name Babcock my nickname would be big
cock for understandable reasons I'm an
only child the under Slayer wrote me a
poem or something I clicked on this
video there's nothing interesting going
on in my life I like this video my mind
is odd
I clicked like I accept
that I'm a weirdo I'm so subscribed I
accept that I enjoy your videos for odd
reasons why does it make you a weird
person to watch my videos
what kind of odd reasons could he have
for liking them I really like the way I
can hear you breathe okay I guess there
are some things that can be weird too
bad your brains around in your space
space silicon tits maybe you would make
some sense then you are on your knees is
your best side indeed that's what I do
agree with you you would make me happy
if you just shut up in your next video
so I can masturbate in peace it won't
work with you talking aside from the bad
grammar and spelling in this I'm
starting to take things like this where
people try to disrespect me and then and
say that they want to masturbate to me
it's like some kind of weird
role-playing sexual thing so now it's
actually kind of hot to me because I've
said many times before I separate what I
do in sex from what I do in real life
and my relationships so like I'm totally
fine with people disrespecting me in bed
so thanks for that arousing comments
I'll leave you guys with that don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel and keep posting weird shit
in the comments so I have fodder for
this series I really appreciate you
guys's support and viewership don't
forget to subscribe to the channel like
the video if you liked it and dislike it
if you don't
but this liking it does mean you're
illiterate because there doesn't lie to
Tara
god I'm so Fletch ested I really need to
get a boob job more in two weeks with
Tara Reid's comments see you then
queef number five of the day bye
