hey guys today I'm going to try to give
you advice on how not to be shy and how
to build up confidence so that you're
not shy I started doing this video a
while back and then it turned into a
video ranting about I don't Li like
interacting with the general public
because a lot of them are I feel
unintelligent or boring and so I don't
like engaging conversations with random
people that I meet out in the public
unless you know they have
like-mindedness so you know if someone
comes up to me and they're like oh I
like your work or something then I'm
definitely giving them hugs and I love
them and I generally like those people
because I feel like we already have
something in common and we're like
minded but if I'm like at a magic
tournament or at a grocery store and I
just kind of avoid those conversations
so anyway you can find that video if
you're interested in that but before I
go into this i'm going to say that i
don't claim to have any kind of like
amazing you know advice on this topic I
just feel like with a lot of other
topics I give a differing perspective
than most people have and therefore
giving you a different perspective might
actually help you see things differently
and kind of combat your shyness so
that's what I'm going to be offering
here today is my philosophy on why some
people are shy and what you can maybe do
to negate that a little bit hopefully
this is interesting and hopefully this
is a better video than my other attempt
because the last time I feel like I did
you guys dirty first I want to say if
you feel like you have debilitating
agoraphobia or something where you're
afraid to go outside or you can't be in
crowds and it's like something that you
can't use logic and rationale to
overcome at all then you should
definitely see a doctor I feel like if
you live in any of the first world's you
have the luxury of being able to go and
have the healthcare provider assess you
and give you whatever medication or
consultation with a counselor you might
need because I feel like a lot of people
are just acting oh that's a first world
problem or oh it's not that big of a
deal but you owe it to yourself to be as
psychologically and mentally and
physically healthy as you possibly can
you know you can go and you have
insurance you can go and you have
doctors who can help you with that and I
definitely think that bettering yourself
and feeling
about yourself in general is worth it
it's worth the extra money if you have
it it's worth you know the time spent
going to doctors and trying out
different things I'm not a hundred
percent into medicating in order to you
know overcome certain psychological
issues i don't know how effective that
is but it's worth a shot in my opinion
if you're living with some kind of fear
or some kind of anxiety that isn't just
your run-of-the-mill shyness or you know
interpersonal skills or something you
should definitely check that out so
today we're going to talk about shyness
why do i think people are generally shy
I think it's often a preoccupied idea of
the bad things that might happen if you
are to be more outgoing like for
instance if you want to go talk to a
girl that you find attractive or a girl
that you want to date maybe you think
that that conversation might go horribly
wrong and then you end up you know
making the fool of yourself and a lot of
people are just afraid of making fools
of themselves and I feel like that's
just so not something that you should
worry about it all I mean like first of
all if you have confidence or if you can
fake confidence usually faking things
makes you obtain those things eventually
especially in terms of like what kind of
personality traits you would like to
change or enhance so if you don't feel
confident just learn to be a good actor
for a while and eventually you'll
realize that all these things that you
weren't confident about your now
confident about because you got good at
them through the acting so like learning
how to like take defeat and to take
awkward social situations and handle
them gracefully it's like an art and
it's something that you can learn and
therefore you'll negate your shyness so
like for instance of you go up to a girl
and you ask her out I think I've talked
about this a little bit before in a
different video I don't remember which
but if you talk to a girl new ask her
out and it goes horribly wrong with
let's say she's like you smelled that
you're gross and you're awful well the
first thing that should go through your
mind is this person didn't treat you
fairly this person didn't treat you like
a human being like you should be treated
she didn't she wasn't genial to you she
wasn't how you should be treated and
therefore fuck that bitch she's a bitch
you don't like she doesn't deserve your
time basically like it's just stupid
thinking that way and having self-worth
and having confidence will make you feel
a little better after that the way you
react to it and how like your let's say
classmates or coworkers you know how
they perceive you is all on you like if
you can just like take it gracefully
take it gracefully and be like whoa how
to grow your problem is but okay instead
of like there there are a few things
that people do in that situation that
are completely wrong one of them is
people like to be like okay bitch I
wasn't into you anyway and that's like a
defense mechanism for your ego basically
like a lot of people will act that way
other people will like you know implode
into a ball of like sadness and allow it
to actually affect their mood and like
hurt their you know social status
because of how they tucked their tail
between their legs and walked away but
really what you have to do is just act
with confidence be like okay sorry geez
and then really I don't know what her
problem is or like oh it's okay more
fish in the sea and just be happy and be
generally positive and confident and
like if you react that way a lot of
people will see that and they'll see
your positivity and they'll be drawn
into you so whether or not you can do
that like confidently naturally or
whether or not you're faking it either
way it's going to go better for you in
the long run another thing that I don't
really understand is a lot of the
shyness like sometimes shyness is ok
sometimes shyness is you know purposeful
like they just don't want to talk right
now they don't want to you know interact
with people a lot or they just don't
find social situations fun I can kind of
empathize with that in a bunch of
different ways as I stated in the other
video that was supposed to be this video
but really like shyness can hold you
back so much and if you are okay with
thinking what if rather than being like
oh that was kind of awkward for a minute
then yeah be shy but if you think that
you might spend the rest of your life
with some girl that you like if you just
have a conversation with her or it's
possible you could get your dream job if
you just you know become more outgoing
to like Network a little bit more it's
so worth it for you to overcome whatever
fears and anxieties you have and often
times especially if you're still in
school you can feel like the universe is
a bubble and everything that's happening
to you right there right now like your
social status what your friends think of
you what you're not friends think of you
all the frenemies you have and all that
shit if you actually think that that
social crap matters
it really doesn't like we're you are
only in this situation for a few years
and they can move on if you're in a in a
like work situation you can always move
on from that or you can just you know
mind your own business ladies there's
nothing socially that you can that you
can't come back from you know what I'm
saying like it's not that big of a deal
and so many people think that like these
little you know bad interactions are a
big deal and another thing you need to
remember is that when you have a bad
interaction with someone socially and
you think that oh my god that went so
terrible you are your own worst critic
and it didn't go as terrible as you
think it did trust me it's not as bad as
you think it is it never is and if you
can just be confident and be like I made
a mistake or oh you know whatever and
just be like shrug it off and just be a
happy-go-lucky person in general then it
doesn't affect you as much as it would
if you like tuck your tail between your
legs or reacted hostile like oh my god
you fucking bitch will fuck you then and
I don't I don't really know if I'm
covering everything that I wanted to
cover it's really hard to do these one
take videos I always liked want to make
sure that I'm in the best mood you know
and I always want to make sure that I've
been thinking about the topic all day
and then that makes me preoccupied with
the topic because I'm like in the shower
thinking about it I can't sleep some
thinking about it and I'm trying to
formulate in what way I'm going to be
talking about it in the video but then I
end up like missing things or leaving
things out because I didn't write a
script I didn't write anything down and
I'm not doing this like with cuts and
stuff so um if I miss anything please
post it in the comments but it's all
just a mind trick it's all just mind
games and if you can be more strategic
about it you'll eventually gain that
confidence and learn what you need to
learn and as for gaining confidence in
the first place for like body image or
social image or anything like that in my
opinion you will feel so much better if
you are if you have a game plan and
you're on a path to improving yourself
like a lot of people think that they
need to be exactly as God created them
and that to me is baloney but if that
makes you happy then you should do it
but if you are like preoccupied with
your body not being perfect or you don't
like the way your makeups done or
you don't like that girls perceive you
in a certain way first of all do
everything for yourself like who cares
what other people think do what makes
you happy so if you're happy dressing a
certain way or acting a certain way then
you should do it but if you're not you
should change it and even if you're not
at your goals changing it will be will
set you on a path of just like
excitement it's exciting to be on a path
of change you know like when you are a
little bit overweight you want to reach
a goal like looking at pictures of the
goal if you're not working on it can be
depressing but looking at pictures of
the goal when you're on your way and
you're seeing improvements and like just
bettering yourself as a whole like maybe
you know reading the dictionary but it's
basically what I'm doing right now is
like I'm just you know expanding my
vocabulary because that's something that
I care about not something that's
interesting to me and like every day
that I learn new word or you know learn
something learn anything or improve my
body like do extra workouts in the gym
or extra cardio at home like all of that
stuff just makes me happy and excites me
and it's like an exciting quest for self
betterment and that can like increase
your confidence even if you're not at
you know the ultimate step yet in your
self discovery and self-improvement so
that's something that always works for
me if I'm feeling a little like meh I
always want to have a new project that I
can work on for myself like new lip
glosses that I've tried or new money
that I'm saving to buy a certain thing
that I think will you know enhance my
beauty and then trying it out is so
exciting and all that stuff it just it
makes me happy doing that stuff and I
feel like some people can take that and
try them that on themselves to have a
hobby to have improvement like that
takes your mind off of anything bad and
it can alleviate anybody feeling is you
have of anxiety and really you just have
to find yourself like so many shy people
don't really know who they are and a lot
of people in general don't really know
who they are and they're so worried
about like what how other people
perceive them that they don't really
find out who they are on the inside and
who they want to be and it shouldn't be
a reflection of anyone else and it
shouldn't be a reflection of what
society tells you that you should be or
you know if someone calls you ugly or
someone calls you fat or someone calls
you stupid or someone says your
interests are like dumb or a waste of
time like all this stuff shouldn't
matter it should matter what makes you
happy what excites you what makes you
feel like you are living your life to
the fullest and once you're doing all of
that I I really feel like anyone who's
shy will come out of their shell because
they understand who they are and they
don't they know all of their flaws and
no one else can bring them down so there
are so many times that I have felt like
a conversation could have gone better or
I have felt like all white and I just
say that and that happens often and you
can't just be like a hundred percent on
your game quick-witted every time but
what you can do is you can take your
failures and turn them into something
that isn't really a failure it's just
kind of like whatever we'll get them
next time and if someone doesn't like
you for you or someone doesn't want to
date you who you want to date just move
on it's their fucking loss like you're
awesome you're unique there's no one
like you so hopefully that has given you
a little bit of perspective I've never
been a shy person so it's hard for me I
can see it from a different perspective
and I feel like I'm telling you the
things that I have done my entire life
in order to not be shy I've always just
been confident in myself and then the
way I handle like perceived
embarrassment or perceived bad
situations is just like it's easy it's
just like just happens and I don't feel
anything about it and I don't worry
about something that might happen that's
bad because I'm just focusing on trying
to you know create the perfect life for
myself so like if I see someone who can
help me get the job that I want I'll
introduce myself and talk to them and if
I fail and then it's fine you know
what's whatever I I tried and that's
basically the most important thing try
to find the love of your life try to
find the goals and you know set up the
goals for yourself and try to live the
life you want to live so hopefully that
helped you guys it has been a long time
I hope you guys enjoy my new setup I
actually took the the chairs from over
there and put them here because they're
ripping and things when people sit on
them they weren't i guess the highest
quality when i moved and i bought them
and i'm gonna get new chairs for over
there they're just like the the
breakfast bar chairs and stuff and now
you can see all of my collectibles that
i have here so i'm always trying to
improve my production quality and that's
something that excites me and makes me
you know takes up my time and makes me
happy you know i'm saying like things
like that I've so
many different hobbies and things that
I'm trying to constantly improve that I
never feel like there's a dull moment
that there's a lonely moment that
there's an unhappy moment in my life
because I'm always looking forward to
something alright guys I love you this
comment or this topic was voted over
fifty percent of my patrons voted that
this is the topic they wanted me to
cover i hope i hope that i did all of
you guys justice and i hope that you
enjoyed it and I hope that you like my
new setup here I don't know how I feel
about it yet because I haven't seen it
up close but I love you guys and
seriously stay positive that's all you
need to do and be yourselves and find
out who yourselves are because sometimes
it's manipulated by the media or by your
upbringing sometimes a lot of people who
are extremely religious or have like
very strong opinions and like to post
them all over the Internet our little
bit misguided and maybe even should i
say traumatized by things that they
learned when they were growing up and
it's not necessarily healthy to just
take everything your parents or whatever
guardians you have said when you're
growing up as one hundred percent fact
think for yourself think outside the box
and prove bye guys Oh like the video
subscribe to the channel all that good
stuff right bye
