hey guys you can see that I have a
little bit of bruising my lips because
um I went and okay so a little preview
to what's going on with my lip
injections I will be doing a full on
video of like what you need to do and
all the things you need to whatever the
fuck but one of my tips is to not get as
much as you want like go a little bit
smaller than you want just in case you
might have to do a little bit of
revision and I had like this weird bump
here that I want to end fixed or
whatever so like we did a little
fine-tuning and now they're like fucking
perfect to me oh my god i love them so
much so i'm so happy about that um and
i'm wearing cat ears right now you can't
tell here I'm like barely wearing them
too oh my god it's so fucking cold in
here with the fucking fan you can see
the fan the fan is going and there's no
reason for the fan to be going at this
time but anyway I don't know how long
I'm going to be doing this series to be
honest the the phone vlog series because
most people are not watching the videos
and I thought it would be like a cool
way to like lay down and do them like
les hommes the less uptight videos I for
lack of a better way to talk about them
but it seems like people aren't
interested in hearing how my week goes
or the random ramblings that I have as
much as they're interested in all the
actual series that I have and the vlog
topics the topic videos okay I need a
fucking I need your fucking blanket
because it's cold as fuck and I'm like
actually starting to shiver but anyway I
just wanted to talk today about how I
feel like I've come so far and improved
so much in the last year and I feel like
I should have done this closer to the
new year or whatever but I am just like
so fucking happy like everything that my
life has become and like how many
improvements I've made this year so I
just wanted to talk about that little
bit my video for today is a honeypot
video on my gaming channel that is
rendering and I'm waiting for that to
finish so i can stream because i can't
stream while I'm rendering which kind of
sucks but i have in this year become
like one hundred percent full-time
content producer which is like the most
amazing thing in the world like up until
like about a year ago i was almost a
full-time model and then i was like
trying to stream as much as i could and
trying to make some calm
on my gaming and vlog channel that I
liked to had just created and I am just
so grateful that like I now no longer
have to model in order to make ends meet
which is wonderful i love modeling but i
don't want to take the jobs anymore that
are paid if that makes any sense like
there are very occasionally jobs that
are paid that i actually enjoy doing
modeling for me is like an artistic
release it's a sexual release it's like
something i do that um I want to choose
what I'm doing if that makes any sense
so the shoots that I enjoy our the
shoots that I get to control and if I
get to one hundred percent control like
the Wardrobe the editing afterwards
which photographer i'm using what our
concept is then i'm not getting paid
because i'm putting too much say in
what's going on and usually the paid
shoots are like Oh some guy wants to
like improve his portfolio so he's using
his style or I'm shooting for like
hustler lingerie which is you know
obviously their lingerie just a white
background very you know flat lighting
just like get get in get her done type
of I would call that like the quickie of
modeling when you shoot like lingerie
stuff they booked you for like a full
hour or two hours right so you get your
hourly rate but usually it only takes
like fucking 30 or 40 minutes or even
less sometimes so you just like you just
put on an outfit do a couple but to do
put on another outfit do the same thing
oh and that's pretty much all you do and
it's like the easiest thing in the world
and it's good money but it's not fun
it's not what I want to do with my life
it's not me feeling like I'm getting
some creative license in what I'm doing
you know so like when I model for me
it's so much more fun when I get to like
control everything you know and it makes
sense because you know if you're a
painter or a writer or an artist you
don't have someone else dictating like
what you're doing right so for me when I
want to like my favorite shoot of all
time was the shoot I guess I actually
get up and show you because I can't oh
so this is my favorite photo of all time
from my favorite shoot and I literally
did everything from the ground up I'm
gonna lay down
I I did everything for that shoot from
the ground up from the the makeup I did
the makeup um the concept the editing
afterwards I even got the syringe from
my from my plastic surgeon and
everything was just me you know like and
I really loved it and it was amazing and
I'd feel like an artist and I feel like
my creative outlet is like fully fully
encompassed in doing shoots like that if
that makes any sense so um what else
have I improved this year I have
improved the way I do my makeup a lot oh
my god I've learned to do eyeshadow
which is fucking cool my eyebrows are
now like on fleek it's fuck every
fucking day it's awesome I actually bit
the bullet and got my fucking teeth done
so now like this tooth is actually
strong and it's not all yellow and shit
I got my first like plastic surgery
thing which is my lip injections in the
past like I hadn't done anything for
like three years and I loved improving
myself so I was feeling like I really
want to improve myself and my lips are
lacking right now and I'm using that
stupid thing that was formulated from
the the kylie jenner lip challenge thing
where you like suck and it like makes
her lips bigger for like 15 minutes and
it's awful oh my god i want to fucking
improve myself i have gone from being
like 20 pounds heavier to where I am now
to finally getting closer to my weight
goal I bought a treadmill I started a
patreon which got pretty popular I
started i actually have perfect
schedules on both of my channels like i
have to let's plays going at a time or
three let's plays going at a time
actually i have a retro let's play in
indy let's play and like a regular let's
play which is the honey pop I'm doing
right now I'm I have a set day for my
lose my virginity is on that channel on
this channel I have fanservice Friday
interchanging with Friday night mail and
then i have the wednesday series and i
just have series and like shit is
actually like I feel so professional now
and it's amazing and I feel like
everything is just so great and I wish
that you guys could feel exactly the way
I feel because I know I have a lot of
viewers who are like not that happy or
especially like with where they are at
work or where they are in their lives
and they're not happy like body image
wise and I just want to pass on my
positivity to you guys because
there have been times when I didn't feel
like I was making it in the direction
that I wanted to be making it in I I
felt like there's no fucking way I can
live this life and I'm living this life
now and it's fucking amazing I never
thought that I would be like able to be
popular I never thought that I would get
my and the last year I got my my two
silver play buttons from YouTube for
getting to over a hundred thousand both
channels and they got there within like
two weeks of each other it's amazing
like everything is just so great I just
I feel great and there are some days
that I don't feel great in there are
some days that like when I think about
the day ahead and I'm like oh there's so
many things I have to do and I get kind
of psyched out and I get kind of I feel
kind of unhappy and then I just like
think about it I'm like my life is so
fucking amazing and this little like
down mood that I have right now will
definitely pass and often I've learned
that if I just take a nap or or do
something that I really enjoy doing or
just like buckle down and get everything
done with and then like have a nice
relaxing night like this just goes away
like instantly and you have to know that
like sometimes your bad mood is just
chemical and it's not like you have a
terrible life and sometimes even
depression can be chemical and you know
there are people out there that can help
you don't just like sit day in day out
like hating your life you know like
change your life do whatever the fuck it
is that will make your life happier
whether it's changing your job plastic
surgery getting out of a bad
relationship getting a gym membership
and working out buying something for
yourself that you've really wanted
forever you know starting a business
like I feel like whatever risky shit you
want to do and whatever is out there
that would make you happy you should
definitely try it you owe it to yourself
to have the kind of life that you love
and like a lot of people are stuck in
jobs that they hate and a lot of people
have to do that because of you know
finances or whatever but like have a
clear goal in mind if you are stuck in a
dead-end job because of finances start
saving for being able to quit your job
and let go back to school or be able to
quit your job and start your own
business like save for that time and
like I guarantee you if you're not where
you want to be in life but you have
goals and you're working toward them
like that pretty much eradicate Saul of
the bad feelings that you have and like
take it from me like that's how I feel
like if I sit here know that I'm going
to be it like what I consider to be
overweight forever I'm really sad
I'm like oh you know i don't i don't
have this perfect body and i'll never
get there but if i'm working toward
getting there it doesn't matter that i'm
not there right now the fact that i'm
getting there is like so again so much
fun and i know a lot of people probably
don't have the perfectionist to drive
that i do and the the drive to like
improve your appearance or whatever and
a lot of people like are morally against
it for whatever reason they're like oh
not trial you got me naturale and you
gotta go with what God gave you and I'm
giving you guys like a really retarded
voice and I don't mean to would like to
each his own but I really feel like
they're if there's something in your
life whatever it is that you're not
happy about especially if it's like your
living situation like you're in an
abusive relationship or you're a shitty
job like fucking change it just do it
just fucking kill it just do it ok I've
come so far this year and I'm so happy
and I just wanted to share that with you
guys and I'm gonna post a poll on this
video asking you guys if you want me to
continue doing the the phone clogs
because it doesn't have the viewership
and if it doesn't have the viewership
I'll just do something else like on
Mondays it'll be like story time monday
or story time sunday and then we'll have
a different video on mondays I don't
know fuck and if you have any
suggestions post them in the comments I
fucking love you guys ah ah let's take a
picture it's really hard for me with the
big fucking I i love the success because
i can watch videos on it and it's huge
and i like huge obviously but um like
it's really hard to take selfies now and
that sucks there we go mmm love you guys
see you on stream yeah see if
