hey guys today I'm gonna be doing a
topic vlog about Karma and my thoughts
on the subject but first I'm not gonna
lie I'm not in the greatest mood right
now I had kind of a stressful day so I'm
gonna rant about it for literally one
minute and then hopefully that'll put me
in a better mood and this topic vlog in
general talking about philosophy and my
ideas will definitely make me feel
better I think because that's something
I enjoy doing so I woke up this morning
being really excited that I had like
five videos to do today and I was like
these videos I'm gonna knock about the
park it's gonna be great and then I
fucking go to record a video on farm
simulator 15 right and like every time I
play a fucking game like for my losing
my virginity series on my on my gaming
channel it has to lag for the first five
minutes and it's like it's my GPUs like
trying to assimilate for it like the the
voiceovers are laggy for the first five
minutes or whatever so it's really hard
for me to record a genuine losing my
virginity video where it's like the
first time I'm playing a game but today
playing the farm simulator which I
thought oh it's gonna be no big deal the
graphics are kind of cute and whatnot
but it's not like the most you know
graphically taxing game right I play it
in like ten minutes into my fucking
video it's just like all your GPU is
crashed and I go to see if like maybe
the video I had already started
rendering was still there but it didn't
finish initializing because it just
closed my AUB's which is what I used to
record gameplay and so I had nothing
left of the video and had to redo it and
had to act like it was my first time
again and then I was like yeah I'm sorry
guys that crashed and blah blah and that
was annoying and then so I did that I
turned off I vsync or anti-aliasing I'm
not sure which and then I started
getting like the rippling in the the
graphics and I didn't know how to in
game go to the menu for the fucking
graphics so I couldn't turn it off and
like the whole video is just like oh and
I feel like so often I'm making gameplay
videos on my fucking pc that are not
like 100% because of that and it's like
ah so anyway and end rant and rant I'll
actually probably put it in the comments
like this actually starts at 2 minutes
or whatever I know I fucking people hate
it so much when I do that but whatever
she's had to get off my chest so today
we're going to talk about Karma this is
a topic that people wanted me to talk
about because they wanted to know my
opinion on it apparently and I feel like
a lot of people who have watched a lot
of my videos already know what I think
about it and I think it's basically just
bullshit the idea of car
is true in not the way that the
definition of karma is if that makes any
sense so like yeah what goes around
comes around in a way and that way is
that like I believe in the whole pay it
forward thing basically and pay it
forward is if you go out and do five
good things the people who you did five
good things to will be in a better mood
and they're more prone to doing five
good things to other people and you just
like pass that on and overall it makes
the world like a happier better more
positive place I 100% agree with that
and I feel that if people walk around
with a negative a negative cloud around
them they're definitely gonna be you
know passing that on to other people
like if you're a bitch to someone and
they'll be a bitch to someone else
because they're now in a bad mood maybe
but in there are people that just kind
of you know stop it right there like if
someone's a bitch to you like me I feel
like I'm like that if someone's a bitch
to me that doesn't put me in a bad mood
I'm just like oh what a bitch and then
just move on with my life and you know
that doesn't change my moral compass or
how I want to treat other people and I
do agree with the whole like treat
others how you want to be treated and
you know be an honest nice person bla
bla bla but I don't at all those even
karma like there's no and my mom like
okay my mom instilled like the whole
like what goes around comes around like
I swear to God she said the words what
goes around comes around like literally
a thousand times and mom I know you
watch these videos and I'm not trying to
hate on you or anything but like that's
just not something that's true and my
whole life I've had to kind of logic
myself out of that feeling like I would
often like do something bad or or have
done something bad in the past and then
kind of live in this weird fear in the
back of my mind that I feel like is
ingrained in my brain because of my mom
where it's like oh my god people are now
gonna do this to me and I thought like
the only thing that's stopping me from
doing a lot of things is I don't want it
done to myself
and now it has tho helped me like
introspectively decide what I want my
moral compass to be because there are
some things that people would consider
like unjust or morally wrongs that I
would do to other people that I would do
for other people that I'm I think it's
fair game if you do it back to me
because things like for instance like
I'm all over the place because it's been
a crazy day and I have to get like three
videos done and I'm trying to get my sex
ed video done right after
before 7:00 and it's 6:00 right now uh
so yeah I'm a little bit uh just all
over the place and just have a lot of
things in my mind but anyway um having
that do onto others thing and like do
only you know like what goes around
comes around like those ideas being put
in my mind made me decide that it makes
sense if I treat my friends and my
family you know better than anyone else
or that I'm like exceptionally nice to
only a few people in my life and then
the rest of the people I don't give a
shit about because I don't require
people to be nice to me or to respect me
like obviously respect my rights as a
human being I understand that everyone
should have rights as a human being and
that's like you know don't interfere
with someone else's life liberty and the
pursuit of happiness which I've said it
like literally a billion times but other
than that like being nice or not nice to
someone or you know treating someone
with respect when you don't even know
them like that stuff I don't require I
don't require it to happen to me and I
don't do it to other people if that
makes any sense because to me I don't
know that person why should I give that
person respect I feel like respect
should be earned and I don't demand
respect from other people like I request
that you will keep your mind opened
because because I feel like if you keep
your mind open mine open if you keep
your mind open to like you know not
judging a book by its cover or actually
going past like first first fucking Musa
goddamn word oh my god I feel like I'm
everywhere right now and this like
little chunk of hair that's just going
everywhere is like flustering man it's
crazy what was I saying yeah first
impressions going like beyond just what
you think about someone forever like I
don't like people who hold like really
strong grudges if someone is like an
idiot when I first meet them yeah I
might say I don't like that person but
if that person like doesn't 180 and
starts like acting differently and
treating me differently and being a
different person then
they're always up for revaluation in my
mind like there's nothing that you can
do really unless it's like directly
harming me or Jay or something where I
won't just like allow you to redeem
yourself and I don't really like people
who hold grudges because to me that's
very close-minded like there are some
things like somebody could have been in
a bad
one day and like treats you really mean
ly or seems really unfriendly or you
know does something to you because of a
certain circumstance and you can never
know the extent to whatever
circumstances they have going on in
their lives so to like judge based on
such a shallow perception of people like
just doesn't make any sense to me so
basically karma is not a thing in my
eyes and obviously these are my opinions
only a lot of people like say on my
videos I should say things like you know
I believe the afterlife doesn't exist
instead of afterlife doesn't exist that
kind of thing but for me that's just
politically correct bullshit like I'm
trying not to offend random people I
don't know who have differing opinions
for me when we should all just
understand that we have differing
opinions and if I'm gonna say my opinion
on my personal channel that that's what
it is and that's all it is and people
act like oh you are so like into
yourself and full of yourself and
closed-minded people actually think I'm
closed-minded because of the way I word
things because they're so sensitive to a
certain wording without using rationale
and logic that makes sense
to interpret my wording if that makes
any sense it's like so ridiculous how I
can't say what I mean on my channel
without being overly PC without being
like this is just my opinion it might
not be a fact
obviously I keep my mind open to any new
experience it's like I shouldn't have to
say that every single video you guys
should kind of get an idea of who I am
as a person by now and know that like
this is just what I feel and if you have
a differing opinion please post it
because I'm interested in learning other
people's opinions especially people who
come from different backgrounds so yeah
karma is not really something that you
carry over into the afterlife in my
opinion it's not something where like
you know if I do something bad to
someone else something Bad's gonna
happen to me but it is in essence like
that because of the whole pay it forward
type thing and the fact that you know if
people are just more positive in life
you know there will be more positivity
positivity in the world and so yeah I
kind of believe in that but my mom
saying it so many times and acting like
you know like if someone kills someone
you're gonna get killed or someone in
your in your life is gonna get killed
and saying that's so literally my entire
life has made me have like a fear of it
that I've been able to rationalize on
top of and then therefore made some
weird morals
off of that experience does that makes
any sense I feel like a lot of the
adversities that I've had in my life
have just been learning experiences for
me like I don't have really many regrets
or anything I just try to think about
things logically and separate emotion
from anything else and create ideas that
I feel like make sense to me and work
for me and not really take into account
of course there's someone talking in the
hall I want to strangle these people
like literally so according to my mom if
I go outside and I strangle these people
that are talking in the hallway who can
probably hear me too because I can hear
them then someone will either strangle
me or something bad will happen to me in
the next thirty days
Oh arbitrary amount of time and
therefore I shouldn't do it and okay
it's like that in itself like that idea
in itself on the leg down it looks super
fat because I'm like far away that idea
in itself makes no fucking sense like
there's what it's just so dumb and that
that idea that there's like some kind of
time that it comes back around to you is
so silly and I want to hear from people
actually believe in like karma and who
define karma in a different way I did
that's very interesting to me but I had
a thought and I lost it and whatever
fuck it I don't care I'll post it like
in the comments or something if I
remember it but I also could do my sex
ed video and it's been over ten minutes
so thank you for watching thank you for
letting me rant and let me know what you
think love you guys don't forget to
subscribe to the channel and give me
more topics because this was a fan or
viewer suggested topic and I really
enjoy doing these because I have
opinions and like literally everything
alright guys bye
