you won't let me dust the buck cause
it's per Ã¥smund you're gonna fall off
the bed so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
God does the kitty no Eve you're dirty
got a dust you
they say kitty is himself cleaning but
you're all black and suit filled got a
duster kitty
god that's the kitty god that's the
kitty give it back give it back you look
back with your paws give it back okay
gonna dust the tail no I'm just dusting
the tail okay okay that's the head guy
that's the kitty sorry about the coughs
guys this is one of the ones I didn't
want to put music over because it's so
cute to say got it just the kitty cause
I sticky you're gonna leave but you're
not finished being dusted you think you
can just move over there and I'll stop
dusting you is that what you think okay
it stopped what now what now you're
gonna bite it you're gonna kill it do
you think it's a chicken is that a
chicken it's a chicken dust in the kitty
is that true you're gonna fall off the
bed alright I'm not even dusting the
kitty anymore I'm just dusting the air
okay why are you mad about me dusting
the air hmm
I'm just gonna dust right here I'm gonna
just right here
it's not that big of a deal what's your
problem
hmm okay I'm in dust over here
that's all I'm just gonna dust here okay
you okay with that what about the but
you got a dirty but you don't like that
is a sexual harassment harassment you
won't let me dust the book cause it's
per a sment you're gonna fall off the
bed what did I tell you what did I tell
you oh all right I'm gonna dust right
here I'm just gonna dust right here okay
trying to clean what's the problem I
trying to clean huh-uh I'm a dust right
here yes okay what about here
you don't being a crazy kitty you don't
mind
she knows I'm filming her leave that
tail wagging you know she wants to bite
it what was that attempt what was that
lazy attempt look at those eyes such a
pretty all right I'm gonna go back up to
dusting here
you don't care you can see she cares
look at that tail she wants it she wants
it she does
I'll get that kitty what if I lost your
thing here
you don't care hey
you gonna let go you gonna let go
there's gonna dust right you know okay
listen on your way right just go dust
this here it's dirty why do you like to
keep things dirty huh you gonna leave I
guess I'll just dust up here there
Oh mind me I'm just dusting what why
can't they just Road kitty one a road
kitty I'm just gonna go back to dusting
up here you know like when I dust this
you don't be so selfish don't be so
selfish things have to get dusted you're
gonna steal it
what are those eyes well can I have this
back now
no what are you do with it oh I can have
it back now okay I'm gonna dust up here
Eve I gotta keep it clean who's gonna
keep it clean if I don't huh who's gonna
keep it clean if I don't keep it clean
we're gonna do
look what's she doing Oh No
did you kill it did you kill it
all right I guess I can go back to
dusting then I'm gonna dust right here
good dust right here what's that pop
what's that pop you a dum-dum what is
she doing in there
you're so cute
that's it kitten why are you trying to
attack my toes what are you doing in
there huh what are you doing I can't see
you
you're just darkness your little demon
what's this demon whoa scary demon
attack camera its Vlad afraid I'm just
gonna dust right next to you okay it's
no big deal
what how dare you attack me what an evil
kitty look at this the face of evil evil
you know whether I can dust now thank
you for letting me dust
