I've got my trusty Excalibur and we've
got a bunch of fucking packages let's go
ahead and start fanservice mail Friday a
K mail Friday service but most widely
known as Friday night mail
fuck it I'm done with doing different
tapes for the intro anytime I mess it up
I'm just gonna go with it because I'm a
fucking bad-ass like that Oh Tara put
the box cutter so close to your face
oh well it's leave it out and it hurt me
I'm only doing this because people get
so vicious in the comments any time I do
something irresponsible with a box
cutter but I'm like almost up to 30
episodes and still haven't hurt myself
and if you actually want me to be safe
stop criticizing my use anyway we've
known a bunch of packages today and I
woke up in the morning so giddy that I
just was gonna do videos so I want to
enjoy this one yeah first thing we got
here
Oh ahh almost hurt my nail why am I so
bad I think you know what this is you
ready ah my final boss by gar flame at
this is actually marketed as a mousepad
but the only use I can see for this is
putting it under my keyboard where it
won't be seen or being the coolest
person at Friday Night Magic and other
magic tournaments and as most of you
know Veigar and final boss veigar are my
favorite champion and skinned
respectively in League of Legends I'm so
glad I do this before Friday so now I
can take this to magic I know I think
mesial for sending it to me because he's
fucking awesome and I think he also
bought himself one too so congrats on
the purchase man mesial is just beyond
amazing to me I could go on and on about
the things he does for me
thanks man we've got a green package
green package from cherry 78 I have no
idea what that is
let's just open it let's see who bought
it first me though he's so cute
oh this is so cute and you stands up
fright it's awesome thank you so much
missile oh his head even turns so you
can do the whole like flirty but if he
was a human this would be creepy
contortion but he's just everyone's
favorite astromech MA
stay right there are - we've got a
manila envelope
of bubble-wrap eNOS I'm excited you guys
smell it smell my excitement dinah Pro
direct I don't know what that is a gift
for you hi Terra enjoy your gift from me
Zell Cod me Zell like really you're such
a fuckin badass oh it's my dumb props
that I wanted I'm so stupid I played all
the way through punch club with J
recently and I was like you know what I
really want for alternative cardio at
home a fucking jump rope maybe some fan
service will be involved with this thing
give me a reason to jump up and down you
know there it is we've got instructions
beginners will need a slightly longer
length than advanced users place your
feet together and stand on the rope hold
one handle in each hand and pull up to
your armpit this is the proper starting
length as you advance and prefer less
slack you can shorten the rope to your
personal preference and there it is and
all of its bouncy goodness so I would do
some rope jumping for you guys but I
would like knock over all my lights and
ruin all my equipment so we'll save it
for a fanservice Thank You mesial you're
a fucking god but wait there's more oh
it's my Batman ones ear hook should we
put it on we should definitely put it on
I love it so fucking perfect it fits
like literally perfect let me show you a
little bit
this is great who bought it for me oh my
god hi Terry you can be my bag man any
day
from me sale apparently misael thinks
it's my birthday or something
or he just likes to make me feel like
every day is my birthday and I'm a
princess
you can be my detective Gordon or
Batgirl or Robin any day I think I like
you as Batgirl better I've got a square
from Digital Ville oh no way
for my three years
oh is it squishy it's silicone yes oh
this is so cute look at that it's
perfect it's pink and it has peach on it
could it get any better she could be
nude
can we see who this is from oh no
message on the inside but whoever you
are thank you so much and if you post in
the comments I'll be sure to read it
then thank you there personally and I
was just talking about how a bunch of
games are coming out that I really want
to play on the 3ds now I get to like
actually protect it in style to me she's
like the Nerds Barbie I also love it
when she's depicted as someone who's
wilfully fucking Bowser and cuckolding
the fuck out of Mario such as me moving
on
rotten box number one it's got to be a
game high when I saw this I thought of
you and thought this is something Terra
would like hope you'll like it from your
Icelandic fan it's sorry oh sorry once
you get me your two kinds of man gravity
rush remastered I've never even heard of
this game falling into a gravity defying
adventure use incredible powers to
protect the future while battling
amnesia and trying to uncover the
secrets of your past she's a hot blonde
with a little kitty Thank You Snorri I
can't wait to play it maybe I'll even
post some footage on my gaming channel
seriously like how did you know it's so
crazy how well you guys know me like
knowing that I'm looking for more video
games who have like badass female like
blonde protagonists that are superhot
and then just being able to pick games
for me in general thank you so much you
guys are like on a fast track directly
to my heart pass go and collect as much
money as you want yeah we've got a box
that appears to be empty who sent me an
empty box what a great present hi Terra
Jack again yes you caught me out I'm
trying to turn you into a furry because
you're just too hot not to Oh God hot
sweet lovely animal
Neko cat ears hair clip back English oh
my god cat here is no fucking way cat
ears how cute is this actually matches
my onesie - oh my god Jack you're crazy
eventually I'm gonna have to form this
like whole outfit with the tail the ears
is some kind of crazy furry outfit and
then like paws I've been such a good
kitty little fanservice for Jack you're
fucking awesome dude
the keys are better than I imagined when
I open the package for sure alright we
have one left one last box
it's from Angel I don't know if you guys
will remember but a while ago I got a
package from a webcam model friend of
mine who's like super hot and you guys
should follow her Instagram anyway she
said she's giving me something that
needs a good home so let's figure out
what the fuck this is I actually asked
her I was like is it alive what is this
with the packing peanuts a bunch of her
magic stuff no way oh I'm gonna sneeze
it so good my ears coming off now you
like putting these on the mirror would
be a better course of action let's see
what's in the deck box probably should
it's a bunch of cards from like Ravnica
and NYX magic card but what's in here
there's a little card attached to it
where did she find tiny envelopes like
this thank you
she says I can read it out loud so let's
do that these magic cards are from
random packets that I opened and a box
set it was a gift from a friend but soon
after he moved away
other than Sailor Moon and Dragon Ball Z
collector cards I'm not into card games
I'm moving across country and I have no
desire to take them with me no idea how
good they are but hopefully you get some
good ones oh thank you baby you're so
awesome
by the way this is her and here's some
more of her info I'll just let you look
at that for a sec pause the video you
know you want to you definitely have to
follow this chick on Instagram and maybe
check out one of her shows let's see
what's in here
Scott gerakan it's gotta be good holy
shit
looks like a deck it's nickel bolus
nickel bolus leaves oh boy oh boy looks
so good on my professional camera like
look at that shit
mesmerising I just started playing her
on this time this card was legal in
standard and I have never seen a foil
version it's really pretty I'm actually
never seen the soldier token this is a
lot of magic cards all right I'll have
to actually go through it later and see
if there's anything good but thank you
so much it's like so thoughtful of you
miss Garak box is pretty cool
I always need more cardboard boxes
because I'm always having infinite
amounts of cards and oh my god I haven't
used these since I played Pokemon not
really useful in magic but definitely
cutest book thank you so much baby girl
my alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
episode it definitely made my mood a lot
better because I was having some
technical difficulties playing farm
simulator 15 earlier and now I just feel
so much better you guys are so fucking
amazing every time I do a video like
this or any time I look in the comments
I feel the love emanating from you guys
and it's just it sustains me at like
feed off of it anyway just you guys are
amazing never forget how fucking amazing
you are and if you need anything from me
I'll do my best to reply to you guys in
the comments and interact with you as
much as I possibly can and to make both
of my channels something that you enjoy
watching we are in this together and you
guys are family and I just get the warm
fuzzies from you guys all the time thank
you so much from your submissive cat
girl like the video subscribe to the
channel for Kat Batgirl and I'll see you
guys next week for fanservice Friday and
in two weeks for a new Friday night male
now I'm off to the Batcave to go play
some League gigantic hug from me to you
oh my god before I give you a hug I just
realized this matches my onesie thank
you didn't you guys it's the gift that
keeps on giving and probably the most
famous box cutter in history I'm not
conceited that's just not saying much
alright hug time
