hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week I'm going to go
over my personal great sex checklist so
if there's ever a sex ed that you watch
this one should probably be the one and
no I'm not talking about good looks toys
or anything like that
it's just ten things that I feel you
have to have for every sexual encounter
in order to make every subsequent sex
session the best sex session of your
life let's do it
checklist item number one is make sure
what you're doing is legal yeah this
one's kind of obligatory make sure any
sexual activity you endeavor upon is
legal in your area this encompasses
everything from age of consent to making
sure you're not hurting anyone and that
the sex is consensual if you're underage
or if you're harming someone else
without their consent well in the words
of South Park you're gonna have a bad
time item number two is staying safe
safety is probably tied in importance
with legality safe sex includes STD
protection using condoms knowing your
partner protecting against unwanted
pregnancy and establishing your limits
if you're engaging in anything a little
kinky pain and pleasure are good but
lasting consequences are not number
three
staying open-minded staying open-minded
is crucial if you want to have great sex
especially if you want to be in balance
with your partner this may be easier
said than done if you grew up in a
conservative household or if you're just
generally an overly judgmental person
try to let go of judging others and what
they like and try to think about things
logically rather than emotionally if you
make your partner feel bad or weird for
letting you know what they like then
chances are you're gonna end up shutting
them out which is not good for great sex
number four confidence confidence is a
huge counterpart to good sex if you're
worried about body image or you're not
able to let loose with a specific person
you are drastically limiting your
perception to knee shaking orgasms many
studies over the years have shown that
people who are happy with their bodies
and happier in their lives have way
better sex than those who are worried
about wrinkles rolls taxes I know I may
be hard to do but letting go of all of
your negative thoughts about whatever
you're feeling negative about will allow
you and your partner to have way better
sex
remember he or she doesn't care about
your perceived flaws and insecurities if
it bothered them that much they wouldn't
be having sex with you
number five mood some people might think
they're not in the mood
but foreplay can definitely help with
that and yes you
need to be in the mood to have great sex
some other things that help you get in
the mood or positive thinking confidence
general happiness and watching porn
among a billion fucking other things so
if you don't feel like you're in the
mood get there that's no excuse to not
have regular sex regular great sex but
don't just start the act because you're
trying to get it over with get in the
mood first not being in the mood
initially and then just going straight
for penetration is a lot of the reason
why a lot of girls don't have a lot of
orgasms number six experimentation and
experience it's just good practice not
to knock something until you've tried it
knowing exactly what you like will help
you take full advantage of your
sexuality everyone is different and
everyone has some kinks and finishes
remember guys if you haven't tried
something you might be completely
missing out on things that you really
like which would be a damn shame number
seven is honesty it may be hard to get
past worrying about what other people
think in order to be fully honest but if
you're trusting someone enough to be in
such a vulnerable position with them
then you should definitely be
comfortable enough to be honest with
them being open with absolutely
everything with your partner's will
establish trust and let go a lot of the
anxieties you might have which might be
holding back your orgasms and number
eight subsequently is trust having trust
in your partner will definitely allow
you to let loose and just have more fun
in bed Trust is also extremely important
if you're going to venture down the BDSM
path or explore other kinks that might
be potentially harmful from experience
putting your safety in the hands of
someone you really trust rather than in
the hands of someone you're not so sure
about is definitely better also lying
just don't do it
lubrication lubrication is just a must
for sex no one wants to rub a dry
cucumber into a dry rubber hole I hope
you're getting that visual ingrained in
your brain oh the friction and the
chafing it's awful it's like enough to
start a fire I'm not necessarily talking
about non natural lubricant either
foreplay can get a woman's juices
flowing enough and saliva can be just as
good as store-bought water-based
lubricant but sometimes a girl just
isn't wet and it's not your fault it can
be the time of day whatever she ate how
recently she was on her period it
doesn't mean she's not into it but just
take care of it dry sex isn't fun for
anyone and lasts and one of the most
important passion having passion for the
person you're sleeping with is a must
and kind of an obvious one the initial
euphoria and honeymoon stage doesn't
have to wear off but if it does or if
you don't want to
sex with a person you're having sex with
just fuckin don'ts sometimes people just
don't have the attraction or the
so-called chemistry attraction is a
fickle and complicated monster it's best
not to think about it and just go where
it takes you because sex with someone
you're really attracted to is so much
more explosive alright guys this has
been my great sex checklist for anyone
no matter what you're into let me know
in the comments if you think I missed
anything and let me know what your great
sex checklist is maybe you can't live
without a full rubber mask and a ball
gag or some hentai on the screen let me
know what you're into what kinks you
have and if you just don't care about
something on this list maybe you like
one-night stands and don't feel like you
need to trust someone because you can
deal with the responsibilities on your
end alone everyone's different I'm not
here to judge I'm just here to learn
what you guys like like the video
subscribe for sex teacher Tara and let
me know what you want me to cover on
next sex ed with Tara oh and keep
fucking lubricated
