hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
my social media Q&A these are the
questions that you guys asked on my
social media platforms AKA mostly
Instagram and I'm here to answer
everything you've asked so initially I
had some reservations about this because
I'm pretty open with my opinions and all
of my other videos as well but this just
feels really personal so I'm enjoying it
also if I answer something that I've
made a really long video about I'll just
mention that I've made a video about it
and then post the link in the
description so if there's any video I
mentioned in here just scroll down and
it'll be at the top of the description
easy-peasy
all right let's do this don't take
Collins asks if you are in an anime do
you prefer ass crabs or boob crabs if
I'm in an anime it's like I'm an anime
character I guess it doesn't matter
where I am or Who I am i prefer boob
grabs kenan period la ma asks what age
is too young to have sex i recommend
first making sure you know the age of
consent in your country or region and
after that it's purely personal in case
by case a good way to tell is if you and
your partner are both comfortable with
it and want it and you understand that
you need to be safe and know the
repercussions that might happen go for
it it's your body it's your life do what
makes you happy and it's no one else's
business Mike M Alves asks which
superstar would you like to meet one day
like me-80 so if I had turned one
superstar in to meet it would definitely
be Justin Bieber because he's fucking
gross yeah I wouldn't eat the meat per
se or maybe I would just because I would
totally try human meat seriously though
I don't have a really good answer this
question I've never been someone that
gets like starstruck and like really
wants to meet a celebrity but there are
random guys and girls and random TV
shows that I'm watching that I would
bang so whoever it is at that point is
probably who I would say at this point I
guess I would say Roman Godfrey from
Hemlock Grove
he doesn't have my perfect like male
aesthetic but the way he acts so fucking
sexy despite him having sex with a lot
of his relatives my sister
damn fine it's that which what is that
what it takes your earn your forgiveness
didn't you fuck me please start
I reckon fucking break Superman hates me
said how long did it take for your boobs
to heal after you got them done I heard
it's a painful process I it wasn't
painful for me at all there was like one
moment of like one second of like a jolt
of pain and then the rest of it I was
just absolutely fine I could get up and
walk around and do normal things within
the day the only had know anything is
that you have to sleep propped up and
you have to wear a certain kind of like
sports bra type thing I would say in two
weeks I could be back to the gym in
about a month everything was pretty
normal and my scars healed over a year
none of my classic surgery experiences
have been very painful jacinto Milka
asks objective on YouTube question mark
I really just want to keep improving
what I'm doing right now and make sure
that I'm listening to you guys the
viewers as much as I possibly can while
still staying true to what I want to do
with the channels and I want to have
different locations for each series I
have on my blog channel I think it would
be really cool if I had like a place
that looks like a teacher's room for my
sex ed series so I could be like a sexy
teacher I don't want to have to film
every single thing either here or at my
computer so just production quality
improvements and tailoring things to
what you guys want to see and making my
gaming channel a channel that you guys
actually want to watch Jack 8989 asks
we've all seen how some people go
overboard with plastic surgery and look
weird or plastic are you afraid this is
happening with you how much is too much
I think it's really illogical to think
that if someone gets a lot of plastic
surgery that they're just this illogical
insecure person that just can't stop and
is obsessed when you go to a plastic
surgeon they actually evaluate you to
make sure you're not that kind of person
that has unrealistic expectations and
something that you think might look to
plastic looks really great to me and the
same can be said for a lot of people who
you think might have gone overboard so
I'm not at all afraid that I'm gonna
turn into some crazy person I know
exactly what I want and if something
happens that's aesthetically unpleasing
to me I'll just go get it fixed
Riley mxc asks do you have any pets no I
don't I really have the urge to have
pets I think like a lot of people have
the urge to have kids which I'm devoid
of but I really don't feel like I would
be a good mother or a good mother to
pets I just feel like I don't have the
time and I would be way too heartbroken
when they died if I could have a pet
that's like low maintenance really cool
and I knew that he would never die
before me and then it would be taken
care of after I died a pet I've always
wanted as a tarantula already Guana I
like alternative pets
I also like the fuzzy ones cats dogs
things like that I just like all animals
I guess and arachnids and insects Steph
- dope asks are you ticklish and if so
where at ha it depends on my mood
whether or not I'm ticklish I would say
one of my feet I'm not sure which always
kind of has that like knee-jerk reaction
but it's kind of cool when I'm getting
my nails done and they start to tickle
my foot I've been like mentally
preparing myself to just not be ticklish
I feel like it's really cool you can
actually rewire your brain to not have
reactions to things so that's what I've
been practicing doing as far as
everything else I can pretty much turn
it on and off depending on how playful
I'm feeling sometimes my armpits are my
sides sometimes not at all debated
Seagate asks what is your all-time
favorite RPG and why my favorite MMORPG
is World of Warcraft's cuz I've never
really played another one I felt like
investing a lot of time in that game was
really fun at the time but then it kind
of started feeling like a carrot on a
stick to me and I didn't really enjoy it
as much so it stops playing it and yeah
I miss it I was a guild leader
I had raids going every week it was
awesome and I stopped before all of that
pet combat shit that would have been so
awesome
it's like pokemons asfour they're RPGs
my favorites are jrpgs and my favorite
of all time would probably be Shin
Megami Tensei Nocturne how can you be so
fucking awesome they should remastered
that game for me League of girls asks
would you rather stop with gaming or
have no boobs at all I feel like this
question belongs and Terry reads
comments where I kind of make fun of it
but honestly I don't like the would you
rather do this or this because to me I
don't see any logical way that this
could happen so it's kind of irrelevant
to me and then I want to know all the
other variables so I just kind of hate
those questions I would always find like
a happy medium or find a way to get both
Jay nudie asks if you could sit down and
have dinner with any three people alive
or dead who would they be and why
my favorite actor of all time John
Cleese Corey Taylor from Slipknot and
Ben Affleck oh three is not enough okay
so let's rule out all the people I want
to have sex with
so John Cleese Hitler and who's
considered the most intelligent serial
killer I would probably go with Ted
Bundy I'm really interested in
psychology so the last two would
definitely just be a learning experience
for me a really enjoyable one where he'd
like get in the mind of people who had
loved to study and then John Cleese just
because he's fucking hilarious
I have mad respect for him he's like one
of the people in the media who
formulated how my
humor is now oh my god it's Brian asks
will you give me a high five
yeah jst john 7 asks ever do a DP i'm
assuming he means double penetration
only with toys so guy and toy toy and
guy never two guys
hentai genia asks will you ever come to
Amsterdam so we can walk to the red
light district ignite and visit sex
shops that actually sounds fucking
amazing engineer you're so hot I would
definitely enjoy that pretty girl memes
asks how big was your favorite dick
you've encountered 9 inches cake is asks
what's your all-time favorite character
and skin and League Veigar and final
boss vigor and what role do you play
most in league mid or top I'm like hey
what's up hello asks pizza or hamburgers
pizza what is your favorite sports team
I don't follow mainstream sports really
I do miss the Seattle Sonics mister
period fresh asks if I were to hit that
which Deftones song would you want on
blast I would go with passenger
obviously because it's Deftones with two
of the vocals you can't go wrong with
that
super erotic song too from the way it's
sung to the subject matter nice cool
seats to cushion your knees a joy Roger
he asks marry fuck kill Justin Bieber
Drake little Wayne kill them all the
maniac 71 666 asks favorite deck
archetype and magic I would say in
between aggro and mid-range my favorite
deck of all time was mono blue devotion
back in the theros Ravnica block
I like blue but I also like creatures
counter spells burn and decisions that
are actually hard I don't like a deck
that you can just autopilot so no mono
red and no decks that are super on the
controller side like sphinxes revelation
decks those are fucking awful this
question to me exemplifies what is wrong
with society
Co billion asks would you rather fuck a
goat but no one knows or not fuck ago
but everyone thinks you fucked a goat by
the way I love your content especially
fanservice Friday Thank You Co but why
would you give a shit if anyone thinks
you've done something of course I'm
gonna choose the one where I did what I
want and who gives a shit what other
people think
it's crazy that there's someone out
there that would rather fuck a goat when
they don't want to fuck a goat as long
as everyone doesn't know as opposed to
just having some dumb rumor go around
about you but you know who you are
like that's the most important thing so
why would anyone choose the other one
Jocelyn Joseph 96 asks what is your goal
weight I felt the most comfortable in
myself and enjoyed the way I look the
most at
around 110 to 115 but I'm definitely
fine with going smaller i'm 5-4 so
that's like in no way unhealthy for me
and i've been there and been smaller
before so it's supposed to lose like 30
pounds but i'm getting there Tom bearson
177 asks have you ever had any
experiences with lucid dreaming or
astral projection if so what was it like
this is actually an interesting one to
me because I really love dreams and what
goes on in your head because of them I
like studying stuff like that and when I
was younger I used to have lucid dreams
like almost every day and it sucks that
I lost that it was crazy because I would
get into these terrible situations and
then I would run from whoever's trying
to kill me or whatever's trying to kill
me and I would wake up whenever I want
to and the way I would wake up is I
would be like wake up wake up wake up oh
and I would do it and it was fucking
great and it took like a slight amount
of effort and I always knew I was
dreaming but it was so much fun to have
like these scary things happening your
dreams and be able to control them I've
never had any sleep paralysis or astral
projection or anything like that but I
wish I had
I hear that sleep paralysis is like
really crazy but also terrifying and I
think it would be insane to feel that
out of body experiences night terrors
things like that fascinate me Raven
isn't fly asked what inspired you to go
veggie it was pretty simple for me like
I feel healthier when I'm vegetarian and
then it also coincides with my moral
compass as well as my logical compass I
think humans spend way too much time
worrying about whatever random person
they didn't even know died and don't
give a second thought about factory
farming their health or anything it's
super easy and it just works better for
me my girl angel Blanc USA asks do you
drive if so what kind of car do you have
or do you share with J so my first car
ever was this car that my mom bought
that I absolutely fuckin loved there was
just like a little Saturn aquamarine and
my mom took really good care of this car
so she gave it to me and I've been like
passively souping it up since I've got
it I don't enjoy driving to me knowing
it's like the most dangerous thing you
do in a day
and the thought of somehow becoming like
a paraplegic because vich rubs me the
wrong way and I don't like to do it so J
usually drives and we don't go places
that often but he does have a really
sweet heart state that we bought him
like last year that silver and named
sliver it's like kind of a double
meaning with magic slivers and the fact
that it's silver and I came up with the
name oh my god this question really mini
boy asks would you rather never be able
to speak again or always have to say
everything is on your mind um
I'm a problem not saying everything
that's on my mind and I have no problem
with people disliking me because I say
rude things because I actually feel them
I feel like so many people don't say
what's on their minds because they're
taught if you have nothing nice to say
don't say it at all or they're going off
with some personal agenda to try to get
what they want
way too many people have fake
personalities these days and hide
everything that they actually are and
I'm like the complete opposite of that
look fake be real to yourself that's my
motto I guess Robert look prime to asks
what is your favorite Slipknot song
probably virus of life so fucking sexy
he also asks who is your second favorite
Dragon Ball Z character Brawley probably
babyface EXO asks do you want babies if
yes how many know so zero tera van doren
asks have you ever thought about being a
stripper I have nothing against being a
stripper but I don't really see a reason
to do it when for me and modeling and
youtubing and all that stuff just makes
more sense and stripping would actually
be probably behind a lot of other things
that I could do if I wasn't doing any of
those things like when I was growing up
I thought I would either be a writer a
lawyer or a criminal psychologist but I
don't have much respect for college
education and I didn't want to waste a
lot of my time on doing that when I
could just instead study the aspects of
those jobs that actually interest me
what I do now is like perfect for me
like being able to do my own thing and
create content that I love so I'm always
doing something that I love and not
being stopped doing something that I
hate just for the few seconds that I'm
doing something that interests me which
is what I would probably be doing as a
criminal psychologist
Jayla 248 asks Bush or shaved shaven for
both genders all of it down there just
get rid of it
bill call asks if you could replace a
female video game character with
yourself who would it be probably
bayonetta or something like that I
actually haven't played the bayonetta
games but I can't think of any other
game where there's a female protagonist
who's like over-the-top sexy actually
doing something badass like a lot of the
times female protagonist some more like
Laura Croft who is in essence sexy but
since like the first ones she hasn't
been unbelievably sexy to the point
where it doesn't even make sense for to
be in that universe I love that kind of
contrast kind of like Sucker Punch you
know where you have the tiny little baby
doll girl doing insane things and being
a huge badass in a bunch of different
situations I would be like a female god
of war what game are you most addicted
to right now says M Takata Oh too funny
pop I can never put that fucking game
down I'm
so really into assassin's creed
chronicles china right now and syndicate
especially their dreadful crimes i can't
get enough of murder mysteries or
dreadful crimes the best rubber tong 888
asks what is more important good
gameplay or good story in a game once
again i can't really answer that i feel
like it has to be a really nice balance
of both but as for which one's more
important I would definitely say a good
story but then again there are games
that I play just for the gameplay
because it's fun and I don't really care
about the lore that much a lot of any
games don't really have a story they're
just really fun to play the ducky 908
asks if you could be any age forever how
old would you be and why I think I would
be 21 because that's the point where you
can do whatever you want
I still think you have to be 22 to get
silicone implants which is ridiculous
you can do almost whatever you want and
you're still really young speediness 13
asks do you prefer nice skinny guys a
rude muscle a guy's muscle a bruton
muscly I don't really look for long term
connections because I don't need that I
already have J and stuff so if I'm going
for someone that I'm gonna have sex with
I definitely want someone who's
attractive and to me attractive is like
seven parts body and face three parts
personality and demeanor obviously a
rude muscly guy isn't my perfect man but
it'll get the job done in bed jocelyn
joseph 96 asks does bleaching their hair
do a lot of damage to it I would
recommend not going over 20 volume
bleach I only use 10 or 20 volume
because I'm a natural blonde so I only
have to lift it like three colors which
is super nice for me because it means
this is all my real hair so no it
doesn't really mess it up I have pretty
healthy hair a lot of girls who have
dark brown to black hair and then use
like 40 volume bleach like twice in a
row to achieve a color similar to mine
usually end up with orange hair that's
like that long and then you either go
with extensions or you look like a boy
and it's awful and your hair is
perpetually fucked up
so yeah bleach isn't good for your hair
but as long as you go to a professional
and use it in moderation it's not bad
I've actually lost more hair using a
curling iron and then bleaching my hair
Clawd am Robert asks sorry about this
question but I'm curious what is your
favorite sex position favorite sex
position is doggy style 100% that's
where you feel the most pain and you can
get your face pushed in a pillow
Darrien the greatest asks if you can
choose which one it will be and why
master all sports or master all
instruments definitely instruments 100%
are Perez 720 asks what is
all time favorite videogame any system
in time for example retro games I feel
like the game that made me fall in love
with gaming the most is definitely Super
Mario Brothers 3 on the All Starz
cartridge I've beaten that game more
times than I can count and at least
twice for my twitch stream and once for
my youtube channel
Rick Kim asks are you going to any
events this year I always go to pax
prime but I'm gonna try to make it to e3
as well
I skipped III for the last two years and
I've definitely regretted that but
traveling a little other than that just
magic tournaments any GPS or like bigger
tournaments in the Pacific Northwest
I'll usually go to those Canadian
bearded hillbilly asks what keeps you
motivated like I have a huge drive to
perfect like everything in my life from
my body to the way I do my makeup to my
skills in whatever competitive game I'm
trying to play at the moment so my own
like inner drive and desire to be better
is what moves me and I love learning new
things too I have like three or four
apps that give me like a weird word a
day or a complex vocabulary word or
whatever I just like learning and
improving Isaac combs asks if you won
the lottery what's the first 10 things
you would spend it on 10 things okay
this isn't gonna be an order buy a new
house invest a lot of it give to animal
based charities different setups for my
YouTube channels different gaming setups
that life-sized Shao Kahn figure that's
coming out at the end of the year for
sure and accountants and a lawyer that's
just like one thing there's this like
really cool 2 player arcade cabinet that
I can have my logo on that I saw at a
fair ones that I really want to buy
definitely the perfect entertainment
setup and more cameras and lighting and
things for YouTube so a lot of that is
just components of one thing but other
than like my gamer Bachelorette caves
and improving my youtube channels I
would basically just save it and
occasionally spend it on myself in small
doses a sign says tell us the most
embarrassing moment of your life I
honestly don't get embarrassed and I
can't remember the last time I felt a
strong feeling of embarrassment so I
just don't know what to say I don't have
many embarrassing moments and when
people consider something embarrassing I
kind of get over it really quickly or
don't even feel it I usually take things
on with grace I would say even when I'm
not so graceful pylyp LTR 48 asks would
you rather live without makeup or video
games this one's actually kind of easy
although I want both definitely would
live without makeup because that's not
like a deal breaker for me it's just
something I enjoy doing it's only one of
the facets of self-improvement that I
enjoy out of many so definitely rather
lose that Joshua Trejo 7
in the Star Wars universe where we don't
wear underwear would you 1 stay home and
do dirty things with someone or to fight
the Galactic Empire while going commando
choose wisely so I can't do both I would
find a Jedi corrupt him and make him
leave the Jedi Order through a long
process after fighting alongside him is
some kind of bounty hunter and then I
would go home and do dirty things with
him forever
Terra van doren asks how often do you
get you down when you're out in public
it's not that often I'm usually with a
guy and if I'm not with a guy I'm I
guess kind of intimidating to people my
whole life I've been a person who asks
people out rather than being asked out
and I'm pretty aggressive with it and
guys seem to like that but they also
seem to be kind of intimidated by that
as well seems like the only people that
actually come up and hit on me are like
crazy ghetto degenerates that have no
shame which is kind of sad no hot guys
ask me out zaz asks what do you think of
bullying and have you ever been bullied
I've always been a really confident and
charismatic and even though I was into
like really nerdy things and really
weird things when I was younger and
people didn't get it I was still a
leader and had a lot of friends and
converted a lot of my friends into being
nerdy even so it didn't affect me as
much I mean I've had girls who like want
to beat me up for whatever reason and
I've gotten in fights a few times but it
was never like being oppressed by
bullying I had a lot of nerdy friends
who were being bullied and I would
always stick up for them as much as I
could honestly bullies are just people
who are really insecure about themselves
and often have some kind of inferiority
complex that makes them want to pretend
to be superior to other people or I've
control over other people and I
definitely don't think highly of people
who would do that that's not how you
handle your problems bro and last one
john roberts 121 asks what is the
smallest cock you've been with well i've
been having sex since my early teens so
four inches or something which was
smaller than a guy who had sex was in
the same year who had like five and a
half inches and that was like the
average for guys under 18 at the time as
far as the small stuff had since I was
an adult's um probably about average
five and a half to six what can I say
I'm a size Queen it might not be
necessary for you to have a giant cock
to please a woman or it please me but it
definitely makes it a lot better so I
prefer it I also like pain so there's
that alright guys I hope you enjoyed
this I'm gonna post in the description
some videos on bullying because that was
something that I talked about in a few
other videos but other than that all the
sex questions and everything I talk a
lot about sex on here so you can just
like search topics and see if I've
talked about them tastes have come best
what I think about sighs all of these
things have been answered here on my
channel and I also recommend you check
out my gaming channel youtube.com slash
Tara Babcock games because I do a lot of
Let's Plays highlights other things like
that and I feel like you'll enjoy it
it's not always the most popular in
mainstream games they do try them I hope
you guys have enjoyed this and from now
on I think I'm gonna keep this to
Instagram and patreon so follow me on
instagram Pat's hair about cock and make
sure you keep your eye open for the next
time that I do this which should be
sometime in the middle of next month
thank you guys
you're fucking awesome like the video
subscribe to the channel and make sure
you check out my last Q&A video bye guys
