hey guys welcome to another topic vlog
today i wanted to talk a little bit
about my finances and mostly because
it's that time of year again when I have
to do taxes and also because I got a
message or a comment in one of my videos
or wasn't my videos was it where was it
it was on Instagram when I was posting
updates about my lips they were saying
that they weren't going to subscribe to
my twitch channel anymore because they
didn't want my money going to a certain
place so before I actually talked about
where i allocate my finances and what
I'm thinking about doing with my taxes
and kind of get some advice from you
guys i wanted to say that if you support
me in any way whether its monetary
support or just watching my videos i
really appreciate that like I'm
overjoyed by the fact that you guys are
watching my free content and then giving
back in some way no matter what way it
is i fucking love you guys you're the
guys like family to me and i wouldn't be
able to do without you guys that being
said you don't get to you don't get to
dictate what i do with my finances
whatsoever--like if i want to do
something for myself i'm going to do it
if you feel like your money is going to
where you don't want it to go and you
have a problem with that then you can
just unsubscribe or whatever you're
doing because I don't want your money I
would never for any amount of money live
away I don't feel comfortable or do
something that I don't want to do and if
you feel like giving me money means that
you have the right to control me I don't
want your money basically because as
much as people want to believe it I am
NOT a money whore I don't do this for
money i don't like show off my boobs for
you guys it's for me this is how I am
I'm not trying to get your money I'm
trying to make a living and I'm trying
to do what I love making a living and I
don't really understand I don't judge
people who like have sex with you heaven
or in order to stay in his mansion and
you know get things paid for by him or
any other older guy or there's like a
weird relationship where someone is only
dating someone because they want a
better life you know because they want
to use them for money I don't I don't
judge those people more often than not
the old guy knows what's going down and
he just wants to have you know a lovely
girl by his side and in that way he's
taking advantage of her just as much as
she's taking advantage of him and that's
how I see the situation but I could
never personally live that way ever like
there is no amount of money that anyone
can give me to make me have sex with
someone I don't want to have sex with to
make me live a lie
I don't want to live like if I get all
of these like if I'm in that mindset of
the girl who takes advantage of someone
for their money or whatever or date
someone they're not attracted to in
order to get his fortune I'm thinking
like I'm not living a happy life so what
I have these products that I want or
whatever but I'm living in a situation
where I'm not comfortable and doing
things for money that i am not
comfortable doing and changing my
lifestyle or changing my comfortability
is not worth any amount of money for me
that's why I wouldn't have sex for money
that's why I wouldn't get blowjobs for
money a lot of people say they have the
price will my prices like just being
comfortable in general I don't know what
I would do if I didn't have the money to
just survive to just be comfortable like
that's a whole different story but for
just like superfluous money like it
doesn't make any sense to me like I want
to be rich so bad that I'm gonna suck a
dick and like well I like psychic I like
sucking dicks that i like to suck okay
so it's not like I don't suck dick but I
will not suck some old man's dick for
money it just it's not worth it to me
because the gain is so little like to me
money is like a necessary evil and I
really do want to have enough money to
be comfortable and it really gives me a
swell of pride to know that I can make
money doing what I love or the people
like my videos so much that they watch
it enough to get me like any ad revenue
like that is so fucking beautiful to me
and I am so proud of where I have come
and the money is just kind of like a
number that shows that i have it
increased in popularity and that people
like what i do and that's what makes me
happy it's not the money so I just don't
understand that and it's not something
that I will do so if someone says if you
stop you know buying video games or if
you stop getting plastic surgery or if
you stop a living with Jay or something
and I give you this amount of money I
would never do it because it's just not
worth it to me that means that I got
another one I wanted to talk about like
why I'm able to afford plastic surgery
because I'm in no way at all rich like I
do not make six figures I am NOT doing
amazingly well Jay doesn't have a job
I'm like paying for everything and I'm
struggling at some point it's all very
it's it's I'm trying to save and its
income that is you know could be very
not stable and I'm just trying to build
slowly what I have and I'm very proud of
where I've come from but it's not
stable if that makes any sense so what I
do when I have extra money is a lot of
people will put it away like most people
who put it away for a vacation in my
opinion my vacation my best vacation is
sitting on the couch playing video games
when I have a chance to do that when I
have a chance to sit on the couch and
play video games or spend a day like
going out and watching movies like I
still haven't watched the new fucking
Star Wars it's crazy but like what I get
to do that that's my vacation I fucking
hate traveling I'm not interested in
seeing the world my perfection is right
here in my house playing video games and
spending time with Jay and fucking
watching clone wars which only have
three more episodes of holy shit ah a
sokka man dude go to watch that series
so fucking good even better than the
movies I would say but anyway um I don't
spend money on on going to places that
that's like thousands of dollars to go
on a vacation especially if you have a
family I'm not gonna spend the millions
of dollars that it takes to raise a
child in my lifetime or have a family
like that it's not going to happen I'm
not going to spend money on a big
wedding or a wedding at all I don't
spend money on trying to have a car that
makes me look like I'm more wealthy that
I am that's another thing a lot of
people spend money on so when I have a
little extra money I either save it give
it to an animal-based charity or I get
plastic surgery or some new video games
or video game paraphernalia and that's
what I decided to do I had to go to my
plastic surgeon to see how much it would
cost so I could plan for the future when
I do have to get an upgrade on my boobs
and while I was there I was like why not
fucking treat myself you know I kind of
want to boost it's been a really long
time since I've gotten my alloderm
implants and they've kind of worn off so
why the fuck not and I did it for myself
and I mean when you go out and buy like
a CD like not a lot of people do that
anymore but when you go and buy a CD or
a video game you don't feel like you get
to dictate how many hookers and blow
they fucking buy with the money that you
just spent and it's just ridiculous that
someone thinks that they can do that or
that someone thinks that you know that
even makes sense it's just crazy like
people act like you tubing is not a real
job people act like streaming is not a
real job but it's very much so a real
job media is something that has always
been paid for and the fact that we're
making free media and someone might like
it so much that they want to you know
donate a little bit it helps a lot
because ad revenue is fucking shit and
it just makes sense doesn't make you a
money-grubbing whore if you spend your
whole day like I do like my eyes are red
right now I don't know how
our but I've recorded like three videos
edited to and I'm going to stream after
this for like fucking six hours and I do
that every day and that is my day and
that's everything that I do and I don't
even have time for my so-called
vacations on the couch much often and
it's more than a real job like trying to
make an empire off of nothing or of
yourself or off of your talents it's
like being a starving artist and it's
beautiful and it's great I wouldn't
trade it for the world and it's like
even better than modeling which also is
just something that is half the time
free work you know and it just doesn't
make any sense that people act like Oh
get a real job or oh you shouldn't be
paid for this like I spend my whole day
doing it and hopefully i make people
laugh and hopefully i make people think
and that's why I fucking do it now
that's pretty much what I do with my you
know superfluous income which I don't
have that much of and what I'm thinking
of doing on my taxes is like Jay does
some editing for me like for the gaming
channel I don't have a lot of time to do
editing he does the the retro series is
the main one that he does he doesn't do
much more editing most of the editing I
do myself but i was thinking like what
if i put him on my payroll as as a as an
employee would that be better than just
not having him file at all or like i
don't know how many of you guys are tax
experts but i would like advice on this
topic i've been thinking about either
putting him on as a as an employee or
putting Mon as a dependent which kind of
sounds really fucking stupid but he
plans on streaming at some point and
that seems like a cool Avenue to go down
because I think he's really funny and
he's always really good at games he was
like masters in starcraft and you know
if he wasn't playing duo with me and
having to you know stay where i am and
stuff i don't know if it's like my skill
the champions i play or the fact that
duo / dynamic queue is just fucking us
in terms of matchups but I mean he's
staying down in the level that I am but
I have confidence that he could even be
challenger at some point so the fact
that he is so good at video games and so
dedicated to things that are competitive
I think he would be a great streamer but
until then I don't know if I should put
him on my stuff or if it's more
beneficial to me if I'll you know
because I don't know if it's right off
you know what I'm saying like I get to
write off so many things because I work
from home most of the time or I get to
write off like my travel to like things
like III or my travel to you know
modeling shoots I get to write off my
makeup but I have to
actually pay like all of my fucking
taxes back at the end of the year and
it's like so fucking stressful i'm like
i don't know how much i'm gonna I was
gonna be awful so if you guys have any
advice should i go to like a should i
get an accountant or should i just like
do it myself what is the procedure here
I'm like so lost and it's it's pretty
new that I have so many different
avenues of money coming in like from so
many different places that I have to
like have a bunch of 1099s and I'm just
like so confused so if you guys have any
advice for me that would be wonderful
but I just want to let you guys know
what I primarily do with my money I it's
really nice because I don't have to
spend that much money on games anymore
because a lot of the games i can get
through either being pressed where I
just like put it up on losing my
virginity and then I get to have like
alpha access to the game or I get the
game after it comes out like that's
really amazing to me and that's
something that I will always cherish
because I don't have to spend hundreds
of dollars on games every month and then
people will gift them to me and you know
guys don't know how much it helps when
you guys gift me something like oh my
god like if you've got a second copy of
a game that you don't need or anything
like that I I fucking love having a big
game library and seems like the best
thing and I don't have any more fucking
room for like my actual games like
you've seen my apartment if you watch
the apartment or like I don't have any
room like games are just piling on the
side there and I don't know i like
having physical copies of games i like
having collector's editions but right
now i just don't have a place for it i
have been thinking about maybe saving up
for this shao kahn figure that I saw and
it's like 450 bucks and needles cane one
of my moderators on twitch showed it to
me I'm like oh my god it's so amazing
it's like four hundred dollars why the
fuck I don't know so yeah um I just
don't even let you guys in on that
because I have absolutely nothing to
hide but I do have strong opinions on
how i want my life to be and how I want
to conduct myself and where I want my
money to go and I don't feel like anyone
else can dictate that like it's my own
personal sit like you I feel like you
guys are family so I love telling you
guys things but when some random idiot
comes in and tries to dictate what I'm
doing with my money when it's a
privilege that he knows that shit like
he's not a supporter of me he doesn't
give a shit about me and the fact that
he gets to know intimate knowledge about
what I do with my money he doesn't get
to like fuck
talk shit about that he doesn't get to
have an opinion on that it's my fucking
life and I am choosing to show it with
you guys and I feel like a lot of people
need to be more appreciative of the fact
that I'm not like super fake bimbo that
just lies about everything and is like
oh these are real and this is real like
it's so fucking stupid some people act
and how some people don't like they come
in first time comments are on my videos
and they're like this bitch is showing
boobs just for attention out she wants
his money and like if they saw how
little money I make up ad revenues and
if they saw how like the money struggles
that I've had in the past and like right
now even and like the stress for the
future and the fact that I'm like
planning and saving and then I get to do
this one thing for myself in like what
two or three years like it just doesn't
make any sense to bitch about that like
I'm fake appearance is what I like it's
just this is what makes me happy this is
comfortable if it was like this it would
be like oh there's holes here and it
looks really stupid and I'm just I'm so
insecure I love my body and I respect my
body and that's why I show it off and
it's just part of who I am like I feel
like I use sexuality and that's just who
I am and I would never change then
changing that to get some like
superficial respect from someone else
would just be disrespecting myself and I
tell people this so fucking often but I
feel like it needs to be said more often
than it has been because people keep
bringing it up alright guys I love you
let me know if you have any ideas about
being self employed in terms of tax and
what I should do to save the most money
and if going to like tax acts or
whatever is a bad idea or if i should
actually invest in like a real like
accountant just let me know anything
helps any tips help I love you guys I'll
see you next time oh you are so fucking
wonderful how do you like the new
lighting I asked in my last video but
new lighting yes more dynamic more hi
guys I love you seriously so fucking
amazing
