hey guys welcome to this month's sample
box unboxing why it's February already
oh the smell of the flavors is seeping
through the box yes well it may be an
upload day off I'm still here to bring
you more epic contents but before I get
to unbox and try one of these delicious
flavors I've got some extra stuff to
unbox my new kangertech sub box nano I'm
super excited about this it's fuckin
pink and it's smaller than my other sub
box this is also my belated Christmas
gift from the sample box team so I just
wanted to say thank you you fucking
treat your team amazing and before we
get into unboxing this bad boy I just
want to let you guys know if you have
any questions or concerns about the
health of vaping do your own research
and don't listen to all the slanderous
content out there made by cigarette
companies that are gonna lose a lot of
money if they make a vaping go away for
good a lot of it is politics and not
facts keep your mind open do your own
research and now that I'm done with my
little PSA for the video let's go to the
fun part whoa
in all of its packaged glory trusty box
cutter let's go ahead and open this now
that I think about it's pretty
interesting how close Valentine's Day is
and I'm all pinked out and I'm opening a
pink sub box this would actually be a
great Valentine's Day gift especially if
your significant other is trying really
hard to quit smoking or she just Bates
in general now that we've got that off
we just pull off the top and this is
what it looks like and it opens like
this in all of its pinky goodness take
the part out that's housing the device
and underneath we have the manual and
extra spare parts and some ads and
things Oh even comes with a pink
charging cable this is the cutest thing
in the world
I'm loving this already alright let's
take it out screw it in and this is
where we're gonna put the battery I'm
gonna use the one from my other sub box
because I only have one battery right
now put it in like that put the lid back
on which is cool and magnetized it's
really easy to take off and put on but
it also stays there 1 2 3 4 5 and it's
on oh yeah pink and beautiful so here's
the difference between the sub box mini
and the sub box Nano as you can see the
place where you fill it up is
considerably smaller as well as the
mouthpiece but everything else is pretty
much the same I'm loving her already
alright guys now that I've unboxed my
new pink kangertech sub box nano it's
time to unbox and try out some new
flavors oh where did I get this mom
open her up and we've got my tasting
menu let's see what it has fruition
Froot Loops cereal and milk boo g35
tropical fruit and coconut menthol I
love doughnuts sugary glaze cake
doughnut with blueberries sandstorm
caramelized apple and cinnamon crumble
sweep the leg
green apple bubblegum and wake up call
French vanilla latte with whip and
caramel I really feel like I want to try
fruit loops in cereals so that's the one
we're gonna be trying today but we
haven't even unboxed the box yet keep
calm and vape with us we always get
stickers of course vape what you love
and a sample box rating card
okay so let's unveil our product this
time look at all of that sugary and
fruity goodness oh it smells so fucking
good it always smells like a smell that
reminds me of the milk you have leftover
after you had like three bowls of Froot
Loops
so fucking delectable I love Donuts
baked fresh daily
Oh Kier does that seduce juice oh this
bottle is pretty big so the seduced
juice is the one we're gonna be trying
today I'll go ahead and put this down
and we can load my sub box don't take it
off like so open your illiquid and put
it in avoiding the hole now we screw it
back on nice and tight definitely have
to make sure it's tight that's what he
said make sure your carb isn't too open
carb is this little thing right here I
don't know if you guys can agree with
this anecdote but it's kind of like when
you're making a bong out of an old pop
can and you have to put a few holes that
you cover when you're taking a hit and
then you take your thumb off of it at
the end you get like a huge burst of
whatever you're smoking that happens to
be legal in Washington yeah it's kind of
like that it basically just allows you
to get a stronger hit alright we have
this set at 50 watts which is not what I
want right now so let's turn that down I
now have it set up like 24 just to try
it out and remember you have to
experiment with every different flavor
let's try it
definitely very serially I'm trying to
make ozone I can't do it I'll figure it
out one day I can't do a goddamn it I
love this little guy so much smaller so
much more convenient and it's pink so
you can't go wrong anyway I would give
the flavor like a six out of ten I feel
like it starts out just being like
harshly fruity which doesn't remind me
of breakfast cereal and then at the end
you kind of get like a little hint of
like breakfast cereal which is kind of
like bread II if that makes any sense
obviously I don't have a very eloquent
palate for this kind of thing but if you
guys want to try the exact same flavors
and give your take on the products I do
sample box Terra box giveaways every
third or fourth week of the month so
every month you had the opportunity to
get a terrible which is a special
message from me inside as well as the
exact same box I got that month pretty
cool huh
as always my liquids are nicotine free
if you're trying to wean off its best to
slowly and gradually get rid of the
nicotine in yours but nicotine sucks so
if you cannot get it don't like the
video subscribe to the channel and let
me know if you like these kinds of
unboxings next time I might have more
vaping facts or it might be unboxing a
new vape phobia which is what I call
these I don't know thanks for watching
guys don't forget to like the video and
check out sample voxcom which is
literally the fucking best way to get
liquids and vaping is a hundred times
better than smoking and you don't smell
like shit I'll actually want to hug you
alright guys see you next month or later
in the month for the giveaway mwah
I just can't do it
