hey guys welcome to a new episode of
fanservice Friday the series that has
nothing to offer other than gratuitous
fanservice with the message that it's
dumb as fuck to take yourself too
seriously and you should never deny your
sexuality which is natural so have
fucking fun with it it's embracing and
having fun with my sexuality makes me a
slut so we it now that we've got that
little intro out of the way I'm gonna do
underboob this week but I have a really
cool spin that I'm gonna put on it I
have a bunch of awesome nerdy or game or
crewneck shirts which don't fit me very
well because I have huge tits in a small
waist but what they are good for is
fucking under boob I am the biggest fan
in the world of under boob I swear at
least a third of my modeling shoots
involves some kind of under boob so
today I'm going to show off some of my
favorite gamer or nerd shirts under boob
style I think I have at least 75 of
these shirts but I just picked a few of
my favorites that I could find and yeah
maybe like a third of them came from
loot crate but the rest I bought off of
jinx comm or other places I love
collecting these shirts I just wish they
fit better without further ado let's cue
the underboob montage
Oh
all right guys I hope you enjoyed this
episode of fanservice Friday I ordered a
bunch of clothes for next fanservice
Friday because it seems like you guys
did like the fashion show idea and there
will be skirts and shorts booty shorts
also I plan on doing a lip oriented
fanservice Fridays soon that's something
that's highly requested as well and
maybe some camel toe and more butt shots
alright guys like the video subscribe to
the channel and please check out my
gaming channel at youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games because without that
channel I wouldn't have this channel and
I would have never started youtubing or
streaming and I wouldn't be living my
dreams right now so thank you I hope you
guys have a wonderful Valentine's Day
too I'm off to go play some honeypot
from my other channel bye guys
