hey guys and welcome to this week's
episode of Tara Reid's comments I could
plan some kind of funny intricate intro
but honestly I just want to get this
shit over with and go play some video
games
what the debauchery begin I'm pretty
sure that she used to be a dude and then
she still has a penis someone is not
familiar with my modeling pics some of
those things leave nothing to the
imagination also if I was born a dude I
would have stayed a dude being a girl is
easier don't get me wrong but I feel
like I would definitely make an awesome
dude and do some great things with a
penis it's the only way you can get
views to have your tits hanging out and
name your video shit like loosing my
virginity totally the only Wagner views
because some people click on a video of
me playing rise of the Tomb Raider and
after it says rise of the Tomb Raider it
says losing my virginity people actually
think I'm having sex in that video and
they click because they're excited it's
totally not just a cute gimmicky tera
esque name no no I can't be that the
only way you can get viewers is wait you
just can't get viewers no matter what
sorry bro you do kind of have to have a
personality and know the difference
between loose and lose you know like how
your mom's so loose that your dad is
losing oh my nose is running fuck no yo
said she said I know so guys that tried
their own cum fuck no and then some
emoticons I can't make out if I was a
guy I would definitely try my own come
and I would make it a point to be more
literate than this guy Tara another pro
tip getting a girl drunk and then giving
them gifts can give you a huge point
bonus making getting upgrades easier I
just love how you guys are gonna take
this out of context because a lot of you
guys are not subscribed to my gaming
channel youtube.com slash terryback pal
games but I'm currently playing a game
called huniepop which is basically just
a hentai dating sim and yes getting
girls drunk and giving them gifts is
part of the gameplay best strategy game
ever wow just wow I've been an addict
for four years to masturbating and guess
what it brought to me nothing this is a
response to my no FAP is goal video I've
had weak erection since last year six
months to one year and I usually have
boners made of steel so don't you even
try to make me look like I'm weak by
Nature it gets worse look at this yes he
did a whole college sized thesis on why
no FAP is good bro it's common sense you
should never be addicted to anything of
course I can hinder your life but
completely eradicating something that
moderation is great is fuckin in basilic
and I didn't need to ride a thousand
word essay to tell you that I can't
believe you wrote so much I didn't even
read the whole thing there's like no way
I saw this shit I'm like screenshot
that's going in Tara Reid's comments but
this little gem at the bottom caught my
eye probably you have a future of being
a porn star since you're showing almost
all of your tits and that's why you're
defending fapping you clearly know
nothing about me because I'm not going
to and nor have I ever been a porn star
secondly no FAP is actually good for my
business since I'm not a porn star
because then people will be more
sexually frustrated and watch my videos
I just legitimately think that having no
sexual release is actually bad for you
and really stupid and not a good way to
combat any kind of addiction and so many
people are doing no fab and advocating
it when they don't have an addiction and
that's just ridiculous
fat to your heart's content I don't
believe the stories tie-in that much
granted I haven't finished one nor do I
have to this is literally how people
formulate their comments on YouTube
except for this guy's actually admitting
he has no experience thanks now I have
no idea of XCOM 1 & 2 have story that
tie in together you didn't even finish
one and you haven't played 2 at least
he's honest about ignorant he actually
is good for nothing although other
youtuber trolls can learn from this guy
if you don't have any actual knowledge
to back up what you think at least
mention it in the comments that way we
can just ignore you hi Tara I'm a huge
fan
how much dollar signs dollar signs do I
need to contribute on patreon to send a
dick pic well you can send me dick pics
for free I'm pretty sure in a fair world
I would have to pay for dick pics oh my
god this gives me a great business idea
you give me ten bucks and send me a dick
pic and I will give you a rating I'll
even write up one of those thousand word
essays like that other guy about your
penis ah the girth and the length just
complement each other so nicely and
those three veins on the bottom side
near your friend limb I'm so amazing I
can't honestly tell from a picture but
your penis looks so rock-hard I'm
thinking of steel beams vascular
proportionate aesthetic your cock has it
all and more thanks for the $10 I hope
you enjoyed that my skills of being a
writer put to use
thanks dick pics dying light DLC I'm
gagging to grab and Far Cry primal is
top of my list to play this year
I need time line TLC make sense I must
not be much of a gamer cuz I've
literally ever wanted a game so bad a
sort of gagging Oh time to fat sigh I
heard understand for me it's like time
to fab why is everyone acting like
fapping and such a fucking burden time
to join no FAP a community of idiots
that think that you get confidence from
not masturbating
sorry no FAP guys I just think your shit
is so stupid I enjoy fapping and so
should you
by the way Tara I found you off of
zooming games I thought you were cool
and when I searched you up the first
thing I saw was your butt atop your
bathroom counter I was in my butt I must
be getting pretty loose so this guy's
like I'm sorry but you have amazing
breasts I must now jack off to your
beautiful physique so I get these
comments off of a chronological list of
all of the comments on the channel and
this comment was posted three hours ago
only one comment was posted before his
next one which was and I just came it
was that fast thank you oh shit the
middle comment isn't amphetamine hey
baby girl
moving on fucking slut you have such
little to offer as a woman your basic
and narrow-minded bitch so don't start
demanding all these luxurious features
from guys well it's like I'm buying a
new car your men now come fully equipped
with a large and spacious scrotum and a
cock long enough to pulverize your guts
now what kind of leather would you like
black white or Asian but actually be
kind of a nice way to find guys I want
my men manufactured no lie I would
totally be in for like Android or cyborg
sex or even just like straight of robot
Tara please humiliation on my little
penis well I'm sorry but there's not
enough room for me to get on it so I can
humiliation there it's all I got picture
ID I'm sorry have you ever heard of s
shirt like guys might like that but
people don't think it makes you cuter I
haven't heard of s shirt please tell me
more guys like it but people don't think
it makes me cuter some men aren't people
extrapolated that you're a fucking
sexist double standards that was about a
woman he would be ostracized from the
internet so stupid throughout the video
I was just looking at the two jewels she
has Thanks
- of course I'm talking about the game
Cuba Nintendo 64 in the background drat
those are pretty awesome though right do
you want to do porns with me I'm German
male nein nein nein this common thread
is so hilarious
you make my cock so hard Tara shut the
fuck up virgin it was a prank you cancer
patient neck yourself that's not what a
prank is you dumbass then some other guy
comes in he's like you mean joke and
then some other guy comes in and says
this entire conversation reeks of
14-year old virgin
hahahaha and then some chick comes in
and she's like so does your room I bet
mate good comebacks good comebacks I
like that shit of course she likes
coming back she's a slut who likes
combing her back mmm true that brother
have it on my face though that wasn't an
actual comment that was just me making
fun of myself and their replying to the
troll that is inside me yeah shows a
video of you nude this is a role playing
shows a video of you nude sits back and
watches the comments I've never been a
larper or a DND chick I wish to see you
completely naked and lick your anus and
clitoris things dreams are made of
hit me up Super Saiyan fuck you ugly ass
slut no guys gonna FAP to that fake ass
lame ass smelly ass bullshit ass whore
like asked hits my tits are not smelly
alright guys I'll leave you with that
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel and check out more of my
Tara Reid's comments videos cuz they're
pretty fucking funny and there's a lot
of them I hope you guys enjoyed and once
again I'm using different lighting I'm
just using the ring light in the front
but I have the soft boxes on the side to
light up the stuff in the back because I
was getting an overwhelming amount of
people saying that they like the new
light but they like the old light too
because the backgrounds more lit up and
they want to see all the cool stuff I
have behind me compromise let me know in
the comments Wow something serious on
Tara Reid's comments I'm sorry guys and
if you guys want you're serious and nice
comments to be heard I will have the
second episode of my social media QA
this weekend so stay tuned for that I
take all of your questions from
Instagram Twitter Facebook what have you
even patreon love you guys yes even the
trolls see you soon
fuck the trolls not actually fuck them
or just like screw them but not actually
screw them yeah bye
