hey guys I have a special video for you
today I promised myself that next time I
get any kind of procedure done I would
do a sort of procedure diary and since
I'm not really doing anything until I
get to my perfect weight goal and my
body proportion goal I've decided to do
a video on getting my crowns done this
actually might help more people out than
any of the other procedure videos that I
might do because you guys actually might
get dental work and most of you don't
get any plastic surgery so a little
background on my dental work I was
really young when I was biking with my
friend Chris and I ran into the back of
his fucking bike fell off and chipped my
two front teeth my mom was really cool
and didn't make me go back to school
until it was fixed but I basically got
some kind of like temporary buildup on
my teeth and was instructed I should get
crowns when I turn 18
well the buildup worked fine but then I
actually had to get a root canal a root
canal is necessary when your tooth
starts dying and in order to make it not
fall out completely you have to take out
the root so it doesn't atrophy and fall
out of your head basically but with the
root canal your tooth starts to discolor
more often than not from the inside out
so you can't bleach it and that's what's
happening with this tooth I think it's
this one another one so when I turned 18
I went in to get veneers and my mom was
even gonna pay for it and then I got
scared and decided to do a new set of
buildup I'm not sure what the technical
term is for it veneers are basically
like a little porcelain cover that
covers the front of your teeth to make
them look really nice kind of like a
facade on a house but it means shaving
down your actual tooth and then putting
a cover over it and that to me just
sounded freaky so I wanted to avoid it
chickened out and ended up going with
the other thing and then just swore up
and down that the discoloration I have
from getting a root canal because I
broke my two front teeth wouldn't show
up anyway the second buildup didn't
change the fact that my tooth was still
discoloring so the dentist was a lying
asshole and now I finally decided to go
through with it
and fucking get veneers but since the
two front teeth are pretty brittle in
the first place my dentist said I should
get crowns crowns are pretty much like
veneers except for they covered the
whole tooth and not just the front and I
also need to get like a rebar thing in
my fucking tooth the one that had the
root canal to make it stronger so this
isn't only like an aesthetic procedure
it's also a procedure to make my teeth
stronger I haven't eaten a caramel apple
or bit with the front two teeth in like
a long time so for the past like month
I've been bleaching my teeth the
bleaching I went with was opalescence
the first procedure is done in office
and it's call
about 300 bucks maybe a little less but
the reason it's so much money is you get
this cool tray that matches your teeth
perfectly so you can continue to apply
it as much as you want at home and these
syringes with the opalescence formula
are only like 20 bucks so after that the
upkeep is pretty cheap look it's my
teeth anyway you put this stuff in here
put it on your teeth
set it for 30 minutes take it out rinse
and you're good I've been doing this
twice a day for a couple weeks now to
prepare for my crowns because my crowns
have to be perfectly matched to my other
teeth and you can't darken them or
lighten them later so I want my teeth
right now to be as white as possible so
the crowns are wide as possible and I
just have like a perfect smile basically
naturally I have about a b1 shade which
is the lightest natural shade and it's
quote the lightest natural shade you can
have for someone over 30 but why would I
want a natural shade you guys know me I
want like perfection so I've been
bleaching to try to get like a really
really like bleach shade higher than b1
is a BL one which is a bleach color and
that's what I've been striving for so
hopefully I'm at least some bleach color
so before I get my actual crowns
tomorrow I'm going in to get temporaries
on which means they're going to do the
shaping down of the teeth they put on
these little temporaries that are not
the exact color and shape that my final
ones are gonna be and I'm really hoping
they don't look retarded because I have
to have them for like two weeks before I
get the actual crowns on and that's when
I'll get the rebar in my tooth and my
crowns and I'll be done but it's a
really scary process so wish me luck
guys
not that you guys are gonna see this
video before because I'm gonna compile
it all into one video but I will update
you off to the dentist ok guys so I'm
back from getting my temporaries and
this is what they look like these are
the temporaries looks kind of red still
near my gums but yeah you can't really
tell the intricacies with bright
modeling lines so I'll put some pictures
anyway they're definitely not perfect
but it's really nice to not have that
weird discolored bright tooth and I
figured out why you need to get the
temporaries before you can get the real
crowns basically they need to shave your
teeth down to these little stubs which
is gross by the way and I'll spare you
the one picture that I did take of
myself that way and then they scan all
around to make sure that the tooth
that's made for you in the lab is
absolutely perfect you can't get it done
in office with same day crowns but those
crowns don't get lighter than b1 and my
teeth are a bleach color so right now my
two front teeth are actually darker than
the rest of my teeth but not by as much
as that one tooth was also the right one
is a lot longer than the left one
longer you guys wouldn't notice it but I
notice it and when I was telling the
chick she was like really and she's
likely only gonna have him for two weeks
so I felt bad
making her perfect them one yeah I'm
only gonna have him for two weeks so it
was about a two hour procedure they
numbs me up really well it didn't hurt
at all which is surprising because
usually numbing doesn't really work for
me I'm really bad with anesthesia and
then they just started kind of drilling
away at my teeth and they put in a
little post so this tooth is a lot
stronger now and then after that they
brought in the in office made
temporaries spelled them down a little
bit and stuck them on and I'm sooo not
allowed to bite on apples or anything
because these could actually like come
off which is creepy but most likely they
won't after the 2 hour appointment I was
a little bit sore I bled a little bit
but it wasn't like the most insanely
painful thing broken out definitely 10
times more painful and getting your
wisdom teeth out way more painful I went
to the lab and the lab looked at my
teeth under the certain light took
pictures and told me I was the bleach
color and then showed me the color and
I'm super excited I'm a bleach color yes
and now I have to wait two weeks for
them to complete it it's really cool
because the place looked like this like
high-tech sweatshop but with like
Americans obviously and not underaged
kids and then we're just working away on
different prosthetics and teeth it was
fucking insane it was even a guy in the
back with a torch so now I have to do is
wait two weeks and then I'll have my
perfect new teeth I'll update you guys
later bye tada
hey guys this is my last update to my
procedure diary for my crown slash
dental work slash whitening it has been
a fucking almost two month long journey
that should have taken like two and a
half weeks I was supposed to have date
you a week ago so now I'm gonna update
you about what happened a week ago so
about a week ago god I fucking hate that
song I went to the dentist because I was
informed that my crowns had come in
which I was already really annoyed about
because when I called two weeks after my
x-rays were submitted they told me that
the dentist would only submit the x-rays
like a couple days before so the dentist
and the lab we're both telling me that
it should only take maximum two weeks
but the dentist took two weeks to even
send the x-rays if you guys have been
watching my phone vlogs you know this
has been endlessly fucking annoying for
me and this process has been terrible I
was so mad about it I didn't even want
to make an update because I was just
gonna rant and waste a lot of time
anyway I go in to check out my crowns
and they look fucking awful at least to
me like there
fine but they weren't perfect at all and
when you google veneers or you google
crowns and you're trying to improve upon
your teeth I get a lot of perfect teeth
so it's not just me being crazy they
looked really bad this is not what I
wanted so anyway I told them that it's
not at all what I wanted and it dentist
sent me home with the crowns and said
that I should go talk to the lab now at
this point I was feeling like there's no
communication between the lab and the
dentist and they're really not synced so
I call the lab in the lab tells me that
I need to take out my temporaries which
means I have a weird shave and down
teeth drive to the lab get them fitted
and then go back to the dentist and they
said they might even have to redo them
so I was like oh how long is this
process gonna take and I have like no
faith in them anymore I was like so
stressed out and so sick of it
so at one point I actually had the lab
call my dentist and be like can you guys
please just get this shit in order and
JE like took the phone and helped out
because I'm like really bad with dealing
with stuff like that which I'm eternally
grateful for but anyway they can only
schedule me for a week later so I had to
fucking have the temporaries for another
week uh one will this end right so
yesterday was my appointment date with
the lab I go to the dentist get my
temporaries off put them back on
Vaseline which was really weird so I was
like toothless but not really I Drive
down to the lab and the lab is telling
me all these things like oh they should
look more natural Oh blah blah blah at
least they saw the color difference
because they were really off and on the
phone they're giving me the shit like
your teeth must be really white if this
isn't wide enough and I'm like yeah what
do you want I want fucking bleach colors
so they tell me that they're gonna do a
bunch of different things to try to fix
it but do they think longer teeth is
more feminine and youthful well I'm
thinking I don't really care what anyone
else thinks I've had teeth that are
almost the same size as these teeth for
a while and it's just the way I like it
I like my two front teeth to be slightly
longer than the others and that's it and
I see a lot of people who like much
longer teeth and I'm like you kind of
look like a bunny even though that's
like the Hollywood look I want the Tara
look so from then on it was actually
kind of like a dream even though she had
her own opinions about what looked
natural that I didn't care about her and
our Prentice were very helpful from then
it took about an hour and they were
actually able to get them almost perfect
for me at least perfect enough for me to
be okay with it I think it's pretty
crazy but they can do it that lab and
it's really hot in there to go back to
the dentist
get my teeth cemented on and then
fucking done and the first thing I do is
go straight to Panera Bread and get
those baguettes to be like hardest
fucking arms like rah
first time in like 15 years or something
I can finally bite things that are kind
of hard to bite I've been like biting
everything I swear in some lights
there's still a little bit darker than
the rest of my teeth but in some lights
they look fucking perfect anyway I'm
really happy that I'm a perfectionist
even if it causes me a lot of grief and
I finally got what I wanted and got
another lesson in standing my ground and
not letting people dictate what I look
like or what I have in my mouth alright
guys I hope you enjoyed this procedure
diary let me know in the comments if you
like this kind of thing I'm gonna
hopefully start incorporating a bunch of
videos of me actually going to the
places when applicable obviously some
places don't allow me to take video and
kind of involve you in the process
because even though this is my own
personal thing and only I can choose
what I want to look like or do to my
body it's nice to take you guys along
for the ride and listen to what you guys
have to say because I do care thank you
so much for watching I hope this helped
anyone who wants to get crowns and I
hope it was just interesting for you
guys next up I'm gonna be doing lip
injections so stay tuned for that I love
you guys so much
subscribe if you like the content and
give it a like for perfect white teeth
bye guys oh not creepy right
