hey guys I tried to find an angle in my
room where there was actually light
shining on me and I'm also trying to
make sure that I don't have some kind of
terrible nip slip here but today I'm
gonna have a more concise vlog than
usually the Monday phone vlogs are
because I have a topic on my mind and I
actually had to dismantle my setup to
take pictures of Jay for his trying to
become a citizen picture which is
basically just like a passport picture
and I can do that because I have a DSLR
yes but anyway um this week has been
good that's my update for the week
basically it's it's been good it's been
fun I had no problems and everything was
great and it was just a productive week
other than I guess a few moments of
being really stressed out at League
which you guys might have seen on stream
but I wanted to talk today about people
being haters online versus in real life
and a lot of people will just
immediately give you the shallow answer
of why people aren't as much haters in
real life and they'll just say well
they're too afraid to say it to your
face and in some ways in many ways
that's very very true and that is the
reason but I feel like that's a very
shallow analysis that doesn't take in to
account all of the different variables
basically and I hate it when people just
make an assumption without taking into
account all of the variables it's the
same way and the same reason that I hate
statistics online like people will give
you a statistic and it's like well what
were all the variables like maybe this
person Stud are tested that way because
this person had this variable involved
in their study and it's just like really
stupid that statistics they'll try to
give you statistics from like reputable
like colleges or companies and then they
don't actually give you details and
people will just like soak in those
statistics and just not give it a second
thought well for me there are a bunch of
different variables as to why people
hate on me on the Internet like
viciously and maliciously and constantly
as opposed to how little hate I get in
real life and here are some of my
thoughts and I'm thinking about this
because I'm going to magic today and
I've noticed my entire time playing
magic I've been playing for about two
and a half years and that requires
almost all online or in real life
interactions you know because you
actually go to real tournaments and
stuff I don't play MTG oh really I have
a few times
like a few little points in my life
played MTG oh but not much um so I was
thinking about that how I never get hate
when I actually go out and do things and
people actually generally seem to like
me um one of the reasons is because like
haters just come in and see me and speak
out loud and it is because you know
they're behind the safety of anonymity
and a screen right and they'll just like
say something hateful and then I'll
either not respond to them or I'll
respond in a bitchy making fun of them
away and that doesn't make them like me
but like if someone has to sit down
across from me and they're thinking oh
what a fucking fake ugly bitch then I'm
like hi how are you oh yeah and I'm just
like nice there's it's really hard for
someone to viscerally hate me after that
like they can deep down hate me for
whatever insecure reasons they hated me
before but it's not gonna be as strong
of a hate because I was initially nice
to them that's one of the reasons
another reason is because if I'm playing
league like a lot of people see League
is like a cash cow for some reason they
think that with me at a hundred to five
hundred viewers I'm gonna actually be
making a decent amount of money so it's
worth it for me to do this so they just
see me and they think oh it's just
another porn star or whatever the fuck
they think I am on the internet trying
to make money but what I meant magic
like there is literally no monetary gain
to being - wasting my Friday nights in
my Saturdays at magic so it's a little
bit different it's like I get instant
like nerd cred because I actually go and
do these things and if people see their
hear on the internet that I play magic
they're probably thinking Oh er eh that
fucking bitch just held up magic cards
and looked sexy and she was the fucking
slut and they don't even actually
haven't seen me at tournaments all the
time and know that I play and know my
personality and this phenomenon the next
phenomenon I'm gonna talk about is
something that I've actually experienced
and it's weird because I don't really
have empathy that often and I don't have
a lot of emotions but like I'll get
really fucking mad at a delivery guy for
not being able to find my apartment
you're really fucking mad and annoyed
and I'm like so fucking frustrated then
they forget to take the fucking the
Canadian bacon off the sandwiches or
whatever and I'm like oh and then I open
the door and he's like just a really
like sad pathetic confused person with
like a nice demeanor and then I I feel
like I don't need
I don't need to be angry at him anymore
it's like a kind of like okay I've met
this person in real life and I've seen
this person face-to-face and now I just
either feel sorry for him or I'm like oh
he's too nice to be mad at you know that
kind of thing
and I feel like that's along the same
vein is the first thing I talked about
where you know I'm really nice to them
so why would they actually Harbor such
anger toward me you know it's hard to
when you meet someone face-to-face and a
lot of it is just them not having the
courage to say things like that to my
face or knowing that if they do say
something like that to my face in such a
public setting well first of all if
you're doing it at magic and it's a
sanctioned tournament you actually like
can get expelled from magic forever you
can get banned like that's not something
you're allowed to do especially they're
very sensitive with women like if some
guy came up to me and said oh I love
your videos you have such nice tits I
would love that by the way I have no
problems with that feel free to do that
also feel free to ask for a hug but um
if someone was to do that and I was to
like say that I felt uncomfortable
because of that like even with my status
and how sexually open I am in videos
like they could still get in trouble so
of course these people are not gonna say
that in real life because there's actual
repercussions and magic one interesting
thing that I've noticed though is that
people seem to hate or be mean to Jay a
lot more than they are to me and like
okay so the stereotype of the neckbeard
that is really ugly and smells bad
doesn't take care of his hygiene and
it's just like socially inept completely
like that holds true sometimes but there
are plenty of normal looking and a few
even attractive magic players now I
think the reason that women are so into
saying that they're nerds this is my
theory and the fact that men are so like
ashamed of it is that men are not like
these beautiful obviously beautiful
creatures like if a male model says he's
that he's a nerd then people will take
it the same way they take it like a
female model or a pretty woman saying
that they are a nerd it's like oh you're
just saying that for the extra cred
because they're taking what's good about
a nerd like someone who's into really
cool things and someone who's really
intelligent and adding that on to
something else which is like beauty and
it's like you have the visual beauty and
you're a smart person there's no fucking
way and that's how people think they're
like there's
way that you can be you know the
trifecta of a human because I'm sitting
here being ugly as fuck and all I have
is my nerd cred don't take that away
from me don't be a better person than me
and that's what they see and it's very
it's very superficial of them to assume
that just because of my looks I can't be
a nerd or like that's too good to be
true or something and it's not
necessarily ringing true all the time
that nerds have to be ugly obviously
because you know I think a lot of people
stray away from being called a nerd
because they're afraid of the
connotations that come with it and it's
not so much like that with games anymore
it's more like that with like card games
D&D you know fantasy type stuff that
like LARPing that is still a little bit
too nerdy for society to catch on and
have hot girls say that they like to do
it you know like um and so that's why a
lot of guys don't like to admit they're
nerds or whatever but this is a tangent
that is just like another theory of mine
but anyway the reason I think they're
meaner to J is because J is attractive J
has a fit body and he has nice clothes
and he like has this beard that's really
cool and he's been growing it even more
looks even better oh my god I we needed
to do like a retro night so you can see
it but like he's tall and fit and you
know better-looking than every guy at
magic and it doesn't look like he would
play magic and then he also associated
with me and it's like there's that
animosity that male animosity that a lot
of men have works just like oh I got to
compete with you and oh I don't like you
already because I think you're a douche
and it's the same thing that women
Harbor against me like women are more
openly mean to me than men ever are in
public and women are nicer to J in
public and you know nicer to me online I
think I don't know that that might not
have a correlation but what I'm saying
is like women have that like they want
to compete with me they want to hate me
for whatever reason and you know they
have that in person more than you know
guys do against me because guys are like
oh she actually really is a camera she
actually does play magic like why else
would she not be clubbing on a win a
Friday night if she you know didn't
actually care about this it's not like
she's making money to do this there's no
possible way that I'm making money I'm
making like seven packs or something if
I go for oh and I'm going for oh and I'm
beating people and the only like
disparaging things I've seen done toward
me is like people kind of get a little
pissed off when they lose like everyone
that like evening it's just like regular
opponents there are people who are just
sore losers but some people you can tell
they're more annoyed that they lost to
me and they like bring up how like my
deck is too easy or like they did some
stupid shit or they're just deck just
didn't work they couldn't draw anything
I hate people that play game like magic
if you don't know what magic is it's a
game that has a lot of luck it's a game
that has a lot of variants and you have
to understand that sometimes you're just
not going to win even if you're the
better player but it's so funny that a
lot of people come in thinking that
they're gonna be the better player than
me and it's gonna be so obvious that
they're easily gonna crush me and then
they get really mad when they don't and
they try to hide it and they don't make
it obvious and they don't say wow I
can't believe I lost ooh a girl I mean
sometimes they do in jest and that's
fine to me a lot of people have a
problem with that there's a lot of
feminism going on and magically people
saying that you know saying things like
that is wrong even as a joke and that
like it's a boys club but I feel like
gaming and stuff like that should be
left to boys club because like that's
how it is and women if they want to get
into that or getting into that you know
what I mean like you can't just like get
a bunch of men into makeup and then be
mad that most of the models for makeup
or women like it just doesn't make any
sense that's that's the culture around
it and you're getting into that culture
by choice like you're not being thrown
in there and you're like well I have to
be in this so let's change it so it's
more bearable for me you are supposed to
like that culture you're supposed to
like the fact that most video games are
fantastical and have big tits and stuff
like that and it's just a little bit
ridiculous that people don't understand
that and that people feel like I just
don't like feminism in general it's so
fucking PC and so fucking stupid like
let's let's not make jokes and let's not
have fun and let's let's integrate women
into this but in doing so make this less
fun because we can't make jokes we have
to be more sensitive like if you're
sensitive to everyone's insecurities or
everyone's like hardships or everyone's
differences in diversity in the world
you're cutting out like half of your
fucking language like half of the
English language you can't say because
it might offend someone who said some
kind of trauma in their past and I feel
like if you are one of those people who
have had a huge trauma this is how I
don't want to say like the word rape and
not be penalized for saying the word
rape because it might remind some girl
that she was raped like that might
Siemens
to me but really it's just logical why
don't you who has a problem with certain
words and knows that you're unstable
either get help and stay off the
internet during that time or you know
just stay off of the channels where you
feel like there might be some kind of
non PG content because I want to be able
to say whatever the fuck I want and
that's in the same vein why people ask
me like why don't you report the videos
that call you a fake gamer girl it's
like I'm really glad that the freedom of
speech exists so that even the stupid
people can make content and say what
they want to say I'm glad that that
exists and I want that to be there in
contrast to things like my stuff I want
I love it when people come in and
they're like I just watch this video
calling you a fake gamer girl and that
guy was a fucking idiot and I'm like
yeah
isn't it funny it's hilarious that he's
making money off of my pictures what the
fuck ever dude like it's dumb that he's
allowed to use my copyrighted content
but like for me to like freak out and
want that taken down it's just kind of
like a suppression of freedom of speech
which I believe in and a lot of people
might think that what I'm talking about
shouldn't be talked about but that
doesn't mean they have the right to say
that I shouldn't be able to talk about
it and that is in itself the essence of
freedom of speech and I love that even
though I don't like what he's saying or
even though I don't agree with what he's
saying he should be allowed to say it
just like I'm allowed to make him look
like an idiot and that's perfectly fine
with me so yeah hopefully you guys got
something out of this video I tried to
delve a little bit deeper into why
people hate on me and League and don't
hate on me as much in magic and I bet
there's like tons of people who actually
don't like me like I've heard like
people saying that people talk bad about
me behind my back in magic and they just
don't like me or something but most of
it is just because like I'm a bitch or
something or you know I am bad at magic
or good at magic or annoying and magic
or did some stupid shit it's not like
she doesn't really like this and she's
just doing this for attention because
like there's so many more things that I
can do for attention I can be like on a
center stage like naked rolling around a
pole and on the floor and I'd be getting
a lot more attention than if I'm just
like in a hoodie playing fucking magic
on my Friday nights instead of like
going out and you know doing those
things that I have ever mentioned so
yeah I should probably go spend like 13
minutes you guys don't like really long
vlogs but
that's funny I'm doing this vlog on Jays
phone which is the exact same phone I
have just in black and my phone was at
1% and I was thinking about doing this
video he was like oh but I want to
charge my phone it's at 74% you know how
long I can live on 74% especially when
the 10% or the 25% goes into effect and
I can put it on a fucking low battery
mode I can leave like 17 days on that
much battery like I have no idea why
he's freaking out like this is it's
gonna be like it's 74% when it was at
74% after I'm done with this video and I
just fucking used it for a whole of 14
minutes so he's crazy as fuck like the
video subscribe to the channel let me
know what topics you want me to talk
about and let me know if you like these
vlogs I feel like they get a lot less
viewers so if you guys just aren't
feeling the the old phone type vlogs
just let me know and I can eradicate
them and put in a different thing
whatever you guys want I don't know I
want to tailor content to you guys and
of course I can do topics like this
still just you know with my big setup
and more more you know less verbose more
serious into the point all right guys
love you take a selfie bye
