hey guys originally I wasn't gonna do a
video today because I'm a little bit
ahead and when I get ahead I like to not
make any videos so that I can stream
longer so that maybe I can do some
viewer games and stuff which I'm still
gonna do but I recently as you guys know
I've been watching YouTube videos and
stuff when I'm doing cardio or when I'm
doing makeup I do both of those things
everyday so sometimes I run out of the
current youtubers that I watched like
Rob Dyke and stuff so today I started
watching Shannon Rose and I watched a
video of her where she
sorry my phone needs to be turned off
where she is talking about how her
roommate committed suicide when she was
staying at some boarding school or
something and it made me think a lot
about how my best friend when I was
younger died his name was Andrew and I
thought I would tell you guys the story
let me move the mic real quick okay and
I thought I would tell you guys the
story because I haven't really given a
lot of detail about it I talked about it
in two videos so far uh one recently I
talked about it in the the drummer sex
stories the drummer cuz he was the guy
who hooked me up with that guy there's a
hair on my lip oh so annoying
anyway and I also talked about it in my
draw my life video and it was one of the
things that people hated on me the most
about I think in my draw my life video
it wasn't the fact that I lost my
virginity at 12 it was the fact that I
pretty much allowed my best friend to do
whatever happened the night that he died
and um I don't know I feel like a lot of
people are gonna hate on this video
because I come into it from a pretty
emotionless state and I don't know I'm
just gonna be completely honest and I
feel like it's almost it's almost
irresponsible that I decided to put on
extra makeup today because I've always
hated the fact that I can't do eyeshadow
correctly so I was experimenting with
makeup and listening to Shannon Rose and
I feel like it's an appropriate that I
have so much makeup on but hey this is
me I decided to experiment with makeup
and I'm also thinking about my best
friend who died when I was younger and
if anyone hates on me for that then
whatever you know this is me so I'm
gonna be completely honest and not worry
about how things are gonna make me look
and kind of just talk about my thought
process at the time so the way I met
Andrew bodenheimer there bodenheimer
it's fucking weird German last name
I love it I I made myself learn how to
spell it and I can still spell it to
this day because I've memorized it
because he was my best friend I thought
it was hilarious that he had the most
ridiculous last name to ever so we met
because I was hanging out with one of my
friends and one of my friends needed
some weed and he was his weed guy so
Andrew was his weed guy we ended up
staying at this elementary school where
we met it was raining we were in the
playground playground of this elementary
school where the weed transaction went
down I used to smoke a lot of weed when
I was younger I don't anymore
and we were just hanging out and talking
and then the guy who I was with decided
he had to leave so I stayed there with
Andrew for another five hours and we
were just talking and we like
immediately hit it off I feel like never
in my life has there been a time when I
immediately hit it off with someone more
than with Andrew and from then on we
were just like fast best friends and we
had only known each other I feel like
less than a year probably before his
death but like we spent every single day
together it was like he was the first
guy who I would like stay on the phone
like laying on my bed just like talking
all day with and I could never get
enough it was like my best friend we
would just like talk all the fucking
time I could tell him anything he was
always kind of a sad person though he
was in love with a girl named Whitney
and I'll never forget the name Whitney
because he had a picture of her in his
wallet
he had pictures of her all over his room
it wasn't like a creepy way it was just
like little pictures like her school
picture or something that he had taken
and I think this was I looked at his
obituaries I was thinking about him and
I think it wasn't 2003 or something that
he died so I knew him when I was 13 or
14 and he knew me when he was 14 or 15
he was like a year or two older than me
and um he was troubled he was in love
with a girl who didn't love him back
anymore who broke it off with him and
who he hadn't seen and I feel like a lot
of the times he was in love with me as
well but he never pushed it because he
knew that I wasn't his type or that he
wasn't my type and that he was still in
love with Whitney so it wasn't really
like a pressing matter you know type of
thing but we loved each other
platonically and also as like family and
it was just an amazing ride with him
like we would spend so much time
together he was a troublemaker he was
into doing drugs and
King and like so was I at the time I was
like having my rebellious spree of like
just doing ridiculous shit and the
reason I brought him up in the video the
drummer which will be in the description
once again is because he wanted to set
me up with like a bunch of different
guys because he wanted me to be happy he
was just like the most selfless person
when it came to me and yeah he would get
in fights at school and he was like this
like like must wire Lee Weyer whirly
wire Lee he was wiry wiry I wanted to
say wiry Lee muscular cuz you know he
was like small but muscular you know you
had all the cuts and stuff I don't know
what's wrong with my speech today I'm
just very focused I guess but um he was
like obviously just wearing wife beaters
and being muscular and getting in fights
and doing drugs and stuff like that you
it paints a picture of someone who's
just not stable and he wasn't stable at
that time and he was always often
unhappy but he seemed so happy when he
was with me and I would like bike up to
his house like on Saturday mornings
every single like morning that we had
off of school and we would like eat
cereal and hang out and then we would go
like out biking and we would go hang up
like hang out with our friends and stuff
and I was really really really in love
like oh my god I love this guy so much
with his friend Steve like it was like
he was the cutest guy in the world to me
at the time and so Andrew wanted to hook
me up with friends and the first person
he hooked me up with it with was his
cousin and that didn't work out as I
said in the drummer video then he hooked
me up with his friend Aaron which didn't
work out just because you know we were
different people in erinite Aaron and I
were really close at first already so it
was kind of just weird that we pushed it
into our relationship and then the next
person I think it was only three people
but the next person he hooked me up with
was his friend Jared and that was the
relationship that's stuck with me
unfortunately for two years it was the
worst relationship of my entire life and
he was the reason that I didn't help
Andrew the day Andrew came to my house
and said he needed it so Jared and
Andrew started being enemies and I had
been dating Jared for like half a year
at least at that time and Jared didn't
like it that I talked to Andrew and
Andrew didn't like it that I talked to
Jared but the way I saw it it was kind
of just like a stupid feud that didn't
mean anything that didn't have anything
to do with me so I would like talk to
Andrew
four hours on the phone and then I would
hang up and I would call Jared and I
just like didn't talk about them to each
other and didn't really care to do that
because I knew that they would just get
all pissy and all jealous and stuff so I
was like whatever
Andrew knew I was still dating jarrod
and you know jarrod knew that I was
still friends with Andrew but one night
I was on the phone with Jared and I was
laying on my bed talking to Jared and my
phone or my phone my doorbell rings
right and my mom goes to the door and
she's like she's like Andrews here he
seems upset I don't know what's going on
with him but you don't have very long to
talk to him I'm gonna let you talk to
him because of how upset he seems and
I'm like okay but Jared's on the phone
and he's not gonna like that and it was
like really late at night that's why my
mom was like you don't have very much
time and um Andrew spent a bunch of time
in my house so my mom knew him pretty
well my dad knew him pretty well my dad
didn't like any of my guy friends my dad
was like these fucking little hooligans
Brad he's always been that way like
forever he didn't even like my best
friend
Chris who was my best friend prior to
this and is still my best friend to this
day not best friend but like we're
really close friends and we will always
be that bond has always been there and
he's the person I spent most of my time
playing video games with when I grew up
but he didn't even like him and Chris is
like great there was like no drugs no
alcohol no philandering around like he
was just a good kid you know so my dad
was clearly just overprotective um I
went to the door and I was like hey
Andrew what's up and he was like I
really need to talk to you he seemed
really like his brain was just askew and
he had a bunch of things he needed to
talk to me about and I knew that he had
issues with the people who supplied him
the drugs to supply to other people like
he was a middleman kind of thing and I
knew that he had like kind of like
problems with them he was never friends
with him like never like they he didn't
even go around that area because they
would get in a fight if he did and this
will this will make sense to you later
in the story I promise you I'm really
bad at telling stories I really need to
get better at it but I'm hopefully this
gives you a sense of what was going on
so I was like okay Jared I'm gonna talk
to Andrew and Jared goes do not fucking
talk to Andrew if you talk to Andrew I
will never talk to you again and it was
like such a fucking stupid like he Jorge
like literally the worst boyfriend
anyone could ever imagine like just like
a lot
a cheater constantly in and out of juvie
but for some reason I was attracted to
the good parts of him like he was really
smart to me he was one of the smarter
people I you know like I can actually
have a conversation with him and up
until then relationships when I'm
younger they're always just like stupid
shit you know and I felt like we were on
the same level when we did talk
intellectually and I cared about him for
many different reasons and we had our
good times and we would spend a lot of
time it was just like it was a good
relationship but he was a terrible
person off and on and it was like the
most frustrating thing and I was young
and that doesn't excuse me from being a
fucking idiot but I was so I decided to
be like I'm sorry Andrew I can't Jared
doesn't want me to that's my boyfriend
what am I gonna do you know
and I made the incorrect choice and in
hindsight I made the wrong choice
obviously but would I do it again I mean
I wouldn't ever be in a relationship
like that again I wouldn't be in a
relationship where someone dictates what
I do even sexually so now that I'm more
sure of myself and now that I know what
I want in life and now that I'm true to
the people who are always there for me I
would never do something like that again
but like in that time I would have done
it again and I wouldn't have thought
that it would be you know a big deal a
lot of people have friends that they
have to turn down you know doing things
with because they're busy or they don't
understand the gravity of the situation
which was you know me like Andrew was a
very he was a very skittish person like
I felt like he was just you know he just
talked to Whitney and had a Whitney
problem or something and I was like
whatever I'm sorry I can't and I closed
the door and he was like please and I'm
like I'm sorry you know like it was so
stupid and it I didn't realize how much
he needed me at the moment and I've I
had always been there for him always and
just this one time I wanted to keep my
boyfriend you know so it wasn't I didn't
think that anything would be anything
the next day it comes time for my mom to
drive me to cheerleading practice so I'm
getting ready ready for cheerleading
practice which was something that back
when Andrew and Jared were friends they
would come watch me and my friend Sam do
and Sam had dated Andrew for a while as
like a it was like a cute little thing
like Sam was my best female friend back
then and Sam and I were in cheer so I
get ready to go to cheer and my mom gets
a phone call and my mom is like yes yes
okay and then she
since tears now I'm like is grandma dead
because my mom is a pretty emotional
person like I feel like I'll get a lot
of my emotionless Nestor because I feel
like it's cringy how randomly she gets
emotional but my mom has had a fucking
hard life might like it I can create
incredibly hard life and I'm not gonna
go into detail on that because my mom is
a very private person as well and
doesn't even really like it when she's
like are you sure you should be saying
things like that in vlogs because she
watches my vlogs and I'm like yeah mom
it's whatever I'm fucking open who cares
but I don't I don't like give away a lot
of her information because of that but I
feel like a lot of my emotionless neces
is seeing how her emotions affects her
way too greatly and it's really annoying
like she could be yelling at me about
cleaning my room and we get in a fight
and then she you know ends up fighting
crying and telling me she's sorry or
something and it's just like irritating
to me like why can't we have a normal
conversation so I didn't think too much
of it but I was worried I was like what
happened what happened and she didn't
want to tell me it was so fucking weird
and when we get to cheer practice she
pulls or my my coach comes out and
already knows the gravity of the
situation for some reason and starts
talking to my mom my mom says stay in
the car and I'm like why and then I
realized that I go into to your practice
and I'm like warming up I can remember
this is so fucking vivid I have a really
bad long-term memory like I can't even
remember like movies that I saw a couple
months ago I'm really just bad at that
shit so that's why I didn't remember
swamp's name for a while I was like I
was like tall the block guy from Mario
but um I was just like what the fuck is
going on and I go inside and I'm
stretching and I can remember the
concrete of the floor and looking into
the mirror and seeing all the girls now
I remember what I was wearing and Sam's
not there and I'm like and I'm like
getting chills now just thinking about
how I felt like what the fuck happened
to Sam my cheer coach fucking knows
about it my mom is crying like what
happened and my cheer coach comes in and
grabs me and she's like okay your mom
and I decided to tell you and I'm just
like fuck dude I'm just like freaking
out and my mom says hi I'm Sydney she
tells me to sit down in the car so I'm
sitting in the car my Saturn the you
know later becomes mine and I'm sitting
there with the door open and like my
legs I just
everything and I wish I was better at
painting a picture for you guys like the
atmosphere it was like a nice day in
summer I was getting ready for cheer
things are supposed to be happy and she
says last night they found Andrew dead
and it was so weird I burst into tears
and I told my cheer coach when she tried
to hug me to fuck off like literally
just like fuck off but I didn't feel
like I needed to be bursting into tears
it was weird I felt angry and every time
I come to an emotional pass in my life
it's like I can either be angry or I can
be overwhelmed with such anger and not
be able to vent it then I start crying
it's like that that's what I choose it's
just like I'm I'm a very like passionate
person in certain circumstances but not
necessarily a very empathetic person if
that makes sense so I was just like
bawling and of course there's a baby
walking down the hallway when I'm
fucking trying to do my videos like
literally I'm gonna have to like
complain or something but anyway I was I
don't know my mom was like do you want
to skip to your practice and go see Sam
and I'm like yes and Sam and I just
spent the day together like we I
remember we took a sunset walk around
her house and like I spent so much time
at Sam's house like she was one of my
first like bisexual lesbian encounters
too and we were really close at the time
and she had dated Andrew and we just
kind of spent the night together and I
remember I had to go to school because
school is ending soon but to go to
school the next day and I remember
thinking like it's so stupid like how I
was affected and I knew I was gonna miss
him but it wasn't like like the way
Shane and ROS describes finding her her
her friend her roommate in the closet
was like she couldn't even tell it
without crying but I don't feel like
crying right now and it's it's it's a
shitty thing that that's why I want to
get a psych test because I don't know
I'm like way too logical or something I
don't know but I remember thinking I
probably shouldn't put on makeup to go
to school today because then it will
look like I'm not grieving and I went to
school without makeup purposefully just
because I felt like that was what I was
supposed to do I was supposed to be
grieving really hard and I was and I
missed him and I was sad but and they
said like oh we're grabbing a bunch of
people from here and from the high
school so I was still in middle school
grabbing a bunch of people for a what
are they what do they call it when they
do like a morning session with the you
know counselor just in case you know
someone's having a problem with someone
dying or whatever
like a morning session or whatever so I
go there and it was just like really
stupid shit should I did not need to
hear shit that do not help it doesn't
fucking bring Andrew back it doesn't you
know I don't need to deal with my
emotions I want my fucking friend back
right and so I just left
I actually just left the school like I
skipped school a lot I maintain a like
straight A's when I skipped school so
much because the public school system as
I've said a billion times as easiest
shit in the world created on a curve
fucking stupid but I left and I decided
to just take a walk and not be at school
that day and I walked around and I
remember they're you know they have
those like security guard cars that just
drive up and like make sure people are
doing it looks like a cop car but it's
not just like the security campus crap
he came up and he's like why are you not
at school you need to go back to school
and I'm like yeah any other day I would
allow you to take me back to school but
today my fucking friend just died leave
me the fuck alone and he actually left
me the fuck alone and I was just like I
remember I was sitting outside in the
residential area outside a house just
like sitting and thinking about all the
times with Andrew
I called Jared the day that Andrew died
and this is when I realized how much I
actually hated Jared and it's stupid
because it took me another year and a
half to get out of the relationship
after that but he I said Andrew just
died and he said so and I was like are
you fucking kidding and I just like got
off the phone after that like I will
never forget how he just was like and
like so I don't know if his so I ran but
it was just like it pissed me off to no
end
this person was your friend for so long
like throw away your stupid fucking
insecurities and your arguments and all
the shit that was probably just because
Andrew was sticking up for him being a
dick to me or something I don't know but
after that I went to his viewing it was
the first time I had ever seen anyone
dead before and I saw that he had like
like the makeup that they put on him was
like smearing and you could see like a
little like dot here like right in the
middle of his head and I don't know what
that was but to me I feel like he was
murdered I think it was ruled as an
accidental overdose but he was found in
the truck the back of the truck
the car of the guy that I said he would
never be caught dead with because he
owed him money for some drugs or some
shit and I really feel like he was
murdered and I feel like if it wasn't an
accident if it wasn't murder then it was
suicide and it's just like so stupid and
I remember like advocating for them to
actually investigate further into it but
it was just like a really quick closed
case and yeah I don't know after that I
didn't have Andrew as like a backbone so
like anytime I would have like a huge
fight with Jared it was just like I felt
empty and hopeless and later one of our
friend Sasha found his like notebook he
was a really good artist and he would
draw and he drew like a picture for me
and it said to Tara my Savior and it was
just like so stupidly timed and sad and
it was just oh and I always felt like he
if there was an afterlife which there
isn't and if there was uh oh he's
looking over me in heaven which there
isn't I feel like he would be the person
to be protecting me and making sure I'm
happy and that feeling that feeling of
like how good of a friend he was it's
it's not like that he's watching over me
it's that you know it feels nice that I
had someone who cared about me so much
and who knew me for me and I vote to
never have anyone like it took me a
while to get there but I vowed to never
have anyone like you know in my life
like I can easily cut people out of my
life I feel more so because I knew how
good of a friend someone could be and
clearly I wasn't a good enough friend
and that sucks but I don't know those
are my thoughts on it and I've been
thinking about it lately
a couple weeks ago I actually looked up
the obituary and it was cute it was like
oh he's into sports and he was a good
boy and I'm like that's not how I
remember him but yeah you know he was
athletic I would say and I went to his
house afterwards and I saw his family's
family doesn't really like me his
brother didn't like me I looked up his
brother recently on Facebook and I
thought about contacting him but like
for what you know and I laid on his bed
and I his mom said I could take like one
piece of you know memorabilia from him
and
remember what it was I think it was his
drawing book I think I took his drawing
book his like he liked a bunch of
different drawing books but I found one
in his room and I was just laying there
and just I don't know reminiscing and I
feel like he was a good part in my life
and you know I wish he hadn't have died
and I you know I know it's not my fault
obviously like a lot of people in the
comments in my draw my life video and a
lot of people in the comments here I'm
assuming will be saying that it's my
fault but like especially when you're a
kid you just can't like logically you
can't have amazing hindsight you you do
things that are irrational or selfish
and that's just like part of growing up
and part of becoming a real human like I
read a story recently that teenagers
they statistically lack empathy until
they're actually of age like a certain
age I don't know I don't know the
fucking actual statistics but um they it
says that when you're growing up when
you're a teenager is when you lack the
most empathy and I feel like teenagers
do a lot of stupid fucking shit and it
sucks that something stupid that I did
probably directly affected the life of
someone I cared about and you know ended
the life of someone I cared about but I
don't know I hope that everyone else who
goes through something like this can
deal with it well I hope that there is a
message in here somewhere - don't - not
take you know the people you actually
care about for granted and this has been
a really long video so I should probably
go but I don't want to cut it up because
I know this will feel more personal if I
don't I don't cut out anything that
makes it fake I like cuts because it
makes things more just like clear start
to finish good storytelling and I know
that my storytelling sucks but I
definitely want my viewers to feel like
this one is more personal because it is
you know it's a part in my life that I
wouldn't trade for anything and he was
the person who you know showed me that
friends can be real friends and they
only come and go when they die basically
so yeah like the video subscribe to the
channel please post in the comments if
you have if you've ever lost someone you
care about a lot like let me know I this
is a place where we can all you know
feel like we have a therapist or that we
have friends and I read a comment
recently where
said that you know she was too sexual or
something and thought about committing
suicide because her family wasn't okay
with it and people were berating her for
it and then she found solace in my
videos and you know my different way of
thinking and it can make you feel can
give you kind of like a god complex but
at the same time it's really nice that I
feel like I have an extended family and
I am just the person that connects all
of us together as an extended family so
I love you guys very much and I'll see
you guys in the next video thank you for
watching seriously if you got through
the 20 to 36 minutes 22 minutes and 36
seconds or whatever you're awesome bye
guys
