so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want what's
up guys welcome to a brand new episode
of Friday night mail don't let the
makeup fool you I'm quite sick once
again for the third time in four months
I don't know what it is about moving to
Vegas but I haven't changed anything and
I just keep getting these head colds or
food poisoning ah but anyway the show
must go on
so this week's winner of the giveaway is
Jamie R
congratulations Jamie R if you guys want
to sign up for this week's giveaway link
is in the description and oh my god
we've got some changes now that we can
gift subscriptions to channels on Twitch
I'm gonna be gifting either a $25 gift
card or a $24 subscription to my twitch
channel and with that change comes a
mandatory question before you can get in
and get all your entries as to which
rewards you'll want if you win on top of
that I've added a few more ways you can
get entries to the giveaway I've added
all of Jays pages too so if you're a
subscriber to Jays twitch channel
subscriber to Jays YouTube channel or
just a follower of Jays twitch channel
you can get entries for that and it's
like 5 to 10 entries each I've made it
really lucrative you know because I want
people to go subscribe to J stuff
alright without further ado we have four
questions this week so let's go ahead
and just get into them Elisha plumber
says do you agree with the things you
should never ask a woman also do you
squirt god I feel like that should be a
Tara Reid's comments question but I'm
not really sure what you're not supposed
to ask women I'm assuming it's like
their height and their weight in their
age or something I don't really care if
anyone asks me how old I am or how much
I weigh or how tall I am or whatever
those questions are and do I squirts no
controversially I think that's pee or
incontinence and girls just think oh I
can do it so it must not be pee I know a
lot of people don't like when I answer
that question but I don't see any
evidence proving that women even have
the biology necessary to forcefully
secrete liquids like ejaculate nobody
zero says question were you ever
sexually harassed while working for zoom
in TV why because of like a ramp and
allegations in Hollywood do you think
that everyone who's worked with men ever
in life have been sexually assaulted or
harassed I have definitely never been
sexually assaulted or harassed when
working as a model or when working for
zooming games if anything I was the one
sexually harassing everyone retro-gaming
sandy says hi Tara spelled wrong
good vids as always please one of my
biggest pet peeves is people either
calling me Tara or spelling my name
wrong especially on a platform where my
name is spelled like everywhere my
channel name is there my name is near
every avatar and at Tara Babcock
everywhere there's no reason for you to
be spelling it wrong holy shit anyway he
says question have you always now
there's a space in between but a gamer
or did you jump on to the bandwagon when
it was cool thing to do because of
YouTube gamer reviewers like PewDiePie
markiplier and jacksepticeye or are you
like me and been gaming since 1983 well
I wasn't born in 1983 but I have been
gaming since I was really young my first
console was an Atari my first game I
believe was pitfall I've been playing
since like the bubble bobble days since
the NES SNES I've had pretty much every
console so yeah I pretty much been
gaming my entire life I didn't really
know about any of the YouTube gamers I
was on twitch before I was on youtube
for gaming but I was doing gaming on
both twitch and YouTube before I even
started a vlog channel the vlog channel
that is now the most popular channel I
have I was a gamer earlier in my life
then some leftist people would know the
gender of their child so a long time
yeah and the last question skull grenade
XP says question can you just have a
video where you just shit on I just
Anita sarkeesian cuz that was great okay
I think what he's trying to ask is can
you make a whole video shooting on Anita
sarkeesian because my portrayal of her
in my last video was pretty funny I do
have a full video on Neeta sarkeesian
but I don't think it says me me as the
impressions that I did last week I'll
link that in the description if you want
to watch that video the video is so
appropriately named fucking Nita
sarkeesian I hope you guys enjoy it it's
quite an old video anyway thank you for
your questions please post more
questions for next week so I have lots
of questions to answer and we have about
six packages to open this week so I'm
very excited let's fucking do it I never
get to know who they're from
but I've got another pair and I'm
actually wearing my red pair right now
so I can just put these on and it won't
even be that much of a difference these
are the mint green ones actually like
mint green a lot in color I think it
looks good with my features the colors
of my features and stuff you know like
um whatever I think it looks good on me
I am not 100 percent
as you can tell like my eyes are
watering my nose is ready it's hard for
me to complete sentences without like
choking on my words but the show must go
on now let's change into leggings I will
show you guys some more of these
leggings before we end the video I
actually have to like move the camera
out otherwise it's just gonna be like an
overblown bright mess but thank you
whoever said these to me I'm gonna have
the full fucking set soon it's gonna be
awesome you were amazing by the way all
right let's see what we have here this
is from a company called cool leggings
so I'm assuming this is gonna be
leggings and the notes is actually stuck
inside the packaging what the fuck hi
Tara enjoy your gift from Devan slash
and then he gives his email address
which I'm not gonna shout him out on
here because that would be rude pac-man
leggings these are really cool
these actually seem like they're gonna
fit better than the usual printed
leggings I usually hate how the printed
leggings fit because they're like so
restrictive in the butt but these are
gonna be great and I'm gonna hold these
and put these on at the end so I can
show off these leggings from afar and
these leggings from afar thank you so
much Devin this is awesome these are
like the coolest leggings I've got in a
while even though I love these leggings
anything that's gave me related also
I've been kind of on a Pac Man frenzy
lately so these came at like the perfect
time again Devin you're a badass you
rock my cat is like in front of my
viewfinder so I can't even see what's
going on oh it's from Nate consider this
a late birthday gift I don't know what
is in the gift bag box but I hope it's
good he doesn't know what's in here how
do you not know what's in here just like
randomly click something and add it to
your cart or do you just like not know
what this is Thank You Nate by the way
you didn't have to oh shit this is cool
he got me some 3 millimeter bass picks I
wanted to try some like thicker picks
for my bass because I cannot get picking
down I'm like so like a finger picker
I'm a finger picker okay and I can't use
a fucking pick but I'm gonna try these
because I think these might actually be
usable some people use regular guitar
picks on their bass I want to try
something a little thicker and then I'll
decide which pick is best for me and
then force myself to learn how to pick a
lot of my favorite metal bassist used
picks bassists use it's really hard for
me to say that right now but it's all up
to personal preference these are the
dunlop trice Tubby's Thank You Nate I
think Nate didn't even know what this is
he just
bought it off my wishlist so you rock
Nate for helping make me a better
musician okay we've got something from
Zoe I'm super excited so he said she
sent me something as a belated birthday
gift and I love that girl man she's so
awesome I need to find some Pokemon
cards some Pikachu cars in particular to
send to her oh god I hate these bags Oh
God
because if you rip the bag like I'm
doing right now a bunch of stuff flies
out it's the worst oh my god this is so
cute stuff everywhere it's flying
everywhere it's a little owl pencil case
thing that's cute and then loving our
cast Chicken Soup for the Soul I used to
read chicken soup books don't make fun
of me when I was like a teenager and
angsty teenager and I would read all
these things and I never really felt
anything but for some reason I just
really enjoyed reading the plight of
other people are like inspiring stories
so I had a lot of chicken soup for the
teenage soul and this is gonna be a lot
of sweet stories about cats this is so
cute the cat and the grizzly I haven't
read a chicken suit book in ever post in
the comments if you've ever read chicken
soup as a teenager especially the girls
and if it was like a guilty pleasure
book for you and you were younger oh and
on the front there's a little note it
says happy belated birthday just wanted
to say I love you a lot and thank you
for being my friend I hope you enjoyed
this book from my personal collection
and this owl wallet because I know you
love owls love Zoe PS shown apples Oh
as as close as I can get to showing
napple x' on youtube go tell Jay to
shown apples on Twitch though he might
actually do it alright we've got two
more thing is this is I don't know but
it's actually from Las Vegas so it
probably took like a day to get here oh
shit no way it's my diva jersey sweater
thing oh I never thought I would get
this this is so cool what do they call
these varsity jackets or something I
play to win
I haven't played overwatch in quite a
while but I still love it it's still
fucking awesome and I love that divas
lore says that she started out as a pro
Starcraft player I think that's really
cool because that's kind of how I
started out on Twitch although you know
drop the pro I was only platinum tear
the Terran those were the days all right
let's put this on this is so cute I love
it
I don't know who said this to me it
doesn't say but thank you so much if he
was gonna like knock over my chair let's
see let's see
oh hi Tara enjoy your gift from Devin I
also ordered the bright green Emily
sling Oh Devin thank you I'm wearing
those right now
they look fucking good on me what is
this I may throw her so much more
legging whoa these are like cool Android
leggings I think I have these on my wish
list they're like you have like
mechanical legs
Thank You Devin for the three pairs of
leggings you were fucking awesome
alright let's show off Devin's leggings
I want to thank you guys so much for
being a part of this video whether you
are an Oscar of questions a winner of
the giveaway or someone who signed up
for the giveaway by the way description
or you send me anything here today or
thought about sending me anything thank
you so much and for those of you who
celebrate Thanksgiving happy
Thanksgiving weekend I don't but I want
you guys to have a good one if you do oh
my throat my voice are giving out so
let's just put these leggings on and
show my ass since my mouth does not want
to do the talking today but my ass is
ready and willing to be shown off see
you guys next week
don't forget the link to my Amazon
wishlist and my mailing address are down
in the description and sign up for the
giveaway cuz now we're giving away
twitch subscriptions as well mwah ichijo
baby what do you got in your face what
are you going in your face huh she's
such a cutie pie isn't she she's the
cutest
what do you have on your face she's
gonna jump away from me alright you can
go now I'm overheating
