hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of Friday night mail I'm trying
something new with my lighting I'm
trying to only use my ring light and not
use the side lights as well because it
would be really nice to have a lot more
room in my house by not having to giant
soft boxes so let me know in the
comments how you like my lighting it's
probably gonna be a little bit darker
behind me and it's gonna be more dynamic
lighting which some of you guys have
expressed you actually like cool shit
right without further ado do let go
funny story about this first envelope so
I went to get my mail yesterday and I
had three packages and this morning I
wake up and I get a text message saying
I got something in my mailbox and I
hadn't recorded this video yet so I'm
like fuck I'm gonna go get it and it
happens to be this wonderful fucking
envelope with a bobbum Batman postage
and it says the sexy boss bitch known as
Tara Babcock hearts heart heart heart
hearts oh and it's got the cutest
stickers on the back this was definitely
worth the extra trek out to get my mail
yeah oh I hate ruining my like this is
so pretty oh it's from Elliott dears
hair oh you can read this on or off
camera if you like gonna get some on
screen time baby first off you are
fucking awesome and you make great
content I'm a big fan of you oh you are
life goals underscored goals of course
you damn sexy even when you are not
showing off your glorious tits you're
also a very smart woman and also
talented professional I love how you
were able to talk about sex so much you
are so inspiring not just to me but to
so many other people to you show girls
you don't have to be stupid to be
beautiful and sexy you also show how
awesome it is to be a girl into video
games me my best friend / brother both
love you and laugh about how we both
masturbate to you haha that's hot
thank you guys I fucking love your huge
titties and then the rest is kind of
private information there but she ends
on saying fucking love you keep doing
what you're doing keep being here you
are love Ellie you brighten up my life
thank you and I love that your name is
Tara Babcock you can totally see that
cock is circled Tara I'm going to ask
something big from you would you maybe
send me back a letter or even just a
signed photo for me and my brother name
is Ian or if you wanted to maybe be
amazing to draw doodle and sign it for
me oh definitely I don't know what I'm
gonna do but it's gonna be fun thank you
for being awesome Tara and then she
gives her email address love and support
always oh you guys are so awesome Thank
You Ellie and Ian this is me and you
sorry I suck at drawing oh I love it so
much Tara and Ellie BFFs I'm gonna kiss
you know I kind of miss your face a
little bit that's what he said dude
Ellie thank you so much for your letter
I fucking love letters are so personal
I'm like really glad I went to go get
that this morning also Thank You Ian
you guys are so awesome we've got
another package this package is from Jas
the amazing fucking artist oh it has a
little thing you can just grab and pull
that works very good actually the first
plan o deathnote manga holy shit this is
awesome
there's a note inside dear Tara thank
you for shouting out my website big blue
jump my team would like to thank you and
are now fans of your content I noticed
in some of your earlier videos that you
know German
here's a small rare gift for your
support and I've also sent you and the
Tara Bob community an exclusive update
on the doujin to thank you and all of my
other fellow commenters for the support
keep making great content on this
channel and the gaming channel so I
don't run out of videos I haven't seen
with love j/s ah students oh my god
what's gonna happen next is that me
farting am i farting here here's the
next page sexy oh my god this is so me
oh I'm in love and I just figured out
what he meant with the German comments
this Death Note isn't fucking German no
way this is an amazing fucking gift holy
shit thank you so much Jay you are so
fucking awesome are you gonna keep
sending me updates because I want to see
how this goes your art is like so
fucking exceptional hello IRA my name is
on my package what could be in here
let's find out do a girl hi Tara enjoy
your gift from Jack why thank you jack
first thing we got is some flash tape
fuck you interrupting me phone it's the
phonus interruptus anyway the first
thing we have is flash tape here as I've
said before this keeps me from having
nip slips when I'm wearing something
super risque but the most interesting
thing new arrival large anal plug but
for women adult toy I can't wait to open
this
large anal plug butts ain't on plug but
I don't even know let's get this bad boy
open oh my god holy shit ha I'm gonna
free myself up yes I am
oh this isn't that large whoa I can see
myself in it I'm gonna take a picture of
me seeing myself in my butt plug
so cool I think I need to get a hole in
my shorts for these anyway thank you so
much jack you know exactly what to buy
me you are awesome last but certainly
not least we have this big-ass package
from Sean B Sean B yeah where's my thing
I threw it somewhere holy shit what is
this oh my god it's that Sega Genesis
legacy console that we were talking
about on the stream last night no
fucking way includes two wireless
controllers some cartridges are not
compatible due to cartridge conditions
or original specifications of games and
cartridge hardware compatible with
Genesis cartridges it has 80 built-in
games holy Sh it's so great that it blew
my fucking Pikachu hood off let's see
what kind of games they have Sonic and
Knuckles Streets of Rage 1 2 & 3
shinobi ristar Sonic Spinball Oz and my
favorites
vector man 1 & 2 Virtua Fighter 2 Mortal
Kombat 1 2 & 3 Oh should they have bulls
and cows it's insane Wacka wolf it even
has a chess this is just this is beyond
awesome look at this I feel like I'm
gonna have to do an actual unboxing and
hooking up and to playing how awesome is
this system gonna be on my fucking
60-inch like what the fuck
thank you so much Sean you are amazing
this is the best I feel like every
single time I unbox things from my peel
box it's just like better and better I'm
so happy this is dangerous
still smells good too does that count is
going ask to mouth anyway hope you guys
liked this video if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and of course
subscribe to the channel if you like my
content and if you want to send me
anything my appeal box is down in the
description of like every video I've
ever done you guys are so fucking
amazing to me I feel like I'm just a
fucking broken record in every single
week I'm gonna be a broken record but
you guys are my life I would rather
spend time with you guys than any of my
real life friends other than Jay so if
you like every other Friday is like
Christmas for me and then every other
every other Friday is Christmas for you
guys with fan service Friday I hope you
guys are enjoying everything and please
let me know if there's any way I can
make this better and remember how is the
lighting I feel like the camera actually
focuses better on different things that
I'm trying to show you guys when I'm
using this lighting for instance whoa HD
anal tail see you guys next time with
Friday night mail while you're watching
this I'm playing an effing M so wish me
luck
