hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week we're gonna talk
about lesbian sex the why and the how
but mostly the how exciting topic isn't
it it seems like a ton of people have
misconceptions about lesbian sex and I'm
here to clear the air and the ignorance
about the phenomenon a disclaimer before
I proceed some of this is from personal
experience and some of it's from
research while I may not identify as a
lesbian and I've never had a long-term
monogamous relationship with a girl I've
been bisexual my entire life and have
enjoyed many lesbian encounters first
off lesbians are not penis hating
feminists a lot of people think lesbians
hate men and just have sex with women to
spite them or to avoid them this is such
a fucking ignorant perspective some
women are just attracted to women it
doesn't mean they hate men or penis
shaped objects secondly there's not
necessarily a top a bottom or a man in
the relationship some people think this
dichotomy has to exist because gender
rules are so ingrained in our society
and of course this is sometimes the case
but it's not a rule lesbian couples can
switch off have sex is complete equals
or they can both be feminine or both be
masculine it all depends on the
individuals and who they are as a couple
next strap-on toys are not necessary a
lot of people think that sex can't occur
without a penis so people think that in
order for two people who don't have
penises to have sex there has to be a
phallus shaped object involved and
that's just also very untrue while some
women do love to be penetrated deep even
in a lesbian relationship toys are not
needed to have sex just like in
heterosexual relationships toys are more
often just a plus most women as I've
stated in some of my other videos can't
even come through vaginal penetration
alone so the idea that a penis is
necessary well that's just silly so when
they don't use toys what do they do well
I can assure you it's definitely not
scissoring oral sex fingering caressing
rubbing and a lot of foreplay is
involved it's pretty similar to any good
sexual experience each of the two
partners must be open with what they
like and you have to communicate and now
for the common misconception that women
like other women because they know what
they like better than a man would
because they're already women hopefully
that made sense while it's true that
there's some men out there that can't
even pinpoint where the clitoris is and
yes most women will not have that
problem lesbian women have to work to
understand their partner just like in
any heterosexual relationship literally
everyone is different and likes
different things and vijaya
they're even shaped differently each
clit is different each vagina responds
to different things I happen to be
vastly different than a lot of the girls
I've slept with it's all about
experimentation now back to lesbians not
hating penises
if toys are used in a lesbian
relationship any of the toys used in
heterosexual relationships can be used
dildos strap-ons vibrators bullets anal
beads you name it
yes some lesbian girls do like anal
women who are attracted to other women
and identify as lesbian are just that
there's nothing fundamentally different
other than that fact it's natural as
with all sexual orientations and gender
identities and it's not a choice if you
have kissed a girl before and you're a
girl of course it doesn't make you
lesbian you might be bisexual or
completely straight and you were just
experimenting experimentation and
curiosity is key in finding your
sexuality and knowing what you like
you can't know if you hate something
without actually trying it right studies
show that 80% of straight women have had
sexual fantasies about other girls and
I'm pretty sure it will be similar with
men if there wasn't such a strong stigma
around being labeled gay in today's
society even the straightest man likes
his woman in porn to be taking a big
huge cock any straight woman can admit
when an actress is beautiful
finally is lesbian sex anything like in
porn well sometimes I hear people
shunning porn all the time saying that
even heterosexual porn has nothing like
real sex well for me it is my sex is
always porn like because that's just how
I like it it's more visual and it's
rougher so while poor may not be a good
indicator of all sexual experiences it's
not entirely inaccurate again it all
depends on the couple really the only
fundamental difference between the
sexual dynamic of two women and a
combination of any other gender is the
slight difference in anatomy and you
just learn to work around that and the
penis is definitely not everything in
sex anyone who thinks that gay straight
or otherwise is probably not very good
in bed
so before you judge someone please have
some actual personal experience or
research on the topic educate yourself
and don't write something off just
because you don't understand it or could
never do it yourself if you want to know
something don't assume just ask and then
trust me it is great that you have a
penis take it from me but tonight try
pleasuring your woman with something
other than that I bet she'll appreciate
it alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
episode don't forget to post in the
comments what your sexual orientation is
and how you feel about lesbians
and let me know if you learned anything
today also if you're a lesbian please
let me know how you feel about this
video I hope you guys enjoyed and as
always I really want to hear your
comments and I want to know what you
guys want me to do next time topics
people
I need topics like the video and
subscribe for bras and Blazers I love
you guys have fun and keep fucking
without discrimination fuck ignorance
bye
