hey guys so Jay and I spent like five
hours a couple days ago looking up the
death of ELISA Lam and if you don't know
anything about her you can check it out
if you want to at your own risk of just
wasting your fucking time but at one
point a lot of the people making up the
theory is kind of came into the idea
that there's some kind of conspiracy
going on and so that gave me the idea to
not talk about that because people have
gone missing who talked about that but
to just talk about conspiracy theories
in general and what I think of them and
whether or not I believe in any because
I feel like that would be interesting
and I know I went over it in one of my
Terry's comments videos I think was the
last one yeah it was the last one
all the retarded comments just mesh
together sometimes but um some guy was
saying that I should talk about
conspiracy theories or horror stories or
something and since I'm not really one
of those channels that does like the top
whatever and then like counts it down
and talks about them and whatever the
fuck but I do watch those channels a lot
I decided I would just talk about
conspiracy theories in general so um I
believe that it is illogical and also
irresponsible to think that there's no
possible way that some of the conspiracy
theories out there could exist just
because you have this like false sense
of security that your government is
doing the right thing and that you know
that everyone in power is actually not
abusing their power I think it's kind of
obvious that when a government or one an
organization becomes so powerful that
they're definitely gonna be people who
misuse it and there's definitely gonna
be misuse of power there like in any
regard like even people who are trying
to be good sometimes have to cover up
certain things so I think that there are
definitely things that go on in even the
American government or you know other
governments that are a little a little
fishy and sometimes it kind of makes
sense like why would the government
cover things up well for instance I was
watching a Rob Dyke video recently he
made a series called question everything
which is fucking awesome and I love that
seriously you guys should check it out
if you are into that kind of thing but
he made I brought up a good point that
some someone else brought up at some
point that was like why would the
government hide the fact that like UFOs
exist or aliens exist or something and
the
was that you know they would because if
they allowed things like that to go to
the media there would be like a mass
panic like people would be freaking out
and you know you see like the stereotype
of someone who actually believes in
conspiracy theories they're like locked
up in their houses with like tin hats on
and they think that everyone's out to
get them and like that's kind of a
negative connotation that they have just
like you know bodybuilders who take
steroids have our girls who do plastic
surgery have or hot girls who play video
games like this is all just like
stereotypes that are perpetuated by the
media or perpetuated by some movie and
just kind of like kept going through
media representation when really that's
not the thing and it's not the truth but
it can often be the truth if that makes
any sense like stereotypes are there for
a reason because they are often ringing
true and you know there are a lot of
people who are the the exception to the
rule and stuff like that but it
definitely does exist that you know
blondes or ditzy and stupid etc etc you
know all the stereotypes I don't have to
keep telling you um and I feel like
media is so heavily fabricated that most
of it can be called a conspiracy theory
because yeah we have to like as a
society not just go into a mass panic we
have to have the government make sure
that we're doing things correctly and
the government has to make calculated
decisions on what they allow to go to
the media so do I think that there's
crazy shit going on in area 51 probably
do I think that there is you know
experiments being you know still
happening today that we aren't that we
don't know about because they would be
too taboo for the media to find out for
the media to say hey we're doing you
know experiments on babies or humans or
whatever the fuck and a lot of the stuff
that is probably sanctioned by the US
government isn't something that is just
readily available to the public because
it would create all kinds of nonsense
and the public can kind of be really
stupid when you think about it I've
talked so many times about how general
people in society will hear something on
the internet and just take it as truth
or hear something in the media or on the
news and just take it as truth and like
all these people aren't formulating
their own opinions and they're aren't
thinking outside of the box they're just
like watching a video and going like oh
you know they said it's true so that's
true but
what I do when I watch conspiracy theory
videos which I do enjoy I find them
entertaining I also find them in
lightning sometimes but sometimes I find
them really stupid and I don't just like
watch a video and take everything that's
said in that video is fact I like for
instance I recently was watching how the
moon landing was falsified by the US
because you know they were trying to
race to the moon with Russia or whatever
and they wanted to get there first and
you know would be a huge power surge for
the American government against all of
these other governments who are trying
to get there so of course it makes sense
logically that maybe they would falsify
that even to the American people and I
was watching a video about why it's fake
in like the first three minutes I was
like this doesn't prove anything it
could be this it could be that and
thinking outside of the box and not
allowing myself to just hear something
and then hear it is true me like oh
that's 200% I believe it is something
that I pride myself on because I don't
just take information and go like moon
well I'm a sponge and that's what
happened but by the middle of the video
there were some things that like were
irrefutable if those things said in the
video actually are true like for
instance one of the things was that the
flag should be moving a certain way in
the end like a zero-gravity atmosphere
or whatever or it shouldn't be moving
altogether but it was like flapping
around and there's no wind up there like
that to me makes perfect sense if that's
you know what science says should happen
to a flag that is in zero gravity then
there's no fucking way that they were on
the moon and they were like 20 things
like that and yeah I believe the moon
landing was falsified I believe it was
fake I believe was actors like the shit
that the guy said at first like oh it's
such a beautiful
you know desolate landscape or some shit
like that I'm like paraphrasing that
crazy but it just sounded like really
bad actors from that time period in
America and like I really think that
that's probably not true same thing with
9/11 like the fact that the building
blew up in a way that it just can't blow
up if like a top part of the structure
is messed up it wouldn't just like blow
up and like crumble down and that
doesn't make any sense it didn't make
any sense to me well like watching it
when I was younger or even now but like
the fact that they have so much proof
saying that this is what happened is
what interests me and what makes me
believe that yeah it's probably not true
but I still keep my mind open and I'm
like well maybe it's this way maybe it's
that way and I don't really have the
authority I don't have all the
information
I'm not part of the government I don't
have any you know like solid foundation
for any of this shit but I do believe
that the government falsifies things and
I do believe that a lot of conspiracy
theories are true and at least have some
truth to them and I don't think that
anyone who subscribed to that notion is
is stupid or crazy or wears a tin hat
because obviously there are a lot of
normal people who are just like yeah I
mean that shit was clearly bullshit and
there are a couple of other ones that I
don't believe in and a couple ones that
I do and it's just very interesting to
me and it would be very interesting to
me to read in the comments what you guys
have to say because I like reading
videos later I like watching videos like
that and reading you know news casts
about it like when you get the you know
like the news on the whatever-the-fuck I
like reading that shit and I like
thinking for myself and making my own
opinions and it's something that I feel
kind of massages my brain a little bit
to like try to think about a situation
that I wasn't a part of with like
evidence and that's to me kind of adds
to the fun of it because I really like
murder mystery type stuff and solving
what happened to someone and solving
what is you know going on really and
that's why I really like the Assassin's
Creed side-missions the murder mysteries
and the dreadful crimes because that
shit's so fucking interesting to me like
solving a murder or solving like a
discrepancy in what people said in the
media oh that's really interesting to me
so post in the comments what you guys
think about conspiracy theories if there
are any conspiracy theories that you
think are true if there are some that
you think oh this is just bullshit
people are just trying to make drama
because obviously a lot of people don't
admit it but a video that says
conspiracy theories and then has like a
bunch of facts is gonna be very popular
because people want to hear that stuff
if not oh my god dude like I wanna
fucking kill my fucking neighbors who
are like caught like what it what
fucking time is it 1111 make a fucking
wish and they're out there running
around and yelling and they've got their
babies yelling put your fucking babies
to sleep Jesus Christ like I want it
like there's a bunch of garbage that
they needed to take out later like
blocking my door and I really wanna like
I wish it wasn't there so I could just
open the door I'm like can you guys shut
the fuck up like seriously oh my god but
anyway it's
because my walls are like my walls who
might the wall is my apartment are like
super thick but the door is not and I
fucking have my stuff like really close
to the door and I just really need to
move to a bigger place a place that is
my own that has like distance between
fucking anyone making noise and I can
just have like a bunch of different
rooms with a bunch of different setups I
can get a sex incentive would be so
amazing I'd love it so much I would have
like a gaming video set up and then I
would have like a vlog set up and oh it
would just be so fucking wonderful I
don't know but um anyway what conspiracy
theories are you interested in and why
and do you feel like people who are into
conspiracy theories are crazy are the
theorists just retarded what do you
think let me know I would really be
interested to hear and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video as always post in the
comments if you want me to talk about
any particular subject I'm always open
to new subjects I have a bunch of really
cool ones and I feel like I haven't done
a sexual topic in a while so I'm
probably gonna do a sexual one next time
but I have a bunch of procedure vlogs
that I'm going to upload I have the
procedure vlog from my crowns and the
procedure vlog vanilla from my lip
injections and just some info on all of
that stuff so you guys can whatever but
yeah I'm like running out of fuel I just
did the game release news video and
those usually take a while so yeah I'm a
little bit tired I'm gonna go stream now
but yeah thank you I love you Wow we'll
see you next time and let me know you
let me talk about whoa I guess
