hey guys welcome to another shit
terraces video by none other than
Nicolas L stop
aka butters who's done all dealership
terraces videos and let me tell you this
guy has gotten fucking good at video
editing this is by far the funniest shit
Terrace has video yet like I actually
laughed out loud a couple times things
that I said which makes me feel like a
narcissist but I just reconcile myself
by saying that I'm laughing at his
editing and I have to say this one is
probably my favorite not only because of
the editing but because the editing
involves a lot of South Park references
that actually makes sense with the
things that I say I hope you guys enjoy
and post in the comments how much you
liked this video because Nicolas else
Tosh the creator and editor will be
reading all of your comments and he
wants you guys suggestions like really
bad he loves it
let's start the hilarity I wonder what I
am doing here next to my computer
recording a video yep let's go ahead and
get going like what the fuck let's talk
about me and just have a good time right
I can come like very fucking fast don't
suck a dick to be a model I like the
taste have come and I love sucking dick
I think I want to make you all my
submissives
and I'm gonna tell you you finished all
my videos really all of my 1000 videos
1,600 or something like that well go
back and start from the beginning again
I
that was obviously I'm white I'm extra
white right now I'm like a black person
right now
I'm so fucking white maybe I'm too white
audience keep quiet please ten seconds
mr. Marsh
I know it but I don't think I should say
it five seconds mr. Marsh all right I'd
like to solve the puzzle niggers because
dude you are sexy you have just been
added to the list of guys I will fuck
which I'm going to do a video on soon
what the fuck you lookin at
you wanna see my you can look but no
touching I maybe just look come here
come on don't be shy
are you teasing me I can tease back you
like looking at my look ups don't stop
with the cows Calvin's got you covered
Calvin Klein axe mark your spot you got
on I love it
drizzle me and coming oh yes please take
my fucking pussy right now with your
obviously gigantic dick please like
right now I'm so turned on I just love
cock so much I don't have to do any
things I'm attractive so it's like he's
like we're shipping me out anyway I'm
having sex with me is like a blessing
fucking bisexual hold oh I don't know
you so there's gonna be like this this
barrier you're a fan okay I'll give a
shit if I find you so offense to the
people who are really super religious
and go to church shop for men anal sex
is much much better because of the
prostate that's located a couple inches
in the anus yes I'm talking about
receiving not giving stimulating the
prostate alone can make you ejaculate
and if not that you have much harder
erections and it feels much better to
come even if you're heterosexual I
recommend you experiment with this man
random spot I've had sexing in the
middle of a crowded hot tub and pool
done it and like a stairwell in a hotel
no me or at all if you know me at all
feel free to tell me your dick size I'm
curious like safe to say that if I know
your name I'm fucking curious about your
dick size so let me ask you a question
would you like to see my dick no more
fucking sucks oh my goodness wait what
maybe you'll recall curator okay the
best time to have sex is this amount and
if you can't do that or if you don't
like to do that you're fucking weird
should try like I got like that creepy
wings like when it comes to a dick I'm
just like I'm stupid materialistic slut
that would probably suck a dick for a
dollar
hopefully you keep that in the back of
your mind when you watch my videos
alright like the video subscribe to the
channel suck a dick mm-hmm
bye guys thanks for watching
when your heart beats next to mine gonna
give you all my love boy dancing in my
onesie dancing in my onesie dancing in
my onesie
thanks for watching guys don't forget to
like the video subscribe for more Tara
highlights and don't forget to leave a
comment for Nicolas and remember guys
this is a fan driven series so if you
want to make your own shit Tara says
episode feel free I would actually
really appreciate it and if any of you
are smaller youtubers I will definitely
give you a shout out and also check in
the description for Nicholas's tumblr he
posts a lot of hot Tara gifts bye guys
see you soon
