hey guys ignore the male mess but here's
my first GoPro video which is my house
tour mistakes were made I probably
should have turned on more lights in my
house but the Box fucking boasted that
it had great low-light capabilities fuck
you GoPro anyway I know the quality is
not the best and I'll post in the
comments my old house tour from a few
years ago so you can see how much my
house has changed love you guys let me
know if you hate this I can just like
completely scrapped the whole GoPro
series if it's too awful or if you left
it enjoy this is kind of like an update
totally different so hopefully this
looks good hopefully this is normal I'm
just gonna walk around and show you
things and if the commentary is bad if
the mic is bad on the camera I'll just
redo it in post so as you can see right
here this is the stuff that I got for
fan mail Friday or Friday night mail or
the fuck this week is a lot of fucking
shit and over here is where I record all
of my videos and by the way we started
at the door so it's kind of like walking
into my apartment here and I'm planning
on moving soon because I need a lot more
space as you'll be able to see that I
have a lot of stuff as I'm walking
through here so this is the coolest
thing in the house I swear to god it's
like our shoe tree basically and it's
got like a place where I can put all of
my stuff as soon as I walk in the door
and I saw this at the Container Store
and fucking loved it over here we have
where I keep my coats and up there I'm
going to different like hats and
Fluffy's and there's shao kahn's like
arena area i need to find a place for
this this is why I need more space there
we have tails and here's where I usually
usually record things but the maid moved
things around so now everything's all
pushed back which is
kind of easier for filming this is the
stuff I just unbox from out of an EVE
that I need to actually put away
there's my black flag flag and this is
my magic table it's really dirty right
now
J supposed to organize and put all the
magic cards away and underneath the
table let me show you I don't know if we
can do low light with this but
underneath the table there you see we
have like where we organized all our
magic cards and stuff and a bunch of
other boxes like loot crate boxes there
is a poster of me I do posters of me all
over the house this one over here is my
absolute favorites because I did
everything for this shoot this was like
my shoes my makeup my hair my
post-processing I even got the syringe
and the gloves from my own personal
plastic surgeons that was cool as you
guys know this is where I do most of my
videos there's Shao Kahn and of course
my boyfriend Captain America and I'm
gonna show you something real quick
Oh
I'm recording you showering how do you
feel about that
stupid
this is our our shower I'm gonna post
this you know I'm gonna post it I did
all of the decorating of the house like
I did all the colors and stuff and I
thought this would be a cool accent this
is me on I think one of the beaches of
California whatever here is all Jays
muscle magazines muscular developments
pretty good in this is where we keep all
of our towels towel in use and the towel
that is dirty here's our toilet oh man
we have some cool things this is a book
I bought for Jo recently I found this
outside I look fucking stupid this thing
is really cool I love this thing because
it's an automated soap dispenser yeah so
easy to wash my hands
so awesome over here I don't actually
use these but I'll use it right now
instead I'm gonna walk over there get
the scale just shorts and let's leave
here this is the bedroom and as you can
see I fucking love stuffed animals
specifically squishables and he's big
I'm laying on my bed right now my
stomach these these big eyed fucking
alien looking birds basically I like all
of them but I like the birds the best so
I have a biggest collection of birds
this pillow is really fucking cool I
worked with a company a while back who
wanted to sell cuddle pillows of me so
this is me in my Atari outfit if there's
a full body pillow cut a cuddle pillow
can't fucking talk here is general
triple and a bunch of my squishables
this is a Flying Pig
I love Pink Floyd's my favorite band so
yeah this is a warble I don't even know
what that is it's like some guy who does
art and it's just really cute hermit
crab Wilbur's wanted a hermit crab pet
and Jay and I also collected these brown
teddy bears you can get at Target and
they randomly just have like different
sizes so we bought like every size I
have a grilled-cheese squishable a toast
squishable can't talk and a cookie
squishable blankets the new guy got me
this blanket I use it every fucking
night and this blanket is Jay's blanket
it's a bunch of basketballs on it he
loves basketball so actually made this
for him like years and years ago oh we
have t-rex and I want to show you guys
over here we have
a bunch of more stuffs animals gremlin
over there nobody can see and Here I am
in the mirror hey guys oh my god so this
right here is me being really messy the
maid came and fucking folded all this
but I was in the game of League so I was
like I can't tell you where to put it
all so she just left here I have way too
much clothes over there is more clothes
more clothes just so much fucking
clothes and here is the closet we also
have these guys J made me this a long
time ago we have every ninja turtle why
not a breath look running around talking
that's why I don't do vlogs while I'm
walking oh sorry guys up here we have
all of my like shirts of flannels down
here is Jay's shit and I have some
costumes Princess Leia costume I need to
do a video of um just so much shit like
back here like you can't see it before
han doors like all of my modeling bags
and it's just ridiculous and it's just
like fucking messy I need a bigger house
for all the fucking clothes I have and
I'm gonna lay on the bed this bed is
it's got a microfiber sheet on the top
it's a California King and it has a what
is it called memory foam mattress which
is like really fucking comfortable let's
go into the living room
and look it's Diablo it's my Diablo
nightlight he's so cute I'm actually
kind of up for the dark sometimes
depending on my mood so I like well
let's go to the kitchen first this is a
tiny Christmas tree that I bought this
year there's also a tinier Christmas
tree here that I think my parents gave
me um and I got this for like a dollar
at Target I saw it like in the front
area you know this is where I keep all
of my fruits and usually but the only
thing I have right now is potatoes
because in Soviet Russia that's your
favorite fruit here is some of my manga
collection and erotic manga as well like
in nipples and shit can't show you that
there's the big book of a little book of
big titties got some art from this hand
screw black flag and here is sub-zero
and scorpion I got these from the MK 9
special edition collector's edition here
is my wonderful treadmill which I love
very much
so creak so
yes I love you treadmill II oh this is
where I got most of my cardio in this is
Jai's shoes and my shoes he wears like a
size 15 and I wear a normal size and
women's which is like seven seven and a
half depending this is our couch and
this is our big giant magic card that is
a tray that we use either for eating or
putting a fucking mousepad on so we can
use a computer here I have my old laptop
hooked up here so it's hooked up to the
TV and we watch porn on there he plays
hearthstone when I make food we play
steam games have the ps4 the ps3 the ps2
fucking GameCube we intend a 64 a
keyboard and this is where we charge our
ps4 controllers sup panda this thing is
something that I bought for Jay because
he has back problems it's like a an
acupuncture type thing and he and I
usually lay on it after we work out and
stuff and it's like really comfortable
and afterwards I think it's meant to
just basically like make blood flow into
the area that you're having an issue so
if you're having a back problem adding
more blood flow to it it like helps it
heal quicker and it also heals sore
muscles quicker which is cool
over here we have to Diablo
artbooks this is actually the book of
Cain it's a pretty good book and that's
an art book laying down here you can see
my entire entertainment center this is
the only thing I do when I actually have
free time I lay on the couch and I play
fucking video games and the only time I
watch Netflix even though I watch
Netflix here
time I'll watch Netflix here is when I'm
eating because I really don't have much
time and I'd rather play video games
instead
but um yeah porn video games
Netflix currently we're watching the
Clone Wars series the animated series
which is and over here we have some of
our older games ps2 ps3 some blu-ray
movies some fucking music and we have
the phantom pain collector's edition box
this little motherfucker I Dream of
Jeannie complete series I fucking love
that show it's amazing this is my
favorite car of all time my dream car
it's a 57 Chevy fucking beautiful car
and it's actually like if you open all
the things you can actually see there's
like a spare tire in here and
everything's like operational like you
move this and it actually moves the
tires it's fucking awesome oh there's
more controllers of things and shit
we have way too many games as you can
see again need a bigger place to live
because I can't fit all of my
collectibles here I can't fit all of my
games in the shelves we just need a
bigger place and we don't have any room
to put it here this is my guitar
through here here not even see him I
just wish I had more room to display
this stuff we've got collections
editions from all the Blizzard games
these are a bunch of my pop figures and
just other things that I got with Kratos
we've got fucking a bunch of piccolo
because he's my favorite
Veigar even and just a bunch of stuff
from loot crate and other things that
people have given me or that I've bought
myself I've got a horse stone god this
is from the phantom pain series we've
got the Scorpion figure from Mortal
Kombat X collector's edition this is
like okay if you guys don't play Magic
you guys don't really know what a what's
called tube is a play mat tube but I
fill the play mat tube pulled board into
God's empty packs because I thought it
looks cool and put it there or whatever
I've got Garak materials and other
people here we have one of my favorite
posters ever which someone sent me it
says blow man it's an old cartridge cuz
you know you used to blow into
cartridges here we've got Rafael and
we've got a barium flower this is JS JS
JS is right here and mine is right here
we both have a guitar I really want to
learn to play he started to learn to
play there's a katana that I bought him
for his birthday a long time ago
original Star Wars trilogy cuz that
fucking motherfuckers 4 5 & 6 pretty
good some ps3
it's for games and let's move on to the
let's do some of the kitchen I guess
hopefully this is entertaining for you
guys this is German rock sugar ice use
it in my tea this is where I have to
fucking keep I have to keep filling all
these cartridges thingies so I can do
videos I found this outside this is our
fucking thing up here Junior J rocks the
guy had to ban from my twitch app got me
this and it broke while he was shipping
as me I'm really stupid
my mom gave me this one dirty dishes for
you here I have this is um these fits
but they don't fit wells and this is
like my first gold pants here's some
things from loot crate some fuck we got
Diablo Carrigan material all the good
shit Deathwing Arthas so fucking cute
Illidan and a Hydralisk which is awesome
this is from James country Serbia this
is really cool this is a really cool
fucking love that I got that like two
years ago fucking awesome and this is a
little guy who just put things in a man
always there so our fridge is pretty
messy Jay loves this like mango juice
and I'm addicted to 7up so I get like
three week or something and then I get
them I drink them when I have like any
cheat meal or something
in here is mostly vegan things that you
can microwave
I fucking love Morningstar more I don't
like vegetables so I'm not like the
stereotypical weirdo vegan that eats
nasty shit I eat hot dogs chicken
nuggets
mac and cheese this is vegan mac and
cheese we have bacon strips
vegan pad thai and just a bunch of
really cool stuff that we eat yeah
should we go to the room where I sit up
here we have this is for me getting to a
hundred thousand subscribers on my blog
channel this is for me getting a hundred
thousand subscribers on my gaming
channel fucking awesome these are like
some of my prized possessions j1a TCG
player 5k a year ago about and this is
fucking cool it's amazing it's so
magical together anything you want like
a good part of five thousand dollars
which is pretty cool hey Jer what's she
doing this is my setup and I obviously
do like I'll go in depth more with my
gaming setup at some point but down here
our towers we have identical towers but
my computer is like vastly better than
his
this is a mica don't use very often but
I use it when I play games with Jay so I
don't have to wear a headset and we can
like both talking to one Mike over here
is like one of the best things ever okay
this is our Rubik's Cube fridge you open
it up and it fits waters so that's why
I'm always asking you different waters
this is some really cool shit we've got
some cool mouse pads Starcraft my sketch
pad channel fireball fucking play mats
here's me editing a video for my gaming
channel this is my setup for streaming
webcam light Macedon poster poster jay
is set up over there
something I made for Jay and check this
out we need money money okay well
pretend I put money here
so cute right okay so well so we have a
bunch of headsets they used to use and
this is the thing you see behind me just
a fuck - enough plushies from various
video games and anime series as well as
superheroes we've got this which I had
to cover up initially when I first
became a partner on Twitch because it
has underboob on it so cover it up with
a bunch of awesome stuff umbrella
umbrella pac-man ghost lights she's
fucking a bunch of awesome stuff Tom
berry cock doir and bison Hello Kitty
over here we have a bunch of masks I
love masks up there we have some of my
favorite magazine covers and insides
that I just had framed it was really
expensive to have them framed actually
which is kind of weird
let's move over to my makeup table okay
so here I have just like a bunch of
motivation and things that I've
collected clutch and Raptor my favorite
deck was model blue back in the day Rose
block days here's some motivation for
getting fits a bunch of my makeup
there's my main makeup my fucking this
thing light it up and got Edward over
there god this thing is for steaming my
pores if you follow me on instagram you
would know that
here are the dogs that are fucking that
you don't get to see in the videos
anymore that you used to see when I
first started here's like a contouring
guide and some like you know just like
inspiration Derrick some Theroux stuff
world magic Cup qualifiers stuff
well guys I hope you enjoyed this so
producer like the video subscribe to the
channel let me know what else you want
me to do with the GoPro I'm probably
gonna do a whole gaming setup thing soon
so if you guys enjoyed this and like
more insights into what my place looks
like I'm hoping to get a bigger place
really soon because I definitely needed
a lot of shit and I want to have like a
bunch of different places that I can
record videos like I want to have like a
place that's like has a blue background
with a bunch of like a Nintendo looking
clouds you know like Mario looking
clouds and then have all of my Nintendo
plushies like you see on the chair I
want them on like the wall and like a
really nicely done with no tags and
everything she's perfect and I have a
bunch of different ideas for what I want
to do with all of my you know
collectible figures and it's just
awesome so yeah thank you for watching
hope you guys enjoyed bye also tell me
how stupid I look in this
