welcome to new episode of Terror just
got our lips done and should not be
making videos yet so don't make fun of
me or actually do it might make great
fodder for next Harry Reid's comments
the more ignorant the better let's get
started sluts are bold these days as
opposed to the sluts of the 18th century
who were shy little things it's not a
terrible if she's not cutting water
every 30 seconds of every video ever and
drink that much water come on maybe I do
but come on guys I have to be guzzling
something and I do have to keep my
videos PG please do conspiracy theories
please do theories please do reaction
scary videos please do life teaching an
educational experience please do horror
stories all suggestions on one video
calm the fuck down bro someone's going
to give themselves an aneurysm
you're preventing me for having sex with
you what does that say about you maybe
that I have some taste Oh burn a plastic
looking mourn of a woman telling men
what to do what am I telling them to do
oh it's on my feel free to fat video I
can't imagine someone being mad at being
told to fat fucking crazies alright if
you really don't want to you don't have
to Tara found Joey a new love pussy
context please I don't even know the
fuck he's talking about girl you don't
know how some of us are I have a
terrible gag reflex that I'm afraid I'll
want to throw up if I'm on my boyfriend
I'm afraid of cum I've got a solution
for this
have him come into your hands lick it or
just do the whole thing and see if you
can keep it down first I think I speak
on behalf of all men of the world when I
say please don't throw up on your
boyfriend stick you are a fucking dumb
bitch it sounds like all of the mass of
your brain went into your tits that's
why you put a fucking cleavage just to
make men masturbate over your image fuck
you I can't stop
she put a fucking cleavage what the it
does seem like you are right sir I
really wish my neighbours would not walk
in the hallway past my place when I'm
trying to make a fucking video I should
just like get in the habit of every day
of every week when they're doing that
just get naked and open the door and
just stare at them I would probably just
get evicted or something anyway
uncensored porn titties
the best kind you're way prettier
without makeup I think I look great
without makeup but let's
honest if you were saying this you're
either a hipster that's trying to sound
cool to your girlfriend or you have
terrible fucking taste makeup is like
meant to make people look better in more
glamorous it's awesome
lmao them ugly ass porn dudes don't do
porn it makes you that much more
valuable please
use punctuation I have no idea what the
fuck this guy's talking about so next
time please
Ronald Samuel obey the laws of English
Tara I like you as a person but this
video was retarded whoa you can't say
the word retarded that's offensive to
all the retards don't have the mental
capacity to know anything that you're
saying please stop I'm just kidding I
hate people who say that you know what's
worse than retard retarded faggots this
is someone walking out there with her
fucking peg leg
Jesus Christ no weeps maybe I don't know
what that is
woman who have had more than one cock
should totally be treated as a
second-class people you really don't
want that bro let me tell you why
because bitches will start being more
picky about the one penis they're
allowed to have and guys like you will
get zero pussy you should definitely
treat ugly STD ridden sluts with
appreciation because they're the only
people that will ever fuck you you
should feel guilty for his death he
wouldn't be dead if it wasn't for you
shunning him and you know it's off to
the chambers with you this is definitely
not the real Hitler you know I can tell
I would never be sent to the chambers I
am a perfect image of the Aryan race I
beat my dick like it robs my mother oh I
like that one your dick did rob your
mother of the pride of her son I hate
with this video done for his own mental
health has become so like a haiku or
something what the fuck was that some
other kind of poem what are you talking
about damn I have seen some sexy gamer
girls but damn you're really sexy sorry
if I'm out of line just needed to say
you know I'm fucking tired of this you
are out of line would you want to say
you're sexy and you mean you are sexy
not my sexy the possessive fucking spell
at right you're not excused Oh in all
honesty I really don't understand why
people ask for permission to say nice
things to other people oh I hope it
doesn't offend you but you're the best
pianist I've ever heard
sexy is good it's a compliment please
make sense of this for me she doesn't
have a type she is a ho she has broken
inside look at her
ize I don't get it also what does I have
to do with me having a type I hate
niggers and I don't wear white with a
pointy hat Jesus Christ this girl looks
relatively normal alright guys I think I
will let you reflect on that don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel for my reactions to idiots
and if you guys are posting really nice
comments are really nice questions and
you want your voice to be heard in my
videos wait until around the 10th
because I'll be doing my second episode
of my Q&A and I'll be taking the
questions from my Twitter and my
Instagram so just follow me on Instagram
and Twitter and wait for the call for
questions I definitely want to shed some
light on those of you who actually
support me rather than all of the idiots
who just try to hate on me but you got
to admit this is a lot funnier can't
even finish my video without another set
of people walking by should go outside
and fucking slit their throats
should I not thanks for watching I'll
see you guys in two weeks with another
tear outsmarts idiots
