hey guys today we're going to talk about
my sponsors and what I require in order
to take a sponsorship and I've been
wanting to do this for a while because a
lot of people have been requesting it my
mic is not facing me it fell over anyway
sorry about that a lot of people have
been requesting it I don't really
understand why I think people just want
to you know know more about how YouTube
works or what kinds of things i'm into
and people are just interested in that
or whatever so i thought i would do this
and I have full transparency with you
guys and I don't see any reason why I
wouldn't talk about this but the one
thing I do have to hold back is exactly
how much money someone gives me are the
exact terms of my contract with certain
people but I only have two actual
sponsors like ongoing monthly
sponsorships and that is a sample box
and kinguin kinguin an sample box both
allow me to do giveaways which is
something I holy require like if you
don't allow me to give away free shit to
my viewers that I'm not that interested
the next thing that I require is that
I'm actually interested in the service
when's amplivox first contacted me I
kind of had I saw the social stigma
around vaping and I heard that it wasn't
too healthy but I decided to do my own
research because it was a good deal and
as much as people think that that's
selling out like every single person and
entertainment whether it's like a
football player a youtuber and actor
actress unless they're like madly
wealthy off of every movie that they do
they have sponsors because they have to
fucking eat they're like slaving over
their art but they still need to make a
little bit of money in order to survive
and I am in no way wealthy by any means
and i still would turn down a
partnership or a sponsorship that I felt
made me feel disingenuous like if it was
meant to hurt you guys or if I thought
that it might be bad for you or
something and that's how I felt a little
bit about sample box at first but then I
did a lot of research and I heard what
the girl from sample box had to say and
actually went to high school with her so
it was kind of interesting we were never
really friends but we talked about it
and I was like yeah that makes sense
I've always hated that people smoke and
when I'm around people that vape I'm
kind of like you're a hipster or
wherever but it smells so much better
and it's clearly healthier when I did my
research and all of all the things that
people were saying that we're bad about
them were refuted by actual facts rather
than just like
awful anecdotal evidence that wasn't
supported by anything and was obviously
perpetuated by tobacco companies that
makes sense to me that a lot of things
in media are bullshit and just based on
whatever company has the most money to
kind of slander market it it's like when
you think about politics like one guy
will say terrible things about one of
his political components are opponents
components and then the other guy will
say awful things about him and you have
to just kind of extrapolate the facts
from the bullshit and make your own like
educated opinion and that's what i did
was amplivox and i thought it is a good
fit and i am creating a healthier
lifestyle and i am creating an
atmosphere that i'm happier in and i'm
giving away free shit every single month
so i was like yes this is this is what i
want to do and i decided to take the
sponsorship with kinguin it's just like
it's a no-brainer like I've bought a
bunch of fucking games off of kinguin
it's just a middleman to get your games
that makes things a little bit cheaper
you can get things on steam you can get
things directly to your computer like
you can get starcraft and stuff like
that Blizzard games and for me that just
made sense i'm going to be giving away
things all the time going to be giving
my games i get games that i get to try
out on my channel and i get a little bit
of credit so i can spend money on my own
games and it just it was perfect and it
made sense and so the few things i would
say that i have to require is that um
it's not hurting my viewers it's giving
my viewers free shit it's something that
I actually care about or I'm interested
in so it has to be like gaming related
or health related or sex related and
that is a great segue to my next
on-again off-again a sponsorship that I
have and it's not really a sponsorship
it's more like Adam and Eve which is the
sex shop like I've done two videos for
them so far and they pay me in a mount /
video and I get free sex toys and I get
to talk about sex toys and they help
fund my sex head project which is like
half the time age-restricted so I don't
make any money off of it even like the
shitty revenue that you get in like
behind the scenes type thing and um I
cannot say no to free sex toys free
games free sex toys those are the two
things that I'm just like yes and the
fact that Adam and Eve allows me okay
let me tell you
a little bit about the sponsorship
process with Adam and Eve as much as I
can possibly tell you they say we'll pay
you this amount per video and we give
you a code that's insane like fifty
percent off and then free shipping
that's like an insane code like I want
to spread that spread that joy to
fucking everyone like I will use that
code myself to buy things whenever i buy
something and so I actually get to pick
on the site like what kinds of things i
want to show in my video and like I get
to choose the topic and that's a huge
thing for me too if a sponsor tries to
impart their own shit on to me like you
have to do this this way like oh the
biggest thing the biggest thing for me
is if they try to say that I have to
give a positive review if they say you
have to speak positively even when you
feel like the opposite I'm like nope
fuck that i'm on a hard Poisson honest
to my viewers i'm never going to fucking
be like this product is awesome when I
don't feel like it is a hundred percent
I'm gonna be honest and often i do think
things are just awesome I'm like very
easy to please I'm easy to please in bed
and if something vibrates and it looks
like a tongue and it goes into my vagina
or it stimulates my clitoris I'm fucking
happy so I'm not the best person to do
reviews for things like I find cuteness
and every game i find you know an orgasm
in any toy like i could just take like a
piece of paper just rub it on my clinton
guys yeah good sex toy but like I'm
never gonna lie if I feel like the game
is bad like core when the game is a
particular game that I actually thought
was bad and I think it has some it's a
good concept and I have to say things
like that because I find beauty in a
game that someone worked hard to create
so it's like the game is so cute but i
can't stand playing it like that kind of
thing so with Korra in the game I was I
was honest about it and that wasn't one
of the games that a developer actually
sent me to review or whatever but if
they had I would you know talk about it
and upload it and if they didn't like it
i would like fuck you it's my medium I'm
allowed to say whatever the fuck I want
and I would never take a sponsorship
where they like require me to say good
things um so Adam and Eve where I was
talking about the Adam and Eve so I I
choose I choose things I get an amount
of money half before the videos up and
half when they preview the video and see
that it's good
and I give an amazing code and then I
get sex toys for free that I get to play
with I do a sexy video which is sexier
than ever because it's got props like I
love sex head with props it's awesome
and then afterwards they they send me
the guy at Adam and Eve Lee that I
talked to he always sends me a fucking
what are they called edible arrangements
like chocolate-covered strawberries in
the mail like the day after and it's
just like there is nothing bad about
this sponsorship this is just the most
amazing thing ever and i want to start
doing like maybe like sex toy giveaways
but I don't know the I don't I'm they're
not like a full-on sponsor and I don't
know if I'm good enough for them if that
makes any sense like I don't know if I
get enough people buying things because
of me from their site so i don't know if
they ever want to do this but I've
talked with them about doing like an
actual like one sex toy review video and
making it separate from sex head and I'm
thinking about doing like sex toy
giveaways but I don't know the
stipulations legally behind that because
I can't give out like sex toys and
lingerie and porn to people under the
age of 18 if that makes any sense and I
don't know how to screen that when I do
give away so giving away 18 plus items
is kind of hard um I want to also want
to let you know that next thursday i'm
going to be doing giveaway of the new
tomb raider which is gonna be cool i'm
going to try dress up like laura croft
hopefully i'm going to dress up like the
old laura croft because i have big tits
and the new laura croft doesn't really
and I just feel like I actually have the
the like bluish-white ish green shirt
that will actually look good then I'll
just have like one ponytail like this
and then i'll put on like the the
stunner glasses like she used to wear
sometimes back in the day and i think
i'll do like a laura croft type cosplay
what I'm talking about that good
giveaway but like it it makes me happy
that i can give free shit away to my my
viewer base my fan base who like do so
much for me and I can give back a little
bit to them because not everyone can
fucking afford a sixty-dollar game not
everyone can like has played all of my
favorite games so I like giving away
games for my favorite franchise like I
did a couple months ago for my New
Year's giveaway and I just think that
sponsorships makes sense because if we
look at the revenue like okay I'm
going to try be as transparent as
possible without getting in trouble all
of the revenue from both my gaming
channel YouTube and my vlog channel and
my twitch stream if we just go based off
of revenue i'm making a good amount less
than a thousand bucks a month and that
is not something you can live off of and
i know someone like pewdiepie who's like
the biggest person on YouTube can live
off of that kind of thing but it is so
much smaller revenue wise than you think
it is and like every big youtuber you
know that makes so much more than me has
sponsorship so it's kind of weird to me
that just because I'm attractive people
immediately insinuate that any kind of
money I get that's the only reason I'm
into something whereas the only reason I
want money is so I can buy more games
than sex toys and just basically be
comfortable like what I want to do is be
comfortable like that's my goal I've
never thought like Lamborghinis oh my
god Prada bags that's like not my thing
contrary to how I look I might want to
spend more money on plastic surgery or
something but it's not my that's not
what I think of every day I think about
like living my life happily so when
someone insinuate said I would like
sleep with an old man like Hugh Hefner
for money or like even getting a
friendship for a little bit amount of
money like I only do things that I am
happy with that I enjoy and every
content producer who is especially a
little bit little or you know in the
field like I am I'm not like a huge
youtuber I mean I have my 100k youtuber
plaques or whatever and you know I get a
decent amount of viewership on my twitch
but I'm not one of the bigger ones that
is just like rolling in dough I mean I
have a fucking two bedroom apartment and
I'm looking into buying a house and i'm
happy with like the amount of cash flow
that's coming in but you guys watching
my free content and then deciding that
you want to help by donating or
understanding that i'm going to take
sponsorships because it's a win-win like
you get free shit i get money and free
shit you know I get to promote something
that's awesome that you guys might not
know about and I don't I don't see any
downside to that like what kind of like
person who thinks that their selfless
selfless but is really just an idiot
wouldn't take free stuff and then also
give free stuff to their viewers like I
don't understand
the thought process there is just like
I'm worried whether people think that's
like the only thought process they could
possibly be there because there is no
downside it's not like I take this money
and it's good for a month and then I
explode and die like that's not what's
going on so to me it's just people
trying to say that my intentions are
something that they are not by getting
mad that I might have a sponsorship it's
not selling out for me to want to be
able to survive if that makes any sense
it's not selling out for me to want to
make you know things that are flashy
that you might want to click on like
none of that shit make sense as long as
my intentions are good and pure and I
fucking love you guys and it's clear
like if you watch a couple of my videos
it's clear who I am and how I conduct
business it's clear that I am NOT okay
with doing something that I'm not
comfortable with her that I don't enjoy
especially not for money like money is
like on the back burner money money
isn't necessary evil but it is not I'm
not thinking about green dough anytime
I'm doing something I'm thinking about
wanting to live my life to the fullest
and being happy with myself if that
makes any sense um one sponsorship that
I used to have that I don't really
endorse any more is Luke crate so the
reason I stopped making loot crate
videos is because everyone does it and
it felt boring to me and people didn't
like it and it was just like i don't
know i'm not giving away loot crates and
it's just like whatever so I still have
the loot crate code down in my
description you can still use it but for
me it wasn't giving anything away it
wasn't adding to my channel like every
single youtuber has a partnership with
loot crate basically and for me it was
like the loot crate sarku like usually
most of them whew like occasionally I'll
get like a fully Doctor Who one and I'm
like I don't watch Doctor Who so I don't
fucking care about this but most of the
time the shit that I get is really
fucking cool like i just opened one
today and i got like a facehugger and
like a fuckit like a bunch of stuff from
UM from uh huh what the fuck why can't I
remember Mulder and Scully shit what the
fuck is wrong with me but anyway I grew
up with that shit I fucking love that
shit and like I'm watching like
Californication and thinking that's
Mulder and watching hannibal and
thinking that Scully and nothing else
also Scully got hotter with age which is
kind of weird but um yeah sometimes it's
really amazing and it's awesome to have
that stuff but for me people just
weren't interested in it and a lot of
people I felt like it's not worth paying
a lot of money for and if I'm telling
people to do it then it didn't feel
right to me because it's kind of a lot
of money to get that stuff and a lot of
it is often things that people will
consider it to be junk and I don't want
you to feel like you have to buy
something in order to support me if you
don't want it so I only want to promote
the things that I'm like this is awesome
like-minded people think this is awesome
as well you know that kind of thing so
that is an information about my
sponsorships trying to think there's
anything else I work with streamer II
know but I'm more like beta testing for
them stream moreno calm as a site that
where I can find matches with my fans
and it's like a randomizer for some like
my fans sign up they want to play like a
league game with me and then I randomize
it and I choose based on that and that's
kind of cool but it's not a sponsorship
really like they're not promoting on my
page they're just kind of paying me a
very small amount a week to beta test it
and give them ideas back which for me is
amazing because I have so many ideas
about everything like you should see how
I've tried to improve patreon I'm like
constantly talking to like Heather at
support at patreon river the fucking I'm
like dude you guys need to have this in
that they're like yeah I'm working on it
I'm like this is not working right what
is wrong with you and I feel like I
would be a good beta tester or a good
tester of new platforms in a different
life may I hope you enjoyed this video
again one hundred percent transparency
if you have any questions to ask me
other than the actual like numbers and
things that I can't get into I actually
personally don't like when people say oh
I can't talk about that or oh it's bad
taste to ask me what my income is I
don't really have a problem with that
but I can't talk about it because it's
like in the contract not to and in a
regular work setting it makes sense
because you don't want to find out that
you're equal you're not subordinate is
making more than you because then that
can cause like the company to lose a lot
of money because they go and complain
and I understand that and I also but I
just don't understand why people think
it's so taboo to ask like how much do
you make outside of your own work
like if one of my like if I'm working at
safeway and one of my friends comes up
and says how much do you make annually I
wouldn't be like oh just like people ask
like how much do you weigh how much how
tall are you type a thing how old are
you but you know I feel about taboos
nothing's taboo to me so yeah I love you
guys like the video and subscribe to the
channel subscribe for happy days and
Tara happiness and I love you guys so
much and I can just keep this here hold
a subscribe button between your tits or
ever fucking shit the SUBSCRIBE thing
that I do in the videos now is so much
better when when I do the jump cuts cuz
I can bake like the video cut subscribe
to the channel but yeah thanks guys you
are fucking awesome and yeah last week I
well I don't know if it's over yet I
don't know when this video is going to
be posted so whatever scratch whatever I
was going to go on a tangent about bye
thanks for watching uh
