whoo hey guys and welcome to my monday
rambly ass phone vlog today we're gonna
do something that I don't usually do and
that's going to be covering a popular
topic that's going on on YouTube right
now and the reason I don't really do
that often is because I feel like a lot
of the things that are going on like the
kylie jenner lip challenge I just don't
give a shit about it it seems shallow
and stupid and I just don't care and for
me to like manufacture an opinion just
to make people click on my videos kind
of just very icky to me and I feel like
a lot of people do that the same with
like ALS bucket challenge and a bunch of
different things it was like not so much
helping other people or doing what your
subscribers want you to do and more just
you know pandering to more views in a
wider audience without actually having a
good reason to do so you know and when I
have an opinion on something that's like
a huge topic I do want to talk about it
because I actually have an opinion you
know and today I'm going to talk about
my thoughts on the nicole arbour versus
Matthew Santoro shit and how everyone is
just like really hating nicole arbour
and has been doing so since her fat is
bad or whatever the fuck video that was
my video I did before she released that
one a video called fat is bad which is
basically just like the same thing but
it's more philosophical than it is
satirical and it's more just like me
clearly thinking about what is good for
society and stuff like that so you can
say that it's something that is in the
same vein just less meant to be you know
shocking like hat it doesn't have the
shock value type of thing so um first of
all I've watched both videos all videos
relating the topic because i have run
out of videos to watch when i do cardio
and it's funny because most of my
favorite youtubers upload things like
twice a week or once a week and i do
cardio up to two times a day sometimes
depending on when Jay goes to the big
gym where I'm here on my treadmill so I
have to watch a lot of fucking content
um I am very happy I want to say this I
want to preface this by saying that I'm
very happy that someone like Matthew
Santoro is willing to be so emotional on
camera and willing to talk about
something so personal I think that is
some
great about vlogging I feel like that's
something that I want to do and if I had
more drama in my life I would definitely
be more open about it I just there's a
huge bad taste in my mouth from the way
that he is conducting himself in this
matter and the things that have
transpired on his end and while i'm
pretty sure that all the things he's
talking about her true and i'm pretty
sure that he's being mostly genuine we
can honestly never know that's something
that I need to put out there because I
know that my opinion is not going to be
very popular i know people see Matthew
Santoro and they're like this guy is the
nicest guy in the world how could we
ever hate him someone has hurt him he's
crying he's clearly the victim but I
feel like that in itself is the problem
with Matthew Santoro not only is he like
too nice and too politically correct
when I see someone who's too nice and
too politically correct I genuinely
don't love them because I see that as
being fake like there are people who are
just nice but people who like are afraid
of certain topics or stray away from
certain things I the general public will
often like them but I don't find them as
interesting or don't like them as much
and it's obvious that when there's gonna
be a conflict between someone like
Matthew Santoro and someone like nicole
arbour who's offended literally everyone
except for me it feels like people are
gonna side with Matthew Santoro because
he's the nice person but really how much
do you know about him how much has he
divulged he said so many times in his
vlog channel which I've tried to watch
that uh he doesn't really want to show
everything to the world and that there
are a lot of things in his life that he
wants to keep private and that's
something that's fine that's you know
your teaches own that's something you
want to do that's good you're a huge
youtuber you often don't want your whole
world just professed to the internet
like that is something i get i would
never wanted to be someone like Marilyn
Monroe like I heard stories about her
trying to go shopping at a normal store
our time and she would get bombarded by
people or people constantly be taking
pictures of her and every celebrity I'm
sure it's like that it's just like
that's one that sticks out of my mind
and I would never want to be that way
and that's there in in that same vein
that's probably why Matthew Santoro
wants to keep some things private
make sense but um I just feel like that
comes off as a little disingenuous to me
and the biggest flaw that I see in the
whole Matthew Santoro side of things is
the fact that his he's allowing his
friend to go and like do interviews that
are basically just smearing nicole
arbour and talking about something that
that person wasn't even involved in or
actually knows no facts about just liked
what he heard from Matthew Santoro and
he doesn't even know nicole arbour he's
never met her supposedly and he just
wasn't part of that issue and I love Rob
Dyke he's like one of my favorite
youtubers till watch basically um I was
just watching his video i was doing
makeup actually but I doesn't make any
sense to me like if my friend wanted to
go talk about like something that
happened to me personally I would be
like no that's something that I'm either
gonna do or or we're not gonna do
basically and it's just like there's no
reason for someone who wasn't who wasn't
involved to talk about it and likewise a
like some people might be like well you
don't know that Matthew Santoro let him
well why is Mathew Santoro not mad about
it or apologizing about it he's clearly
on board with it and that seems a little
bit fishy to me like why would you do
that other than to perpetuate drama
which is in itself just stupid and why
would you do that if you're not trying
to slander and smear and kill this
person's career you know and it's so
dumb to me the society like let's say
she did something terrible like worse
than what she is you know have said to
have done you know let's say she did
something short of killing someone like
she was just a bad person for a while
right like there's no reason that
society can't say she did some good
things but I don't like her as a person
or she did some good things but I don't
like what I've heard of her as a person
like as a as a bystander there's no
possible way that you can know the exact
facts of what happened all your going
off of as he said she said so the fact
that society gets so like up in a tizzy
about it like that's like something my
mom would say but for lack of a better
phrase like they get so angry that they
wish her death like you don't know
anything about her you weren't a part of
any of the circumstances you don't know
what's true and what's not true and like
to be frank like when I am hearing what
he is describing as an abusive
relationship that to me sounds more like
a dysfunctional relationship one that
I've had numerous times throughout my
life we're both ends were just crazy and
you shouldn't have been in that
relationship and you should have a
little bit more self-respect and it's
clear that he's very insecure and it's
clear that he is new to a lot of things
in life and he's just said like very
sheltered nice person that's what I see
when I hear him talk about things and I
understand that it affected him deeply
emotionally and that's absolutely fine
that's you know fucking relationships
like that have affected me that way as
well but like it's more dysfunctional
and it's more unhealthy than it is
abusive like I've slapped guys you know
guys have like you know we've yelled at
each other and told each other like
stupid shit that we just like
immediately regret like all I'm gonna
kill myself type stuff if you leave and
like there have been fights for someone
like leaves and you know it's just like
that's all just personal shit and people
are blowing it out of proportion because
this is the first time they've heard
someone actually vocalize it they've you
know a lot of people are just very
private about that thing and then they
you know get back together and it was
like wow that was an embarrassing moment
in our relationship and sometimes those
you know relationships can be
dysfunctional sometimes they're not but
I felt that it was a little cringy that
he kept equating it to the kind of
abusive relationship where the stronger
more dominant person the relationship
actually beats them on a daily basis and
doesn't let them get out of that
relationship and it felt like it was
doing an injustice to all of those you
know smaller people and I say smaller
people because it is going to be
biologically more often women who suffer
from domestic abuse because men are just
biologically larger and more aggressive
because of testosterone because of their
genes because of just their gender their
taller bigger and stronger I mean I have
guy friends that are like actually you
know way have weighed less than me and I
go to the gym and they don't and they
can hold me down in there stronger than
me it's like men are just stronger
that's a fact so the fact that he is
acting like he is
in a similar position as those women
that are constantly being beat and if
they try to leave you know they will be
killed and women are killed in the
situation or like men that are
constantly made to feel like they're
worthless and or actually abused by
women like unless it's a Ronda Rousey
you know dating some like really tiny
little asian dude who's never lifted a
weight in his life then it's not an
actual physically abusive situation and
I know he did say that it's more of the
the psychological abuse but it doesn't
sound like psychological abuse to me it
sounds like every woman like basically I
don't fur I know it's gonna sound
extremely misogynistic but like it is a
it is a stereotype that women don't like
their boyfriends talking to other girls
looking at other girls even associating
with other girls it is a known fact that
when you fall in love you lose two
friends that's like the saying that
everyone's heard because you when you
are so infatuated with a person and so
in love with a person you end up pushing
other things out of your life and they
become a priority and that's just
something that happens and although
women can make that worse by making
their men not go out on guys nights out
or not have friends or not see their
family he even says something like she
made me like this is paraphrasing I
think but she said something like she
made me to believe that all people who
weren't okay with the relationship are
losers yeah any girl who some guys like
I don't like your relationship you
should stop dating this girl she's a
bitch of course she's gonna say they're
losers and of course they kind of are
losers because why are they getting
involved in this relationship and you
know I've had times where I didn't like
the family of my boyfriend or vice versa
and I've just kind of cut them off a
little bit not in like a terrible way
but like for a while or friends that I
didn't see any more because I didn't
have time like that just makes sense and
like so many women are jealous like I
used to be like that and it's not as
much as you can like lightly call it
abusive it's more dysfunctional so to me
what he's alleging and how much it
affected him just doesn't make any sense
to me and I don't think that she should
have you
like acknowledged it I really feel like
I i know i feel like the first video
where she's not asking him to get a
polygraph that's just fucking stupid of
course he's not gonna do it and now she
has some like fake moral high ground
like three people who believe that
bullshit like it's really stupid um the
first one was good you know like she she
talked about her point of view I don't
feel like she should have said that it
didn't happen because like clearly that
type of stuff that type of stuff at
least happened I feel like she should
explain her point of view and admit that
she made mistakes and I feel like that
video was as close to a good response as
she could possibly give but I feel like
it's so gross that like so many people
like so many people Rob Dyke and all of
Matthew Santoro's fans are just sitting
there like wishing death upon her and
Matthew Santoro should have been a
little more responsible in the way that
he conveyed it to his fans because his
fans are often are impressionable
they're often younger they're often you
know internet keyboard warriors that
just want to you know like avenge their
favorite youtuber and to not say that
this is my point of view this is how it
happened for me this is how it made me
feel but I don't wish any harm on her
cuz basically what he was doing is
asking people to start an army and
attack her you know and like I I like
them both as youtubers I don't really
watch Nicole as much because when I'm
watching things I would rather get like
infotainment type stuff or like
information about scary things like Rob
Tycho's does on his channel rather than
satirical content because you know as
much as I agree with most of the things
she says about whatever like abortion
and all that stuff um it's just not my
kind of content I don't know it it she
never really makes me laugh but she's
funny and sometimes she kind of makes me
laugh I don't know I don't like her
editing style but anyway the point of
this is that I am not taking anyone's
side because their content I feel like
their content that they're making for
entertainment purposes it's supposed to
be for entertainment purposes and I'm
not gonna hate the content if I hate
something that she did you know that
kind of thing like I can admit that was
good content but I can't believe she did
that shit to Matthew if I felt that way
or whatever like that some fucked up
shit but that's her own private life and
everyone has weird shit that goes on in
their private lives and she doesn't
sound like someone who's abusive or
manipulative she sounds like someone who
is inside
and may be damaged emotionally or
psychologically she doesn't sound like
some kind of like calculated demon like
people are making her out to be and I
just feel like it's so illogical how
people can't separate the two like
people are down but there's more down
votes on her video about abortion then
there are up votes and people are
obviously doing that because Matthew
Santoro is video and because what he did
to her but really what you're saying
when you download a video is that your
for abortion basically and like I can't
imagine a normal person being for
abortion so like her for not abortion
you're basically saying you're for the
abolishment of the portion oh I love
being a dumb blonde in some moments and
having blonde moments but anyway um I
feel like this was decently conveyed the
way I feel about it and I feel like it's
not going to be a very popular opinion
because it's so much easier to just like
take your rage out on a random /
internet personality that you don't like
than it is to actually be sensible and
logical and I feel like my viewers are
more sensible and logical so they might
actually you know get what I'm trying to
say and might actually maybe not agree
but try to understand what where I'm
coming from and how they're just cringy
things that happened in Matthew Santoro
video obviously I feel like men should
be able to cry obviously I feel like
it's a very noble thing to you know put
your whole life out on the Internet i
wish i had more life so that I could but
basically I'm like ah my fucking light
broke today when I was trying to record
a video and I couldn't get past this
level and kill the plumber and like
that's basically the most drama i have
in my life and I've eradicated drama
mostly because I'm so emotionless now
and it's so more just like have fun have
a good life do what I want don't let
people bring me down that I've kind of
eradicated that that rung that most
people have in their life tree which is
just like needless drama and needless
hate and anger and all of that stuff my
arms starting to actually get so tired
that it's like fatigued to the point of
shaking but um I don't know I wanted to
make an actual topic video without
taking up one of the days where I do
topics on things
it actually mattered to me like
psychology and stuff and I wanted to put
my opinions out there because I feel
like not a lot of people had these
opinions but I feel like it's helpful
for youtubers and YouTube Watchers alike
to understand that there's a difference
between what's actually happening and
what people are saying is happening and
what's actually happening all over the
place and what's happening in your life
and then what's happening in their life
is just pretty much the same shit and I
don't feel like it's so different what
like they went through from what most
couples you know most people have in a
relationship in their lives like most
people go into a relationship where it's
on again off again we're like the sex is
so good but you know she's fucking
manipulative and doesn't want me to see
my family and you know doesn't like when
I talk to other girls like that's so
standard I don't understand that's like
so not something that you would call
abuse you know and like what woman
hasn't like open hand slapped a girl
before slapped a guy before or a girl
whatever the fuck um I feel like I'm
winding down and this is ending but my
character loves you and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video let me know if you
want me to do more stuff like this if
you want me to just scrap it I feel like
there are so many opinion videos on the
internet that you guys probably get your
opinion videos on hot topical topics
somewhere else already but yeah sorry
it's a long also yeah I don't know I'm
also doing this video over here because
you guys said you wanted more natural
light so I don't of my studio lights on
I just got finished recording a video
called why I love indie games which
should be out in about an hour so if
this video has been out for an hour it's
out on my gaming channel don't forget to
check that out youtube.com slash tara
babcock games and all of my other videos
i hope you enjoyed this and don't forget
to subscribe i'm now in a hole because i
took my pillow away but yeah thanks guys
I love you so much I'll see you next
Monday with another a phone vlog ram
bleat I'm Tara day oh you should take a
selfie i need like Betsy this is why
better light is good because like it's
really
for me to hold an iphone 6s plus or
whatever the fuck with one hand but yeah
so cheesy hi guys
