hey guys today I have kind of like a
feel-good be yourself topic and I want
to start off by talking about my sexual
preference and what I identify as as my
sexual preference basically so um I for
as long as i can remember have
identified as bisexual and this to me it
was just like a logical choice it made
sense to me it was like there's some
beauty in the woman the female form
there's some beauty in the male form
there you know great in bed both of them
you know maybe not equally but for
different reasons you know there's a
reason why I find a woman's breasts and
vagina beautiful and like the the shape
of her body and the way she looks and
how like you know cute she can be and
there's things about a woman that I just
find sexually attractive and then
there's things many things about men
that I find sexually attractive and
adding those two together I just feel
like is better sex it just makes for
better sex and I feel like this might be
because of how open I am and how I don't
really care about stigmas but it also
might just be that there isn't really a
stigma behind a feminine woman liking
another feminine woman or a feminine
woman being bisexual and that's why I
kind of call my situation fashionably
bisexual because for me like when I
advocate you know being whatever the
fuck you want or doing whatever the fuck
you want with your sexual orientation or
your sexual you know whatever your
gender assignment just do whatever makes
you feel happiest do whatever makes you
feel most yourself when I advocate that
I often say they instead of we for you
know gays bisexual lesbian transgender
because I don't feel like I go through
the same hardships that they go through
i feel like if i was to say hey i'm in
it with you guys i'm also bisexual i'm
also here not being part of the norm
then I'm kind of taking away from the
struggles that they have because for me
I don't have to come out to my mom I
didn't have to go mom and dad oh my god
I kissed a girl or mom and dad oh my god
I had a threesome with my boyfriend like
that's not something I have to do
because society sees like it's weirder
in society to make fun of or to de Grey
to someone who is bi-sexual bisexual
feminine woman than it is to be one
basically because like it's one of the
most popular porn genres also it's just
like so normal and so fashionable to be
a feminine woman who is also attracted
to other feminine women people think of
it as like oh it's a phase oh it's just
it's very you know it's not a big deal
it's something that's innocent and cute
and sexy and men like to watch it and
it's just something that is supposed to
be sexy in society and that kind of
sucks because I feel like there would be
so many more bisexual men if it was okay
to be so there would be so many more
people coming out of the closet and
being comfortable with whatever the fuck
they want and I think a lot of people
would open up and realize that hey that
man looks fucking nice I you know wish I
had his pecs you know like he's got a
very nice cock that I would like to see
fuck a girl so why don't I you know have
a threesome with him and my girlfriend
like there would be a lot more
experimentation going on sexually and a
lot less repression of sexuality if
people were more okay with it so when I
say they for when I'm talking about I
have like my eyelash sticking together
sorry and I say they for like lesbians
or transgender zor gays I'm not saying
that I'm not part of that I'm just not
trying to take away from what they're
feeling and I really hope that you guys
understand that people who hate on
whatever sexual orientation you have and
this was kind of this topic was kind of
inspired by the reaction to my fan
service friday of my foot fetish video
like so many people just hating on foot
fetish because they don't understand it
because they don't have it themselves
and any person who feels like they
should put someone down or say that
something is wrong just because they
can't understand it or just because it's
not the case for them they're literally
just ignorant plebeians that like don't
know anything about anything like
literally just can't think outside the
box or raised one way and just think
that everything that they do is correct
and anything that isn't what they can
understand or what they do is absolutely
wrong and you can see how ignorant that
sounds and how stupid it is because from
all different walks of life people are
raised just slightly different and have
different morals and different views and
you know you're not choosing to live
this terrible life as a gay person where
your ridicule daily or you have
the possibility of walking down the
street and getting beaten and killed
because of your orientation you're not
choosing that it is who you are and
you're strong enough to come out with
that and I have the deepest fucking
respect for people who can do that
people like I've been watching GG
gorgeous Orton GG gorgeous a lot I can't
fucking talk today GG gorgeous she
shouldn't make her name something that
is hard to say but anyway I've been
watching her a lot and it's crazy like
she's so fucking beautiful like holy
shit and I don't see her as a guy I see
her as what she wants to be seen as
because it makes sense because it
respects her because that's who she is
and it doesn't matter what she used to
do or what she used to be and it doesn't
affect me what she's doing so if I'm
like against it if I could never imagine
being a guy who turns into a girl and
I'm a guy and I'm like oh that's so
fucking weird to me like who cares it
doesn't affect me like it's not like I'm
judging someone who beats his wife or
judging someone who is impeding the life
of someone else you know it make it
makes a little bit of sense too oh god
this fucking eyelash it makes a little
bit of sense to you know not be okay
with something that actually affects the
lives of someone else but like you're
just enjoying your time of being you
know gay having gay sex with the people
and it's consensual here's having a
great time in living your life and being
who you really truly are and I feel like
so many people are afraid of being
called fake unnatural you know weird
wrong they're like afraid to actually
come out and if you're a bisexual man
think about it it's the people think
that women are more biologically prone
to being bisexual but that's just so not
true the reason there's so many more
bisexual women is because it's just
fucking fine it's hot to people it's
interesting it's like pretty popular to
be so so like why not it just makes you
like edgy and cool like a cooler person
so why would you not be that but you
know men if they're also attracted to
women they're just fine with fucking
women for the rest of their lives and
not ever having to be called gay and not
ever having to be ridiculed and you know
not ever having to cross the line into
you know having a sexual relationship
with a man and a lot of people are even
afraid to have a threesome with their
guy friend and another girl because they
think that you know double-teaming a
girl might make them gay or seeing their
guy friends penis might make them gain
it's like such a like oh I gotta not
look gay and I feel
the key to getting past anyone you know
ridiculing you or anyone like anything
verbal not physical I'm not talking
about physical like if you're getting
beaten or if you're being bullied in a
way that's physical hi I'm so sorry and
there are people who can help you
hopefully but I've seen a lot of like
movies and I've heard of a lot of
situations where you know the teachers
and the principal's won't help you the
cops won't help you there's no proof
things like that you feel alone or like
your significant other is telling you
that you you know if you leave he's
gonna kill himself or kill you like that
kind of thing is scary and it's not
something that I'm talking about but I'm
talking about getting past just the
words just the the berating words of
haters or people who don't like you it's
just do you got to understand where it
comes from and being confident and
taking it with pride and taking it with
you know grace like all of that stuff
just makes it so much better like if
you're confident like if someone calls
you something and you're like that does
not apply to me these are these are this
is my logic thought process okay so
someone calls you something let's say
someone calls me a slut now I think am I
a slut yes or no if I am a slut I
already know it and I've come to terms
with it and I've decided to stay a slut
because I enjoy it therefore there's no
reason for me to get offended at this
anymore because I enjoy my life and I'm
not going to change and if I were not a
slut that my life would be worse now
let's say I'm not a slut i already know
i'm not a slut and this person is just
ignorant so who cares what they say and
those are like the two processes you
have to deal with it's just like it
doesn't matter like let's say you are
afraid of telling a girl you like her
because you're afraid that she's gonna
act like react like a bitch like Oh get
away from me and then tell of her
friends and make fun of you and then
everyone in the school is gonna be
making fun of you up to this well think
about it like if you're like I don't
know she was a bitch I don't know what
her problem is and you're just like
confident about it and you're just happy
and going on with your day no one hates
you or no one can like let that hate get
to you they're just going to stop
because it's not working so taking
things with stride and taking things
with grace and just being confident and
looking like reflect within yourself
because sometimes haters can have like
some truth to what they're saying you
know but just look within yourself and
go like is this something I'm trying to
improve yes well then I'll get there
when I get there and I love myself until
then and if it's not something you're
trying to improve and you don't see the
problem with it like
let's say someone says oh your lips are
too fake or something or your boobs are
too big or you're too fat if you're
happy the way you are and there's no
reason for someone else's opinion to
deter you and it's like it's so funny
because like if I listen to everyone's
opinion like one day I would be really
fat and really short the other day I
would be really tall and really thin and
the next day I would have a totally
different you know look to myself I
would be brown haired black haired red
haired blonde haired like everyone has a
different opinion you cannot please
everyone so to just be yourself as the
most important thing and to be confident
with yourself is the most important
thing and I really think that if you're
like someone who is nowhere near your
version of perfect and you have so many
insecurities like focusing on one of
those and just trying to improve for
yourself and never for anyone else it
will just like lift a lot of that
anxiety you're like I'm working toward
goals and then seeing goals and seeing
changes and that makes you so much
happier so I just wanted to talk a
little bit about that in terms of taking
ridicule in a positive way and just kind
of ignoring it and taking it into
account and like loving yourself
afterwards and also just do whatever you
think is right for your sexual
orientation like just be happy just be
you and there's no problem with being
bisexual gay lesbian transgender it
doesn't matter what it is what label
defines it just do whatever the fuck you
want be a pansexual that loves everyone
like me you know like I think there's
you know attractive things about so many
people like a something that I don't
think that is attractive like being like
a short and small man like I find you
know Robin Lord Taylor you know the guy
who plays penguin in fucking the Gotham
series like I think he's hot as fuck and
I would totally do him and he's gay and
he's short and he's little and he's like
kind of got a gothic ish feminine look
and I think he's fucking sexy and
gorgeous and I'd be at it also women who
are like transgender like if GG had a
dick oh my god so perfect that would be
like the perfect you know lesbian or
whatever you would call that like sex
for me that would be so amazing because
like the best thing about a man is like
a hard long throbbing penis and if she
also has like that that beautiful
delicacy of a girl it's like oh so great
and like I've been having by sexual
encounters
or lesbian encounters since I was in
Middle School it was cool to do so in
middle school and that's just always
been part of me and so I just look at it
like everyone's fucking beautiful
everyone is fucking awesome and there's
like merit to every gender and there are
beautiful people in every gender and
every orientation and it's just like why
not have fun with sex why not not be
sexually repressed and just do whatever
the fuck you want and if you have an
inkling to try something out do it if
that puts a label on you who gives a
fuck and that's pretty much all I wanted
to say and hopefully I got it out as
safely as possible because I'm not
making any cuts to this video and I just
wanted to let you guys know that no
matter what you are I support you even
if it goes against what makes sense to
me it doesn't matter i just want you
guys to be happy the main logic thought
process i have is are you doing what
makes you happy no let's do what makes
you happy just doing what makes you
happy impede anyone else's life liberty
and the pursuit of freedom and happiness
no then just fucking do it right like if
it doesn't affect anyone else in an
actual weight like if someone's like oh
you're gross now that you're gay like
that doesn't affect them if you're like
if you being gay means that you have to
like beat your wife and like rape small
animals and behead them then yeah sure
don't fucking do it but that's not the
case for anyone ever in any realistic
possibility so I hope that like these
stupid rants and my logic thought
processes like I feel like they're very
different from a lot of people and I
feel like I'm completely impervious to
people's words changing what I think
about myself and who I want to be and I
feel like I want to pass that on to
other people and maybe help some other
people like get past the emotions of it
and try to think more logically about it
so hopefully this helps you let me know
if it helps and let me know if you would
like these videos better edited because
I'm still trying to decide whether or
not that's better or not so sure thank
you guys I love you no matter your shape
size gender or sexual orientation and I
hope you guys have a wonderful night
there's like some idiots in the hallway
so yeah thank you guys heard that anyway
I love you so much bye haha
bitches pussy lick it Ella
