a wild tara has appeared but wait isn't
it an upload day off on this channel I'm
glad you asked yes it is but this is the
best kind of day off because i'm
offering you guys free shit effective
today this month every month i'm going
to be giving away a tear a sample box
what is a terror sample box you might
ask well it is a box of my own personal
flavor pics from the month before with a
personal message to you guys for me so
here's how i got this awesome deal or
i'm giving away sample boxes every month
I went to sample box headquarters I
spanked a hoe and I said I'm not gonna
endorse this company even if it means a
healthier lifestyle if you don't get
free shit to my viewers cuz i got your
back like that no actually i just
thought it would be a good idea in
sample box agreed so your homework is to
check in the description click the link
enter the competition as many times as
you can and also post in the comments
why you want to try sample box or why
you want to get a free sample box you
could be a long time vapor everyone has
themselves or a loved one who wants to
quit smoking and vaping is an amazing
healthy alternative forget what you've
heard on the internet it's all just
smear campaigns by tobacco companies the
reason i vape is it helps with my oral
fixation it's an appetite suppressant
for me a great way to relax and i can
promote a healthier lifestyle that
doesn't mean I have to keep inhaling
secondhand cigarette smoke and hugging
people who smell like ashtrays and I can
kiss more boys because less of them will
have ashtray face but again don't take
my word for it do your own research make
your own decisions have your own brain
but if you do decide to want to try a
sample box or you just need some more
liquids click the link in the
description and sign up for the free
giveaway I fucking love giving away free
shit because I fucking love you guys and
a lot of people can't afford to get
liquids all the time I got you baby
girls you guys are all girls in my head
going full lesbian
what I really need to learn to do
something cool my smoke why am I still
holding this up one more on screen tok
for the road because i think some people
find this sexy
like the video and subscribe for monthly
giveaways also if you feel like signing
up for your own sample box just go to
sample box calm and use the promo code
Tara to get a bunch of money off on your
box and supplies thanks for watching
happy vaping
