alright guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail I'm gonna be
completely honest with you guys I am not
feeling a hundred percent today I don't
know why I'm feeling this way but I made
a house tour video with my GoPro and
ever since I watched the footage I've
been feeling really fucking sick I don't
know if it's that whole first-person
equilibrium fucking thing or if it's
something I ate I'm just feeling really
nauseated but one thing I want to get
better at is when I'm feeling a general
feeling of malaise I don't want to just
be like fuck it I'm not gonna record
anything today let's leave it all for
tomorrow I want to be one of those
people that is like dying and is like
losing an arm and it's like the show
must go on so I'm gonna try to be my
normal bubbly self without throwing up
all over you guys and I feel like it
would just be an injustice if I didn't
open all of these fucking packages that
I have over here and showed my gratitude
for you guys just being amazing to me
thank you so much
anyway scary box cutter utensil and mail
which I wish you guys could see let's
move this so you can there's some of it
there's a lot you can't see it all first
item on the agenda is this wonderful
mailer and it is from Jay s oh my god
these are some amazing drawings here's
one fucking hot sexy sexier fucking
epically sexy and the letter dear Tara
sketching hands here I really enjoy your
content as I've been creating my mangas
I've been watching every video oh thank
you after I joked around about creating
a doujin Starling you and saw your
excitement I decided to go ahead and
create it thank you for subscribing to
my channel and stay tuned for more
updates also I would like to use this
durjan to continue to help you live your
dream I really believe it would be a
great product for your brand if
interested send me an email this could
be a great series one day love Jay and
his emails here which isn't for you
button his website is big blue jump calm
and you should definitely check it out
because he's clearly a fucking amazing
artist man yeah let's talk next we have
a letter from Patrick Elle who I
remember said that they wanted me to
read this in private
ooh private letters oh god I'm so bad at
not ruining the shit out of em bollocks
a nice opening someone should get me a
fucking mail opener a letter opener a
motherfucking thing Wow thank you so
much Patrick for this letter it means a
lot to me seriously and even though I
can't divulge what's in it you were
fucking amazing and I just wanted to
give you a shout out on this video thank
you see I'm feeling better already
moving on we've got this more
is this is it Captain America
bellybutton ring yeah here that cap I
can wear your shield on my belly now it
doesn't say you've got this for me but
thank you so much this is epic my last
one broke and I was like really sad
about it so now I have another one
that's even better all right we're gonna
put it on even though I'm not feeling
well and I'm probably gonna be bloated
just bear with me okay
I'll have to post pictures to Instagram
next it's a book for sure oh I shouldn't
have stood up like that oh hold on all
right I'm feeling better let's do this
Inuyasha manga yes the dynamic between
Inuyasha and Kagome and the anime series
has always turned me on I fucking love
it
and now avidin manga forum also one of
my favorite anime series this is the
more you know about Terra anyway thank
you this is awesome historical action
and romance for one of japan's most
beloved creators Kagome is a modern
Japanese high school girl she has always
been the sort who never really believed
in myths and legends little did she know
there's a dude with cat ears that won't
stuff up her kind of squishy I don't
need no box shut up
oh it's my subscribe pillow I have been
wanting this for a long time because I
just want to be like subscribe if you
like the contents like every single
video this is oh it's so soft - I legit
love plushies as you guys know and I
consider this a plushie not a pillow oh
I would subscribe to him any day
mwah thank you so much I really wish
they would put in the bag do these come
from next item and I think I know which
article of clothing it is bigger
stronger faster Mario Edition and it's
in red and it's a tank top fuck yes let
us slowly and carefully put it on so as
to not puke all over burpees always a
good thing
fucking perfect fit subscribe for Mario
titties I'm gonna stand up slowly bigger
stronger faster I actually this is my
favorite of all of the gaming related
sexy shirts I have so thank you so
fucking much awesome so comfy - next
Hadj that's French for package and I'm
gonna get some people in the comments
are like that is not French for package
I know French I grew up in France or
even worse I grew up in Montreal I had
to sell my wish list for a while this is
a alternative phone case for me with the
old-school Gameboy on it and it also
holds like your driver's license in your
credit card and it closes to protect
your screen I think I like it I'm gonna
switch off between the pink one and this
one found it okay let's take this one
off how fucking awesome is this one
though I wish this came in pink there is
my phone Oh Vincent Valentine this is
pretty sick thank you and I can take
pictures with it
next package oh it's funny on the
listing it's a ten foot and I was
imagining like literally a 10 foot kak
floor and the whole time I was thinking
if this is literally 10 feet I'm gonna
be so happy but so needing to move so I
can have a whole yard for my giant cat
tour
this is so fucking awesome though I'm
very glad he's on my side bitch you did
cack to her thank you Robert um and no
this is from you what how cute are these
I feel like a fucking poor Oh or
something who can't see it's for me
they're so fluffy it's like a snow bunny
thing it's so cute when Jay and I first
met he used to like find me earmuffs
that were fuzzy like this and had like
cute animals on them so this is look
right up my alley
you are fucking awesome next item Oh
over time got me a new mask this is so
fucking cool it's like a devil mask all
I have to put it on
I've got horns hahahaha how hot is this
mask okay oh the smell of latex right
now it's not well not a good thing yes I
fucking love that bass two thumbs up now
we're getting to the boxes this is from
EDC Oh what could it possibly be God
dude I hate tape Tara thank you for
accepting one of our Full Metal Jacket
openers this one is 1/4 stainless steel
and run $65 ship please let me know your
feedback on the design you can reach me
via Instagram at endangered EDC so go
Obon cetera how fucking cute is it so
fucking cute it's like a bullet bill I
actually just ran out of tomato soup
otherwise I
show you like a can opener or a bottle
opener easy as that
fucking awesome thank you for sending me
this I think I'm gonna put it on my
keychain it's like kind of heavy - we've
got an Amazon Prime box this is from
Daniel H dear Miss Tara you were the
first person that I have ever sent a fan
gift to I recently started to follow
your videos on YouTube I also started to
follow you on Facebook and Instagram as
well I want to say that I just enjoy
your content I just want to say that
don't let the haters get you down they
only want to ruin everyone else's fun
and what they're doing I want to share
with you that I'm a photographer and I
recently started working on expanding my
work that being said I wish I could
afford to hire you as a model but I have
a very limited budget and can't afford
to hire models of your caliber oh also
sweets thank you for all that you do
keep doing what you love and putting out
the awesome content on your channels
Daniel H I think we can work something
out forever in your area let's see what
I got so fucking cute little bubble gum
wall he's got no mustache I'm saying I'm
not usually attracted to mustaches but
makes him look a little better don't you
think
thank you so much you're fucking awesome
dude I know where these go so cute when
I think I'm feeling better then I start
to get a little excited and then I stop
feeling better
we've only got three boxes left they're
kind of huge though God you guys are so
fucking amazing this is so much stuff I
feel like I don't deserve this and I
want to do my absolute possible best to
get back to you guys that's why I only
take sponsorships that allow me to do
giveaways lots of money off on things or
just promote a healthier lifestyle
altogether
I would never lie to you guys our serum
on purpose at least this is a bigan and
it comes from Japan I like things are
going
then Oh finally Dean's right my eyeglass
holders if one of these for so long
there's two of them by the way let's
take him out oh my god he's a lot bigger
than I thought
that's what she said happily Rilakkuma
so cute Wow and it's like actually
porcelain so he wears glasses and then
you can put an extra pair of glasses in
the back I'm gonna use these for my
Gunners and set them on my table next to
my gaming setup
I'm so glad these finally came I just
can't get enough of not moving so I
don't puke but they're so cute huh
alright good golden Amazon put on books
so big like too big as if that were a
possibility to gift boxes I fucking love
Amazon Prime gift boxes I don't know so
good hi LMT hello rubber tongue he /she
who laughs most learns best legit like
cut myself not with the box cutter but
with a box can you believe it
oh yeah John Cleese's book fun fact
about Tara
he has been my favorite actor since I
was very very very little I got a lot of
my humor from him Fawlty Towers Monty
Python Life of Brian Fish Called Wanda
literally everything I fucking loved him
my dad and I watched so much Monty
Python and he was also my first
celebrity crush
obviously circa Monty Python days when
he was younger thank you I'm excited to
read this so anyway a bit like having a
long lunch with an amiable slightly
loony uncle who also happens to be John
Cleese oh it's got pictures too alright
here we go
may this prevent you from inhaling nasty
things like styrofoam in my hair you
want me to put it all the way on but it
looks something like this feel like if I
actually put it on I'm gonna pull a
Corey Taylor and throw up in my mask
which as attractive as it isn't for him
it would be less attractive for me this
should prove useful in sex or zombie
biohazard apocalypses whichever comes
first
sex we have one more box and it's
gigantic and it says Mad Catz on the
side I can't even imagine I'm gonna open
it from over here cuz really big oh my
god this is what was in the big box ah
so cute bear his eyes oh there they are
they're like really look at his eyes
look at that eye it's a little blue eyes
it's so gigantic I love him so much
thank you
I'm still here I swear this is awesome
I'm still recording all right guys like
the video and subscribe to the channel
don't forget to check out all of my
other awesome videos of course I think
they're awesome it's like thinking your
child is awesome because you made it put
work into that shit I'm not conceited
anyway I feel like a broken record but
like you guys just can we just
understand how appreciative I am of you
guys can we just understand that like
for a little bit just like take a moment
of silence and staring at boobs to just
know how much I love you guys everything
that you do comments suggestions just
watching the videos silently you don't
have to send me gifts all of that is
just extra unexpected and amazing and I
really love you guys you guys are
fucking family not extended family
family so if you excuse me I'm gonna go
like lay down or something and then try
to stream I love you thank you for
taking the time out of your busy days to
watch
