hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
sex ed with Tara Valentine's Day edition
with Adam and Eve oh that's more like it
should I keep the glasses not for this
one we won't use the glasses for today's
episode of sex ed I have a giant box of
sex swords from Adam and Eve which
happens to be my favorite sex shop of
all time it feels more like Christmas
and Valentine's Day I'm gonna show you
the items I hand-picked from Adam Nev
calm to be great Valentine's Day gifts
for your boyfriend your girlfriend your
special friend or yourself so why don't
we go ahead and unbox a fuck ton of red
sex toys but before I get started I want
you guys to all go by yourselves or your
significant other something for
Valentine's Day I know it's a little
early but you're gonna want the time to
pick the right thing and ship it's you
and with my code Tara at adamandeve.com
you can get 50% off almost any one item
plus free shipping in the United States
and if you're not in the US you can
still use the 50% code you just won't
get the free shipping so the first item
is gonna be this sexy lingerie I'm
wearing I actually know this model her
name's Natalie anyway it also comes with
this sexy red thong and yeah I had to
wear some weird pink pasties underneath
because it is kind of sheer the best way
to spice up a relationship or to just
have a little fun in bed is to buy new
lingerie my favorite types of lingerie
are baby dolls teddies and corset sets
but this is the one I chose from Adam
and Eve because I just fucking love red
for Valentine's Day and red on blonde is
so fucking hot and you can buy something
like this for yourself for your
girlfriend or for yourself to show to
your boyfriend so it's pretty much a
unisex gift the next thing I picked for
you guys is these nipple clamps they're
cute because they have this little key
to my heart design but they can still
hurts let's take them out of the box
this little spinny thing here lets you
tighten or loosen the grip and you can
put your nipple in between here if you
don't like a lot of pain or actually in
here if you like a little rougher I feel
like any guy would love to see their
girl in this like literally just walk
out naked except for this g-string and
these oh my god that'd be so hot and you
can bite on this and pull on it while
you guys are having sex which is like an
added bonus perfect Valentine's Day
design and great for girls that have a
little Buddhism in them once again a guy
can buy this for a girl or she can buy
it for herself next we've got this which
is basically like lips and a tongue and
it's called fun box lick alysha's which
you can't go wrong with on the back it
says seven intense pleasures
a hundred percent waterproof made from
body-safe silicone and batteries are
actually included the first item which
is this is called 40 licks a perfect
pulsating passion pleaser for couples
that want to spend a night together in
ecstasy and the second item which is
this one is the lick tickle yourself
silly with the licks elongated tip to
experience an orgasmic explosion that
will leave you tongue-tied and begging
for more all right I have to see this
thing I was super excited when I saw
this it looks so Valentine Z and it also
looks hot as fuck that's what it looks
like you have to take the little thing
out so the battery will work screw it
back in and to vibrate so you guys hear
that it looks like a tongue and the
silicone is really soft and it isn't
that kind of sticky silicone that's
gonna like have things latch onto it
which is kind of gross like fuzzies and
things it's a really smooth silicone and
it has a bunch of different settings it
gets even crazier oh it's even got a
pulsate
I love the pulsates this is awesome
pulsating gets faster it's got a bunch
of different settings
so this one can actually go on your
penis or a woman can use it on her
clitoris
oh this one else does a bunch of
different settings I'm gonna have some
fun with these for sure I definitely
recommend packs like this because it can
be great for couples and it can be great
solo the next item on the agenda is a
simple blindfold that has kind of a
Valentine Z color to it on the back it
says follow your partner's lead and feel
your way to pleasure with silky scarlet
satin on one side supple black vegan
leather on the other thumbs up and
scarlet piping all around let adam and
eve's deluxe blindfold enhance every
sensation and lock a world of erotic
possibilities I like blindfolds because
they're kind of like a bondage II thing
while not being stereotypically bondage
II and taking away one of your senses
actually heightens all the others so
you're smelling feeling and tasting
everything also it puts a lot of trust
in your partner because it allows your
partner to take control which if you
guys know me you know I enjoy that this
is super soft and it's not too tight on
my head either I hate it when it's too
tight on my head and it like ruins my
eyelashes and like pushes into my eyes
and it's just not comfortable but I'm
liking this I can already imagine what
crazy things are gonna go into my mouth
while I'm wearing this and the faux
leather actually really is supple it
feels like genuine leather that thinner
smells better
it's just been conditioned definitely
one of my favorite items so far peekaboo
if you haven't tried a blindfold and sex
yet you have to also I think wearing
this and this together would be pretty
hot this is the next item we have and
the most intricate looking male
masturbator I've literally ever seen it
is called the hygienic repeatable
pleasure entangling
ecstasy flip hole in red plus three
lotions mild real and wild I definitely
think this is an amazing Buy and what I
like about it is you can open it up and
clean it so it's not like most mail
masturbators where it's really hard to
clean you can see the three lotions in
the back here
be positive be smart be free to maximize
your sexual life how long have I been
saying this to you guys I love this
products philosophy already it's telling
me push whoa what the fuck just flops
out of there oh my god this thing is so
cool okay so like I don't know how to
open it let's figure out how to open it
Oh pull that out and then you open it up
this is like the coolest male
masturbator I've literally ever seen
it's hard so you don't have to hold on
to a squishy thing and you can actually
like go up and down on your penis
obviously and you can just open it up
and clean it and it's like the coolest
thing ever and it even comes with the
stand like I so wish I had a penis right
now to try this I'm probably gonna give
this to Jay for Valentine's Day you just
go ahead and close it like that when
you're ready to use it
I am literally in love with this thing
already and I don't have a penis that's
how you can tell that a pract is good
when a girl who can't even use it really
just loves it once again you can buy
this product for yourself you don't have
to only have fun if you have a partner
on Valentine's Day or if you're a girl
and you have a boyfriend you can buy
this for your boyfriend
whenever you're you know away or you
guys are mutually masturbating which is
one of my favorite activities by the way
I love watching guys masturbate and when
you're done with it you just put it back
on the stand it doesn't even look like a
sex toy so here are the three different
lotions that it comes with and these
lotions you put inside the hole and it's
for your pleasure it's basically just
like lube for the device wild mild and
real I honestly have no idea what that
means
but it gives you something to experiment
with which is just an added bonus of
this device favorite items so far I am
very pleased with choosing this I saw
this on the site and I was like this is
fucking weird looking let's get it this
next item that we have is my favorite
it's a fucking harness for having sex so
every time I have sex I leave my shirt
on but I pull it down under my
and then I have Jake grab it around my
waist and use it as like a makeshift one
of these but now I have a fucking real
one as you guys know I love a guy being
in control and this is a great gift that
girls can give to their guys to kind of
say I'm submissive to you at least in
bed I think this is Cagney Lynn Carter
if I'm not mistaken I don't know who the
guy is anyway let's open it up Wow it
even comes with a little black blindfold
what if you have sex with someone and
you're both applying folded I've never
done that yet that would be interesting
and now that I have two masks for him
mask for her alright so this is the
harness comes in a little bag and it's
made of like harnessing material and it
also has this really soft underside so
you're not gonna get hurt and you're not
gonna get shaved which is really nice I
was actually kind of worried that if it
was all this material it might shave but
it looks like we're in the go and it's
got adjustable straps I definitely like
the other blindfold better but this
one's alright too last but not least
this pipe dream extreme collection we've
got anal beads Benoit balls butt plug a
penis extender a cock ring a dildo a
vibrating dildo a shaft ring and a
vibrating bullet this is the
motherfucking perfect sex toy starter
kit for both genders and it's in
Valentine's Day Reds take pleasure to
the extreme with this incredible
collection of wall banging bestsellers
everything you need for an evening of
excitement is included and there's a
picture of it all in the back everything
you need to have extreme sex I feel like
this is the best gift for someone who
hasn't used sex toys yet especially in a
relationship and you kind of want to
just experiment with your partner and
ease into it it's great for solo play
play with a partner and a fucking orange
you look how many of these there are so
great let's open it my lips fell out
here is the lips cock ring you just put
this around your cock and it keeps your
cock extra hard since you put around the
shaft of your cock and it adds like
extra riblets and stuff for her pleasure
doubles is one of these things I can't
remember the name of them Japanese
Siamese Chinese Chinese finger trap this
is actually a finger trap so this you
put on your penis and it makes your
penis a little bit longer or you can put
it on your vibrator why not to make it
feel more real I always prefer jelly
dildos too hard dildos I don't know I
just feels more like a real man this is
definitely a solid start
dildo I would say this is probably my
favorite out of the bunch because I just
fucking love squishy but hard dildos it
was the best and this is definitely a
starter size butt plug because I have
had bigger butt plugs in my ass and I
don't even love anal you can actually
wear this during intercourse if you're a
guy or a girl
nobody afraid to use it if you're a guy
you do have a prostate it does feel good
to stimulate it here are the Benoit
balls this is actually a solid string of
anal beads
in my experience anal beads feel a lot
better than plugs or like actually
putting a dildo in there I feel like
it's not about stretching it to its
limit it's about just stimulating and
this with vaginal intercourse feels so
good
and we got the bullet for anal vagina or
just to rub on your clitoris this is
like one of the first sex toys I ever
used well not this one obviously but a
different one my girlfriend and I were
experimenting with sex toys that her
parents had laying around which is
fucking gross all right guys I hope you
enjoyed this video and I would really
appreciate it if you support the sex ed
series by purchasing something off of
Adam and Eve comm for Valentine's Day
let me know what you bought or let me
know what you'd want to buy every time
use the promo code Tara on Adam need
calm not only do you get 50% off almost
any one item and free shipping in the US
but you're also supporting sex ed with
Tara and supporting me unboxing more sex
toys maybe I should start a sex toys
review series
I wonder if Adam and Eve will be down
with that like the video subscribe to
the channel have fun with your sexuality
this valentine's day even if you're
alone and share the promo code let's
give adam and eve a reason to keep
making it christmas at my house with sex
toys thank you so much in advance you
guys are fucking amazing see you in two
weeks for a new sex ed with tara and if
you have a topic you want me to cover
post in the comments keep fucking in
lingerie with toys from Adam and Eve
