hey guys today I'm going to tell you
about my scary hacker experience and the
reason I'm telling more stories lately
is because I'm trying to get better at
storytelling I feel like I watched
someone like Gigi gorgeous or some other
like big youtuber that goes on story
mode talking a lot and they're like so
much better than me and I understand why
because I feel like I come for lack of a
better way to explain it I feel like I'm
more intelligent more articulated but I
just can't tell a good story to save my
fucking life and it drives me crazy so I
want to get better at it also post in
the comments what kind of content you
want me to make like if you want me to
do like testings of candies from
different countries or different types
of boxing's please let me know because
I'm trying to tailor this channel to you
guys as well as things that I actually
like to make and of course i'll veto
something if I'm not interested in it
anyway let's get to the fucking topic
and actually talk about the story so I
was I think 18 or 19 and I was I think
during the year of me being a teen I was
living at my parents house still and I
was full-time modeling and my first year
of modeling I made like 60k so it was
like a really likes right out of the bat
successful modeling career but I didn't
invest in a like an actual pc like an
actual tower for a while until i
actually like right before i wanted to
start streaming i was using a laptop to
game i was using a laptop to edit i was
using a laptop to you know do photoshop
and stuff like that and i was on my
laptop literally all day like what i
would do is i would either play my ps3
or whatever or I would be playing World
of Warcraft or I think Diablo and I
don't think I started playing starcraft
yet but I was playing you know like pc
games and console games and the rest of
the day I either had a shoot or I was
editing pictures or looking at pictures
are doing my social media thing and even
before I was into the whole modeling
thing like when I was 16 I told everyone
on myspace I was 18 and I was like
posting these like provocative like not
naked or anything but they were like
sexy ish pictures and back then it was
all the rage to like really over
photoshop your pictures to the point
where it was just like smooth over in a
ridiculous fashion and everything was
just like terrible and interesting
enough I actually thought about this
topic actually thought about this story
because I found a lot of those pictures
that I thought were gone because the
hard drive of my lap
died and I was sure that I would never
see those pictures again but there was
some kind of cached version of my
myspace up on the internet yesterday
when I was googling myself I was like I
wonder if I'm getting more modeling
pictures and more gaming stuff now so I
googled myself and I was looking at
pictures and I saw this really old
pictures of myself before boobs and you
guys always ask me do you guys have any
pictures before boobs and I'm like oh I
don't I actually lost most of them on my
old computer hard drive and lo and
behold there they were so that's really
cool i have like 30 of them that i
downloaded and they're on patreon if you
want to see them but i also i'm thinking
about doing i don't know if you guys
would be interested in this but i'm
thinking about doing like a reactions to
old photos type video or reactions to
old videos because a lot of people do
that and i think it would be interesting
because i watched one of my old videos
recently and i talked like this and it
was so awkward and I was so insecure
about the way I sounded and now I just
like don't give a fuck and I like love
everything about it and I'm more
comfortable in front of a camera and
everything is just like very Tara like
there's no holds barred mout and I feel
like before they're kind of was a little
bit like there were a few things that I
didn't want to have like a deep voice
which I feel like I kind of have but
anyway I'm back on topic I don't really
download things I don't really I don't
even have like a torrent website that i
use i don't download things like at all
I don't pirate things I'm I pay for
spotify premium and I most of the songs
that I like her on there but before that
I used to I think I don't know I don't
even think I download anything back then
I didn't download porn it in download
movies I would just like find that stuff
on the internet for free like on the the
places where you upload them or i would
like borrow it from a friend so i don't
really understand how the keylogger got
on my computer but apparently i got a
keylogger on my computer so at some
point I started noticing that the light
that says my webcam is on would go on
and off like randomly at like the most
random times i'm like in a wow game or
something and I'm just like laying I
used to like lay on my bed have my
laptop on my stomach and I would have
like pillows behind me and like right
here and I would just be fucking will
the Warcraft all day I'd have like a
stack of books with like my mouse on it
and like it was
look like oh it looked like I was like
the most fat ass motherfucker in the
world because it was so comfortable and
my ship would randomly come on and then
I was just thinking oh there must be
something in the background that's
turning it on like randomly on even when
i'm streaming now my my webcam will be
like oh it's in use and it turns out
that like one of the steam games I'm
playing for some reason accesses my
webcam so I was just thinking it was
something like that and it wasn't a big
deal and I just like let it go for
months and then a few months down the
line I got a message from someone
anonymously who is like you're on this
website and I go to this website and
there's like a bunch of my modeling
pictures right that he took off the
internet and it's just like a listing to
buy all of the passwords for all of my
things and I'm just like what the fuck
this is all of my social networks
everything I hold dear like a lot of
really important information of mine on
the internet and he goes I bought it for
you so you can now change your passwords
and I like immediately going on which is
changing on my passwords like freaking
out like oh my god this is my life right
now this is like part of who I am and
everything that's so important to me it
had like my my wild login which didn't
really matter because I was fucking you
know I have the the little keychain
thing that little authenticator thank
well I did but I don't now so don't hack
my blizzard account guys and um it was
my myspace I think there was Facebook
back then I'm not quite sure like just
starting just like a bunch of different
things my model mayhem everything and it
was just like so stressful to me because
that is part of the way that I built
myself up as a model it was like a lot
of things that I really cared about it I
was really worried about it so oh like a
bug bite or something Oh what the fuck
you just see this all of a sudden I feel
like I have a sweater might or something
anyway whatever um and so I immediately
changed my passwords and I like thanked
the guy and then he's like do you want
to pay me for this i did a really huge
service for you by you know paying for
this thing and i was like you could
totally be the guy who key logged me i'm
not gonna give you like a dime of my
money like fuck off thanks for the
whatever you did for me but yeah this
seems really much like a scam and I'm
just not interested in at all and since
then I've been very very very scared of
unloading anything because I think any
executable file so dot exe can
potentially be storing some kind of
virus or keylogger in it and since then
I've had like a few run-ins with like
weird viruses that I don't know how the
fuck i got them because i don't really
download anything but i just like ran
one of those like sweeper things and it
was fine everything went back to normal
or I would have I would download like
random free like a different type of
like audio editing files when I was
trying to figure out how I was going to
do the podcasting and stuff like that a
while back and how I could edit my my
sound too for this like mike that i have
i was trying to figure out how I could
best edit my sound and a few of those
things came with some like weird shit
that I just didn't click off remember
anytime you're downloading something to
actually go through and do a custom
setup because if you don't do a custom
setup you're going to get a bunch of
stupid toolbars on your shit and you
could potentially end up installing a
bunch of other things you don't need and
it's also important to go through in
your control panel go through the things
you have installed and just uninstall
things that you have no idea where
they're there or old games they haven't
played forever that's important but it
was very scary to me that that situation
happened because i feel like if anyone
else had bought my my stuff it would be
really scary also there were a bunch of
web cam pictures of me now like i don't
get naked in front of my computer i just
like when I'm not using my my laptop
it's like closed or whatever so they
didn't have like a lot of sexy pictures
of me and I've never done anything like
webcam shows but they did have like a
few pictures of just my face like
sitting there while I'm obviously
looking at the screen doing something
and that was also creepy as well because
the fact that my webcam was turning on
wasn't just nothing it was the fact that
somehow gain someone gained access to my
webcam and this is like a real thing
that people do and it's really fucking
creepy and I think it out classes the
creepiness of the people who indeed
asked me before I got a cloud server for
my skype it like that's like way
creepier way more invasive and way worse
and yeah you guys have any virus stories
and you viruses you've gotten from
downloading like poor and our certain
programs is there anything that you can
tell me about that has happened to you
that's kind of similar is very scary to
me and I'm very glad that that hasn't
happened since and I'm pretty protective
of all of my information now so
should be good don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel and let
me know how I can improve upon my
storytelling if you guys want me to make
cuts in these videos i will i'm going to
post a video tomorrow it's going to be
another sex story that's completely
edited like cut up and stuff and it
doesn't take out anything the good parts
like I actually like start coughing in
the middle and it's kind of funny how I
like almost choked to death and I left
that in but I'm cutting out all of the
in-between stuff to just make it more
comedic and more like quick and it's not
going to be like a 10 to 20 minute video
you know and like this is kind of a
short story so it's not longer than 10
minutes but still 10 minutes and if I
edited it could have been like five
minutes you know so let me know what you
think like the video subscribe to the
channel and make sure to smile I love
you guys thank you so much for watching
and again I want to hear your stories by
awkward wink from Terra what
