hey guys welcome to my monday shit I'm
purposefully having terrible lighting so
you guys can see how big my chicks are
it's so amazing right Kiki also my hair
is pretty cool also I have a Barbie girl
in a Barbie world I did this is some of
the things that I wore for my fan
service friday sex dick fuck bridge
vagina edition my foot fetish edition
that's what the words I was looking for
the words I were looking for anyway I
have a bunch of things to talk about
this week alright I'm already sick of
the bad lighting let's go down oh I know
I feel like a Marge or something with
hair sticking almost straight up let's
make it pretty let's make it pretty
let's do it let's fucking do it oh my
god oh this is what people would do to
me for shoots it would be like let's
make your hair look better in like I
don't give a shit I'm looking sexy
already how fucking at my arm on the
thing okay so updates on my teeth I
updated you guys on Instagram so this is
going to be just like a little bit
longer fucking summarization of what
happened I went in and they had my my
permanent crowns created and they looked
like crap they were even worse these are
these are my temporaries again they
looked worse than my temporaries even
though this temporary is a little bit
longer and you can't tell in this light
but these two are like three shades
darker than my actual teeth can I actual
teeth are like the lightest bleach color
and these are like the lightest natural
color which is like four colors under
that but anyway um so the Crown's were
noticeably a different color and my
dentist agreed and they were one of them
was a lot longer than the other and they
just were not at all like I want them to
be symmetrical so like the way I gauge
whether or not I'm just being a crazy
ass crazy fuck perfect for that
perfectionist is I look online i go i
type in veneers are typing crowns and i
get things that are like symmetrical and
pretty and perfect and things that I
would be okay with if it was in my mouth
and I'm like okay I'm not crazy because
when I look up things like a breast
augmentation or lip augmentation or
something half the pictures that I get
I'm like oh I would not be okay with
that i would need like a lot more or a
lot less or a lot better a lot more
perfect and then i can finally be like
okay maybe they're right maybe i'm being
a huge perfectionist
but in this case I wasn't and I really
feel like if I'm paying this much money
if I'm paying three thousand dollars to
get my fucking teeth done in a certain
way that I want them fucking done in a
certain way and it's funny because I
wanted something better than my original
teeth shape my original like t-shape
here but I ended up just wanting those
back because of how bad the new shape
was and like I had to get it done
because i had the root canal in the
tooth and the tooth is very brittle and
it was also just discoloring it looked
really retarded and I had to be like oh
no I don't drink coffee or smoke or just
like sip through a straw into that one
tooth some kind of terrible concoction
that makes everything a terrible color
um I just really want perfect teeth and
I've gone through so much orthodontic
and dentistry surgery crap shit that I'm
sick of it and I just want to have the
perfect e that I'm supposed to have
after all of that shit I mean I've
gotten like so many teeth pulled when I
was younger and so many fucking fillings
because I had cavities and like I've had
teeth problems forever I've had the root
canal I've had the chipped teeth I've
had fucking I had to get like like some
skin put on my my bottom here and then I
couldn't eat right for like two weeks it
was the most painful thing ever other
than root canal and like it was like an
actual surgery and then when they took
it off i had more gums there because my
gums were receding there were like so
many problems I had when I was younger
dentist wise and now I feel like I just
deserve to get what I fucking pay for
and be happy with it you know so the
next thing I want to talk about is I'm
really frustrated ok so I don't leave my
house much I don't even go get groceries
usually I just have it fucking delivered
so safeway grocery delivery which is
like the best thing ever it makes me so
happy because I don't have to go out and
get groceries but that service is
amazing even though they often don't
have things in stock and it's like
whatever I'll just go to fucking target
or whatever to get the rest of the shit
but like I have recently been using this
company that delivers food from
non-delivery fast food places or like
not even fast food like red robin or
places where you would sit down and eat
like they deliver McDonald's and I have
two stories relating to mcdonalds so
every time almost that i order food from
this place they cannot get into my play
and I have like a detailed like list of
how to get into my fucking apartment and
my apartment is like it is slightly
confusing but I have like the perfect
like if you if you follow it word for
word you will not get lost you will just
make it and everything will be great and
these fucking people are like literally
the stupidest goddamn people I've ever
met in service in the world and you know
how much I hate service people and like
how incompetent I feel like there are
their jobs and I want like what I don't
know what these people should do for
their jobs like maybe they should just
be euthanized or something but and we
should have like a higher level of
people like the people who are like
receptionist's at like wealthy places
like plastic surgeons and stuff should
probably go down and work it like
Safeway and be like those receptionist's
because they're at least halfway
competent and will be confident enough
do their jobs but um yeah that's just
like a very evil rant that a lot of guys
would that she's such a bitch but
whatever dude I'm fucking frustrated at
it anyway and um so these people are
just so fucking stupid and almost every
time they get my order wrong like I
really love McDonald's breakfast foods
and I get the egg mcmuffin without any
Canadian bacon because literally
Canadian bacon is disgusting to me and
I'm a vegetarian and I get the hash
browns or whatever so um that's what I
get and they either forget a hashbrown
forget to you know bring a drink or
don't take the Canadian bacon off and
one guy was like can you just pick it
off and it's like oh my god dude like
you're no I can't just fuck it I like I
will but it's like a huge inconvenience
to me and I don't want to have to eat
the meat but I don't want to throw it
away because I'm one of those people
that doesn't want to fucking throw away
meet and if an animal had to die for the
shit I don't want to just fucking throw
it away like I'm not you know grateful
for that so I fucking eat it unhappily
like close fucking gross well it's all
vain Ian's got like sinewy parts and
that's the worst and that's how I
fucking feel about it and I fucking hate
it okay I need even better lighting now
it's I need progressively better
lighting see I'm just like oh just
lighting up anyway so it's really
frustrating to me and I'm also paying
more because they're forgetting a lot of
things and it's the most annoying shit
in the entire universe and I hated the
most forever ever and ever now I'm like
relaxing my arm on the sofa that I
usually sit and record on and feel
nice so anyway um the next thing I
wanted to talk about with this
McDonald's thing is I've been having
mcdonalds like every third day in the
morning for breakfast and when I don't
have it I noticed that I started getting
headaches and I feel like McDonald's
actually does have something addictive
in it or maybe it's just so bad for you
that you end up like you end up like
needing it it's kind of like it has
something in it that mimics addiction
and I don't know what the fuck is going
on but like I get headaches when I don't
have it now and I'm like okay well I'm
just gonna stop having this as much at
all and weaned myself off because that's
fucking gay that when I eat healthier
and don't have to work out as much I'm
gonna feel worse and that just doesn't
make any sense to me on the topic of
working out I've been working out a lot
lately and I've been seeing improvements
and I just feel so great when I work out
like it feels good to just relax on the
couch and have a lazy day and like order
pizza or something or order fast food
but like it feels so much better like I
feel just like less bloated and less
full of air and less anything when I
like work out and eat right and eat less
but then I also have like the the
stomach and the headache pains that I
have when I don't eat as much it feels
like I'm not really that hungry so i
starved myself and then I have something
to eat and I get hungry because of that
because it's like an appetizer type of
thing and it doesn't actually fill me up
because I'm used to a higher amount of
calories so like that's been my struggle
with fitness is just trying to not
indulge because i want to feel better
type of thing and right now my my guilty
pleasure is either mcdonalds breakfast
or or just a diet diet 7-up I love diet
7up and like Susan my stomach could feel
so good and so tasty and like I have
that like I get like three every two
weeks or something and I have them like
whenever I have a like bigger meal or
something but usually right now I'm just
eating the the morning star vegetarian
like chicken nuggets thing is that like
have low fat high protein who what the
fuck I thought my my my microphone was
gonna follow me here's my microphone I'm
and take it off take it off hello guys
it's not like I'm using it or anything
but I could
like oh do do do little in the middle
about anyway that's been my last week so
I was gonna update you on what's gonna
happen with my teeth so wednesday this
is the fucking worse so I can't believe
this is how they do this but it's how
they do this so wednesday i have to go
in this wednesday so from when you watch
this video in two days i have to go in
to the dentist have them take off my
temporaries which is just like they're
not very strong it's very scary like
anytime I'm eating anything I can even
eat like a sub sandwich because that's
the bride is a little bit too hard I
feel like they'll come up so he Wiggles
them off then he puts on the the
permanent ones with Vaseline which
doesn't make them stick at all it's just
kind of like a sticky thing that'll make
them stay in there barely I Drive down
to the lab which is in bellevue which is
kind of far away well mouse not far away
so i live pretty close to bellevue so
it's like 15 minutes or something and I
get there and then they're gonna look at
it and I know that they're gonna have to
redo them but they want to look at it
and tell me whether or not they have to
redo them so they'll either like run it
through the grinder thing and make it
wider I shave it down a little bit which
they can't do because one is clearly
bigger than the other so that one needs
to be a little bit smaller and the other
one you know obviously needs to be a
little bigger to make them even um and
then I'm gonna have to go back to my
dentist same day and have them put the
fucking temporaries or ideally the final
touches on but they're not going to
because after we do them and then after
that I have to wait another two weeks
for them to make new crowns and then
hope those ones are good and it's like
the most clusterfuck of bullshit like I
J like even thinks it's ridiculous like
sometimes I'm just being a fucking drama
queen and a diva and I want everything
to be perfect i'm being a perfectionist
but like jay even thinks that this is
ridiculous that i have to walk around
with weird fucking teeth and get in the
car and go somewhere and then hope my
dentist will still put them on
afterwards and my dentist will make an
actual appointment he's just like come
in we'll make it work and they're not
coordinated at all and it's just been
like the worst fucking shit ever so
after that on next Monday so not this
not today but next monday i'm going to
be going in to get lip injections and to
get a we're not going to be doing any
real surgery for a while but i want to
know the pricing of the next surgeries
that i'm going to get and i basically
just want something to hold me off
something that's like
a an improvement so I'm going in to get
some lip injections just just for
whatever you know to treat myself a
little bit i haven't treated myself with
anything for a while i've wanted to get
like a massage because my neck has been
killing me and giving me headaches and
all that stuff so i decided i would just
do this and i asked him if I could
record the whole process because I
thought you guys would like that kind of
like procedure diary where I'm out of
the house and you guys get to see
exactly what happens when I get my lips
tons just in case you guys might want to
do it or in case you've just been
wondering or you're ignorant about the
process and one know you know like a lot
of people are like oh it looks so bad or
it has to look so unnatural or blah blah
blah and I want to show you guys how it
might look silly like right after but
then a few hours or a few days after it
looks really nice and I want to you know
share my whole life with you guys
basically so um I can't do it for
branding reasons which i think is really
stupid it's the first complaint i've had
about my plastic surgeon because he's so
great but i think it's really dumb that
he's not helping me make content here so
I'm basically just gonna be like hey
guys I'm getting my lips done today look
at how they look now and then go in and
show you as soon as I come out and then
talk about the process I guess and
hopefully that'll be interesting to you
guys and may be helpful to some girls
who are looking into doing it and as
always I'm more open about that kind of
stuff so I'll let you guys see it when
it's really puffy and silly when Jay
always makes fun of me and says like ah
that looks retarded um and yeah so look
forward to that kind of video in a
couple weeks I love you guys this has
been kind of long so I just want to let
you know it was going on and what was
frustrating me this week I'm making
progress with my working out and I've
been like loving running on my treadmill
one of the best investments I've ever
made because it does motivate me it does
make me do it every day and its really
great to just do it in the comfort of my
own home and to have that for whenever I
just want to do cardio it's great so
yeah I love you guys also I've been oh
my god yesterday I did indie games on
the stream and it's not actually
yesterday it's a long time ago but um
because you know I did this on sunday
saturday and i'm uploading it on monday
so not a long time ago but whatever um I
i got like hooked on Masek asia which is
an indie game where you're like a
fucking serial killer and the making and
you're dealing with your inner demons
and the rest of your family being
psychotic and i play that shit for two
hours when I was only supposed to play
like a half hour and try it out and I
just kept fucking playing and Ike oh my
god and then punch club best fucking
shit ever if you guys have not tried
punch club it you have to I recommend
anything from tiny build that developer
is so fucking great for indie games like
oh my god what punch club is my favorite
by far so far I just want to play it and
get addicted to it more and more and I
want j to play it because it has a lot
to do with bodybuilding and
weightlifting and he's really into that
stuff so I think it would be really cute
for him and he often doesn't like the
indie games that i show him or thinks
that they're stupid or a waste of time
and i feel like this won't be different
hopefully and then uh kill the plumber
was the other one i played and it's like
a mario knock off that's like in the way
of like casual game or like it has
worlds and levels and stuff kind of like
that kind of thing like like a fucking
flappy bird or anything else you'll play
like that where it has like three stars
and you go on to the next one or
whatever I don't know what exactly would
call that other than just a casual game
but I played that one and it's a Kemari
Oh knock off where you are the the
villain you are one of the like baddies
like a coupe Goomba or like a fucking
whatever the fuck and you have to kill
Mario and it's like really cool there
are a lot of different things like the
the swamp block like him in it that like
knockoffs of him and a bunch of other
characters from Mario so it's really
cool and it's really great and it says
any resemblance in the beginning it says
any resemblance to a plumber is like
accidental and it's like really funny
and really satirical and I like it a lot
so you guys should check those three
games out still playing syndicates still
enjoying the fuck out of it loving the
fucking dreadful crimes and v's pretty
cool and Jacob is he needs to like chill
the fuck out because he's an ass I don't
know but I like him I think he's one of
the more attractive assassins so anyway
yeah thanks for watching guys see you in
a week for daily vlog maybe i'll do my
monday vlog on monday with my lips all
retarded just let you guys see what it
looks like and listen to me talk I don't
know maybe not who cares bye guys there
I'd take a picture for the thumbnail
whoa
