hey guys I think it's time for another
sex story I think this is also a good
time to try out my new cut-up vlogs
where they're not just one take I really
feel like there's more potential and
videos that are cut up they give me
funnier and they're quicker they're not
like 20 minutes so I don't know post in
the comments if you like this style if
you think it's funny or better or
whatever or if you want me to go back to
the one take vlog style and why you have
to tell me why okay so today we're gonna
talk about the drummer this is a guy
that I was off again on again for a long
time with when I was a teenager and how
I first met this guy was I told you guys
about the guy Andrew who used to be my
best friend and then he died rest in
peace Andrew well anyway he was the
cousin of this guy and Andrew was like
my best friend of all time and he was
like I need to find you a boyfriend and
I was like alright I like boys why not
so the first guy who tried to set me up
with was his cousin name is Brennan
Brennan and I talked a couple times and
then we decided to date which is like
the high school version of actual dating
which can last anywhere from 10 minutes
to a really long time but in this case
we just talked a little bit on the phone
and then like a week later he dumped me
like I don't know we're like this isn't
working we should just be friends type
of thing
and I'm like okay I wasn't really
invested in this anyway this is just
something that Andrew wanted so time
progresses and we don't really talk and
we don't see each other and we don't
interact because we don't really have
the same friends but one of my friends
said that he's having a party at his
house now this guy is like extremely
rich his parents own like a limo company
and he has this like really cute house
it was like being renovated and I had
like a loft upstairs and then like
another upstairs that was in like the
back of the house and we were got there
for parties and he was in this band that
was actually pretty good for how old he
was and he was one year older than me by
the way which when we started dating I
think we went to different schools and
then I started going to his high school
I'm not sure about that but we never had
any interaction at school this was all
outside school type of thing so I go to
the party and he starts talking to me
again and like flash bang before you
know it I'm upstairs making out with him
and it's like this passionate oh my god
we need each other type making out and
then something always interrupted us
every time this happened like the first
time it had to be his dad coming up and
talking to him and saying don't bring
girls upstairs type of thing another
time his band was ready to play so we
had to go on set and it was like oh why
can't we just complete this and it was
very annoying and then after the day of
the party we just didn't see each other
or talk to each other again for months
and this type of thing literally goes on
every single party had one of the times
I went to his party and
he had a girlfriend and they broke up
like at the party and then like ten
minutes later I'm on his lap we're
upstairs we're making out and I liked
him because he has like this long
flowing blonde hair he was in a band he
was a pretty good drummer and he looked
pretty sexy when he was playing he had a
nice job structure and he was like 6 3
which is always good
his mom always hated it when I came to
the parties because I was like dressed
like super slutty for me party isn't
really good for anything other than just
getting to dress as sexy as possible so
I would always dress up super sexy like
way too sexy for my age and his mom
hated that but his dad was creepily nice
to me so the same thing happened over
and over and over again and I was
basically just like we should actually
try to make this work right because
we're clearly very very very attracted
to each other but then every time he
invited me over to his house when no one
was home I was just kind of like I'm not
feeling this it's so weird out any time
we interacted an actual party it was
like we couldn't get enough each other
and I just wanted to jump his loins and
then it just didn't happen
but any time over alone I was like oh
that's probably me just break up in the
first place be a phone because we were
always alone anyway so one time I
actually did agree to go over to his
house alone and he said his parents were
gonna come home way later but apparently
they were like on their way and he and I
were making out on the couch and I
didn't really feel it and then I felt it
and it was small and I was like feeling
it like the whole time I was feeling it
I was thinking like do I want to do this
I be so fucking attracted to this guy
and he was like really pushing for me to
give him a blowjob or have sex or
something and I'm just sitting there
thinking like I really don't want to do
this I'm like I'm like completely dry
down there this is not gonna happen and
that's what I was thinking the entire
time and I was like trying to get myself
into it I'm like a hot - penis yes it's
a penis oh and like it just wasn't my
thing so thankfully his parents were
coming home and I was like I'm gonna
leave and I just left and the whole time
I'm thinking like hey how disappointing
that was I really wanted to you know be
really into this guy that I was really
just like viscerally into every time I
went to his house for a party so we
stopped talking I almost died
oh so we stopped talking again for a
couple months and then one of my friends
wanted to go to his party so we went and
lo and behold we're back upstairs making
out again and I'm like yes I want this
so bad even with the knowledge that he
has a small penis I wanted to have sex
with him I wanted things to work out and
again they didn't I don't know if there
are more times like that after that but
that's pretty much how we just kept
going on and then
after Andrews funeral it happened again
because he made a song about Andrew and
I was like so like wow that's so
heartfelt and wonderful also it's a
party and let's have sex
type of thing and we ended up never
having sex he ended up having a bunch of
other girlfriends I ended up having a
bunch of other boyfriends and we never
ended up going farther than just making
out which is like insane I've never had
such a phenomenon where I'm like not
attracted to the person's personality
that much but I just like really want to
do him at certain times in certain
circumstances it's like so weird
anyway recently I got the inkling to
check him out on Facebook and he kind of
like let himself go but it seems like
he's still a drummer which is cool I
messaged him and it took him like three
or four days to message back and I just
never messaged him back I don't know and
that's like my whole story about Brendon
the drummer I feel like it's kind of
funny using their real names for people
that like aren't famous or don't have
Fame and I don't feel like I'm like
putting them on blast but I do feel like
there will be a certain amount of people
who do know who I'm talking about and I
think that's kind of funny and also
interesting so whatever so your homework
is to post in the comments if you liked
this more edited version of the vlog and
also those who've ever been in a
situation like this where you're only
attracted to a person physically and
it's some certain points and then other
times it's like no not at all and you
guys are totally wrong for each other
but you totally end up just like hooking
up or spending a lot of time making out
or whatever also don't forget to like
the video subscribe to the channel make
sure you smile every day always all the
time and laughs laughing is like
literally the best medicine
second only to sex and let me know if
you like my sex stories in general I
mean they'll start getting more and more
raunchy as I start getting older in
these videos but I do want to go over
all the awkward sex things that I had
happen when I was in high school because
there was a lot of it I was like the
most sluttiest in my adulthood but I did
crazy things more often in my
adolescence so it's kind of interesting
to talk about that kind of thing and I
know a lot of my viewers a little bit
younger so they can kind of see that
they're not alone in the awkwardness of
you know having sex for the first time
or exploring their bodies while they're
young type of thing and having a lot of
awkward relationships in the process
thanks for watching guys love you well
too much
yeah
