hey guys welcome to a new episode of
fanservice Friday the show that has
nothing to offer other than gratuitous
fanservice with the message that there's
nothing shameful about your sexuality
you should enjoy it and you should have
fun with it
also taking yourself too seriously is
way overrated so just don't do it this
week I'm finally gonna be doing foot
fetish how awesome is this
anyway I clearly don't have the space or
the setup for this kind of thing so I
really hope that the footage that I took
does come out well I'm sorry if this
footage is god-awful I did my best once
I move into a bigger house and have like
more room I can have different studio
areas different setups and it'll be all
great and I can do all different kinds
of fanservice Friday right now I'm kind
of limited anyway if you're one of those
naysayers of foot fetishes please check
in the description and check out my foot
fetish facts which is a part of my sex
ed series everyone has a fetish and you
should not be ashamed of yours and if
this fanservice isn't for you I
apologize but I'm just doing what I
think is fun and trying to give back a
little bit to my fans and a lot of my
fans just like feet I've always thought
my feet were kind of cute I think a lot
of other girls have really manly long
feet and I have really small petite cute
feet but I will warn you I've decided to
start doing my toes on my own so they're
a little messy now further ado enjoy my
feet
totally not weird right alright guys
thanks for watching this video don't
forget to Like subscribe and check out
more of my fanservice Fridays as well as
all the other things I have going on on
my channel you can go to the channel
page and check out the different
playlists and stuff like that it's
really cool it's really organized also
check out my gaming channel at
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games I
do fun sexy things too like huniepop try
out different Indies have Let's Plays
upload highlights for my streams oh and
I do have a live stream twitch.tv slash
Tara Babcock and Twitter and Instagram
and all of those things which you can
find in the description thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed mmm
why is it salty
