hello you sexy cunts wait where the fuck
is my phone
hold on as I was saying hello you sexy
salty cunts because who doesn't love it
when I cunt is a little salty welcome to
this week's episode of tera farts
comments or reads comments feel like my
fart would have more articulate opinions
than some of these so let's go ahead and
get started
starting off with a positive comment
this time we've got I never really got
into indie games going to though I find
motherfucker I just break your nose I'm
so sorry
have the Ju fuck you I feel kind of back
so I feel like he's actually trying to
ask a question here about the
relationship of Jay and I but looks more
like command so hey Jay this guy wants
you to fuck me
cool thanks bro you're a good wingman
next will you record video with this
GoPro cam and while watching this your
homework is supposed to in the comments
what I should do with my new GoPro you
think are you into any sciences
psychology is not a real science oh no
you didn't I guess Darwin's evolutionary
theory doesn't have anything to do with
science either because natural selection
has clearly failed example a you made it
through oh I'm just kidding I don't care
this guy says Wow no armpit hair really
and then he adds plus no hair follicles
okay so I know iPhone cameras are
getting pretty good but there's no
possible way that you can tell whether
or not I have hair follicles the fuck
also what women have armpit hair it's
2015 scratch that's 216 which proves my
point even more so this Sally person
says what the fuck is with your huge ass
eyes and then she said sorry just
stating my opinion quotes I don't care
if you're offended if you get my point
end quote Oh rot in hell bitch clearly I
should be so hurt at this person's
comments clearly let's see what video
it's on oh that is bad so Sally is
clearly a fatty Allen Allen the killer
says dumb as bitch you probably don't
know what's pronounced your feet you
dumb bitch and that's our little bit of
irony for the day anyway and this
weirdos
I'm sorry but you kill the female gender
take money for sex never done that I
think you realized that no have a brain
so playing be does plain being it's my
destination faster than playing a mmm
show your boobs and your ass really is
better to work on the street solid
reasoning and you like the idea of fat
nerds masturbate watching you I'm fine
with the idea man says I have no problem
I like it better one here that the non
fat nerds are masturbating to me the
buff nerds the tall nerds the girly
nerds underpinning my female fans ever
masturbated to me oh my god that'd be
hot that's so sad
very very sad anyway one day you will
show this video to your son and tell him
look at your mammy for the Nazi grammar
I'm not English I'm not English either
but I do have a grasp on the language
I'm trying to insult someone in du bist
ein arsenal see Tara I have to invited
you to come here to Spain on summer
summer Braille also if I want if I can
go to Spain I'm gonna go to Spain I
don't need your invitation here's a
lovely example of one of those annoying
people that post first who actually have
a contribution to make as well as being
annoying shower camp first see Lisa's
making a suggestion based on the video
Shaun black says you should do a B oo
became vlog with your GOP ro bitch on
old bras came along with my gay old
penis Rekluse onion gay old penis for
clues onion there you go I got that shit
down woo Ron Marcus says hey you better
your way to girl than skeleton skinny
and no offense to the super skinny girls
and girl fuck what people think you
cannot please anyone ever trust me I'm
gonna go out on a limb here and say that
I've pleased a few people and that right
just feel good about you and me right
and exercise haha advice for the masses
thank you Ron Marcus the more you know I
definitely let you peg me you're too
beautiful to say no to is there anyone
else in the comments that shares this
sentiment is this like a thing that I
can actually abuse I've never really
been interested in abusing my looks for
like
money or something but if I can abuse my
looks to PEG guys I think I just hit the
jackpot right there Thank You Cory for
your service
Alfred menella says three kinds of tits
real fake and Tara's I don't know why
that fills me with such warm fuzzies
Thank You Alfred and I know that he
means it well but it could totally be
bad right it could be like fake boobs
real boobs and then the saggy floppy
pendulums of Tara's chest John Gilbert
says one time I got raped by three
ghosts and I did not shit right for two
months well there you have it ghosts may
be able to travel through walls but not
your rectal wall you won't feel that
shit apparently I have no idea
personally crazy biscuit says +14
gaining attention by pushing titties
into the webcam if you got no brain it's
how you do it or I have a brain and I
have boobs
and I want to show you guys both because
they're both awesome let me a retort if
you got no brain you leave these kind of
comments on people's channels Peter
thinks I am a TZ tramp lesbo I don't
know he's getting lesbo but I love the
word tramp I haven't heard it for like a
long time I think it would be kind of
funny if a woman pretended to be
heterosexual like in some way that would
actually like affect someone so like get
on like hot or not or something or like
plenty of fish set up a date have the
guy come to your house and then be like
Jake a lesbian and that has a condolence
you can like let him watch you and your
girlfriend fuck I would be down with
that quote taken seriously end quote
there's a naked poster of you on your
wall shut the fuck up retard another
example of blatant irony so I have a
naked picture of myself on my wall how
does that have to do anything also is
being taken seriously like really hot
but doesn't see her me or like how does
that work so I'm pretty sure that's not
what I said in the video Jerrod says
quit talking and show that corn cutter
with better lighting alas I was in
remiss not knowing what the term
according cutter means and then I just
looked at his previous comment on a
different video I might add that's one
hell of a corn cutter that
taras fanservice who made that one up
like what no-one's ever stuck a head of
corn into someone's asshole and just it
just like cut it open and like the
better you can cut the corn the nicer
the ass they should do like fake ass big
booty corn cutting competitions or
something I don't know magic says oh my
god never seen a her nipple before I've
seen a lot of her nipples I've also seen
he nipples and in between nipples thumbs
up for her nipples okay guys that's it
for this week see reads comments don't
forget to like the video if you like
what you're watching subscribe to the
channel and please check out my gaming
channel at youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games and my livestream at
twitch.tv slash darrell bock or feel
free to check out the channel page on
both channels because I actually do have
really succinct playlists there so you
can check out all of my different series
you can ever say series's
it just sounds so awful and both are
grammatically correct so whatever it's
add the little apostrophe at the end no
extra s flows out of my mouth better
like what a sorority girl has had too
much to drink one night thanks for
posting stupid shit and thanks for
watching this video you guys are fucking
amazing my nails are not done this see
you guys in two weeks with Tarot read
your comments stay stupid guys
