hey guys today we're gonna talk about
being shy and how to be confident and
why people are shy and how to transcend
shyness and become confident if that's
what you want to do it's a topic that
people have asked me to cover and I just
wanted to say that I look a little bit
different lately because I've been
trying out different makeups I have been
watching while I'm doing my cardio I've
been watching a bunch of Gigi gorgeous
and she has like really crazy good well
done makeup and I don't usually watch
like make people who do makeup but when
she's talking about things I'm just
looking at her makeup so I'm trying
different things to try to like improve
my own and that's like something that
you guys always know it's really fun to
me it's like you know self-improvement
it's like ooh I could better this and
look different and look cool and have a
new look so I've actually been spending
more time on my makeup than usual my
everyday look is usually like takes five
minutes or something I'm not like
actually five minutes for like 15
minutes and then I've been lately
spending about thirty minutes on it so
yeah just a little update for that cuz
people have been saying in the comments
why did she look different she looks a
little different she looks a little
better she looks a little worse bla bla
but um I'm gonna preface this with a
anecdotes and it's not really an
anecdote because it's just something I
saw in a video game but um there is this
murder mystery it's not called murder
mystery and syndicate it's called it's
my nipple I would I always think my
nipples out it's scary it's like a thing
I don't want my video to be taken down
but anyway um they're called dreadful
crimes in syndicate and there's this one
where some guy ends up going crazy and
I'm not going to say too much because
it's like the twistiest like it has the
best twist of any side mission I've ever
seen in any game ever and like usually
this kind of twist is reserved for like
the main character and it's just really
good but anyway this guy is like too
timid so he takes this concoction that
makes him like this passionate outgoing
lover type of guy and the shyness that
I'm gonna talk about today in the video
only pertains to people who don't want
to be shy it's more of like a shy
because of fear or because of social
anxiety kind of thing not like oh I'm
just a quiet person and like that's
completely fine to be like a certain
type of introvert that just you know
likes being the way that they are it's
kind of funny I'm also gonna give you
another anecdote
I need to get on to the topic because I
always make these fucking things too
long but hopefully you guys enjoyed them
anyway
I take personality tests whenever people
ask me to take them I've always wanted
to do like a real personality test
conducted by professional psychologists
or something but um every time I score
in the whether or not I am fucking what
I just said the word what the fuck is a
word I'm so out of it today
what the fuck was I just talking about
even what is it oh I keep thinking
interpersonal intrapersonal but that's
not what I'm talking about right now I'm
talking about I guess it's kind of what
I'm talking about right now introvert
introvert there you go it's intro
something okay whether or not I'm an
introvert or an extrovert like it's kind
of funny that I always ranked almost 50%
introvert when that doesn't seem like me
at all and the reason I rank
it's like 46% that I usually rank is
introvert and the reason that happens is
because they ask me questions like do
you instigate conversations in public do
you you know reach out to other people
to start conversations you know on your
own accord of your own accord and stuff
and I don't and that's because I've
become increasingly cynical I feel like
over my life and I've realized that a
lot of like situations where I start
having a conversation with people I I
really regret it because it feels like a
waste of time because of how stupid the
people are and I know that sounds really
mean but I feel like it's very rare and
I know I'm missing out on times when I
can have a nice conversation with an
intelligent person who will stimulate me
intellectually intellectually mm-hm and
like someone that'll be really funny and
interesting and stuff and I know I'm
gonna miss out on that but I feel like
my time now is more valuable to me than
wanting to maybe make new friends and I
feel like having a plethora of
acquaintances is just not important to
me and I feel like as comfortable as I
am out in public with like a billion
people and like as loud as I am when I'm
in a group of people that I actually
consider to be my friends and how like
at home I feel there it's not my
favorite thing to do I don't like going
to clubs are going to parties or going
out and spending time with a bunch of
people I it's not something that I enjoy
what I like to do is just stay at home
and play
so some of those questions make me seem
like an introvert when really I have no
social anxiety I have no problem being
up on a stage I have no problem being in
front of a billion people I'm very open
I have no insecurities about things like
that so the reason that I'm an introvert
is basically just because I'm a forced
introvert on my own partially and I used
to rank much higher as an extrovert
because yeah I would you know start
conversations with the people something
that happens like okay with Jay like Jay
will when he finishes a magic a magic
match he'll like talk to the people that
he had a match against even if he thinks
they're stupid like they'll say
something really really dumb about his
deck okay and I'm gonna try to put this
in laymen terms because I know a lot of
you guys don't fucking play magic but um
they will say something like why are you
painting the sky blue shouldn't the sky
be black and that makes absolutely no
sense right I'm sure in some you know
connotation it does like it's nighttime
or something which is stupid but um
he'll like actually explain it to them
and I always feel like that's such a
fucking waste of time like what I would
rather do then like entertain like
stupid people's opinions or talk to like
really boring people is like go read
manga in between fucking rounds or go
watch Ju play his match or go talk to
someone I actually already considered it
to be a friend of mine and I feel like
I've just grown tired of pleasantries
I've grown tired of you know boring
conversations or you know trying to
defend myself is kind of boring I if I
find someone and like we kind of click
yeah I'll talk to them and I'll you know
play extra matches with them and stuff
but most of the time I would rather just
you know do things that you know make
sense like make better use of my time so
that was long I feel like I should just
not make this about shyness or something
I'm gonna make this about something else
I've decided I'm gonna start doing like
cut up videos I'm gonna do these where I
actually cut out all of the like ohms
and the spaces in between and make it
more succinct and better just to see how
that is and maybe add some music in the
background not today because this upload
would be late if I did that and I don't
really have as much time to edit cuz I
spent all day yesterday editing but um
I want to see how that goes because I
feel like with the production quality of
these videos people who click on these
and people who watch these ones as
opposed to my phone vlogs actually want
to see like Bam Bam Bam opinions and
like more it just feels more it's like a
it's a staccato you know it's like Bam
Bam Bam opinion opinion opinion it just
makes more sense and I like watching
videos when they're that way better and
I know a lot of people like to watch the
uncut unfiltered version because they're
like worried that some things might be
cut out like imperfections might be cut
out or opinions that might be to tap it
would be cut out but you know I'm not
gonna do that so I don't know I'm kind
of conflicted you guys should let me
know in the comments what you think
about that but I guess I'll entitle this
introvert versus extrovert extrovert I
don't know why I can't talk today I feel
like it's something to do with the fact
that I'm using little matte lipcream
instead of like glossy lip cream and it
feels kind of dry so I'm having like put
a little bit of problems I should try to
say she sells see so she sells seashells
by the seashore or whatever anyway umm
it's kind of funny seeing me in what I
would consider to be a natural Tara
habitat where I'm around like 3 or 4
people that I actually considered to be
friends as opposed to being with like a
group of people that I don't really know
that well or being alone and being
surrounded by strangers a lot of people
say that I come off as shy it's kind of
funny because when I I meet like when I
used to meet boyfriends mothers and like
families they would always be like I'm
she's such a nice girl but she's kind of
shy and I was like yeah that's just
because I'm trying really hard to be
quiet so that I don't offend you you
know because if I'm in my natural state
I'm just like yelling and cussing and
being crazy and talking about sex and
dicks and being like fuck I want to go
play video games this is stupid and
boring I don't want to hang out with
your parents or have a nice dinner me
like that kind of thing you know and
like I've always worried about that but
now it's kind of like not that way
anymore
I've never been that way with my own
parents which is kind of funny like I
can always be myself with my parents and
that's something that I really like
about them like I've been able to be
myself with them since I was like 12 or
something or 11 I don't know maybe even
earlier they're great they've really you
know they've they've nurtured this
terrible teryn as' that is me and it's
kind of funny that a lot of people hide
things
they're parents but I don't like my
parents watch my videos I don't know how
often anymore but they used to watch
like all of my streams until I started
streaming every single day and at night
when they have to sleep because they
actually have jobs during the day and I
don't know this is just like a stream of
consciousness now I guess cuz yeah this
is exactly what I didn't want to do this
is i endeavoured upon this video
thinking this is exactly what I don't
want to do I want to fucking be able to
be like bam bam bam amazing video
perfect we're talking about shyness I'm
giving you guys advice I'm telling you
what I think but um it was always just
me trying to be politically correct and
then I realized that all the
pleasantries and all the bullshit I
could just cut most of that out and I
can enjoy my life better and at the end
of the day I know that a lot of people
will think I'm a bitch and a lot of
people especially the people who I
regard as stupider because I just give
them less love like when I go yeah or ah
huh and then I don't have any input it's
not that I don't have anything that I
think but I think about it this way like
this is my thought process so a guy
tells me the sky is not blue right and
magic and I'm like uh-huh and what I'm
thinking in my head is I could give him
some insights that would be really
interesting and one of two things can
happen he can be like oh cool and then
I'm like why the fuck did I just spend
my time doing this or he can like not
like what's not one of two things like
one of a hundred fucking billion
different things but all of the outcomes
that I'm thinking of all the things that
can happen they I don't care for them so
why would I do it and a lot of people I
guess they think that they have to be
polite or they think that they have to
act a certain way the society thinks
they should act or that they want the
person to like them I don't care if you
like me I if you like me that's amazing
you like me for me you don't like me for
this polite front that I'm putting on
and then behind your back I'm gonna tell
all my friends how fucking stupid you
are and how bad you are at magic or you
know how dull it was to talk to you like
that's it's it's funny because I've
never had to interact with people as
much as in magic like I've traveled the
world done millions of modeling jobs
done a billion things played a bunch of
different games online but you really
have to interact so much in magic
because you're seeing face to face with
a person for like fucking 30 minutes and
then it's like it's like a really like
intense battle of like intellect or
something and then afterwards they want
to talk about it or they want to tell me
what I did
or it's like so stupid and like the
thing I hate the most is when people
start explaining to me why they lost or
explaining to me how it's not fair that
they lost it's just like dude I don't
fucking care like choke me to death
I'm just give me a lodgment lozenge with
like not a life saver like a lozenge
that will get stuck in my throat and
fucking incapacitate me so I can't hear
you anymore
it's really sad because people always
say that people who like are smarter or
more logical less emotional like they
are more lonely because a lot of people
don't understand them or because they
don't want to they don't feel there this
is I can't remember which philosopher
said something like this but they they
aren't fulfilled by the pleasantries and
the acquaintance ships of other people
you know what I'm saying and and I feel
like I can relate to that and I don't
know it makes me sound cocky but I don't
really care that's just you know it's
how I feel about other people
it's just how I feel about the world
around me and they're some amazing
fucking like-minded people in my videos
and I feel like I relate to the people
in my comment section like 10 times more
than I relate to anyone I ever meet on
the street and they're like so many like
people I just don't want to involve
myself with and this just sucks
so this is my little rant on how I feel
about pleasantries and being introverted
or extroverted and yeah cuz I feel like
I don't know I don't know what the fuck
I'm talking about I'm sorry if this
video sucks I'm not sorry if it offended
you but I am sorry if this video sucks
because this is my own opinions and this
is how I feel this is my right now
stream-of-consciousness not feeling like
I'm as coherent as usual but I always
feel bad when the content like I don't
post every single day I post five days a
week now so when the content isn't like
amazing and I don't feel like it's worth
watching I feel really bad that I
uploaded it but I'm gonna upload it
anyway because I know a lot of you guys
like that transparency where you see me
derping around somedays and like you
know content producers aren't perfect
and a lot of content producers like to
pretend that they are and like to only
post things that make them look as such
and I don't care about that I would
rather show you guys the real me
so hopefully you appreciate that and
don't hate this video too much but I'm
also gonna be recording Terry's comments
which hopefully will be a lot more fun
and funny oh you like the video
subscribe if you liked it don't forget
to post in the comments your ideas and
please let me know if you have a topic
for a next video like any kind of like
philosophical topic talk about sex
obviously I love doing those as a very
fun anything controversial and check out
my Q&A that I did it's gonna be yeah
yesterday yesterday's Q&A I started a
Q&A series because you guys really
wanted me to I feel like I'm very open
all the time anyway so I didn't really
need to do a Q&A series but you guys are
loving it and I want to know if you guys
love it enough to have me keep doing it
so post in the comments about that and
let me know I changed the lighting up a
little bit so do I look better today I
feel like I was getting like these lines
in my face that aren't actually there
because the positioning of the lighting
was casting a shadow over my big ass
cheeks or something so yeah also let me
know about the makeup the Q&A if you
like these stream-of-consciousness
videos if you want me to cut and put
cuts in my videos like these so they're
shorter and please check out my gaming
channel because I have a 20 sexiest guys
in games coming out in an hour and it's
fucking awesome
so do it please thank you I love you
guys so much and I appreciate you guys
watching my ramblings you're just
fucking amazing I will see you guys
tomorrow with Tara Reid's comments which
I'm recording now
bye guys well
