so people have been asking me to do a
YouTube Q&A for like ever and I feel
like it doesn't really make any sense
because I do topics all the time based
on my opinion but then I kind of thought
about it and I'm like if you guys want
to see it why don't I just fucking do it
I have nothing against it and it sounds
like it would be fun also it kind of
makes sense because if you ask the
question you're getting a shout out and
that's kind of cool
it's like interacting with you guys so
without further ado let's do it I asked
you guys to send me your questions on
Twitter Facebook and Instagram and I
think from now on I'm only gonna use
Instagram if I continue this series
because so many questions on Instagram
so little questions anywhere else and I
have my biggest fan base and most usage
on Instagram let's start off with
Twitter Alex Ellis asks would you
consider doing a stream with only
pasties on unfortunately you can't
stream in anything but regular clothing
this means lingerie pasties nude bikinis
you just can't do it
Alex Ellis also asks how big were your
boobs before the implants big Anna cups
little B cups around that size Jonathan
Spencer asks which current world issues
do you pay close attention to and why
almost none I feel like I don't have the
time to actually focus on things like
that and actually know the real facts
not the bullshit that the media is
viewing out so for me to make an
educated opinion I would have to spend
way too much time than I have right now
but I do have opinions on certain things
like feminism animal advocacy things
like that the new guy asks maybe this
question will you ever make a Skype
account where you talk to like a couple
of fans at a time via cam or Mike this
is maybe something I would do for
patreon patrons but really I stream like
five or six hours a day and I have the
two channels it's really hard for me to
keep up with anything like that and I
like to keep my Skype and other accounts
more private very few people have my
Skype account and that's like literally
all I got on Twitter so let's move to
Facebook Mike Corwin asks favorite solo
game this is kind of hard for me because
even when I'm playing a single-player
campaign it's so much better if I'm like
switching off the controllers with J or
something where he's watching me I'm
watching him and stuff like that I just
strongly prefer to do anything
story-based with a friend it's kind of
like going to the movies alone but in
terms of a game that I've played a lot
alone
that would be Starcraft because the only
letter system on that game that matters
is 1v1
and my highest rank was platinum most of
the time if I'm gonna play a game alone
it's gonna be an indie game or a casual
game or something but the big games like
the Assassin's Creed's the god of wars
the life is Strange's I mean
playing that with you guys or playing it
with Jack John Douglas Hudson asks who
was your best friend
Jada for like 11 years now and reco said
she asks are you happy I can't imagine
being happier honestly like I can
imagine being more financially stable or
having more free time and these things
would you know inherently make me
happier but I feel like I am beyond
blessed and every day is like a fucking
amazing adventure of me doing exactly
what I want to do with my life so yes
Jason a sledge asks favorite irrational
number
it's got to be pyrite did you guys know
that pirate and backwards actually looks
like it's smelling pie found that out
and like the strange all right now the
big list of questions on Instagram
epidemic 12 asks is why are you so
beautiful a legitimate question no but
thank you Greg jagwire asks what made
you get into Magic the Gathering
I wanted to play magic since I was like
eight years old I was playing Pokemon
and I was going to the Wizard stores
which are kind of defunct now they have
like the Wizards headquarters but
there's no like Wizards game stores
anymore and I would go there and I would
play in the Pokemon card tournaments
like it was like my dad would take me
and he was really into that too and we
would trade cards and collect together
and he always told me that Magic the
Gathering was a big kids game kind of
like D&D and that I couldn't play it and
I could play it when I get older and
then time passed and Jay and I will
randomly get bored of the competitive
game we're playing and then we decided
to play another game and Jay was like do
you why don't you start playing magic
and I'm like fuck yes I want to start
playing magic and from then the rest is
history
FM is almost every weekend when I have
the time big tournaments GPU stuff like
that and I even top ated a bunch of
tournaments and I have a little trophy
from it too
so yeah I really enjoy magic something I
love about magic is that I didn't grow
up playing on the computer I grew up
playing on consoles so for me it's still
kind of awkward and I can't get up to
the most competitive levels with things
like Starcraft and League even though I
was pretty decent at Starcraft but with
magic it's like pretty much just a mind
game it doesn't have anything to do with
my dexterity or anything and I can just
outsmart my opponent and that's fucking
awesome also Garrick oh so huh para is
0/24 asked why did you start making
youtube videos my gaming channel was my
first youtube channel and at first it
was entitled model Tara Babcock and I
was just like randomly uploads stupid
shit and then I started uploading these
like videos of myself not talking cuz
back then I thought that I sounded
stupider than I actually was so that was
like something I didn't want to convey
that I was a stereo too
so I didn't talk but then I started
streaming I forced myself to get more
articulated and I decided why not start
posting actual videos to my gaming
youtube flash-forward a year and a half
or something
I decided to make a second channel
because I thought vlogs were cool I
thought I could you know change some
people's minds on certain things that I
thought that a lot of people don't I
feel like I have really different
opinions than most people and I'm more
real than a lot of people because I
don't have all of the insecurities and
that type of stuff holding me back and
then the vlog channel got bigger than
the gaming channel and now I'm kind of
just sad trying to make the gaming
channel catch up but yeah youtubing was
just like a logical step after I started
streaming and most people don't do both
as heavily as I do but I love them both
so why not x17 JG asks what is your
favorite thing about making YouTube
videos someone I once thought was wise
who inspired me to start streaming said
something like this make content that
you enjoy making that you think is funny
and chances are there'll be people out
there that feel the same way and enjoy
the same things you do and have the same
sense of humor and to me that was so
smart because it was like I'm gonna make
something that I would love to watch
that I think is funny and then share it
with a bunch of like-minded people and
then I create a community of like-minded
people that I can share ideas with and
it's like an extended family so that the
interaction between you guys is probably
my favorite Bart Anna asks what have you
done with girls all the sexual things
you can imagine
Bart Anna also asks best and worst
talents best talents probably involve
creative things and sex and worst
talents probably involve I'm really bad
at singing so there's that I have no
idea what my bad talents are I'm like a
jack-of-all-trades I'm decent at
everything but not really fucking
amazing anything which can be
frustrating but it's nice that I can
like do my own editing I can draw little
bits I'm decent at video games I'm
decent at this and that I'm decent
pretty much everything but I'm not like
world-class at anything maybe giving
blowjobs
world class of giving blowjobs last
question from bar Tana is have you ever
cried over a guy oh definitely what
fucking female hasn't what gay man
hasn't what guy hasn't even multiple
times often but not anymore I feel like
I've surpassed that I I transcended the
being taken advantage of and the
allowing someone to fuck with my
emotions and letting people into my life
that actually would fuck with my
emotions type of thing so it's been a
while there's like a bunch more from Bar
Tana let's do a few more from em what is
your biggest insecurity
I see insecurity a little bit different
from something that I'm not happy with
something that I'm not happy with is
defined by me just having the drive to
change it and it's like a healthy
motivated Drive on the other hand
insecurities are like things that I make
myself uncomfortable to hide or I would
lie about or things that I would like
actually get emotionally distressed
about when I remember or if someone
brings it up I get all defensive and I'm
literally zero of those now which is
liberating and kind of nice and the
second question what do you like most
about your physical appearance
I like the total package and that's what
I'm working toward I want to have a nice
nose nice eyes nice eyebrows nice lips
nice hair nice boobs and all that
together is what's important to me it's
like the scientific proportional
geometrical beauty basically and I'm
proud of how far I've come
Bar Tana again asks favorite cheat meal
that would have to be grilled cheese and
tomato soup all right let's get to some
other people's questions a lot of Larney
asks what is your message to all of the
women out there who are insecure of
their own bodies and are not as
confident with themselves as you are
it's healthy to want to improve yourself
but you have to get in the right state
of mind and love yourself despite those
imperfections it's perfectly fine to
want to improve upon those imperfections
but to let it weigh you down emotionally
or physically is just wrong and you
should love yourself despite them as I
said already I guess you should be your
own worst critic though and you
shouldn't let anyone tell you that
something you like about yourself is
incorrect or wrong or ugly if you like
it fuck them cupcake mija says what do
you do to stay fit love you love you too
you're very pretty by the way the
biggest thing is to just watch your
calories you don't even have to work out
in order to lose fat working out kind of
comes in with like building muscle and
toning and just creating the perfect
physique
whereas losing weight is basically
calories I do cardio once or twice a day
but I don't have to do that it's just
because I like to eat a lot of food so
if you don't like food you can just
restrict your calories but if you really
like food you have to do cardio
basically and of course the more muscle
you have the more fat you burn Keith
Henson asks why don't you have a
boyfriend as I've said many times I feel
like the traditional conventions of the
boyfriend-girlfriend relationship or not
for me I feel like they're restrictive
in a way that doesn't make any logical
sense
it's like restricting someone else based
on your own personal insecurities and
making sure that they don't have the
life that they want to have for selfish
reasons and that doesn't make any sense
to me so tying myself down to one guy
and restricting that guy's life in the
process instead of just coexisting and
having a great time together is
something I'm just not interested in
King Jagger 99 asks what's your favorite
video game mascot I'm assuming my mascot
he means protagonist or video game
character Shao Kahn by far no one comes
close gangbang 81 asks most memorable
sexual experience I don't know I have
fucking amazing mind-blowing sex
literally every day but if I had to pick
one that I remembered for a reason it
would probably be the one I told you
about in my sluttiest moment or whatever
where I threw up all over the guy's
house put period blood all over his bed
and got more drunk than I had ever been
in my entire life and he was famous I
need to do his sex stories on that one
but that was memorable for like bad
reasons so yeah so bacon strips asks if
Liga Legends wasn't around what do you
think he'd be streaming regularly
instead I would probably just get over
my hatred for MTG oh and stream magic
forever or I would expedite getting a
new house so I could get a paper magic
setup if I decided that it wasn't
prudent to stick to one game when I'm
streaming usually I would just do Let's
Plays playthrough one game go to the
next playthrough another game go to the
next or I would try out every indie game
that's ever existed the G monkey one two
three asks weird question but how can I
stop temptation to masturbate one learn
how to spell temptation to just
masturbate Snoop Dogg asks is your hair
really that blond PS love you love you
too and yeah I mean it is it's not like
a mirage or something but my natural
hair color is dirty blonde which is
about three shades darker lighter than
my eyebrows darker than this Tom 1:11 GG
asks favorite Pokemon PS love you love
you too favorite Pokemon has always been
Mew I am 100% all for the initial 151
after that Plus like Togepi I kind of
stops paying attention I was the biggest
Pokemon fanatic when I was younger I
have like so much Pokemon memorabilia
but there are so many video games and
things that I kind of just stopped
loving as much but that time period will
always have a place in my heart
Gimli masks do you think women are more
attracted to men who are overly sexual
in conversations or just casually sexual
with little innuendos I definitely think
the average woman doesn't like it if
you're too in-your-face aggressive
sexual I think that it would be a bigger
turn-off to me if the guy was ugly and
he was
than if he was just giving innuendos
then it would be kind of like fun
flirting and it wouldn't be as like bro
I don't like you but if it's a guy that
I like I would love really strong
innuendos as far as other girls go I
would say be subtle
Josh Dodd asks are you a big fan of Star
Wars since it was very young I've been
somewhat a fan of Star Wars yes I'm
currently watching the Clone Wars
animated series which is god fucking
amazing so amazing you get to fuck God
but I've always considered myself more
of a Star Trek fan live long and prosper
Mila Evaline asks what advice do you
have for one of your 16 year old female
fans
I remember high school and I remember
getting bullied and I remember having
crushes and I remember getting my heart
broken and shit was just crazy and I was
trying out drugs and there was
temptation all over the place and the
biggest thing I can tell you is to just
be yourself and find out who you are
these are the most critical years in
your life and if you want to try
something try it but remember to always
educate yourself always think outside
the box and never let anyone tell you
who you are or what you want to do if
you're not ready for sex don't do it if
you don't want to do drugs don't do it
and as long as it's not physical abuse
all the teasing and people making fun of
you
or boys not liking you none of that shit
matters not only like when you grow up
none of that shit matters but like right
now none of that shit matters remember
that and learn to love yourself
sanitary Sanchez asked I've been
thinking about moving to Seattle for a
few months to get my Microsoft
certifications do you know who / can you
tell me where all the Nerds hang out
mocks boarding house is literally the
best or cart Kingdom but that's like a
smaller version of box it's a gigantic
place where you can play board games and
there's a bar and there's a restaurant
tournament room miniatures room it's
pretty fucking sick and you can
accumulate store credit by winning
tournaments and use it for the beer and
the food David Zephyr offski says who is
your favorite porn star I fixed the
grammar a little bit as far as men go it
would have to be Johnny since I'm
generally disgusted by most men and porn
I just kind of ignore them and hope they
have a big dick
Johnny Sens is alright and as far as
women go I like a lot like I like older
porn of a lot of famous girls like I
like older Nikki Benz and by older I
mean younger nikki benz
when she wasn't all like fake ass
implants pale chubby dark hair don't
like that felt too white jesse jane
riley steel crystal steel but all of
these people aren't making good porn
anymore so it's hard to say there are a
few chicks who have like really good
bodies but really terrible faces or
aren't really my style and they're
alright so basically I'm just looking
for
one that has really nice fake round
boobs and a nice body skinny small short
Liga Girls asks do you like Kim
Kardashian Kim Kardashian is sometimes
really hot but I'm not really privy to
any of her like goings ons her husband's
gross I can tell you that Lord of the
Chinese mafia asks are you and Jo five
that's Jai's Instagram actually
boyfriend or a girlfriend or are you
guys just pretty much friends with
benefits we don't put a label on it
because it's deeper than either of those
but we are not monogamous if that makes
sense
it's the me asks how often do you get
hit on and are you immune to it by now I
do not get hit on very often either
because I'm maybe a little intimidating
or because I always have a guy or guys
with me so the only time I ever get hit
on is at the gym when I'm walking from
like the treadmill to wherever the fuck
and I like no makeup on and they come up
to me and I'm just like no no or if I'm
like walking to get my hair done or
nails or something like that and immune
to it no it's still really annoying
because all the guys that come hit on me
are not attractive at all I've never
once had a guy that I thought was
attractive come hit on me it's like so
annoying I've always had to be the one
asking people out young Yozo says if you
could research anything even on ethical
stuff
what would your research and why so I
would definitely say human cloning or
animal cloning because that means we
have an infinite supply of meat that
isn't actually cruelty taken the future
Marko's seer asks do you have anything
besides your boob job as far as plastic
surgery goes so plastic elitsa
fantastical yes lips nose I've had a
mole removed and boobs and that's it Bar
Z marzi asks are you a lady in the
streets but a freak in the sheets no I'm
pretty much a freak in the streets and a
freak in the sheets
Kenny's is shit asked since you followed
Starcraft scene what do you think about
so many pros Korean retiring such as MMA
and flash around the end of last year
flash was like semi and retirement
already and then he came back and he was
like amazing and then he retired and I
didn't know I'm a retired that's
interesting but I mean they fucking get
old there's like a cap on how old you
can be even as a Korean to do that
amazing and Starcraft so I mean it makes
sense and it kind of sucks I hope that
more Korean pros understand they need to
have like a presence as personality so
they can continue to make content or
something and
fanbase when they're not pros mentalist
odd ask could you ever consider getting
into legacy or vintage in magic I would
just like I got into modern but I would
want to play legacy merfolk with true
name nemesis and that would just be
god-awful cosmic snail 92 asks what do
you think of Ben Affleck as the new
Batman I'm a fan of him he is the first
comic-book Batman we've ever had the
guys actually looks like Batman and he's
absolutely sacked Ben Affleck is my only
persisting celebrity crush throughout my
like entire life so I am 100% for Ben
Affleck whatever he does come over rape
me in the butt I don't care just fucking
do it Ben Affleck thumbs ups and yeah he
looks fucking good as Batman he's got
the fucking face shape for the fucking
mask and shit in the body for the suit
oh and he's tall yeah Corey crips asks
will you suck my dick no Jan brass asks
what is the one quote say your life your
that's bad not gonna read it
Tamra's get better not now not here asks
do you and Jay want kids
neither Jade nor I together or separate
ever want kids I'm very much opposed to
kids like vehemently opposed to kids
particularly babies I feel like there's
a certain type of person that should be
a parent and that way too many people
are having kids right now I think the
tradition behind it makes people feel
like they have to do it when really they
can just focus on themselves and have a
wonderful life and not overpopulate the
world Cole Wilkins has three questions
one what wouldn't you give up for gaming
I think the only thing I wouldn't do
what gaming is probably j2 I'm going to
be starting a gaming YouTube channel
soon and I would like to know if you
have any tips slash advice for me there
are so many gaming channels out there
that you have to establish what is
different about you
like are you really funny and ridiculous
do you have a crazy look were you like
an ex lawyer and now you're playing
video games you got to find your niche
and the commentary is almost as
important as the gameplay so you don't
have to be like amazing at games if you
have good commentary and the other way
around is true as well you can be
amazing at games and not have the
greatest commentary but finding a
balance between the two is the best and
starting off you're probably gonna have
to play all of the newest games to get
people's attention or maybe be the guy
that only plays retro or indie games
speedruns something has to be different
about you because there are so many
channels and so much competition that
basically just have to go for it and
make sure your production quality is
good a guy can be hilarious and great
games but if you can't understand what
he's saying and as Mike or it's just a
terrible quality render No
gonna watch you hopefully that helps
Salizar asks what would you like your
legacy to be
I'd only care about legacy I'm dead
after that and people who care about
that seem really silly to me it's like
they need to make their life worth
something when really you could just
live your life what five places would
you like to visit or do a photo shoot I
mean I've always wanted to visit Japan
and Germany obviously and I'd like to
you know see where J grew up in Serbia
but really I fucking hate traveling and
I've done photo shoots all over the US
so what is your biggest dream my biggest
dream is to just continue to be myself
and continue to improve on everything
that I'm doing right now and get to a
point where I know I'm financially
stable and buy a house what is the
biggest amount you will let a patron
donate I mean I don't think there's a
cap but I have the biggest package that
gets everything at 250 but really you
don't need to donate to me in order to
make me be appreciative of you and then
he says all our best super amazing gamer
wondergirl Thank You Nino rubber tongue
asks what would have been your second
choice of job if you would not have done
what you do now
well obviously full-time modeling but I
guess that kind of counts is what I'm
doing now even though I don't time to be
full-time anymore outside of any
entertainment job I would say I would
want to be one of those high-profile
criminal psychologists or writers I
really want to do the high profile
criminal psychology thing because I'm
super fascinated by Psychopaths killers
what motivates people to do things
things that make certain people have
certain kinds of pathologies it's just
so interesting to me and I'm also just
good at writing so there's that but I
can't imagine enjoying life as a writer
I would just enjoy creating but I
wouldn't enjoy anything that goes along
with it
JD 23 Walton asks what is the weirdest
thing that turns you on I have a lot of
weird things that turn me on
two of the weirdest things would
probably be masks which a lot of you
guys know and I really like sweaty guys
like the smell of sweat even the smell
of armpits sweaty balls yes it's just
like an excretion of manly fluids to me
all right that was 90% of the questions
asked hopefully this isn't gonna be too
long in the video or take too long to
edit fuck but I hope you guys enjoyed
post in the comments if you want me to
continue doing this like to switch it up
a little bit oh this is another kind of
fanservice it might not be so sexual but
you guys get your most personal
questions answered thank you so much
like the video subscribe to the channel
please I implore you check out my other
channel youtube.com slash Tara Babcock
games is down in the description along
with all of my other links like
Instagram Twitter and twitch all by the
way our slash Tara Babcock I'm on Twitch
live streaming almost every day for like
fucking 6 hours so you should come check
me out if you're ever awake at that time
alright guys I love you so much please
let me know what you think of the series
like let me know like seriously also I
love you guys the amount of support you
guys show me is always very surprising I
am forever in your debt
as far as appreciation goes bye guys
