guys i has veg so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want
sup guys I didn't vlog yesterday and I
wasn't gonna vlog today but then I guess
I decided that today's the day I want to
go to Ikea right now I'm going to get my
nails done because I don't want to be
shooting with these fucking terrible
nails that I just caught a hair and I
don't know if you guys can see this well
I went through my hair and one of my
fucking hairs is now caught in the nail
because they're so fucked up I'm really
pissed off about this manicure because I
spent the extra money it's like 10 extra
dollars to get the this like cracked
look and it's supposed to be gel and if
you guys know anything about nails gel
like never fuck's up but they've only
put one coat on top and I think that's
the reason that it's all fucked up
because they were in a hurry it was like
closed but it was their fault because
they made me wait forever so yeah gonna
get my nails redone for the shooting
range in two days and then we're gonna
go to Ikea to look for things to hold
all of my figures and stuff for my
gaming channel and things like that so
that should be interesting and vlog
worthy hopefully I'll see you guys there
and I'll try to vlog a little bit of my
nails for you foot fetishists
come
what's the problem mean is it too hard
to be a kitty here are my toes and
here's my bra kitty what's she doing Eve
let Mia come here brah kitty come here I
know it's so hard to be you maybe I get
that off you
why are you dishonor a ting this you're
just like okay this is my life now come
on you can do it either well you're just
gonna cry come on get it up come on do
it why are you so pathetic yeah good job
Eve one bra zero hey guys I want to go
ahead and talk a little bit about my
base scenario so I've wanted to play
bass guitar for a very very long time
it's just something I've always wanted
to do and wanted to learn and this year
I feel like I'm just taking the time and
the extra money that I have because of
you guys thank you so much to make some
of these dreams a reality and make some
of these things that I've wanted to
check off my bucket list or things that
I felt like I should do like it might
concealed-weapons permit and just like
put that in the checked off things that
I've finally done with my life including
the nice little hike we went on I've
always wanted to start going on hikes
and hiked up a tall mountain or
something and do something hard and
interesting but outdoors so I've been
looking for the perfect starter base and
I am stuck between two different ones
two different Ibanez ones I want an Ivan
as it's called sound of something what
does it sound something I don't know I
should have it pulled up here on the
screen hold on so these are the two that
I'm thinking of either the Ibanez SR 300
or the Ibanez GSR 200 TR both of them
are active but I've learned so much
about bass guitars recently and I'm
thinking I'm probably gonna go with this
one cuz it's the cheaper when it's
actually one
99 whereas this one is 349 but it's
really cool it reminds me of like how my
hair used to be back when I had to like
yellow to red orange fire hair I thought
that was really cool but basically what
I want is just a deep metal bass sound
rather than the whole Seinfeld jazz
sound and I also wanted something that
would get me a lot for my money and I
wanted something that would be a good
starter that wouldn't be hard to play
because the neck wouldn't be as thick
and stuff and there's just so much I've
learned about like P basis and J basis
but I'm going between these two and I'm
not sure which so I'm gonna have J help
me decide I'm really excited about that
I'm really excited about finally making
these improvements in my life I've
dreamt of making like covers to some of
my favorite like bass guitar solos or
just like full songs like playing over a
full song I've been working on my finger
strength I've always wanted to do bass
covers in my underwear to like just
standing up playing the bass guitar in
my underwear with like pasties on or
something I don't know I can do that for
like fanservice Friday but I'm just
gonna be more and more a jack of all
trades master of none basically okay so
what I'm doing now before we go to Ikea
is I'm in what will be my gaming channel
YouTube room and behind me you see over
here we have these as like reference but
I don't want the frame to be longer than
that corner of the wall and longer than
that little plushie area over there but
I still want to be sitting on this stool
far enough away that I can have figures
and stuff on like shelves back there and
I'm not too close to them so that's what
we're trying to figure out right now
sooo I might move forward oh shit so Eve
helped us discover that we have about 80
inches high to deal with and 112 and a
half wide so that's the maximum
bookshelf width and height we can go for
for my set because Buick she's so cute
outfit of the day Kitty of the day we're
here I can't
it's like my birthday again
because like he is so much fun this is a
particularly nice IKEA - which makes it
even better let's go look at everything
for no reason
Wow are you gonna use me you're gonna
use me as your stuff holder Jay why'd
you do that why you do that Jay that's
rude you know I'm more than just a
backpack I'm also a pussy and a titty we
move God we're gonna hit by car we're
gonna hit by a car we're gonna get
carbide hit they have such good food
we're thinking about getting this mirror
because Jay said that I moved the mirror
from behind his computer area thing
behind my computer well how would I call
that the computer room the computer room
your the phone wait a bit red
I did take a picture so I did you fuckin
retard that's why I'm even doing this
jesus fucking christ look at that back
that's a mat back to do back today Wow
garbage back shit back Jay
ooh did you the dog treats yeah no Jay
what happened to my tits I'm two pieces
Oh what happened to my tits oh this is
my chosen reading for the day god damn
someone's really obsessed with this
fucking Joker cold
skulduggery this is called booger a
puzzle oh this isn't the language of
IKEA IKEA language what was it looks
English it wasn't I think they're trying
to be English but they're the words
don't make sense together
awkward yes it's perfect right well like
almost like eight to ten inches off but
you can space it and put like you put
something here then spit you know like
teddy bears on top and then the show yes
so this is what we're thinking we're
thinking two of these it's really cute
because the shelves are white but the
frame is black and then get three of
these which are also this and so we're
gonna have one probably the white one on
top like fucking horizontally and then
two vertically but toward the wall so
like this but just stood up and I think
that would be really cute and then we
could do like a red backdrop or
something and it would be minimal
drilling into the wall and it would be a
bunch of different colors and I think
that would be cool I think we have
decided
have we not I just don't like the it's
these are so big like when I have a lot
of small figures or like figures they're
like this tall and then it'll look kind
of stupid they're not stuffed animals so
I can't like
I don't know I guess I'll have to have
one big enough thing per squares but I
don't know if I can achieve that I might
have to steal from my stuff behind my
stream so yeah it's fine if it's for the
so I'm gonna put a backdrop first I'm
just gonna be a pain in the ass but
whatever the other ones blues something
else no it's not a white wall it's a
disgusting grey wall it's like the
weirdest room we could just paint it
paint that square red and just like
paint it back when we move or not what
the reason was easier than hanging one
of those fucking paper backdrops are you
kidding painting a wall just do a
terrible job just for the background
back or just don't even paint it back
and pay 50 bucks glad Jay wants to know
if he's big or tiny those are the only
options guys it's Jay big or tiny I'm
gonna put a straw poll in the
description big or tiny those are the
only options why are you covering here
junk yeah yeah Oh
microscopic convincing actually it is on
camera it's a piece of paper it really
looks like it is that stuff on camera
holy shit mind blown go fishies go
fishies Jay go fishies
how do you feel goldfishes back from
Southie
this looks good
today we're done
you're a fag this is really cute
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do doesn't
work well J oh it's got like a thing on
the back look how many letters upset her
one yeah that was the entire work play
guys
i has badge what the fuck is this
do not fuck my ass don't fuck the ass
you told me a lot in June that Joe
whatever it was lat J there would be so
much better you fucked it up this the
magic of IKEA dining we need trace oh
these are dirty or not are these dirty
or clean I mean insurance well they
don't look clean I'm starts very soon
look at this Jake
did you put this good sexism the row
girlies these are cute
what are these tiny tables dignity
oh we're gonna curtain wired dignity oh
these are really cute backdrop lights I
think I want two of them this is a
hilarious desk lamp thought fuck you've
never been this bloated damn J like what
are you complete that's how we said
bye-bye and Swedish watch I bet it means
like suck my dick or something
hey hey hey that's gonna go flying
put the drink I can fly
yeah drink just put the deejay put the
drink
what's your fly Oh God there goes all
right was I I was right I want you to
pick up when we entered it was daytime
when we left it's nighttime we've been
here at least 48 hours I told you it
wouldn't fit in the trunk Jake I told
you I wouldn't fit in the trunk Jake we
didn't think this through when we bought
this car we didn't think you know Tara
likes to go to Ikea it's probably not a
good idea you know we just didn't think
at all what happened huh what happened
you got eaten by snake Oh take a helper
why he didn't come out good girl that's
a good way to end this vlog good girl
baby I don't know if I showed you guys
last night to the stuffed animals that I
bought these really two dollars or
something so this is a bird this is a
spider although it looks like a person
with dreadlocks or something and this is
a dumb looking bird and then on the egg
well on the egg it says where it said
somewhere on the egg it says if you
squeeze it it'll chirp it back but it's
just this is just squishy it's really
cute and then I bought this because you
know I just feel like I'm back in the
like 17 1600s or something with this
where we don't have lights and it's
actually like not a real candle it's
like a candle that's battery-operated
all right now that concludes yesterday's
vlog and now it's today
