hey guys I decided to do my weekly phone
vlog on the day that I wasn't gonna do
any extra courting other than doing a
stream with my black lips and the reason
I decided to do that was because well I
spent a lot of today writing a script
for tomorrow's recordings and I didn't
want to record anything today because I
wasn't going tanning and as you can see
when I don't go tanning I look a little
splotchy and I wanted everything to be
perfect for tomorrow's like plethora of
recordings but anyway I'm a bunch of
things on my mind today also let me know
in the comments what you think of the
black lip gloss
it's a NYX suede which is their new lip
color and it feels really cool it's like
an in-between of the like super glossy
stuff and the matte lip cream which is
just basically like really dry if you
don't put anything over it um but I am
enjoying it I think it's kind of
interesting and I like trying new looks
occasionally and I put on more I usually
don't put on any eyeliner at all no
eyeliner no I what's it called fucking
eyeshadow at all and doing stuff like
this makes me actually want to do more
Beauty type tips and like actually do
things on my third channel but at the
same time I'm constantly thinking like I
don't have a big female audience like
both of my channels are both about ten
percent female and I have a lot of
female like mods and subs on my streams
and I have a bunch of girls I know who
like play video games and other
streamers and the youtubers and like
friends and stuff but I don't know if
it's that necessary I especially don't
feel like I have the skill like a lot of
girls do who are very popular on YouTube
for having like Beauty videos and stuff
but sometimes I get the inkling of the
urge to do it because I like really do
like self-perfection and you know being
a different person and trying new things
but at the same time maybe I want to do
something that's more taboo where it's
not necessarily completely directed at
girls but it helps girls out like maybe
like you know talking about my plastic
surgeries or talking about like my
miracle products and just doing things
like that or doing like hauls I can do
and I can do like one video a month and
it doesn't have to be like that big of a
workload and then if it happens to work
out you know I just continue doing it or
maybe I up the workload because you know
be worth it at that point there's people
actually giving a
about it so that's one of the things I
was thinking about the other thing is
I'm really fuckin pissed off at my
dentist holy fucking shit
okay so um as you guys know I'm getting
crowns on my two front teeth and right
now I'm wearing these temporaries that
are like literally not that strong so I
can't bite anything like actually hard
and it's even like scary when I'm having
like a sub sandwich or something and
it's like slightly harder bread than
like regular just like soft bakery bread
right and it always feels weird after
I'm done eating and I can't floss in
between the two front teeth because it's
like so tight there and it's like a
different color from the rest of my
teeth which are bleach white these are
like a B one while the other ones are
like a BL color which is a bleach color
so this is like natural color and then
the rest are bleach code and you can
only tell in certain lights which isn't
it hasn't been the big of a deal I've
only seen literally one comment about it
so far but the frustrating thing is I
don't feel comfortable with these and I
want the final result I paid $3,000 for
you know getting my teeth to be stronger
and you know more perfect and to finally
get this thing done that I've been
trying to do since I was like really
young because I broke my two front teeth
when I was younger and I was promised by
the dentist so like three or four weeks
ago I went in to get the temporary it
was actually three weeks ago almost now
I went to get the temporaries in no it
was it's a couple days after two weeks
sorry I'm like I get my timings messed
up because like I have the weirdest
schedule ever and I'm constantly
switching my schedule but anyway they
promised me around two weeks maybe a
little under and they said the holidays
wouldn't affect it and I'm like okay
cool
so I went and I got my temporaries on
and I got a scan and the scan is gonna
help the actual lab like the actual
place that does professional crowns and
makes like perfect you know like
porcelain crowns it helps them decide
what size shape and whatever-the-fuck to
my anatomy of my teeth or whatever with
my dental records and they didn't send
the scans out until yesterday I called
the lab and I was like oh is my shit
thought it's been exactly two weeks and
I was so excited and I was hoping that
they were gonna call me the next two
days because I thought okay well maybe
two weeks in two days but now it's set
for like the 13th they're not gonna be
done until the 13th and they have to
ship them to my dentist and my dentist
has put them on and that
point I don't even know if they're gonna
be good enough for me yet and I don't
know if I'm gonna have to like wear them
loose and it's like so much stress
around it and like I really feel like
they've been disrespecting me at the
dentist's office like usually when I'm
working like I'm notorious for being
mean to people who I think are like
really stupid or aren't competent and
doing their jobs and it's something that
Jay hates about me and a lot of other
people hate about me but I just feel
like I know what I want and I always
expect people to be specialists at their
jobs like if you're gonna have a
practice with your name on the front
door you should be fucking good at what
you do and it's very frustrating when
they're not and like these people aren't
bad per se but like I've had so many
frustrations since the beginning of this
process which was like over a month and
a half ago where my fucking dentist
would like I was like okay I want
bleached white teeth I don't want be one
color I want whiter and this is
something that's just like commonplace
if you go to like LA or something and he
was like wow no you couldn't you know
try another bleaching process you can
just bleach at home and see what happens
I don't know and I'm like well what's
the best way to get the color that I
want to achieve the color that I want
he's like you can do these things and
didn't even really give these things to
me you just like sat there silently and
didn't give me any options that I'm like
you're the fucking specialist why do I
have to make the decision what I'm gonna
be doing in order to achieve the thing
that you're supposed to tell me how to
achieve it's very frustrating because if
someone asks me a question about
something that I'm even semi-competent
about like you know setting up a stream
or any of the technicalities behind
doing Photoshop or video editing or
playing a video game I can answer all of
that shit for you and I can help you out
and I can be more than helpful and like
when a company asks me to like test
their products I'm more than helpful and
I give them ideas and he's just sitting
there like silent like well it's up to
you why the fuck is it up to me you I
tell you what I want and you just make
that result happen for me and that's
what I'm expecting but it wasn't
happening and then they kept pushing for
me to set a date right so I wanted to
set the date that I go talk to the lab
and get like my custom color because
they have to like look at these teeth
and then be like okay these should be
this color and they give me a custom
color so I have to go down to the lab
and at the same day I wanted to get my
temporaries done so I'd have the
temporaries on as short as possible
because I don't want temporaries I want
permanence right
I want my fucking crowns and so I set
that up but it took a while to setup and
the dentist's office kept kept like
pushing me to make a date so I choose
like oh whatever you can just make a
date and then later you can you know
change it if something happens and they
literally said this and then I make a
date and I have to change it and then
they like are like oh well we can't make
another date unless you unless you you
know pay first so I'm like okay that's
like kind of rude and makes me not want
to go there but I'll just pay whatever
and then I pay and they are like okay
now you can set the date and it's like
what the fuck you made me set a date in
the first place that I told you I might
change and then you're actually mad at
me like they actually give me a little
lecture like we've had to reschedule you
and so we're actually gonna make it so
you have to pay first like I'm not gonna
pay like I'm not gonna get this done I
was sitting there saying that like for
this money is not an option or money is
not an object it's gonna be like
something I have in my mouth for the
rest of my life something I'm gonna be
biting into apples with finally because
I haven't been able to bite into apples
since I was very young because of had
these fucking you know buildups on my
teeth that weren't actually real and
there's just like awful and one of them
was discoloring because I had a root
canal and it was all just like my life
has been like a clusterfuck of terrible
fucking you know experiences with dental
work and it's just been awful and like
oh people wonder why I'm so like
nonchalant about getting plastic surgery
but like plastic surgery is so much
easier than any of the dental work I've
had in my entire life like my root canal
was the single most like painful thing
I've ever had to endure in my literal
entire life it was the worst thing in
the world and it was fucking awful and
it was painful in the the fucking did
anesthesia didn't work it like the
general anaesthetic that I got just like
didn't work at all news like I was
fucking awful and so I'm just like
really frustrated at them not sending in
the thing when I've made it clear
thousand times and I'm very particular
about my teeth and I told them when I do
for a living I told them I'm on camera
for a living and that I care about that
kind of thing and that it's important
for me to get this done speedily and I
even like made sure to like change the
appointment with them so that I would
have the temporaries on less for a less
amount of time and it's just like oh my
god you just sent them out why all you
had to do was fucking send
email with scans or send whatever does
you could have done that the same day I
took them two fucking weeks to send it
out why so I'm like I debated like
calling and literally cussing them out
because like what the fuck but like
logically speaking out to take a step
back and be like okay does this affect
me yes it does affect me I want them to
have like do my teeth well and I want
everything to be fine so I have to be
like their little bitch for a while and
be really nice to them and then like
afterwards I'm gonna talk to them and I
want to like rape their mothers I don't
know like it's so frustrating when
someone is incompetent with their job
like I'm asking for a service and they
can't provide like if I oh it's just so
frustrating to me and it's so
frustrating to me that I feel like they
did it on purpose just because I told
them how particular I was about my teeth
and they they seem to really annoyed at
the level of perfection that I wanted
and I didn't feel like I was being
overbearing at all I was just like you
know I want them to be perfect like it's
very important to me that they're this
way and that way and I it's like I'm
always like that with everything like I
was like that with my boobs and my
plastic surgeon understood it's a part
of your changing yourself and like with
this in particular there's a there's a
practicality that needs to be there at
like I couldn't when I they finished the
temporaries I couldn't bite down
properly like my one of the teeth was
like too thick or something and like she
seemed really annoyed that she had to
like fucking shave that down for me like
she's like I'll do it as long as you
want but you know whatever and then I
like conceded to the fact that one of my
teeth was gonna be longer with the perm
in the temporary because she's like well
it's only gonna be two weeks and she
seemed really annoyed that she was
shaving down the tooth to match the
other tooth and I'm like yeah whatever
two weeks that's fine I guess I'll look
slightly weird to myself and you know no
one else will notice not that even
matters it just matters to me that
they're perfect so that's the second
thing that's been on my mind that
they've been really frustrating I
fucking love this shirt by the way I
love whoever bought it for me I don't
remember it's I think it was either
rubbers on her mark I would have to look
I actually keep records of that shit but
I fucking love this shirt actually I
think this is one of the ones that I
don't know who it came from because
usually I remember who bought me what
because I'm like so fucking grateful
that I get all this awesome stuff but um
the next thing I've been thinking about
is um I soar up and down that I would
never get lip injections again it's not
that I had a bad
a bad experience but it's that like it's
such a money sink like you have to do it
like every six months to keep it up and
yeah it's some residual like plumpness
stays forever so it's kind of like a
buildup thing but it's just not the most
practical way to get bigger lips and
I've um I should like actually probably
make a video on like my lip procedures
that I've had done and the certain like
lip things that I've done I don't even
think I have any pictures where I'm not
like accentuating my lips with like
makeup or whatever or Photoshop or
something I don't know what the fuck
when I was younger to show you what I
was working with the first but um
basically I went lip injections lip
injections this is too much money and
for not enough gain and then I did bio
diet and forget the name of it but it's
like a natural tissue that goes into
your skin too goes into your lips and
it's like an implant but it degrades
over time but it's like not supposed to
be every six months it's supposed to be
within years and they're supposed to be
also some residual plumpness so I had
like zero lips and now I'm left with
this and I've done that twice and now
I'm thinking that since I'm not happy
with the size I'm thinking about going
for actual like non-organic material and
you know my surgeon is really crazy
about having really nice and a really
nice and natural look for everything so
I'm not worried about like looking
retarded because I'm always like go fake
her go fake her and he's like are you
sure you won't fake her I dunno blonde
he has like this vision of like
naturalness that he wants and I'm like
fake her and then so we come to this
like this perfect middle ground I love
my surgeon by the way his name is dr.
Baxter in mottling Terrace in Washington
he's pretty cool it's worth the drive
it's kind of a far drive for me but it's
so much better than the big city doctors
and he like actually works on let's like
case by case when I went downtown
Seattle I was feeling a little bit like
I was in LA or something because they
were just like oh well we always put
this in girls so just yeah high profiles
this nut from my boobs and I was like oh
I don't want a surgeon that's just gonna
treat me like I'm one out of here's like
another one of these okay subject number
107 subject 17 fucking
Esmond miles or something up in here and
that's a Assassin's Creed reference if
you know I've been playing Assassin's
Creed lately but yeah I like the
attention that he pays to making my
fakeness look very natural and nice and
I appreciate that so I love him but um
I've been thinking about going with the
non-organic lips and I feel like it's
such a money sink to get injections but
I don't want to get any surgeries
anymore I don't want to go under the
knife until I'm at my perfect weight
because I feel like some of the things
that I want to do especially facially
and with my boobs if I ever do want to
let go bigger or whatever and this
certain like changes that I want to make
I want to make sure I'm at my perfect
weight so I know how weight will affect
things because like I don't want to get
a chin implant if I was gonna get a chin
implant or something with having like
extra weight on my face because I don't
know how it's gonna look and I don't
want to get new boobs without like
knowing how my skin and you know how
much breast tissue and like that I have
and so I'm waiting on all that but
something and I do feel like would be
nice as maybe like a little bit more
plumpness in my lips and that would like
you know would be like a nice look great
I don't know and I've also been having
like terrible convulsions where I want
to like once in a while I want to like
either change something with my hair get
a piercing or get a tattoo so I'm
thinking like do I want to get like
black tips in my hair or pink tips and
do I want to get like a septum piercing
do I want to get another tattoo where
would I get my tattoo and then thinking
about tattoos I'm thinking about like I
wanna I wanna fucking I can I show it
yet mine it my toes are awful right now
so blah but I have been thinking about
actually touching up my tattoo on my
foot I feel like there's a lot of like
restoration that needs to be done I was
supposed to go in and get a second
coloring of it after I got it initially
done because the color didn't stay as
well because that place is more of like
a dry area or whatever but I have no
idea who to go to that would be like a
really good tattoo artist that would
make my tattoo illustrious and luminous
and beautiful and bright and colorful so
I don't know if I can clue what I'm
gonna be doing but I am craving some
kind of upgrade and that's just
something that goes along with a being a
perfectionist I want to like keep
improving and right now I've been like
four
last couple years I've been focusing a
lot on my body instead of you know like
the fitness changes that I can make and
stuff and the makeup changes that I can
make but right now I'm feeling more like
I want a bigger change and last but not
least I know this is a really long vlog
and it's been really rambley and I've
been bitching about things but um I have
just been loving Assassin's Creed
syndicate I don't know if I talked to
you guys about it like about actually
having played it I know I said I was
gonna play it ever I was finally
finishing unity but oh my god the games
so fucking good ah dude I love the
fucking what are they called
um penny dreadfuls so dreadful crimes
the dreadful crimes like DLC you get
that's only for PlayStation 4 is like
the best thing in the world it's exactly
like murder mysteries it's like
everything I crave and there's only ten
of them and it makes me sad but oh my
god I love the game I love that you can
talk to Karl Marx Charles Dickens
fucking Charles Darwin there's so many
like it's it reminds me of the Ezio era
where you had you got to talk to like
fucking actual figures in history and
like spend time with them Leonardo da
Vinci and I fuckin love that and I feel
like the Assassin's actually have a real
story and it it goes with the whole like
you know killing off one big dude and
all of his lackeys before that in the
sequences and it just feels a lot like
the Assassin's Creed that I loved just
10 times better and the graphics are
fucking beautiful not that that's
everything about a game but I'm I'm just
in love it's why I took like three days
off other than the fact that I wasn't
feeling well I've been having headaches
a lot lately but I feel like that's
getting better now it might have just
been like a Loki sickness or something
but anyway fucking Assassin's Creed oh
I've also I'm on like a huge indie game
kick and on a huge like wanting to play
different games kick so I'm probably
gonna be doing more stream soon of like
different games like I've been telling
you guys I was gonna do it today but
with the black lips I don't want to have
to keep explaining in the comments why I
did that I just want it to be like a fun
thing that I explained on stream and
that is just over so I didn't want to do
too much content with the black lips but
this video is more chill for that and
look no roots
oh so awesome yeah okay I'm just feeling
I'm feeling happy today just kind of
annoyed at my dentist and I know a lot
of the things like I don't I don't
appreciates like I appreciate them I
appreciate where they're coming from the
comments that are like oh you look
beautiful without this or that or you
look beautiful with it and anything you
don't have to do this and that like it's
nice that you guys feel that way and I'm
really glad that I have people who feel
that way and it's very sweet and like aa
type of thing but it doesn't change
anything
it's like the changes that I make to
myself are for myself and I'm happy with
them and they make me happy and that is
literally all that matters you should
never change something about yourself if
you don't want to do it you should never
change something about yourself if
especially if it's invasive
if you don't strongly feel like it you
know what you have right now doesn't
portray who you are on the inside and I
feel better when I am a vision of my own
personal perfection which is just
ever-changing and like so much fun and
you should have fun with it you should
be in a good place emotionally so as
much as I appreciate the sentiment it
doesn't really matter and it's not gonna
change my opinions about what I think
should be happening but let's make a
sexy we're gonna make a sexy thumbnail
it's so hard to hold this big-ass phone
we're gonna make a sexy rock or
thumbnail for this cuz the lips I don't
know what I want to do
there we go I love you guys I'll see you
next week with a really long ass fucking
rambling vlog where now my throat hurts
I guess
