hey guys it's time to test some new
sample box flavors from my own personal
stash of course created at Danville box
calm based on my preferences for flavors
but first as always with these unboxings
I have a vaping related topic to talk
about popcorn long not very glamorous is
it well its supposedly a side effect to
vaping but I'm gonna drop a knowledge
bomb on you popcorn lung has only been
shown to be linked to digha settle which
is a chemical that no reputable eliquid
manufacturer would ever use more
importantly this chemical is found in
higher doses and cigarettes and there's
not even a one documented case of
popcorn lung and cigarette users so how
does that make any sense probably some
more bullshit propaganda by the
cigarette companies because they're
losing a fuck ton of money because
vaping is so much better and we're more
than likely less than a year away from
real FDA regulations on vaping so once
that kicks end they'll be forced testing
against I settle and no one can use it
so you're pretty much safe don't believe
everything you read in the media I
wouldn't back something up if I didn't
believe in it 100% and I honestly
believe that if you switch from
cigarettes to vaping the whole world
will be happy but don't just listen to
me do your own fucking research you sure
had to think for yourself and don't
believe everything you read now for the
fun part got my trusty rip asaurus to
open this box just like that open it up
and as always we have my tasting menu
right here Oh this month we have cool
peppermint and peach sweet green apple
menthol grape jolly rancher ooh cinnamon
apple waffles blueberry cream fruity
cereal and light vanilla cream and
caramel covered red apple and here's the
inside and all of its glory I've got to
go with the sweet green apple menthol so
poetically entitled Eve's mistake I like
that all right we go ahead and open it
it's got the safety cap open up my
trusty sub box and it's got a little
dropper instead of the reverse dropper
if that makes any sense to you guys fill
that baby up nevermind my nails I was
experimenting alright that looks like
enough 1 2 3 4 5 i'm gonna turn it up to
40 watts a moment of truth
so really really minty flavor with a
hint of green apple I would say it's
more mints than green apple remember
guys if you want money off your first
sample box or vaping related equipment
at sample box comm check in the
description because you can always get
money off with the promo code Tara later
in the month i'll be doing a giveaway so
if you want to try this stuff out but
you don't have the money right now that
will be for you I love giving away free
shit like a lot it's one of my favorite
things I implore you to please stop
smoking it's very unhealthy for you and
it's gross for everyone else and start
vaping you can slowly wean off nicotine
and it tastes so good and for people
like me it also works as an appetite
suppressant as well like the video
subscribe to the channel check in the
description and check out sample box
calm happy vaping guys see you next
month
bye I like how it's all like wet on my
nose oh there's a little car this is
happy holidays from the sample box crew
that's cute stickers everyone loves
stickers
