hey guys armed with nothing but my
trusty blade and really terrible looking
lipgloss we are going to endeavor upon
another Friday night Vale
hey guys ready I'm ready what could this
be
there's no idea ours poked the shit out
of myself you guys are always telling me
to close this when I'm not using it but
I can't listen bitch needs to be slapped
anyway let's open this package Oh what's
in it
one punch man this is like the second
most recommended thing to me ever
everyone's like one punch man one punch
man and now I get to read it finally
where did it come from do we know we
don't know thank you so much for the one
punch man manga I'm excited next we've
got something that actually makes a
noise when I shake it from amazon
fulfillment services what a surprise
let's get it open what is this
amazonbasics head strap camera mounts
okay so I saw something that was bought
on my wish list and I didn't think
anyone would ever buy it but someone
actually bought me a GoPro which is
exciting because I can like document my
entire day or I can document like magic
tournaments that I go to and like my
matches oh I dropped it and I can do it
all wearing this ridiculous head strap
do you want to see things from the eyes
of Terry Babcock Oh probably not or
maybe I'll strap it this far away from
me pointing at my chest and then I can
be like a day worth of tera boobie
jiggles and just post that for
fanservice Friday feel like people would
actually watch the whole thing
I haven't probably watched the whole
thing moving on we've got this item I
feel like it's a video game I've no idea
let's open it it's got more these pulley
things I like makes life easier oh my
god it's a video game what'd I tell you
I hate it when they detached from the
package and then like roll around inside
Giana Sisters twisted dreams directors
cuts this looks pretty sick contains
rise of the overlord and holiday DLC
runs in crisp 1080p and 60fps
award-winning soundtrack there's a cute
little turret on the back she looks like
me
when I was younger it's been a while
since I've played through something cute
and not either depressing or incredibly
violent so this should be a nice change
of pace thank you I believe this is from
rubber town you're a good boy rubber
tongue next I know this is books it's
always like this when it's books I
learn to be able to predict what I'm
going to get Oh oh my god
volume two and three of Tokyo ghoul oh
so many people recommended this to me
and then a lot of people started hating
on it saying that it was like cheap
teenag bonus but really this she looks
so fucking good I'm in manga heaven
maybe it should be like manga Rita long
does this thing it would be cool
thank you I'm super hyped ghouls live
among us the same as no people in every
way except their craving for human flesh
human flesh bird what anyone eat that I
would eat that why nots funny I'm a
vegan and I'm probably more okay with
eating human flesh than most people
zombie Tara when it was on me Tara would
still be hot I think it would be pretty
similar to Tara without makeup in the
morning we goal to name as one bull
finally I used for my box cutter dude
you just dropped my box cutter half-open
danger excites me oh my god on top we
have a 32 gigabyte high-performance
micro SD card with the adapter which is
always a good thing
I fucking love SD cards I have a lot of
them because I do a lot of video
creation and something even better a
GoPro Hero Edition this is fucking
awesome I've wanted a GoPro for like a
really long time but I never really had
the extra money and I didn't really have
a clear vision for what I wanted to do
with it so you guys have to post in the
comments what you want me to do with my
new GoPro possibilities are endless
magic matches for the gaming channel a
day in the life of Tara first person
first person glow job I've literally
never seen a female's point of view
blowjob it would just be like hilarious
but not effective as a pornographic
source anyway this camera is integrated
into a rugged waterproof housing
built-in microphone and ultra wide-angle
glass lens and it's a hundred and eleven
grams so it says that it records in
1080p 30fps but I actually think this
one only records video in 720p I could
be wrong
either way I'm excited thank you so much
there's actually no indication in the
box who got this for me but you are a
fucking god this is an expensive piece
of equipment that I can use to make
countless different types of vlogs and
other forms of content which makes me so
fucking excited any upgrades I get to my
equipment so happy connection called ego
so thank you for my new GoPro
and last but not least we have a box
from Steven F open cetera oh this is
actually not from Steven fuller this is
from rubber tongue who found this on the
internet and thought it would be perfect
for me which it is oh my god check this
out
how funny was sexy is this hot pink
military hat so exactly right am i right
I'm totally right
would you guys salute to me in this now
I need like a latex dress to go with it
don't you guys think maybe the one I got
last time I just bought some black lip
cream today maybe we could do a whole
like creepy gothic look on stream or
something or for a video fanservice
Friday yeah all right guys you are so
fucking amazing there's nothing better
than you guys and the support you give
to me whether it is just watching my
videos sending me cards or sending me
gifts you guys are just like beyond I'm
floored every single episode that you
guys are so fucking awesome and every
time I read comments it's like my
favorite thing to do when I'm laying in
bed I'm not feeling well out and get
headaches from all the bright lights and
overworking that I'm doing of myself and
your comments just oh the best thing in
the world I think I can love you guys so
much like the video subscribe to the
channel post in the comments and don't
forget to check out my description where
there's a lot of like money off stuff
also links to things like Tara's
Instagram and my livestream which I'm on
almost every night you can watch them
play games live alright guys I love you
so much
I cannot stop saying it I love you I
love you I love you I'm like the clingy
creepy girlfriend that just won't leave
you alone but that's just because you
guys are so fucking awesome to me see
you guys in two weeks for a new Friday
night mail drive-by fanservice you're
welcome you're always welcome
