hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
sex ed with Tara how do you feel about
the glasses I feel like I want a more
teachery look what I'm doing these if I
had a bigger place I would have a whole
different set for each segment that I do
Oh
who dreams are made of anyway this week
I have 11 sex myths that I personally
hand-picked as ones that aren't the most
obvious fucking things in the world
these are actually gonna be interesting
for you guys
hopefully I was watching a video
recently on sex myths and a lot of them
are really stupid like one was like did
you know that old people actually still
have sex oh my god how useful that is
for me not solely these ones will be
interesting and useful for you guys
let's go myth number one is you can tell
a woman is a virgin if her hymen is
intact or she bleeds the win initially
penetrated this is just incorrect a
woman can Popper Terry in many different
ways any number of physical activities
like riding a bike horseback riding
aerobics or gymnastics can break the
hymen as well as masturbation
additionally many women are naturally
born with bigger holes in the hymen
meaning that they can be penetrated and
it doesn't break the hymen think of it
as a thin skin kind of like nylons or
stockings that doesn't necessarily break
but more like stretches and this could
cause pain or a little bit of spotting
blood during the first time she had sex
but this is definitely not something
that always happens all girls are
different some girls have no pain or
bleeding at all personally I didn't have
any pain or bleeding my first time it
was awkward though myth number two is
women who have sex with multiple men are
looser than women who have sex with one
man this is a huge and very obvious I
might add logical fallacy how could she
be looser it's the same amount of sex to
further and accurately break this myth
let's further look at the statement
women who have a lot of sex are looser
than women who have no sex or little sex
this thing is often used to slut-shame
women but in reality it actually doesn't
make any sense either oh you're such a
whore your pussy must be so loose nope
not a thing the vagina is designed to be
extremely elastic within a few hours it
goes back to its natural tightness yes
no matter how big the penis how often
the sex or poor if it is a woman's
tightness actually only has to do with
her biology ethnicity size and other
factors and actually has zero to do with
how quote/unquote slutty she is a woman
even goes back to a relative natural
tightness after childbirth myth number
three is you can't get a girl pregnant
on her period this is most definitely
not true you can still get a girl
magnet right before during or after her
period also sperm can live in the vagina
or cervix for many days
so menstrual mapping isn't really a good
form of contraceptive use condoms and
birth control all month round it's just
safer that way
myth number four is you can't get STDs
from oral sex while it's true that the
risk is lower through your oral orifices
try to say that five times fast
you definitely can still get STDs
through oral sex no one wants herpes on
their mouth take care to watch out for
open sores either on the genitalia or
the mouth and ask your new partners to
get tested before you engage in any
sexual activity additionally get tested
yourself if you have any new sexual
partners of any kind myth number five is
women are biologically less interested
in sex than men this is actually not
entirely true a sexually satisfied woman
is a happy woman look at that smile this
is actually more of a societal issue
than a biological one women are
typically berated for being sexually
open or enjoying sex just look at the
comments of any of my videos being
raised to think that you have to repress
your sexuality or only have sex with one
person your entire life on top of many
women not really understanding how their
bodies even work makes up most of the
common notion that women aren't actually
interested in sex as much as men that
being said men do biologically have
higher levels of testosterone meaning
that they're more aggressive and have a
higher sex drive but everyone's
different
I have higher sex drive than most guys I
know trust me myth number six is all
women are size queens a size Queen is
someone who really really likes big
penises and as much of a size Queen I am
that doesn't mean that all women are
like that in fact I found that I'm the
minority when caring about my partner's
large size men seem to care about it
more than women do a general rule is
that a woman can be happy as long as
it's around that Ridge size I even know
a girl who likes really small penis
there's someone for everyone
large penises can even be painful and
can miss the mark and a woman's vagina
completely meaning that an average penis
might actually be more enjoyable for
most women the saying it's not the size
of the penis but the motion in the ocean
or whatever the fuck actually rings true
it is not just something of men with
little penises say to make themselves
feel better myth number seven your
girlfriend will come from vaginal
intercourse alone studies show that a
whopping 75% of women cannot get off
through vaginal intercourse alone this
means that for most women
play is extremely important guys make
sure that your goal is satisfied before
you roll over and fall asleep and pro
tip if you do this you'll actually want
to have sex more often because she's
actually coming thankfully though I
personally am one of the minority that
can come from vaginal intercourse alone
Thank You vagina myth number nine sex is
great exercise contrary to how sweaty
and spent you feel afterwards it's
actually terrible exercise with an
average session only bring like twenty
calories I know what you're thinking the
average is probably comprised of a bunch
of passionate slow starfish sex which is
probably true but even the most rigorous
session only burdens about a hundred
calories that's not a lot and is no
replacement for actual exercise the
reason it feels like such a workout is
because your climaxing there's
endorphins emotions and everything going
on it feels a lot harder than it is
other than burning calories though sex
is a lot of health benefits so don't
write it off for that myth number ten
your girlfriend's headache is a good
excuse to not have sex
actually sex relieves headaches and a
lot of other physical ailments again
because of the feel-good endorphins
released while you're having it when I'm
nauseated I have a headache I prefer to
have sex cuz as soon as I start getting
into it it's all gone at least for a
little bit having sex also has many
lasting health benefits physical and
psychological so have more sex what's
and myth number eleven forceful
squirting like you see in porn isn't a
girl peeing and it's actually a girl
ejaculating I know I know I'm sorry to
burst your bubble boys but what you see
in porn isn't a very very liquidy
version of a girl actually coming it's
just pee I know you've all seen the
studies that say that there's a
substance similar to that found in male
semen in the female squirting well of
course there is let me explain to you
why women actually secrete a very
viscous liquid in their vaginas in order
to lubricate for intercourse if you pee
while you're aroused of course some of
it is gonna be ejaculate I never trust
studies anyway they're always worded in
a way to make you believe a certain way
for instance the porn industry pangs
that you keep watching squirting porn
other studies say that's one protein
away from being completely urine which
is probably more accurate I honestly
can't believe anyone believes that a
woman can exert such force in such
liquidy stuff and that's actually her
ejaculating really guys come on think
with your actual heads
even looks like pee same consistency and
everything and I know you've had some
pornstar behind the scenes or some
ex-girlfriend say that it actually
wasn't P why would they tell you the
truth this line makes complete sense to
me so why is squirting so sexy and so
popular in porn well I mean it's pretty
simple otherwise it's hard to tell if a
woman's faking an orgasm or not so you
can't tell if you're a girlfriend or the
porn star in the porn is actually
enjoying the sex that sucks but with
squirting you have hardcore visual proof
that she's enjoying it
which is why it's so popular personally
having to pee make sure orgasms a lot
more intense that's probably where the
first person who ever squirted got it
from she was like oh I have to pee but
you know this actually feels a lot
better and then she goes to climax and
she like can't hold it anymore and just
squirts all over her lover and then
she's like oh I must have ejaculated
just like you you know a lot more watery
and pee like so now you guys have to
think twice before you make fun of me
for enjoying water sports and sex at
least I'm honest about what it is Wow
that last one could have been a whole
video within itself anyway like the
video subscribe to the channel and post
in the comments what you want me to go
over next time in sex ed also did you
learn anything from this it was anything
a little bit different than you expected
and was there anything that would be
really helpful that I miss let me know
and as always keep fucking a little bit
more informed than you were before
bye guys
