hey guys so I plan on having the sample
box unboxing for January up today but
then I realized that I plugged in my sub
box last night completely incorrectly
and today it was just dead
so I'm retarded but today we have a cool
topic that I thought about while I was
trying to fall asleep last night and
that is the downfall of having big boobs
more particularly big fake boobs but I'm
also gonna go over the differences
between big regular natural boobs and
big fake boobs so a lot of people think
that we have a lot of back pain I don't
get any back pain from my boobs my boobs
collectively as you know as far as the
implant goes is only three pounds total
and that means that there's probably
only like one pound total other than
that because I was naturally like a
b-cup or something so it's not that
heavy and I don't get any back pain from
it the issue that I've heard where women
with big boobs get back pain is the
rotund women who have really really big
natural boobs made of fat and those are
significantly more heavy and can be up
to 20 pounds each I've heard and yeah I
can see how that can cause some back
pain issues also a lot of women with
bigger boobs are also just bigger women
in general and that means that they're
probably if you can extrapolate the data
not going to the gym and keeping you
know their lower back tight and their
core strong and all that stuff and a lot
of those things can contribute to having
back pain I was gonna write this shit
down but then I didn't so hopefully I
can go over everything well I'm so
excited because I fucking got a bunch of
new games on Steam and I also finally
finished unity and I'm playing syndicate
right now and syndicate is so fucking
amazing the murder mysteries the
dreadful crimes or whatever are like
even better and it's like my favorite
side quest ever the murder mysteries
from unity so I'm like super excited and
all I want to do is go stream and play
League for a while and then go out and
play fucking Assassin's Creed so I'm
sorry if I'm a little scatterbrained
today but anyway um another thing that
people think is that you can't really
work out or it's really hard to do
cardio this is perpetuated a lot by
Carmen Electra a few years back or like
I think I was like 10 years back she
created the the striptease workout and
it was like a video set of things
marketed toward when
with the fact that she couldn't work out
because she has big boobs now she's like
5 foot 3 I'm 5 foot 4 she has a deep
deep cup and I have a double D cup and
she's saying she can't work out now at
my peak fitness I was running 5 miles a
day at about 5 and a half to 6 miles per
hour and I've never had a problem and
this is when I also had fake boobs and
it's not that big of a deal so I don't
really see why having bigger fake boobs
would deter you from running if you have
big boobs and you have a problem with
running just wear two sports bras or an
underwire bra but the sports bar over
the top that's what I do and there is no
issue there's no you know extra bouncing
there's no back pain issues and you know
if you have even bigger boobs then go
ahead and get a smaller size sports bra
or wear three sports bras whatever
there's no excuse for not working out
because you have big boobs I can attest
to this and I don't see any issue with
it especially with implants like Carmen
Electra has so I think it's but just
like a marketing ploy that she wanted to
you know market her products or whatever
to people and have an excuse for acting
slutty hey I'm all for acting slutty I
think it's so much fun to act slutty I
think it's so much fun to be in touch
with your sexuality and striptease if
that's the way you do it that's fucking
awesome but I think it's kind of
disingenuous when she says her reason
for doing so is some kind of like Oh
moral high-ground reason when it's not
even an applicable reason in my opinion
because I myself have bigger fake boobs
and have no problem with it I think
regular cardio is just the best way to
go there's no reason to add some
frou-frou to it when all you have to do
is watch your clerk intake and expend
more than you take in and it's just like
the easiest thing in the world that's
all you have to do and I know it can be
sometimes harder said than done because
people like food a lot but you don't
even necessarily have to work out
especially cardio wise in order to lose
fat it's just not something that's as
necessary as watching your caloric
intake and making sure that you expend
more however so maybe just by your
resting fucking heart rate expending
more calories than you take and you just
have to eat the correct amount and
that's it so the next thing you have to
change your fake boobs every 5 to 10
years it's been 10 years I think now for
me no wait it's been like eight seven or
eight years since I've got my fake boobs
I think if I'm doing the math
correctly and I haven't had any issues
the only reason people change their fake
boobs is like aside from maybe one
rupturing which doesn't really happen
anymore unless you're doing some crazy
shit like you can run over those things
with a semi and there's no big deal
people get new ones because they want to
go bigger or because you know they start
to sag and they're getting older or
because they just want like you know a
fresh look you should change them I
would say every 15 to 20 years but
that's like not a constraint at all
because if you are able to pay for it
like 20 years ago you probably can later
and it's not it's no more than an
aesthetic problem really like you just
want to make sure that you're if you're
getting fake boobs and spending that
much money on it that you're maintaining
it and looking as best as you possibly
can and your best vision of perfection
because you know obviously you're that
kind of person if you're getting plastic
surgery and you want to look your best
so um it's not usually a necessity to
get your fake boobs redone every five to
ten years it's not really a huge issue
um another thing people ask me is if I
can sleep on my stomach I can definitely
sleep on my stomach I didn't like to do
it before and I don't like to do it now
but occasionally I'll lay that way for a
while it's not that big of a deal the
only problem that you might see is that
like you're you're stretching your skin
a little bit or something and it might
be uncomfortable to you but you can
definitely do it breast feeding is
another thing you can definitely
breastfeed when you have implants it's
just putting a basically a prosthetic
inside your body underneath the breast
tissue underneath everything all the
ducts that make it so that you can
breastfeed it has nothing to do with
anything it doesn't ruin anything and
the next thing is sensitivity in the
boobs now I'm going towards the
Augmented side and rather than just the
big boob side but um as far as nipple
sensitivity you should not have any
problems if you do have problems they
should return to normal after a bit it
just means that the surgeon was bad
basically and nicked your nerves and if
you lose sensitivity or change
sensitivity altogether and that major
surgeon was just bad and didn't know
what to avoid or something and it's very
rare and it's not something that I've
ever I've had a problem with my
sensitivity hasn't changed at all since
I got my implants it's just the same
thing you can have fun with them it's
Rajan is owned it's great yeah and
there's no real difference so you can
stop worrying about that what are other
big boob problems finding a bra to fit
into so a lot of people don't know how
to fit have like the the specifications
of a woman's bra so let me try to
explain it to you it's kind of confusing
but once you get it it's kind of just
obvious as fuck so um
36 C is the same cup size as a 34d okay
so the the band is the number so 36 is
the band that would be like an
average-sized woman it gets smaller like
34 is a smaller size woman I have a rib
cage of like 32 or 34 right but I can
wear like a 36d and just put it on the
tightest clasp and that's the same as a
34 double D because the cup raises in
size with the band size and this is
because most women who have bigger boobs
are just bigger women in general when
you're talking about natural boobs
because you it's kind of like a genetic
anomaly if you're a skinny girl with
really big boobs it's not really
something that you see often it's kind
of like a it doesn't really make any
sense especially because you have breast
tissue a normal-sized amount of breast
tissue but if you're gonna have DS or
double D's that are natural it's mostly
fat so um that's something that a bra
company is just used you know like a
bigger cup size for a bigger you know
girl basically and so the usually bras
on the back have like three clasps it's
like three tightness 'iz and the middle
tightness is what the bra actually is so
it's a 36 right but you can go smaller
to a 34 you can go bigger to a 38 so
this can work to your advantage and I've
never had any problems I've never had to
buy any you know custom bras or anything
and I'm like almost didn't I'm like an e
F right now almost because I gained a
little bit of weight like a couple years
ago so like 30 like in-between double D
and F is what I am and I can buy clothes
at Victoria's Secret
Hustler Hollywood anywhere I basically
buy most of my bras at Victoria's Secret
pink which is the the like teenager girl
version because I like the like pretty
polka-dots and stuff and I have a bunch
of like brown pan
that's that I used for modeling from
that and there's not really a big issue
once you know that you can go up or down
a size and things will fit differently
so the bigger the so if how can I
explain this so like a 34 double D is a
smaller cup like an actual smaller cup
than a 36 double D and that would be the
same as a 34 F if that makes any sense
so um hopefully that makes a little bit
of sense and might help some girls ups
and a lot of girls that don't know that
as well but when I was looking around to
getting my for my implants you know I
was uh I was in a lot of forms I was
asking a lot of questions and I was like
obsessed with it because I wanted to
make sure that I was 100% ready
emotionally physically and
knowledge-wise that I had all the
knowledge that I could procure possible
to whether or not I should be doing this
and how I want to do it and what you
know how many cc's I have a lot of
people ask me how many cc's I have have
five hundred and seventy-five CCS
I'm thinking about maybe going up a
little bit higher to like 700 something
cc's at some point but that's only you
know if I start to dislike the
aesthetics of my boobs that I have right
now I really like the size that I have
right now but when I get really skinny I
would rather have them a little bit
bigger if that makes any sense
um it's all its nuances and I haven't
had any actual problems with with
finding bras with working out or
anything it's all just something you
kind of adapt to I went from like an A
/b cup to a big C overnight because I
got the the Philipp ones that fill
throughout an amount of time then the
fill ports taken out so I started out a
C and went to a double D so that I
wouldn't have any complications and I
didn't feel any different it didn't feel
like it inhibited me at all and it
wasn't really an issue and the last
thing I wanted to talk about is bras can
be deceiving a lot of people think that
you know the girls that are saying that
they don't have fake boobs like have
natural boobs and they're like oh well I
like those natural boobs but those
natural boobs don't necessarily exist
big natural boobs will not defy gravity
like fake boobs will when you take off a
bra so they might look good in a bra but
they don't usually without a bra and
that's why I don't really like natural
big boobs a lot of people act like oh
you had to go fake that sucks and it's
like a hipster thing to say right now
just say that you don't like fakeness or
you don't like fake boobs because like
if you like the way my boobs look and
you find out they're fake there's really
no difference how does that make a
difference to you it's only like some
weird psychological thing that you have
in your head where you know society is
telling you right now the natural is in
and natural is beautiful but if you like
what you see or you like how you are
just fucking go with it it doesn't
matter if it's fake or natural or not
everyone has their still boobs they
still feel like boobs itself skin on
them and you know breast tissue and real
nipples and all of these things and
doesn't actually change anything so in
my opinion fake all the way because it
just looks more perfect better and you
know better than natural basically um
but the last thing I want to talk about
is finding clothes so at first I thought
it would be hard to find clothes but I
am I feel so sexy in cleavage shirts and
it's so comfortable to wear them so I
get like these like really elastic
cleavage shirts and I wear it size extra
small or small like it's not hard to
find shirts I almost exclusively shop in
Abercrombie Hollister and Gilley Hicks
those three are both look pretty much
the same company but most of the shirts
that they make for women are really like
stretchy and really high-quality so like
I can wear a cleavage shirt that shows
my boobs nicely and isn't too tight on
my boobs and doesn't make me feel
uncomfortable and it's also tight on my
arms and my waist and stuff and I don't
have an issue with that any other like
kind of clothing I wear I'm not
comfortable in because you know I want
to be sexy it's fun to be sexy I like
being sexy and I'm actually gonna make a
more cleavage based video soon whenever
I get the chance about the truth about
cleavage for like in particular the
gaming scene like the gaming scene
always hates people who show cleavage or
whatever and I'm gonna talk about why I
do it and why it makes perfect sense and
why it shouldn't affect anything and it
has nothing to do with my status as a
gamer it's just one attribute about me
one attribute of thousands you know like
my favorite color is pink and you know I
like having cleavage and looking sexy I
also have played video games my entire
life since before the incursion of that
trade of mine that I'm liking to be sexy
like that's something I got later on in
life and to try to discredit me as a
gamer because of the clothes that I wear
or my look is like really like people
bitch so much about me being shallow or
but they're the ones that are actually
judging my inside personal appearance
you know my my inside who I really am
based on my appearance and it's kind of
like hypocritical to be like oh you care
too much about your appearance I only
care to judge you on your appearance and
that just doesn't make any sense to me
I like looking hot I like playing games
they're mutually exclusive and there's
no problem with that at all and people
who see that as a problem or people who
are either ignorant or can't get out of
like a stereotype themselves and that's
kind of sad so yeah um hopefully this
doesn't get too heavy I just wanted to
make a video because a lot of people
have been asking me does your back hurt
a lot is it hard to run and I had a my
friend to mess and pie you might know
him if you've watched a stream but he
was asking me his girlfriend says that
her boobs are too big to run and I was
like that's fucking bullshit she's
making excuses and he was like sticking
up for her butt face it's excuses don't
make excuses did you have big boobs
don't like talk about having big boobs
is something that like oh I can't do
this next that big boobs I can't find
shirts or bras but it can work out just
fine go to the gym okay all right I will
have the sample box thingy up in a few
days probably on my day off Thursday or
my day off Saturday because you know
it's supposed to be today but I don't
want to take away from a different day
to put it up so just extra videos for
the week yeah don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel thank you
so much for watching you guys are
fucking amazing and check in the
description because you get a bunch of
money off for a bunch of different
things I have codes that you can get
money off for and that's pretty cool
also check me out on instagram mr. ham
comm / Tara Babcock twitch.tv slash Tara
Babcock I'm live almost every night and
my gaming channel which is the most
important thing the world to me
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games
thank you so much bye guys
I'm feeling dorky today I'm just excited
to play syndicate ah fight bye bye this
time for real well
