hey guys it's time for my weekly phone
vlog I have no place to put my arm what
the fuck is this okay um I don't know
from what angle to record things at
because everything is all crazy and
these are like fucking presents and
things down here that I haven't put away
and like a bunch of garbage and stuff
and this is where I film and I've moved
the softbox down so it's actually
illuminating my face you can see me
which is not necessarily a good thing
right now because for some reason that
I'm having a bout of bad skin again
which I thought I was fucking done with
like Jesus Christ I started on the birth
control pill again and then I had like
perfect skin and now I'll Smoove over
here yeah and now I'm back to having
occasional like shitty ski and I think
it's around my period time which you
know makes sense but still I'm gonna
fucking adults that's the good thing
about being an adult man is that you
don't have to deal with shitty skin
right I mean that's one of the perks at
least today we're going to talk about um
I'm actually gonna have a semi topic for
this one but I want to address how I
feel about new year's resolutions and
also my new year's resolutions if you
want to call them that I think like with
most traditions the new year's
resolutions and all that are kind of
silly and are often counterproductive
and if you're one of those people who
can only console yourself to make a
change in your life when there's some
kind of time that you should be doing
that when it's tradition to do so then
you're probably not the kind of person
that's going to be sticking to it and
therefore it just like it's a hundred
percent counterproductive and kind of
stupid I like that there is a time where
people at least try to change their
lives because some people will make
adjustments and will change their lives
and then things will actually improve
for them and that's good and it's fine
if someone derives motivation from some
stupid thing like a tradition so don't
get me wrong if there's someone who had
a New Year's tradition to completely you
know lose like 500 pounds and then did
it or to you know start a business and
then did it that's fucking great and I
applaud you but I just really think that
mostly most change comes from people
really wanting to change and then just
doing it for themselves and it has
nothing to do with the time of year and
it has nothing to do with anything else
and people derive motivation from a
bunch of different things but um usual
most of it has to come from within
yourself and you have to really want to
do it and it can't just be something
that you feel socially obligated to do
because of the time of year so that's
kind of why I think New Year's
resolutions are stupid and in that vein
my new year's resolutions are to just
continue improving my content it's like
not something that needs to be done at
this time of year it's just something
that always needs to be done in
something that I always want to do and
so some of the things that I have on the
roster for changing most of it is like
directed at the gaming channel because
the gaming channel is kind of stagnated
a little bit and I realized that just
posting the two different types of Let's
Plays doesn't really do it for like
ninety percent of my viewership and
ninety percent of my subscribers so the
whole adding different things like more
unboxings more lists videos I have one
going up on the gaming channel on I
think sunday that's a list of my ten I
feel like I'm smelling blood like like I
might get a nosebleed or something which
is very rare for me it's weird it's
uncomfortable but anyway um it's you
guys you guys were so hot you're causing
a Japanese nosebleed like oh so hot
fucking boobies and shit right um but
anyway um what the fuck was I talking
about oh yeah um the list video is gonna
be 20 hottest men games not in gaming in
games and gaming would be more like
streamers and stuff and there are many
hot guys in gay in gaming to be honest
like there are more hot gamers who
aren't making a living off of it then
there are hot gamer personalities which
is kind of counterintuitive because when
you think of the entertainment industry
you think of all of the most attractive
versions of real life situations like
actors they're all like in every show
especially in America not as much in
like on BBC and that's not big black
cock that's as always my entire life
been british broadcasting channel
motherfuckers you guys are fucking weird
I can't even talk about BBC anymore I
can't even talk about how I grew up
watching monty python or talking about
sherlock right now or anything like that
without people being like big black hawk
russia looks big black cock that's not
what I'm talking about ah but anyway um
it's um all I gonna say why the fuck did
I go on for the tangent for big black
cockles I fucking
my arm is getting tired ah this fucking
phone is like bigger and therefore
harder for me to hold things with or
whatever um oh yeah so list videos like
top 10 glitches and games i'm going to
do more highlights of like glitches and
things on my ps4 which should be cool
because you get a lot more of the
mainstream games in there as well like
Assassin's Creed uh and i'm just gonna
do more playing indie games and
different games and trying out games so
i have like the huge array of games that
i want to be playing on there and i
started by doing a losing my opportunity
of my i have like it's like a four-part
steam spree i went on this team spree
and spent like 50 bucks and then I again
today spent like 15 bucks on like three
games i bought bully but league it's a
game I'm about like that I think you go
against the bullies in the game I don't
know it came out like a long time ago
and I remember hearing about it being
like oh we should play it and then Jay
and I never played it and I saw it on
the Steam sale for like really cheap I'm
like maybe it's seven to play it and it
sucks that I have this inkling to do
less plays of games that are like old or
games that people don't know about and
like it sucks that my most of my viewers
and most of the subscribers on youtube
in general or just interested in like
more mainstream games and I'm hoping
that I can kind of be the departure from
that and play all different types of
games and sometimes I'll play you know
popular games because I am interested in
popular games and mainstream games it's
just that there's so many great indie
games and you know my highlight of my
life was playing retro games as a child
not like right now where you know I have
like ten favorite franchises and I play
all those but what I really want to be
doing is just you know trying out new
indie games and reliving my childhood
basically and i also love playing things
you know like the the new fucking metal
your solids that come out and Assassin's
Creed's right now I'm finally finished
with unity I just have to do the dead
Kings DLC and then I'm on to syndicate
which is going to be fucking awesome but
the thing about playing my favorite
franchises on stream is that I would
rather just relax on the couch and not
have to worry about spoilers not have to
worry about anything like that for my
first playthrough so usual
Lee if I'm going to be playing one of my
favorite franchises is not going to be
when it just came out because I want to
get the the full playthrough and private
first and then play it for you guys and
often that just doesn't pan out because
it's already like not a popular game
anymore people don't want to see it
something I'm thinking about doing is
let's plays of the assassins creed
chronicles series because it's like a
side-scroller and fucking love side
scrollers and i love this house is Crede
and that way I can get the lure of the
smaller games and maybe I'll do like
liberation or something on stream as
well or I mean on youtube as well but
yeah no more talk about fucking games
man I feel so bad that I constantly talk
about games the point is my new year's
resolution and my everyday resolution is
to just keep continuing improving my
content I want to improve my editing and
I want to do more editing and make that
things just more professional and look
great i have a huge hard-on for fucking
quality quality production quality like
i really i really love production
quality i love high production quality
I've always been that way when i first
started streaming a lot of people think
i'm like new they come into my stream
and i like s in that case each on but
I've been streaming for three and a half
years and i was one of like three girls
that streamed at the time i was the only
one that had cleavage and i was like one
of the first that was like you know
actually sexual and came from like a
background of modeling and you know like
that's like a thing in League of Legends
now and everyone assumes that I came
from that era of just like that's what
the popular thing to do is let's do it
i'm a big gamer and like that's not me
at all i've been doing it since before
any of them it's just that i was popular
in a game that wasn't that isn't popular
anymore and i was popular in a game that
didn't really have any girls and um i am
not as popular as i was in league of
legends it's just more like a secondary
thing that i do the stream and then I'll
you know play retro games or whatever so
um it's kind of funny that back then no
one had good production quality I'm like
shaking a lot i'm sorry i worked out
today and often when I work out like
really hard my my body doesn't want to
like work it's like nah girl I'm not
gonna hold shit bitch I already did my
workout for today so I was like the
first person that had like overlays for
myself that wasn't like a professional
gamer I was one of the first people that
had like a really
nice layout page before they change the
layouts and like I wanted to have
everything really professional and I've
always like I'm always improving like
anytime I think of something that I can
do to improve it I do it because I just
it's it's like a hobby to me just kind
of like I'm perfecting my parents that's
a hobby too um and another new year's
resolution that I've been working on for
months is um getting back to my perfect
weight and it's been nice having a
treadmill at home I can like work out
every single day and it feels great and
I can catch up on more time doing more
cardio I can catch up on more other
YouTube videos and stuff and that's
where the the desire to do the video
about nine annoying youtuber habits came
from so I'm going to post in the
comments um the nine annoying youtuber
habit things and I'm also going to post
well this comes out on Monday yeah so
I'm also going to be posting in the
comments the 20 hottest guys in games
and I would like it if you guys would
check that stuff out because I've been
working really hard on it it's funny
because my game released news if you
haven't checked that out you should also
check that out too it's like everything
that's coming out this month that has
any merit mainstream and indie there's a
lot of really cool indie games coming
out this month and that's why I bought
one of them called um I bought it the
day it released called was it call to
kill the kill the plumber kill it kill
the plumber and it's like it's like a
mario knockoff but you play as like the
goombas and the things that kill mario
and you have to kill mario to advance
each stage and i think that's really
awesome and it's also it kind of
bothered it has 100% controller
compatibility which i fucking love i
grew up using controllers and joysticks
so it's very awkward to me still even
after being platinum and Starcraft even
after playing World of Warcraft for
years even after playing like two years
now of League of Legends it's still
awkward to me to use a fucking keyboard
over a controller but I understand the
there's limitations to the skill cap for
games that use a controller in my
opinion a lot of people would argue that
things like call of duty and stuff are
better played with a controller or
better played on a console that I
disagree with that so there's that but
anyway I'm sorry that i rambled so much
about games the games are a huge part of
my life and I'm just really excited for
the future always whether or not it's
the middle of the year the begin
of the year in the end of the year and
if you guys need you know new year's
resolutions to get shit done you know
fucking get shit done do whatever works
for you it doesn't matter it as long as
you're fuckin happy and as long as
you're making improvements but for me it
just seems kind of silly and overplayed
to see the gym full right after New
Year's and then to see the gym be empty
two months later and it's just kind of
sad like why not just not even do it at
that point but there are people who get
greatness from it and drive you know
improvements in their lives and that
makes me happy and pot what the fuck am
I talking about sometimes I just say the
stupidest fucking shit I don't know I
still have the same see look at that
fucking bad skin why does this happen to
me it's fucking awful there's no way
it's no surefire way to actually cover
bad skin with makeup unless you do like
a like an actual um like like
prosthetics basically also I haven't
tanned so ignore my splotchy skin I'm
not old I'm just I haven't and so it's
splotchy I need to like rub it off and
then redo it but um I didn't know that
the tanning salon was closed on like New
Year's Eve in New Year's so I'm gonna go
tomorrow and that's gonna be nice I hate
these days well I don't hate them it
doesn't matter really it's just like I
prefer the days where I feel like I'm
optimal tara babcock right now today I
don't feel like I'm optimal tara babcock
i'm glad i got my workout in and stuff
but i'm feeling not my one hundred
percent attractive like i need to get my
hair done obviously you can see the
dirty blonde roots coming out um and I
always feel sluggish and little when I
have like bad skin and it's getting
close to my period so it's kind of like
me but it doesn't like it doesn't deter
me from having fun with things that I
want to have fun with and I'm also going
to start on stream so if you don't watch
my stream you should watch my stream
twitch TV / tara babcock I'm gonna start
doing days where i actually just play a
bunch of indie games because I had so
much fun doing that last week and
sometimes the stress of league and the
stress of just feeling like I need to
keep playing to improve is overwhelming
and its really nice to just take a step
back from that and you know play some
indie games and try out some new games
and just laugh and have fun with my
viewers so I really appreciate
everything you guys do
me and I'm sorry that I'm a little bit
behind on my patreon stuff but I never
get behind on usually I never get behind
on saying thank you for a new pledge
sending out I never get behind on
sending out the autographed images and
yeah and I have giveaways going on all
the time for example box and for kinguin
so a lot of like games give given away
and helping people quit smoking feels
great everything's just wonderful I love
you guys thank you so much for watching
I should go it's been like a 13,000
minutes which is my exaggeration of 13
minutes see you guys next time bye took
a selfie mmm bye
