hey guys I don't have a video to do
today I just really like my hair so I
just have to do uh superfluous video
because why not I have a list of things
that I'm gonna be doing as videos and I
don't know what the fuck topic to pick
but I wanted to do one today I have been
fucking around with boomerang this is
not a paid thing by the way I'm just
wanted to show you like the stupid shit
you can do on here so watch like the
fuck and then you get like up forever of
me doing this that I can post a fucking
Instagram if I want to and it goes
backwards before it goes forwards again
before it goes forward again and it like
what's it called like over and over
loops and makes you look fucking
retarded you can't do anything sexy like
you can't be like what because it'll go
what you like that it make you look like
a half retarded
so not paid by the way I'm not sponsored
by boomerang I don't even understand why
it exists it's just I was using
Instagram which I use very often at Tara
Babcock and I it asked me to download
this app and I'm like you know whatever
bitch fucking I'll download your stupid
app so one of the things you guys
requested that I talk about is just
friends or going back to just friends
after you date someone or just
maintaining friendship once you tell
someone that you like them more than
just a friend type of thing which can be
super difficult and kind of dumbly so
because yeah I can understand now
knowing that that person has harbored
these feelings for you for a long time
and something that's that makes it bad
is that okay so like you know that
everyone has crushes on people and you
know that your friends care about you
right and like for instance you know
that everyone masturbates or everyone
has sex or everyone poops right but
imagine if someone was completely
transparent with you about all of these
feelings so someone walks up to you and
says I was masturbating to you last
night and just like that straightforward
fact right and then forever you're gonna
have this playing in your head and like
you know demonizing where you're just
thinking oh this guy's like sitting
there being depraved about me and like
he's thinking about how he's
pull my hair do these fucked-up things
to me it's like oh that's fucking weird
and like the knowledge of that like very
honest fact to a lot of normal people
not myself because I'm just like oh yeah
that's fucking cool and I'll just go out
about my day and be like oh you're
awesome thanks for the appreciation that
you've given me to my beauty in whatever
the fuck and your own sexual beingness
I'm glad you're having fun with that but
most people that would rack around in
their brain and be like really like
annoying to them and really weird and
it's like TMI type stuff where it's like
too much information and now I'm
thinking and like making some kind of
evil demon possessed my brain to think
about like all the depraved things
you're doing one it's just it's just a
simple thing that you're doing I'm doing
everyone's doing it right the same thing
kind of goes this wasn't a tangent by
the way this one the same thing goes
with when you tell someone you have
feelings about them or feelings for them
and they didn't expect you to and they
were just thinking this person's a
friend and not thinking any more into
that now he's thinking about oh like
what is he thinking of me every time I
do something is he like watching the way
that I smile and he's just like staring
at me and he's like having all of these
feelings about me and that's so weird
and creepy this is of course for the
people who don't feel the same way back
so that's what kind of hinders the
friendship in my opinion is having some
weird knowledge that you don't have the
exact specifics about that make you
uncomfortable basically so I feel like
that's why a lot of girls like
specifically this is directed to gays
one because my main demographic is men
although I have 10% we women viewership
I was gonna say we mon viewership female
viewership female and woman oui Mon
anyway um ten percent of you guys are
female uh so this is directed at you
guys as well if you have a hard time
telling a guy that you like him I mean
it's just best to tell him but it is
scary that he might it might end up
ruining the relationship and it sucks
that normal people like not like myself
it would ruin the relationship for them
because it's like you're always thinking
about that you're always thinking about
the fact that he has a thing for you and
like what he might be thinking about you
at that current moment because he has a
thing for you and that kind of puts a
hindrance and a damper on the
relationship and then you can't tell
them certain things because you feel
like you might hurt them like you can't
be like oh I have a new boyfriend or
oh I you know I'm digging this guy and
you can't say like my celebrity crushes
this and that because you're thinking am
I gonna hurt this person emotionally or
am I gonna make them feel awkward
because I'm just like in my hair I don't
know it's fucking really fluffy today
and it's awesome I really love this
fucking curler thank you
fucking for getting me the curler like I
keep oh so awesome anyway um yeah I went
off on a tangent thinking about my hair
and not thinking about what I was
actually talking about it and I'm a
little bit dizzy today I'm happy cuz I'm
gonna be playing all of the the indie
games that I bought on the Steam sale
that I said I wasn't gonna buy by the
pot anyway and I got like 20 new games
so I'm gonna start off with Beach bounce
off of the stream because Beach bounce
supposedly has nudity and I don't want
to get fucking banned like I would if I
played huniepop or hatred or something
on stream but anyway um yeah I just feel
like the best way to go about going back
to being just friends or not route like
ruining a whole friendship by telling
someone you care about them is to
explain it fully because it negates the
ability for the person to make up a
bunch of shit in their head about what
you might be doing you know like just
like tell them why you admire them or
why you like them and tell them that
it's okay if they don't feel the same
way and like let them know how you feel
like if you're hurt like tell them
you're hurt but tell them the extent to
which you're hurt and tell them you're
gonna be okay because you will and you
know it's kind of like a reassurance for
yourself as well to like make you feel
better about you know them not liking
you but really both transparency is what
negates the whole intrinsic human like
wanting to blow things out of proportion
type thing you know like when you think
about the whole like being jealous like
one thing that helped me initially with
like the whole being an open openly
sexual being not being monogamous like
not just openly sexual but like having
open type relationships was you know the
full transparency like knowing exactly
what's going on in exactly why and
exactly what they did and how much they
liked it and didn't like it and being
able to be a friend on that level is
more important to me than any kind of
petty jealousy that I might may or may
not have had especially in the beginning
I was kind of a weird transition in the
beginning but it made a lot
since and therefore I stuck with it type
of thing you know when sometimes your
emotions you can tell that your emotions
are hindering you in a negative way and
you can see no logical reason for that
to happen like for instance my fear of
heights is something I've been working
on for a very long time just
specifically them my fear of heights
when it doesn't make any sense like
obviously if I'm climbing a ladder I
want to be more prudent at being safe
because I can actually fall off of a
ladder but like being up in a high
building and like it 10 feet away from
the wall or 10 feet away from a window
and being able to see down and look good
or like on an escalator you know just
make sure you hold the handrails and
you'll be absolutely fine that kind of
thing I've been trying to get over the
illogical part of that because it's not
necessary to my human survival if that
makes any sense and the same thing goes
with a lot of rage a lot of sadness a
lot of anger a lot of fear and a lot of
jealousy jealousy in particular is a
very useless emotion and doesn't really
do anything for us other than you know
maybe in the wild when we were jealous
we would go out and be motivated and
that's something that I also do with
jealousy is like when you're jealous it
like jealous or envious envious is
different to me than jealousy because
I've talked about this before but
jealousy is more like the negative one
and envy is more like oh you pretty hair
girl high-five like that where it
doesn't like affect you negatively
physically but you know envy is supposed
to I guess in the wild just make you
more motivated to better yourself and to
have an example set by someone else so
you don't regress as as a you know whole
species basically you always want to get
better and better and that's that's a
good feeling it's a good necessity that
the human you know
fucking species has to try to get better
but at the same time we've kind of
progressed all of the bad emotions along
with the good necessary emotions so like
instead of just regular Envy in the wild
or like fighting for you know a girl in
the wild we're actually like being
destructive to ourselves which is
something that kind of sucks with the
evolution of our intelligence in my
opinion a lot of different topics in
this video I didn't think it would be a
good video I thought I was just going to
ramble a little bit because I liked my
hair and I wanted to get ahead in videos
and the real reason why I'm doing this
right now is that I have like fucking 40
minutes before the stupid render for
life is strange because I did it
eight finishes and then I can't upload
things when Jays playing a video game
like when Jays playing right now he's in
a league game and I can't upload things
when use in a league game because it
fucking slows down the whole internet in
his ping ghost like fucking 300 and you
can't play it all and it's funny because
if I'm playing a league game with them
and I start uploading it doesn't affect
my ping it just affects the ping of
every other device on our network which
doesn't make any fucking sense I pay for
Comcast business class I should be
getting fucking business class shit
we're like a hundred of my employees can
fucking upload videos and it doesn't
matter to anyone else's fucking network
its stupidest fuck but for some reason
that's an issue and Jay the all-knowing
technological being does not fucking fix
it because he's a garbage bitch he
actually has a fucking I don't know if
it's is it a masters I think it's a
master's in networking this motherfucker
and he can't fucking fix this shit so
fucking stupid what the fuck oh my god
but anyway yeah those are my thoughts I
think you should just be very
transparent with your friend and make
sure that you make it clear that the
friendship is the most important thing
to you and the awkwardness that is
inevitable basically when that happens
and the whole like blowing things out of
proportion it you know people get over
it and once you get over it you can kind
of get back to being friends and you
know there is a phenomenon and I don't
forget the I forget the name of it but
there's a phenomenon where you someone
finds out or you find out that someone
likes you and then you start liking them
back as a response and it's a it's a
psychological response to just like
wanting to be liked you know so it's
kind of funny but it's it doesn't
necessarily have to be something as bad
as that sounds where it's like oh I just
want to be liked I'm so insecure and
lonely it can be just like you know I
didn't really notice the good qualities
of this person so you're paying more
attention to the good qualities of this
person so even if your friend you don't
think your friend has the same feelings
as you know you do for them it could you
know create feelings by telling them how
you feel and then that person will start
paying attention to your good qualities
and be like oh you actually just kind of
a nice guy and he's kind of cute and I
like his cheekbones and I like his
jawline and all that stuff and it can
actually turn into something good so the
best thing is for you to be as
transparent as possible and for you to
just respect her wishes and if she
like you just try to be your best self
and if she doesn't see you as someone
that's dateable when you are at your
best self then it's her fucking loss or
his fucking loss and just screw it right
hope you guys like this video and my
hair oh yeah I'm so excited to play
fucking indie games I love any game so
much and I never feel like it's
justified to play them especially for my
channel because Jay doesn't like to play
them with me and my channel viewers are
like a sigh some cult day and I'm like
someone fucking play Call of Duty I
don't like that game I don't know STUV
the new games that are coming out not
most of them but a lot of the new games
that are coming out I'm like I have no
fucking interest in your first-person
garbage bullshit bitch so yeah I'll see
you guys on stream I'm excited to to
play fucking games that I just bought
most of the games I bought were like 99
fucking cents so good and they were
games that I reported on game release
news on my gaming channel so yes fucking
check out my gaming channel youtube.com/
slashed here bad pub games that's where
most of my passion goes and I'm gonna
start up the I have the manga review
things so if you don't like watching
Let's Plays I have manga review and I
have unboxings and I'm also gonna start
doing list videos more often the next
list video I have it's actually on my on
my thingy is my 20 I think hottest guys
in gaming and I'm gonna do a girl
version too so if you guys want to check
that out it's gonna be full of sexiness
gameplays screenshots lots of fucking
editing and hopefully that can help my
gaming channel get to where it should be
because I know a lot of people watch my
channel for my personality but then they
don't really like the games that I play
so that's something that is gonna be
heard leftover um with this kind of
content I guys love you
