hey guys welcome to a new episode of
fanservice Friday that's right the
series has not been cancelled since my
last vlog which you can find in the
description by the way but I've decided
to do whatever the fuck I feel like
doing on fanservice Fridays and if I
didn't do the topic that you
particularly wanted to see and you're
angry enough to post a mad comment or
dislike the video here's my suggestion
for you take a fire hose stick it up
your rectal cavity as far as it can fit
because you know it will be able to fit
and then turn it on full pressure have
fun exploding like a human water balloon
you're dead to me anyway but let
psychotically go fuck yourself I want to
have fun with this fucking series this
is as much about having fun with my
sexuality as it is showing you guys it's
okay to have fun with yours and since I
finally got the perfect recording
equipment set up right here that I
haven't had since I moved in two weeks
ago I'm not going to move it for the
treadmill fan service but I have
something that's hopefully equally as
sexy remember how I did the different
bras I owned fanservice well I've
decided to do a montage of different and
bras let's go the classic
I'm naming this one the classic because
this is just the I have all of my
fingers on my boobs I'm using both hands
and it's not really that inventive I've
owned this hand bra for quite a while
the I wish I had a towel
I need this one that I wish I had a
towel because basically all you're doing
is covering as much as you possibly can
with one arm and doesn't really look
that sexy to me it's more like what
happens when your boobs just come out
and you're trying to protect yourself
from prying eyes basically but it does
leave your hand free to do whatever you
want the sexy one hander
I go this is sexy one-hander because it
has this like really nice arch to the
arm that allows you to see a lot more of
the boots the underboob hand bra so this
one's called the under boob hand bra
because you basically just put your
hands over your nipples and then pull up
so you have maximum under boob and I
love under boob so I have no problem
with it the surprise hand bra I call
this the surprise hand bra because
basically it looks like you're super
surprised and it's kind of comedic or
you're like some kind of weird seal
creature or something still kind of hot
because there's boob the push-up hand
bra this is basically the most common
hand bra you see chicks use who have
really big natural boobs basically
because their boobs are made of fat and
they rely on bras and holding them up to
make them look good
and it makes your boobs look more pushed
up like you're wearing a push-up bra I
guess it provides more support so it's
not that bad and your boobs look bigger
the shy hand bra this one can be done
with one or two hands and makes you look
super modest
so if you're going for that I'm naked
but I'm not trying to look slutty look
or that beauty shot that looks just so
innocent I would recommend going with
this one the lazy hands
okay so this is where you basically just
rest your hands on your boobs and make
it look like you're so nonchalant that
you don't even really give a shit to be
doing this it's just like a nice place
to rest your hands like a table made of
boobs look ma no hands oh this is the
last time I'm going to show you guys it
is not a hand bra and you can use hair
to cover your boobs which my hair is not
long enough when it's curled or you can
just be a nude model which is what I'm
sure you're wishing for me but it's not
gonna happen at least not right now
sorry guys that's it for my repertoire
of a hand bras let me know which hand
bra I own that you like the most also
post in the comments if you have an idea
for fanservice Fridays but remember I
need to make sure not to get content
strikes because that could even
terminate my account so I do have to
keep it somewhat tame sorry guys and no
I'm not going to post on any other sites
I love you all I really appreciate you
guys who have been supporting me since
the beginning or just started supporting
me and our awesome new fans whatever you
guys are just beyond amazing and I
really appreciate those of you who
understand the meaning of this series
maybe someone's seeing someone so open
with their sexuality yet still
endeavours upon meaningful things and
has actual thoughts
well maybe helps some people see that
sex is something that shouldn't be so
taboo everyone's a pervert
enjoy your inner pervert and I'll see
you guys in two weeks for fanservice
Friday fanservice Friday do not bless me
the demon has already come out
