hey guys so instead of the regular Tara
beads comments this week I've got a
special edition of shit Tara says Tara
Reid's comments compilation this is by
far the most hilarious shit Tara says
and again it's made by Nicolas Elle
stotch who's the guy who does all the
gifts with me as well he's fucking
amazing so post in the comments how much
you love this video and his editing he
reads all the comments so let him know
that you appreciate it because I fucking
appreciate it the link to his tumblr
will also be down in the description so
if you like porn gifts movie gifts funny
gifts or gifts of Tara check it out we
love you Nicholas else Taj and yes he is
using butters name as his alias anyway
guys enjoy this episode of shit Tara
says Tara Reid's comments edition and
tell Nicolas thanks in the comments bye
oh hello guys and welcome to a new
episode of Tara blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah I need to think of better
things to inter this series seriously
let's see what you guys are up to in
terms of shenanigan rhe in the form of
online internet texts you don't like
Mary Poppins being fucked with a
baseball bat Oh Mary Poppins stop it in
the bum
oh it's that fucking video that the
fucking comments won't show up I'm
trying to see my fucking comments where
the fuck are my fucking comments ello da
fuck you're not in it for the money then
why do you need a patreon you whore why
the fuck do you show your tits every 10
seconds you whore
she looks so fake fake egg perfect
eyelashes lipstick foundation eyeshadow
fix skin tone heck even her teeth look
modified it's really sad when you see
girls who can't just show their natural
self and said it they just cover it up
where's your picture you ugly whore if
you know what the taste of cum is you're
a slut what normal sex turns into cum
drinking all non boring normal sex oh my
god you should die in your own pussy
juice and then drown and die and
suddenly your pussy explodes you
disgusting ugly bitch and slut oh gosh
this bitch looks like my dick without
makeup I was like oh my motherfucking
bitch I was so fucking scared when I saw
this oh shut the fuck up you slutty
YouTube money slag someone please choke
her with a dick till she's breathless
hashtag dumb slut why see wishing great
things on me I don't understand
was to be a disc yes please do that
twice nice tits you filthy slut I know
it can be so hard when some random guy
on the internet says show your tits
bitch I mean I just I cry every day
your boobs bought it yeah and your face
bought this who are the most retarded
horrible world aren't you answer to that
is no there's always your Bob ah
hair looks kind of nasty without makeup
to be honest to be honest really have to
be in there you're clearly just trying
to offend me which isn't gonna work by
the way so does your mom's I'm probably
the only one who doesn't hate him
no there's always his mother I think
your mother watches this so she can be a
better whore fuck off now inbred cum
stain I think that's the best one also
let's take a quick break and see the
title of this hot penis guy slashed my
throat definitely one of my fantasies du
Loup women love to give blowjobs your
virtual blowjob can we just talk about
swallowing calm with pleasure most don't
know how to measure a dick anyways so
it's impossible to validate what anyone
is saying what anyone is saying so
anytime someone's like hi my name is
Tara they're like you don't even know
how to measure a dick so what you're
saying doesn't make any sense and voila
you need to hold the end of it at the
very tip of the penis and then measure
all the way down to the knee it's 18
inches tom according to logic all of the
boldest guys are the most manly and
probably have the biggest dicks
so next time you're like oh you're
balding you're so stupid cuz you're
getting old you just like without your
day just completely fucking whip out
look how fucking big my dick is because
I don't have any hair I'm head hey girl
my cum tastes like coconuts the like
hairy outside or milky inside hey baby
you want to get some of this fuzzy love
facials I like swallowing better
Hydralisk you're so sexy where's your
penis well this game looks pretty hard
I'm going to try it that is my theory on
penises that penis looks kind of hard
I'd like to try it hard penises are the
best penises IRL it's the other way
around people with short dicks are the
nice people while the ones with the big
dicks are the assholes and I said nah
big dicks just make big assholes giggity
my dick just died can I bury it in your
ass
forever 1:45 I wouldn't mind dying now
let's see what he saw then he wouldn't
mind dying after saying oh my tits of
course that actually makes sense
tits equals safety hahahaha there's no
way you're not looking at this right
this is my new bra by the way get a good
look oh my god the titties are real in
that bra nope still think it's more fun
not to wear a bra oh right
your titties look like they belong to my
grandmother God your grandmother has
some fucking nice titties like oh my god
I that is the GILF
I want right now if I had a cock I would
want that bitch's titties on my cock
yes if I had a cock I would put my own
titties on my cock and I think I'm
flexible enough to do that maybe not
flexible enough to suck my own dick if I
had one but titty fucking my own dick I
would do that 100% how about a video
about feminism and big boobs okay here
goes feminists are stupid and big boobs
are awesome yeah jump-scare this makes
me miss playing Starcraft I think I'll
start again tomorrow can we get a
victory dance more people please
starcraft my spoon is too big my spoon
is too big yeah you like that firm grasp
yeah oh my god in the net so I met
Stacey at the mall and we went there and
then she saw this guy and she was like
oh my god and he was like oh my god and
then she was like oh my god he was like
oh my god oh my god right oh my god oh
my god so I was in this TVT and then
this guy came with like a shitton of
tanks and I was like oh my god tanks
alright I fucking hate tanks alright so
I was like bats Reaper and then fucking
Mass Reaper it into his front door and
it was awesome and then lost what the
fuck is up with that shit right I should
be able to mass Reaper and just go in
there and fucking win right it was a
cold December night I was fapping in the
computer room all of a sudden my
roommate walks in and takes out his dick
and he's like here's a real one if
that's what you want and shoves it into
my mouth I accept feeling his long veiny
cock go down my throat are you a parking
ticket because you have fine written all
over you
when will you do Tara Reid's comments
what did I tell you shut up
Tara what song did you use at the ending
I freaking love it what the fuck is
wrong with you guys did you watch Tara
talks number six did you watch Tara
talks number five I'm not even gonna
tell you the song at the ending again
because I fuckin told you before at
least twice if I have to fucking open my
mouth and repeat words more than once
pissed off more than twice fuck you I
will come to your house and I will rape
your cat this video shows everything
that is wrong with humanity tasteless I
don't want to live in this stupid world
okay we have to respond to that okay bye
I just told him to kill himself as if
aggressively Tara can you please reply
to this you're my favorite you nope
next at wrong your man our EP damn girl
maybe you could put your phone on the
floor so we can see yo today's I would
eat your shit like candy okay so if I
give you a baggie of my shits which
because I'm a vegetarian is of course
like deer poop you would just eat the
little pellets like candy what about
someone being hot actually makes you
want to eat their shit solid video Tara
keep doing those they are totally worth
our time wow I'm glad I can finally
create some content that is worth your
time maybe reading that comment wasn't
worth my time so I was playing Cod and I
was taking weed and I was hallucinating
and I saw a dragon what is the name of
the last song go fuck yourself is the
name of the last song motherfucker how
many fucking times I've two okay I'm not
even gonna give this again I'm just
gonna ignore it
actually blowing into the dick during a
blowjob is nothing imagine a guy pulling
out a fork and knife when he's trying to
eat your pussy I think we'll end the
episode there by
