hey guys today I have a little bit more
of a I would say lighthearted vlog topic
today we're going to talk about if I had
a penis or more specifically if I had a
penis for a day and um kind of like the
the gender differences that I would feel
if I was a man rather than a woman
because I can't really talk ten minutes
about what I would do with a penis for a
day because clearly it would just be
jerk off on to people's faces
fuck people in the ass fuck people in
the vagina decide which is better and
you know have gay sex have straight sex
have sex with multiple people at once I
would just do a lot of things with my
penis I would have sex with my couch
specific teddy bears on this chair here
from the Nintendo fucking everything
like I would have Nintendo sex right
here would be wonderful I would do a lot
of really depraved things with my penis
if I only had a penis for a day you got
to catch up with all of the fucking
stupid shit that men do in their
preteens and teenagers because like I
only get it for a day you guys get it
for your entire lives you have a long
time to do dumb shit with your penis I
was like stick it in a vacuum I would
just do a bunch of ridiculous things see
how it feels when it's burnt like I
don't know I would be like a crazy penis
masochist if I had a penis for a day and
that's basically all I have to say about
that topic but um but they're not I
would want to be a man rather than a
woman is kind of a hard decision because
I do like the idea of being a man I feel
like men have a lot of different things
that they're better at than women like
they're they're physically stronger and
bigger and just you know better equipped
to do things like manual labor or to be
you know strong brutes or something or
to be badasses but at the same time
things like that come with like you get
in trouble more if you do something
wrong like you have more expectations
like set on you to like support a family
still in this day and age even where
you're supposed to be the one that goes
out and works and you're supposed to be
the one that is like hard-working and
you get away with less because women are
you know they're they're softer they're
cuter you like even just me like as a
woman as like I guess a more confident
women when I see another woman I kind of
just want to protect her and I I don't
know it's like a it's like a a nurturing
feeling that you have for people who are
smaller in stature and just smaller in
general and it's not a sexist thing it's
a
actual difference in our biology and I
think honestly that women have it easier
in society but it's just I feel like
it's more fun and more liberating to be
a man in some ways but it's also you
know you have to be more held
accountable for the things that you do
you know I feel really bad as I've said
before for men who are trying to date in
this society where basically any ugly
woman could get a date with a lot of men
whereas men even when they're attractive
to have to watch what they say they have
to do certain things and then women can
still even decide to be like too prudish
or too afraid to be a slut and it's
really hard to get in a girl's pants as
a man and it's really hard to prove your
worth even if you're you know attractive
successful smart it's like it's a whole
like playing a game properly you watch
yourself go through one of those
illusion of choice games except for it's
not an illusion of choice every action
actually changes the outcome so I really
think that they should do like a video
game like if I was just like if I could
just snap my fingers and produce a video
game and develop one like out of my own
fruition and my own ideas and if I had
like billions of dollars to just sink
into that and it would happen like
immediately and there was no bug testing
and all that stuff and beta and blah
blah I would do it and I would make a
really realistic dating sim that was
more based on the tell-tale episodic
type game where you have a bunch of
different choices or like a JRPG that
has a bunch of like dialog choices like
I love those and I think it would be
really interesting to do like a
modern-day very modern gender power role
shift type game kind of like honey pop
but more realistic and more intricate
where you can actually see like as an
attractive or ugly guy how realistically
you would go through a date and how well
you would do or how poorly you would do
based on the choices that you make or
the things that you say and there are so
many things that like even the most
attractive wealthy man in the world well
I don't know about wealth I've never
really been around many women who have
this whole like gold digger thing where
they actually care about money I myself
as you guys know make my own money and
don't care about that at all like I've
never factored money or status into
whether or not I want to have sex with
someone I might be attracted to someone
because I see them on the TV but what
goes into account is their personality
on TV and how they look on TV not the
fact that they're on TV or not the fact
that they might be might be making money
off
tedious more just like oh that guy's got
a hot on TV and I feel like I have a
more logical perception and a more like
actual just the based in sexual desire
perception of why I think someone's
attractive like money isn't attracted to
me you're not going to get me on a
4-inch dick that's attached to a 5-foot
guy just because he has a lot of money
that's actually gross to me and that's
not something I could ever do but I
don't really hate anyone who does it
because you know that's your own
prerogative and you just have a
different moral compass and a different
set of things that are important to you
like a different priority list than I do
and like Who am I to judge which
priority list is the most wholesome or
the best you know I obviously do a lot
of things that people think are
disingenuous or you shouldn't do or make
you a bad person and you know I don't
hold that against them for you know
thinking that but it's not really their
decision to decide whether or not I'm a
you know bad person or not we just
should live our own lives and do
whatever the fuck makes us happy and
hopefully live by a set of moral rules
that don't have us just killing and
murdering people all over the place
although we do have laws in place for
people like that who do do that so why
not right
ooh you'll get yours eventually ha ha ha
ha I would be I would totally sign up
for the job to be a murderer murderer
like that would be the most fun job ever
but anyway whether or not I would want
to switch over and be a man I like
myself I love myself the way I am and I
wouldn't switch to be a different woman
so I probably wouldn't switch to be a
different man or to be a man in general
because I just like where I'm at right
here like I've lived my entire life
being feeling like I have male goals and
male interests trapped in a woman's body
and I like my woman's body I like
perfecting it in a way that is you know
sexually attractive to me and I can't
imagine the motivation that women have
who are completely heterosexual for what
they want to look like I feel like when
people say oh you you know change
yourself or you find what's attractive
based on what's or what your
surroundings are and what you grow up in
and if you play with Barbies and stuff
like that I feel like it's not like that
for me it's what I find attractive in a
female and if I was Asian I would look
very different because I also find Asian
girls hot and there's a specific type of
Asian girl that I would try to be
looking
like at that point and that really has
nothing to do with with what's inside of
me so I would probably be the exact same
person if I was a guy with the exact
same habits except for I wouldn't get
away with them as easy because I'm not a
female anymore I'm not an attractive
female anymore they can just like pretty
much do whatever she wants and there's
not really many repercussions other than
people trying to psychologically torment
you with like disses like whore like
that's all I have to deal with that's
like literally all I have to deal with
is people calling me a whore and I just
have to remember that they're ignorant
idiots you know look at that's all
that's all I have to do I have to just
stay confident in myself and I the world
is my fucking oyster and that's what I
feel like it's so amazing about women as
long as they can get over that like
insane amount of insecurity and jealousy
that for some reason I don't know if
it's society that instills it in most
women or the fact that women are
sheltered and you know told that these
things are bad by their parents like all
these guys that are sitting in my
comments section calling me a whore are
probably going to raise children and
these children are going to be raised in
like such a terrible household so that
if they do grow up feeling like they
want to be sexual beings or they want to
be sexually open rather than repressed
they're going to like be feeling like
their own parents don't support them and
the same thing happens I feel the same
like heartfelt sadness for like people
who grow up gay or you know transsexual
or whatever in households that aren't
accommodating and you know don't give a
shit about how they feel you know it
sucks to have parents who really
shouldn't be parents or parents who
think that you know their kids or just
need to be like a mini-me of them and oh
I need to like push all of my life goals
through that kid when he's like really
young and then just fucking screw him up
for the rest of his life and make sure
his my morals are his morals and you
know if you keep doing something like
that then you have the most outdated
antiquated set of logic moral science
that ever has happened ever because you
end up like not even learning anything
we should have to be one person you have
to be your grandfather because your
grandfather taught your fucking father
to act this way and your father like
imposed that upon you and it's just like
a fucking bunch of clusterfuck bullshit
that's why I'm so happy that I was
raised to think for myself that I was
raised to question everything
that I was given the freedom at some
point that I you know I kind of forced
to the freedom like my parents told me
don't cuss don't do this and that and I
just kind of started doing it and I was
like that's what I'm gonna do and I
understood there's a time and place for
everything but now it's kind of weird I
always like cuss no matter where I am
I'm always cussing and cursing because I
never have to go into like a
nine-to-five job where it's not my own
atmosphere you know so like when I meet
new people it's like going to the
dentist or something as hard it's a
little bit hard for me to get out of my
ways but I can still do it and it's just
something you learn you learn that
there's a time and place for everything
and that that's not necessarily the case
in all different situations and you know
you just gotta like educate yourself
because a lot of the things that other
people tell you and a lot of things that
other people try to impose upon you are
their own beliefs and if you just keep
copying other people's beliefs you're
not being true to yourself so I kind of
broke out of that shell very young I
don't even remember a time where someone
else's beliefs were just so easily
imprinted on me like it was like oh
that's interesting I remember my parents
being very intelligent to me and I'm
just like oh that's interesting and I
would take anything that my dad or mom
says as like fact and then I stopped
doing that and I started realizing that
they're very different people but still
really cool people that you know gave me
this really awesome shell that you know
has the humor of Monty Python and loves
video games and you know I went to my
mom sent me to modeling school because I
was interested in it so I learned about
like makeup and all the things you would
learn as a beautician and I fell in love
with you know expressing my sexuality
and just being open and I'm like this
person that has so many different
interests because I was allowed to do so
in my household and my household wasn't
one of like weird tradition that was
imposed upon me and I am very grateful
for that so
oh what a tangent once again as always
but hopefully a little bit more
structured than my phone vlogs um
basically I would say that I would
continue to be a woman as long as I can
continue to have the personality traits
that I have now because I wouldn't give
those up for anything I wouldn't change
those like personal beliefs and stuff
that I have or the personal you know
things that make me happy like aiming
for anything and I wouldn't
want to have a more quote/unquote
feminine view on things and you know I
don't know I don't really care what my
body is I'll just you know perfect it to
the you know whatever the fuck like if
I'm a white male I'll be my version of
the hottest white male if I'm a black
male same thing it doesn't really matter
as much as keeping Who I am on the
inside but I think I would stay a female
because tits are just so great are they
not also I just did a Star Wars video
yesterday on my gaming channel so I'm
going to post that in the script you
should check it out you should also
check out this fucking shirt that I wore
for it oh my god how fucking awesome
it's a titty shirt and it's a fucking
Star Wars shirt how awesome is that
oh it's like the vintage Japanese excuse
me a fucking movie movie poster but it's
pretty cool so yeah thanks for watching
guys I will see you tomorrow for a shit
Tara says Tara Reid's comments for
addition Terry's comments Edition and
it's like the most hilarious thing ever
um see you guys then I love you guys
thanks for watching don't forget to like
the video subscribe to the channel and
if you want to check out my gaming
channel its youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games I also a livestream a lot
of you guys don't know that like at
least once a stream I get a guy coming
and going I've subscribed to her on
YouTube or on her Instagram for like two
years and I didn't even know she
streamed live so yeah I stream live on
Twitch twitch.tv slash day Babcock I
will see you guys soon Wow be yourself
don't let anyone tell you what yourself
is bye guys
