hey guys weekly phone vlog is today I
just recorded a video that was up
yesterday called my utopia and I hope
people enjoy the video for what it's
supposed to be which is basically my
opinion on what the world would be like
at the point that I would call it
perfect and um I know I'm gonna have a
lot of differing opinions from a lot of
people because a lot of people are very
opposite of me but I want to hear
everyone's opinions and hopefully I
don't piss too many people off actually
I don't really care if I piss people off
you guys know this but more that I hope
people get my point without getting
pissed off at a point that I didn't
actually make if that makes sense it's
really like counterproductive to what
I'm trying to do as a blogger or a
philosopher to have people just
completely mess understand what I'm
trying to say and then like get really
mad at something I didn't even say and
then I'm like oh that's not what I meant
please stop being so stupid and just
understand what I'm saying um and I feel
like this happens on average like at
least 10 comments that i read a video
and it's kind of weird especially if i
bring up topics that aren't necessarily
the most commonly expressed topics like
talking about veganism more talking
about eradication of religion stuff like
that so um that video has a lot of it so
if you want to get mad at me go ahead
and watch that video ooh I have my hair
up today I talked about this in the last
video but I don't really have my hair up
often because I don't like my ears I
feel like my ears are big and the way I
tan I don't really naturally tan so they
don't get his tan or whatever but that's
boring let's talk about things that are
not boring I will not be canceling the
fanservice videos I've just decided that
if it brings idiots in i will just
filter out more idiots and if it takes
me longer to read the comments of the
people that I actually care about it
will take me longer in the comments and
so be it I don't want to put a pay wall
behind it I don't want to make people
you know feel like uncomfortable that
they're watching it for whatever reason
I just I'm happy and I appreciate the
people who understand that although it
might be good fat service like that's
awesome if you fat to it I very much
appreciate that and I'm glad that you
find me so sexually attractive but I
also hope and appreciate all the people
who do understand that it's basically
just meant to show like a little bit
of like pointless sexual fun because
that's okay and you know it's okay to
like watch this and be like oh that's
hot it's okay to watch that watch this
and be like oh I'm a favorite youtuber
doing something completely pointless and
you know the video doesn't actually have
much you know to offer other than just
being sexy like this youtuber I like
being sexy and that should be fun and
that should be fine and there should be
no you know people being mad about that
it should be hey I'm expressing my
sexuality and I'm having fun with it and
you guys are having fun with me and
that's something that I really desire to
do because you guys are like my family
uh I had a pretty good um couple days
off I took a couple days off because
it's Christmas which is kind of a
fucking cop out reason because I don't
really even celebrate Christmas as I've
said before like I'm not religious and I
also don't like buy into the whole like
let's just spend a bunch of money right
now on useless crap for the people and
then like we have to see our family on
this specific day otherwise we're bad
children like I'm seeing my mom tomorrow
which is sunday which is like three days
after Christmas but I'm doing it around
Christmas because my parents like to
celebrate Christmas and they go all out
with like the Christmas lights the but
they do the same with like Halloween in
every holiday I think it's just
something that they used to pass the
time to make themselves happy to make
themselves feel useful and have fun and
that's great if that's the reason why
they do it then that's great if someone
else dictated that Halloween the day of
halloween it needs to be this kind of
you know decoration and they just follow
it and do their own thing with it that's
cool and I respect people who have fun
with it and you know do things for
certain holidays but it's kind of silly
you know the like mass hysteria that
happens around like Black Friday and the
fact that all the revenue like ad
revenue goes up so much around this time
it's something you don't know I guess if
you're not a Content producer but like
twitch revenue YouTube revenue
everything goes up around this time
because people are being such crazy
consumers at this time like everyone is
just buying everything out and fucking
going crazy like maxing their credit
cards and that helps with you know ad
revenue because ad creators are spending
more money like in putting more money
into getting their ads out there so like
the CPM the clicks per minute is higher
because you know more people are paying
more for these ads and that all just
makes sense
and I was thinking about it recently but
it's really interesting the places like
Dubai in places like Las Vegas have a
really low cost of living and it's
obvious that it's because the economy
there is so great because they have so
many tourists so like living in a
tourist trap might not seem very you
know comfortable and it might get
annoying and stupid after like a while
of living there like you get sick of the
tourists and stuff and the people who
are like oh my god there's fucking slot
machines everywhere we're good but like
living on the outskirts of the strip or
something seems really good value
because you're saving so much money
because of this tourists and that's why
I'm Jay and I've been thinking about
moving there because like Seattle LA and
places like New York are really
expensive in their living and it's
because it's a big city but it doesn't
have the like insane tourist places like
the casinos are all on the reserve here
like we have a lot of Native American
reserves and the casinos are all there
so we don't get the profit from that
because it's like a hundred percent
owned by them which is the only you know
caveat that we've given them basically
in the whole slaughtering of them and
terribleness but yeah um as I was saying
in my other video i really like showing
my neck and that's one of the only
reasons i like having my hair up i think
a lot of girls look really cute with
their hair up and I just like don't I
look weird and elfish and like I have a
small head but um sometimes I like to do
shit that's just different just for the
sake of being different it's a part of
perfecting my parents that I like to
enjoy like being a different person or
looking a different way or like having
different looks and like I get to choose
which one's my favorite but I can keep
switching it up that's something I
really like about just like being a
perfectionist is that I can identify the
ones that aren't as perfect but I enjoy
the ones that are you know different
basically I finished okay so like as you
can see right here when it when it stops
like being too bright you see how my two
front teeth are like slightly darker
than my other teeth so I have my
temporaries on now so that tooth right
here that used to be a little bit
discolored is like now completely gone
forever which I am super happy about
because I I don't it never really made
me insecure so like the difference
between being insecure to me and being
just like a perfectionist is like
insecurities actually causes you
emotional grief we're like you don't
want to show your mouth or you like
won't take pictures or you don't want to
go out in public and you like actually
gets sad maybe to the point of even
crying or just being like stress and
thinking about it more than you should
whereas for me it's just like I don't
like this picture as much but I'm gonna
post it and it's like I would always
like I would smile just as much and I
would do whatever the fuck just as much
and people notice till I everyone
notices it it's like whatever who cares
and I'll just be like yeah I had a root
canal and my fucking tooth started
discoloring and I have to go on in to
get my veneers or whatever soon and um
for me it's just like it's a fact
someone telling me about it is not going
to make me sad i I'm working on
improving and I'm gonna be really
excited when it's done so it's halfway
done and I'm pretty excited no more
weirdo tooth which is awesome ah but
they don't have temporaries that are the
bleach color of the rest of my teeth so
for right now my teeth are slightly
darker here and it's kind of weird
because like they shaved the tooth down
really small it's like a stub it was
like really creepy but they made the
tooth that had the root canal much
stronger by putting a post in it that
like reinforces it so I once this is
done not right now but once this is done
I'm going to be able to eat caramel
apples I'm gonna be able to like bite
with my two front teeth I've gotten so
used to like biting with like right here
and my vampire teeth and stuff that it's
just like second nature to me I doesn't
even bother me anymore but I often will
get like food like here like it ruins my
like lip gloss and stuff and so I'm
excited to be a normal human being with
normal teeth because since I've like
been eight years old or something I
fucking broke my two front teeth and had
like really shitty shittily reinforced
two front teeth and then the right one
this one started discoloring which is
stupid but I'm gonna make a whole
procedure of vlog video on what's going
on with my teeth so if anyone is
interested in getting crowns or veneers
or has to get dental work done hopefully
they can refer back to it also i want to
start making procedure vlogs for every
procedure i get done and right now all
I'm doing is teeth and trying to get fit
after that maybe I can think about doing
some other things but right now I'm just
pretty much happy with my plastic
surgery and where it's at and just
trying to get my body to follow suit and
that's what's going on with me right now
today I went to the gym I went tanning
and when I go spray tanning the first
result before i shower is like kind of
splotchy like it's a little bit splotchy
or whatever and not that dark and then
over the next six hours as long as I
don't sweat a shower get cum all over me
or fucking go swimming it starts like
getting into my skin cells and then
becomes an actual tan and it gets darker
and darker and darker so next time I
shower i'll have an even tan and then
the more i work out the more it like
starts rubbing off in weird places and i
have to scrub it off before i spray tan
again but it's so much darker and better
than actual tanning because actual
tanning you know is more carcinogenic
and it also doesn't get nearly as dark
or nearly as even so yeah that's the
random Tara video for the week I hope
you guys enjoy it I don't know I feel
like a lot of people are like what the
fuck are days but it seems like a lot of
people like them so I'm glad that you
guys enjoy my innermost ramblings and I
will see you guys next week with the
next fucking vagina bitch shit let me
take us out a few fuzzy fozia what the
fuck the thumbnail there we go is that
good gear did you do to my eyes ma
