hey guys you're an unfortunate witness
of the very rare tara has her hair up
day and that just basically means that I
didn't feel like blow drying it and I
showered and it's still wet and it's
like black because blow drying it kind
of like ruins it or whatever also I have
my favorite phone case again for my new
phone so awesome it's much more snug
than the iphone 5s version so this is
awesome but today's vlog is going to be
a little impromptu will not as impromptu
as usual actually because I actually
have a list of things that I want to
talk about but I'm going to talk about
what the world would look like if it
were my utopia so I have a bunch of
different things on here and I'm
basically just going to read off the the
points that I wrote down which are much
more succinct than what I actually say
when I talk of it's like verbal vomit
rather than nicely constructed sentences
and things I've always wanted to be a
writer because I thought I just I show
myself more as a writer I'm just better
at being more eloquent and thoughtful
when I'm writing rather than 1 i'm
speaking so i get to add a little bit of
that into my video today the reason i
don't like my hair up often ok this is a
tangent i know i will go back on topic
soon the reason i don't like my hair up
is because i have big ears and it looks
really dumb second of all it's just not
like the best look I have kind of a
small head and it looks kind of funny
maybe that's why people think I'm really
tall because even though I'm like five
foot four my head is still kind of small
I feel like my parents put some kind of
gigantic like way too snug beanie on my
head when I was younger and I just kind
of compressed everything and it's like
black but um one thing I really do like
about my hair being up as you can see my
neck and I feel like a woman showing her
neck and a woman having a small neck is
very it shows vulnerability which is
really sexy so like you can like think
about grabbing my neck biting my neck
blah blah when I was at the dentist
hopefully the chick doesn't watch this
Bo na so the dentist you know how you
wear those glasses where they can't see
your eyes or maybe they can I don't know
but they're looking at your teeth so you
can look directly at them and they're
like really close to your face I was
looking at her neck and thinking about
like biting it and stuff it was
hilarious anyway we're going to talk
about my utopia so the first thing on my
list is education would be more vocation
centered and
more emphasis on proper English wouldn't
be graded on a curve so something I hate
about this world that I live in is that
public schools are incredibly easy
they're graded on a curve like the
stupidest person which is a lot of
people in random areas like just it's
just fucking awful it's the easiest
thing in the world I skipped most of my
high school and I was still getting like
A's and stuff but I didn't even try and
it was just the easiest thing ever and
then I was doing high school and college
at the same time and you know fucking
Community College was the easiest thing
ever as well and I feel like there is a
huge lack of proper grammar there's a
huge lack of knowing anything about the
English English language even though
it's their mother tongue that's just
like ridiculous to me and I don't like
having conversations with people like I
don't like reading facebook posts it's
all just bad english and it's like
really popular these days to just like
fuck up the English language and be like
dough and day and like instead of though
and they and it's just fucking awful so
I hate it and I have a little list of my
hope for all of this people will be
smarter overall scientific education for
specific education for anyone who wants
it I think that's really cool because
there are vocational colleges and there
are like vocational like programs you
can do in high school and stuff but I
feel like as with other countries or
have already been doing you should be
like studying for your specific vocation
a little bit earlier and you should have
an idea of what you want to do and then
go to a specific type of like classes
basically you shouldn't have to take
like a four-year degree you should be
doing some kind of vocational school
that allows you to actually have
experience like hands-on experience and
that's something that um we were offered
in high school but it wasn't like as
good as I'm imagining in my head the
next hope for all of this is um no
insane college debt I think that is a
huge problem that higher education isn't
just like the freest thing in the world
and easy for anyone to procure and it's
kind of sad because you know if I wanted
to do it's like not viable for me to do
because I'm already making a living off
of you know either modeling or youtubing
or streaming so for me there's no real
reason for me to go spend a lot of that
money or get into debt that I've made
to learn more but I would love to learn
more I'd love to learn different
languages and you know go to school more
for writing and all that so it's kind of
annoying that you have to like shell out
a fortune and then you don't even get
like the average amount that people are
paying for college is just going up each
year in each year and everyone's in debt
because of it and there's like not
really any relief for it yet um the next
thing is obviously sexuality would be
seen as natural and beautiful and the
norm would be open-mindedness and not
ignorance I don't see why anyone like
we're all sexual beings I don't see why
anyone is hating on someone who's sexual
i don't see why anyone see it sees
someone who is open sexually is someone
who's like a deviant or you know has no
other redeeming qualities that's
absolutely ridiculous and I would love I
would love a society where it just shows
you know power and intelligence and
beauty and you know it's like the
epitome of the natural form of a woman
or man because it really is and that's
how we create more people that's how we
procreate so it doesn't make any sense
that that would be such a taboo thing
and um the open-mindedness not ignorance
thing kind of comes from people's
perception of people usually rules what
they think of them rather than being
like wow this person really looks like a
slut but you know she has her reasons
she has her own moral compass instead of
like devising stupidity off of the
things that they think because they're
in their own bubble I would prefer it if
everyone just kind of you know it's it's
natural that you have your own
preconceived notions but to be able to
overcome those consciously on your own
is like something that's really it's a
huge show of intelligence to me my phone
is shutting off all the time because i
have it on fucking safety vagina mode
eliminating stereotyping and ignorance
would eliminate a lot of stereotypes
ringing true because people wouldn't
feel that they need to act a certain way
to fit in and I think this is very an
important part of that because when you
okay so if you have a daughter you raise
her a certain way if you have a son you
raise him a certain way and then he goes
to school and he thinks that if he's
this color or this race he has to listen
to this kind of music and if in turn he
listens to this kind of music he has to
dress a certain way and then people
start stereotyping people because they
ring true so often but if you don't get
judged based on your race your Creed
your your gender and all that stuff then
you're free to like whatever the fuck
you want and have a bunch of different
diverse like you know opinions
diverse things that you like you know
like I like metal I like video games i
like looking pretty those things don't
usually come together and that's why I'm
not a stereotype and if more people were
raised the way I was where you just you
know should like what you like and find
out what you like and not let other
people dictate that for you then we
would have a more free country and less
stereotypes basically because everyone
is different they're just not allowed to
be different because they're not pushed
to be different because being different
is something that causes you a lot of
social grief in your life so um what
else more importance would be put on
physical fitness on the pursuit and the
pursuit of beauty would not be seen as
only vain vapid and a cop-out for hard
work for the stupid so um I'm also kind
of bad at reading out loud obviously but
um I think everyone should be physically
fit I think that should be something
that's very important I think that not
only is it for the look but it's also
for just like the feeling healthy and
being healthy overall and you know not
just like being a pig and you know
perpetrating factory farming with how
much food we consume that's really bad
for you and you know how much money we
give to companies that are less than
genuine and all of that stuff so but
like a lot of people see like me being
pretty or whatever as oh I have to be
stupid and I have to be like copping out
of hard work by being pretty in order to
get what I want and that's not
necessarily the case at all definitely
because you can like being pretty that's
your own personal thing and that's your
own personal idea of beauty and if
someone doesn't think you're beautiful
or if someone does think you're
beautiful that's irrelevant what really
matters that you're happy with yourself
and that should be something that's
completely accepted and doesn't
necessarily mean that I'm stupid and
decided not to work hard in my life and
decided that this would be easier
because really this is a lot of hard
work and especially to get where I am
now and especially to stay fit and
especially to do all the certain things
it's a hobby for me and it's like an art
for me and it's a science for me like
symmetry in the face and symmetry and
what you do and the makeup is like an
art and all this stuff is fun to me if
it wasn't fun to me I wouldn't do it
there's no like weird you know like me
trying to not do manual labor throughout
my life or me trying to not have like a
real job or anything it's just you know
something that I like to do and share
it helps me out in certain different
situations like modeling or for people
to click my videos initially or whatever
but that's who I am and that's how I
feel most comfortable and that's what
makes me happy and that's all that
actually matters so that shouldn't be
seen initially as something that's so
terrible like obviously if you talk to
someone and that rings true then that's
what's going on but you have to talk to
them you can't just think that you can't
think that everyone is exactly the same
gaming mode basing normal for all and
used heavily in education of all ages as
well as for recreation this is important
there are a lot of places that are
actually using video games as a learning
tool for like simulation type stuff like
learning how to fly a plane or things in
the army and that's extremely cool i
have a friend who gordon actually who
works with i think the australian air
force and he does a lot of simulation
type stuff and teaches people how to fly
that way or people how to do like
teaches people how to do like certain
missions or whatever and i think that's
really cool and gaming can be seen as
something that's actually like a tool
and not just for recreation and people
would be more accepting of gamers as
like a mainstream thing that everyone
does if that was the case and I think
that children who play a lot of video
games I mean it's been proven the
children play a lot of video games from
the really young age up until like
forever are smarter more dexterous they
have their more self-aware more
confident let off more steam there are a
million reasons why playing video games
is fucking amazing and great for you and
makes you smarter and better and it's
just the best thing ever so I really
feel like it shouldn't be something that
only nerds do or when you look at
someone you can tell they're a gamer
because they don't shower like that kind
of thing just doesn't make any sense
gaming can be useful to everyone and it
would just make a better smarter and
more open-minded society if we use it
more often um logic would prevail over
emotion therefore um what is it
autocorrect ism shit I wanted to say um
we would save her positive emotion and
nearly eradicate negative / useless
emotion so this is something that I just
use like if an emotion that I'm having
is negative and not productive I try to
just eradicate it and I've been pretty
good at that um excuse me and what
emotion is good like love happiness lust
um content fulness whatever the fuck any
good emotion like just let that shit
flow through you and enjoy it and have
fun with it but I really feel like logic
should prevail over emotion a lot of
people get really amped up about things
in the news and they don't think with
their heads they just think with their
hearts like this is something cute like
you baby and they can't like use logic
in their computing skills after that and
I think that's a huge flaw in society
like a lot of people will just lash out
emotionally or they'll start fights or
they'll do things out of anger and it's
not really out of logic and that's
something that I think is a huge flaw in
most humans and I can't really get along
with a lot of humans who are more
emotion driven than logic driven because
they can't see my point of view at all
because it's just like a blinding
rose-colored glasses for a lot of people
and that sucks um people children to
come parents if they really should that
would be cool and this will control the
population and eliminate welfare parents
and all that crap and I don't really
think the whole like you have to get
married you have to have a kid type of
idea would fit at all into my society
because it doesn't make any sense that
everyone should have a kid first of all
over populations second of all a lot of
people aren't fit to be parents they
don't have the mindset for it they don't
have the income for it and they don't
have the you know ability to love and
nurture for it and a lot of kids turn up
fucking retarded because of it parents
would raise their children to think for
themselves gather knowledge and be
confident not to shelter and protect
them a huge problem with parenting and
it's very obvious to me is that people
fucking shelter their kids instead of
actually teaching them how to process
certain things that they're going to see
they're not going to be sheltered
forever from pornography from people
being mean to them from bad things
happening from you know a bunch of
different like types of fucking violence
all that stuff is going to happen to
them in their lives and if they're not
prepared for it if they haven't been
taught tatted like deal with it if
they've just been sheltered then they
are pretty much gimped emotionally and
you know psychologically and
intellectually because they don't know
how to deal with that shit and because
they're like oh well you know I'm just
not supposed to look at that so I don't
know and that's just so retarded to
shelter our kids from set excuse me sex
drugs and rock and roll is just like not
the way to go obviously and if I had a
kid I definitely wouldn't be sheltering
them as just as soon as they saw
something sexual I would explain it to
them I would explain what you're
supposed to
do with it and I would explain that they
need to you know understand those things
rather than you know starting to abuse
it or something other living beings
would be treated with the same respect
and rights we give humans that's kind of
an obvious for me as a vegan and I also
said that everyone will be vegan the
only meat eaten of any species would be
those that died of natural causes I just
think that's very obvious to me it's
good for the environment it's good for
us there's so many misconceptions
through veganism and so many like humans
just being like oh we're more important
because we're humans and we're smarter
so we should be new yeah well babies are
less smart than like a lot of fucking
animals so why don't we just like
randomly kill babies willy-nilly oh-ho
because it's a human and we're
emotionally attached to these humans and
that's just so like illogical and stupid
to me and I don't really like that kind
of mindset that like most of society has
where something happens to a baby and
that's like oh my god the sort of future
our future is overpopulation and a bunch
of idiots that were raised in properly
like that's what's going on that's my
idea of our poor poor future anyway work
would be put on the backburner to
relaxing personal improvement and family
many other countries already do this
we're like America and u.s. and North
America and like all around over here
like Canada and South America we work a
lot harder than anyone in like Europe
and we don't put a lot of you know
necessity we take less days off we don't
put a lot of necessity on spending time
with family it's all about just working
hard or working harder and that's
something that's like not good for our
psyche and it's not good for you know
being happy in life everyone spends all
their times being workaholics and then
realized at the end of their lives that
it kind of sucked and they didn't savor
the moments that they actually enjoyed
and lastly religion would be eradicated
and fully replaced with logic science
and not sugar-coated bullshit people
would be the best versions of themselves
because they have the drive to not
because they fear some mythical hell and
that I believe you with as the last
thing because it's probably going to
piss a lot of people off but whatever
that is my idea of utopia I would love
to hear what you guys as ideas are post
in the comments I read most of the
comments on my youtube videos especially
if they're posted like one two three
days after
video went up I really like to see what
you guys say and let me know if any of
my vert like my little specifics of my
utopia you know wash over into yours let
me know thanks for watching don't forget
to like the video subscribe to the
channel and check in the description for
all the goodies I love you guys you're
amazing thanks for watching and I'm
sorry if this video is a little dumb
it's hard for me to take notes and then
process them into something that looks
good in a video without cutting and I
know you guys don't like the vlogs where
I do a lot of cutting so I just leave it
raw natural right alright guys thanks
for watching
