in the matter we can build a snowman and
we'll pretend he is Shao Kahn he'll say
are you married I'll say no man it'll
push my head in the snow and break me
for behind later on will conspire to
overthrow the government as we dream by
the fire to face unafraid getting laid
walking in Seattle the barely has snow
ever it's ok you don't need to do a
standing ovation if that didn't make it
clear enough this is Friday night mail
christmas edition happy Festivus guys
and yeah yeah whatever happy holidays
whatever real holidays you guys
celebrate today as always are gonna be
unboxing some shit that i got in the
mail and not necessarily unboxing
because often they come in manila
envelopes and envelopes regular sized
yeah whatever I'm feeling dorky today
let's go ahead and just open shit first
thing we got is this from Tim arcade to
Miss teeth Babcock when I was younger I
wanted my name to be misty like the
chick from Pokemon so misty Babcock kind
of makes me giggle let's open it I even
need my my dangerous tic for this oh
don't you just stick we've got ourselves
a legit whips not a baby bitch whip this
is like a legit whip I want to whip
something hold on let's see if I can
whip something without like killing
everyone in the world I'm not very good
at whipping obviously look at this sexy
fucking whip though oh my god this is
obviously from rubber tongue and I'm
assuming it's pleather because he's a
good boy and will never get me actual
leather and it smells like leather
though better not be leather this is a
paper inside thank you for your purchase
let's get cracking crack your whip often
don't let it become a wall hanger usage
helps extend your whips life and like
new condition
do not sort in the light condition
leather every 60 days what the fuck
referee Tong is getting punished for
this one but what I'm getting from this
is that you have to whip people often
and never do it in the sunlight so sex
dungeon maybe I can whip rubbers on with
this to show him how cow suffered for
this stupid whip poetic justice this is
the next item on the agenda
feels like a corset let's open it it is
a corset Oh another item from rubber
tongue I presume who just loves seeing
me in leather type things latex and
dominatrix outfits I think I'm gonna try
put this long yeah you think so I think
so let's do it
BRB okay so I think this is pretty hot
don't you let's put on glasses for
effect I've got this kind of bondage
dominatrix teacher thing going on and I
didn't even tighten it nearly as tight
as I can I'm just kind of afraid because
the back ribbon is actually just a
ribbon tied at the bottom and I don't
want to like have it untie or something
and then I'm just like oh so yeah thank
you rubber tongue I'm sure the viewers
thank you as well next we've got this
package that comes from the black room
in Las Vegas Nevada that sounds like a
strip club doesn't it we've got some wet
platinum silicone personal lubricant
which actually keeps your body wet when
you put on latex and then we've got
something that I presume to be latex
oh my got this latex dress oh can you
imagine how good my tits are gonna look
in between this this is gonna be great
unfortunately for you guys I'm not gonna
be putting it on here because putting on
latex and keeping it wet is actually a
process and I don't think I should spoil
all of rubber tongues gifts in public
here on the F and M video you guys got
the great corset just shut up and this
is what it's supposed to look like
that's hilarious you got to admit latex
I fucking love puns the next thing we
got here is a little box from Neal's
Kane who is one of my awesome mods okay
how do I do this in a way that will not
kill world we've got a dick box yo-yos
it says rebirth on it so the deck you
were playing this is a really old deck
box I haven't seen ones like this for a
while we have a fuck ton of the old
Zendikar lands yay I love zendikar lands
because they're literally the best lands
ever and some of these you can't get in
the new set of battle for zendikar so
I'm super excited about this I alter
these I also use them in all the decks
and I play thank you needles cane what
you're the best next we've got a letter
Christmas card time oh that time of year
again this is from Stephen are not gonna
divulge his address or his actual name
Santa got caught by the cat May
everything you love about Christmas make
your holidays a time to remember Terre
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
from you
fan Steve and there's a letter yes it's
another letter from your new fan
Nebraska it was really cool for me to
see you opening my gift box on November
27th but to be honest I was disappointed
that you were wearing that Cthulhu mask
and caulk apron while you open my gift
box and commented on the items that I
sent you you sounded happy but I
couldn't see if you were happy because
of the mask all right let's show you how
happy I am this time thank you so much
for the Christmas card I'll save the
rest of the letter for my private time
private time up next we've got a package
from Henry and I know exactly what this
is this is from jumpy something-or-other
who's one of my viewers on Twitch and I
also know him in real life we met at the
Seattle Tacoma GP and I've been bitching
a lot well other than the fact that
there's like anthrax in the middle of
this box about not having jaysis it's a
play set of Jace Prince prodigy this is
like fucking amazing and just the best
ever
these cards are like usually the median
price is around 50 bucks each and that's
why I don't play just guy blacc but I've
really been wanting to play a Jace deck
lately so I'm super excited that he
would send these to me this is one of
the flip Planeswalkers if you don't know
what that is he starts out like this as
a creature and then when you do the
stipulation on the card he flips over to
an awesome planeswalker I'm still saying
abzan I think it's time that I start
playing Islands again most of you guys
have no idea what the fuck I'm talking
about but this is like the best gift you
could get me right now Thank You Henry
on the package this is Merry Christmas
miss Tara love jumpy I just added the
love there because I know there's love
there alright guys let's see if
something in top that we've got a
squishy oh I know what this is it's the
pink Teletubby costume yes oh my god
should I be a Teletubby for the rest of
this video if you Teletubby oh I'm not
sure I think I'll put it on for the end
of the video because I'm liking this
outfit right now and as people said yeah
you don't get to see my reactions as
much if I'm a Teletubby so that gift by
the way was also from rubber tongue it's
something that we randomly talked about
on stream and he ended up buying it for
me
Thank You Roberto for being such a good
boy today next we've got a package from
Germany it's the Deutsche Post let's
open it Open Sesame
dark creations pants oh these would go
so good with this corset right now I'll
be right back I am liking this outfit
these fans are pretty cool thanks river
tongue German pants yeah next we've got
my Christmas gift from controller gals I
did a giveaway for them of my controller
that you can find in the description you
can get it in
ps4 ps3 xbox 360 and Xbox one stickers
Merry Christmas let's open the card
where spiked eggnog comes from there's a
few goodies in the box nothing too crazy
but we hope you like it being a super
Santa doll
lul thanks again for your hard work and
I hope you have a happy new year from
everyone at controller chaos PS only
sands can defeat Frieza thankfully we
have you if he returns for the third
time Frieza is so cute
Frieza final form and we've got a
special screen minions
oh my god I feel like I'm opening a
better terrified loop great oh wait
there's a bunch of people I can get I
can get Arno Altair NCO Edward Connor
Desmond Miles which I hope I don't get
or eagle vision Connor or Shane
mcCormick or Adewale Oh fucking awesome
i got open this let's see how I got boo
yeah I think I got I think I got chez
Saigon Arno fuck let's face it right now
I'm playing unity so I can't believe I
got the relevant dude little tiny baby
Arno community but there's more oh we've
got a tomb raider pin eight fallout
lanyard with pip-boy on it vaults up and
his bitch and a team hey oz lanyard you
guys should all check out controller
chaos link it down in the description
they're fucking awesome controller Cass
calm you can search for me on the
Internet controller chaos Tara Babcock
and get my personal custom controller
which is awesome by the way and they're
clearly awesome company because they're
giving back to the people who do
business with them and that's
mmm-hmm happy holidays guys oh my god
it's the next box it says hi Tara enjoy
your gift from me sale ah mesial you're
fucking amazing not only does he give me
all of the things that I get in fucking
league he has to send me physical gifts
too like as if he wasn't fucking amazing
enough I just like raped this rainbow
rainbow what just raped this ribbon
ribbon and bow rainbow that's where they
got the name from you know oh my god
yeah releases like on this bone my
OtterBox isn't even tight it's like
actually gotten loose anyway so boom
fuck you otterbox of doom iPhones
actually pink it's crazy
yes yes just yes there it is guys oh the
phone case I've had the entire almost
lifetime of my iPhone 5s and I finally
got it for my 6s plus
gay bigamy jail now my phone actually
feel small best phone case in the world
hands down here's our last but not least
box it is from Amazon like so many
others
lets us open it gift-wrapped happy
belated birthday Tara Master Tom berry
will cuddle with you protect you and be
your best friend
you will also smite your enemies with
everyone's grudge karma and chef's knife
if anyone pisses you off blow Robyn
Haley are you fucking kidding me what
did I get when I die fucking die get it
on Barry are you fucking Oh open oh this
is the best thing ever oh he's gonna go
so well my captor oh my God he's so cute
I never like I've never even seen this I
didn't know this existed it's as clean
all fantasy plush tonberry it's all
Japanese and shit oh ho you guys are
fucking amazing best couple ever power
couple to the max and you guys fucking
spoil me too and you're dead oh this is
awesome
thank you guys don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel and check
in the description for everything all
the links and all that shit especially
controller chaos and my personal custom
controller I love you guys very much I
hope you enjoy this series and I
appreciate every single thing you guys
have ever sent me you're fucking amazing
and the best and I hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend even if you don't
celebrate anything and with whatever you
celebrate happy holidays and never
forget to smile because you guys fucking
deserve it
I will never stick my tongue berry on
you see you guys in two weeks with
Friday night Vale
now let's cue some tera Teletubby action
Teletubby action boo boo boo boo boo boo
whoo this is totally not creepy right
what the hell is this
that was so stupid
bye guys
