hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week we're gonna go
over the age of consent in a bunch of
different parts of the world but before
we start if you want to learn more about
your particular region there's links
down in the description at the very top
including all the different countries
and regions of the world knowledge is
power and I like a powerful man or woman
let's start this video by talking about
what an age of consent really is
regional statutory law that dictates at
what age a person can decide to have sex
for themselves
so basically when you're old enough and
mature enough to make the decision that
you want to have sex for yourself if
you're too young to legally consent the
law sees it as no consent and because of
rampant tumblr feminism we know what no
consent means it means rape statutory
rape to be exact name such because it's
law breaking rape but not actual rape
necessarily biologically every human
being is sexually mature when they reach
puberty but in our society we have to
protect our children with these statutes
in case they're coerced into doing
something they don't have the mental
maturity for that's why we have these
laws the general rule for when you're
psychologically ready depends on your
culture and how a typical child is
raised in your society but still it's a
personal choice if you don't feel ready
by the time it's legal in your area
don't do it if you're dating someone
that's older or younger than you it's
very important to follow these laws
specific to your area if you get caught
disobeying these laws you might end up
putting yourself or your partner in jail
for statutory rape even if you're only a
year apart even if you both wanted the
sex and yes even if your parents are
fine with it so yeah be careful at the
age of legal consent you can usually
have sex with anyone with any age gap
but some places put restrictions on how
big that gap is for instance some places
put the age of consent at 16 but you
can't be more than five years apart
until you're 18 and which point you
really have sexual freedom so you can
milk fun all you want yeah this is
supposed to be educational sorry some
countries even hold differing laws
between genders sexual orientations and
whether or not it's sodomy anal all
right now let's go over a few popular
countries and regions and talk about
their age of consent laws some of them
might surprise you the Americas Canada
has a countrywide law of 16 as the age
of consent most of the u.s. is 16 or 18
with all of the West Coast being 18
except for my state Washington oh yeah
only a handful of states are set in
between the two at 17 Mexico has a very
complex law for consent the age can be
as low as 12 but there's
bunch of stipulations and gray areas
South America has places as low as 13
and as high as 18 Europe
Europe's consent usually lies between 14
and 16 with only five countries as high
as 17 or 18 some countries with the age
of consent at 14 aren't Bulgaria Italy
Portugal Hungary Germany Serbia and
Bosnia countries with laws at 15 are the
Czech Republic France Greece Romania
Sweden Slovakia and Croatia among others
Netherlands Russia which is technically
mostly Asia Spain and Belgium Finland in
the UK and more have the common 16 year
old age of consent and finally the five
countries at 17 or 18 are Cyprus Ireland
Malta Turkey and oddly enough Vatican
City
Asia agent consent laws are vastly more
complex with ages ranging from 12 to 21
and some places only permit sex within
marriage however marriage ages are very
low with some women being able to marry
at 15 and some of the laws differ
between men and women because they don't
practice gender equality as much as we
do in the Western world Afghanistan Iran
Kuwait and Pakistan and many others do
not permit sex outside of a marriage the
Philippines has the lowest age of
consent at 12 with no other specifics
beyond that Vietnam Thailand Taiwan
Syria India Mongolia Laos and others sit
around the middle 15 to 17 Africa Africa
is pretty similar to Asia with a bunch
of places between 12 and 18 and a few
places that don't allow it outside of
marriage Angola is the only place where
12 is a legal age Niger and many others
sit at 13
Madagascar Chad and many others are at
14 and most popularly places like
Botswana Zimbabwe South Africa Congo and
Kenya are between the 16 and 18 zone the
only two countries in Africa that
required marriage are Libya and Sudan
now your homework is to post what state
city region or country you're from and
the laws of consent in your area it's
very important to know what your sexual
rights are and please boys and girls I
know older partners can be cute or
appealing but please never lie about
your age you can earn your life and the
lives of others if you become jailbait
it's like a supremely shitty thing to do
like the video subscribe post your
region and age of consent and let me
know in the comments what you want me to
cover next time keep fucking legally and
when you're right
