hey guys and welcome to another vlog one
of the vlogs where I don't actually cut
anything out and I just kind of talk
about a random topic but it's high
production so it's not as rambling as my
phone vlogs hopefully today we're gonna
talk about something that's gonna
humanize me a little bit and I don't
know if that's just me being really
conceited or something or me having an
ego but it seems like a lot of people
act like is she even real blah blah blah
she doesn't have real regular human
problems and I want to show a little bit
that I do and try to relate to you guys
and maybe help with people help people
help a few people out with some of the
things that I've learned along the way
that helped me out with this particular
issue so food addiction is gonna be the
the topic today I'm gonna fix these
fucking sleeves the sleeve is so fucking
cool right and the shirt is so awesome
sky like that it reminds me of something
you would wear under things as a man
kind of like it would be like less tight
on you and you would wear something like
this as a man and like back in the day
and they're like eighteen sixteen
hundred something like that and then you
would have like a bunch of like corporal
cool shit over the top of it and it
would be like your underwear type thing
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking
about but that's what it reminds me I
would not really like this shirt so
welcome to my new cleavage shirt oh yeah
just got it in the mail yesterday so
we're gonna talk about food addiction um
because this is something I've struggled
with for a long time and I found that
psychologically I often combined the
idea of comfort and relaxation with the
idea of really good food so if I'm
comfortable and relaxed and having a
good time I often want to have like a
binge on really bad for you food so this
used to be something that I did when I
was at my thinnest this used to be
something I still did once a week where
I would binge on whatever fast food I
wanted as my cheat meal day and it ended
up being like oftentimes okay so I've
been like 155 pounds and I've been as
low as 105 pounds so 105 pounds is not
too low for someone of my size I'm 5
foot 4 and have a really small build so
weight looks kind of like really bad on
me and it's actually kind of unhealthy
feeling and it's just not great for me
and I hate it I don't like the way it
looks but
for me it's not something that gives me
any grief in terms of my emotions it's
just something where I'm like okay you
know I have another goal I need to reach
or I can't believe you know I allowed
myself to get this way this time my
weight gain happened mostly because of
the Mirena birth control that I had in
me which was an IUD that goes into my
into my uterus but enough about that it
kind of fucked up my hormones so
basically if I'm gonna take a hormonal
supplement for my birth control it needs
to have estrogen and progestin not just
progestin because progestin just ruins
my skin and my metabolism or whatever
the fuck happens it makes me gain an
insane amount of weight but anyway um I
noticed a lot that in the journey of me
trying to get back down to my
comfortable weight I would say that I
often associate that comfort level with
food so like if I'm out with a bunch of
people I don't really like to go out
with I'll just have a small meal and I
won't be like like why would I eat a lot
of bad food I'm not happy right now I'm
not comfortable and I would relate those
times with that so any time I'm done
with a stream or any time you know I've
like done something and succeeded and
I'm happy I always want to go out for a
fast food meal and off more often than
not lately I've been happy and I've felt
successful after like a long day's work
or a long day streaming or a long days
making content and I've wanted to like
go out and eat and go out and binge and
I've realized that it's just like so
that like psychological connection has
been so bad for me and I want to be able
to relax on the couch or be able to
relax and play video games and not want
to eat really bad food and not have that
be a correlation between my happiness
and my not happiness you know like that
kind of thing I started relating food
with happiness and it just feels so much
better after like a week to a month of
eating like the the right portions and
the right types of food like I feel so
much more like thin even though if even
if I haven't lost weight I feel thinner
because I'm not like retaining the water
as much I'm not like feeling like gassy
or bloated or just like full like I have
a brick in my stomach because I've been
eating so much and it just feels so much
better and it's so worth it to you know
have those restrictions on yourself and
I'm a person who kinda
just gets whatever she wants in life not
like I just take whatever I want but
like if I want to have sex with someone
I just fucking do it if I want to do
something I just fucking do it and I'm
kind of have that hedonistic lifestyle
where it makes sense to just you know
get whatever you want and binge on
whatever you want and there's never too
much of a good thing but with food there
is because my goal of wanting to look
and feel a certain way and be a certain
amount of healthy far outweighs the
amount of like happiness I derive from
eating a lot of food or eating a lot of
good food and I think it's really weird
that a lot of people don't understand
that this is actually a like lightweight
form of addiction I will go in the
kitchen sometimes and I will like
actually find myself rationalizing well
I'll just start doing this and that
tomorrow well I've not eaten that much
or I've worked out today so why can't I
just have this food and I rationalize
that to myself and I'm counter
rationalizing it's saying no that's not
a good idea I really shouldn't do it
it's bad for you it'll set me off it's
not worth the amount of time I'd have to
spend on a treadmill in order to you
know burn that like which I've consumed
off you know and I my addiction still
wins often more often than not and it's
I'm glad that with the cardio and the
working out I'm able to mitigate the
weight gain and actually lose weight and
I've been like I said 105 pounds in
between 105 pounds 115 pounds are my
happy weight like the weight where I'm
like starting to actually want to model
again and I'm like yeah and I feel great
and I feel more energized but the same
time I still like eat a lot of fast food
like on holidays on weekends just like
anytime I want um I'll go out for a meal
and then I'll like work my ass off
cardio-wise like afterwards and it's
kind of interesting to me that I can see
myself having this addiction but often I
can't have the willpower to stop it and
I think there's a lot of people out
there that there are a lot of people out
there that don't actually see it as an
addiction and they're not rationalizing
it rationalizing it they're not like
having the presence of mind and the
logic to be like whoa I'm actually doing
this to myself I'm actually sitting here
and being like this is actually good for
me for this this and this reason
and I'll just start tomorrow the next
day the next week and it gets pushed
back more and more and you end up
setting yourself back so it gets easier
I would say anything that you're doing
it can become routine and can get easy
for you like you might be like oh
there's no way in hell I could wake up
at 6 a.m. every day but after you do it
for a week or a month you become
something you can do and it's the same
for me with food if I limit my intake of
fast food or the things that I like a
lot it becomes really easy to do so and
then I can only have it once in a while
and then when I do have it once in a
while it's kind of like ruined for me
because it's like why did I just do that
it's not as good as I thought it was and
that is me realizing that that was an
addiction that that was something that
like up to my serotonin levels and you
know secreted all these happy feelings
when really it's just like you know 15
minutes on the lips a lifetime on the
hips type of thing and it doesn't
actually matter and it doesn't actually
ruin my good time or make the
comfortable days on the couch playing
video games less comfortable for me and
that's a realization you have to get
past and it's the only actual addiction
that I feel like I've actually struggled
with I might have addictions to other
things like sex but I've never had to
limit myself and I've never had to you
know be the authority that makes sure
that I don't like ruin what I'm doing
and ruined my goals and my you know
basically my life by you know fucking it
over like I've never been addicted to
smoking cigarettes I tried to smoke
cigarettes when I was younger because
all of my friends did it and it actually
made me physically ill I could never
finish a cigarette without vomiting I
don't know why but I'm very grateful for
that fact and it never really was
something that I felt addicted to doing
I've never been addicted to drugs which
is a good thing of course and I've never
really been addicted too much but I feel
like anything that secretes the good
happy feeling like like a relationship
for instance or like sex or anything
like that you can get addicted to it it
might not be like the debilitating
addiction that a lot of you know drug
users suffer but food addiction is
actually a thing and if you can you know
understand it and admit it and that's
the first you know step to fixing your
problem that's what I've found and I
really found that like when I went out
to eat with my favorite friends I was
eating a lot more and enjoying the time
more or when I was having a more
relaxing day on the couch I want to like
buy pizza and stuff
instead of just having my like protein
bars like when I'm like working and I'm
gonna like edit videos like right now
I'm gonna edit videos and then I'm gonna
go and stream for like seven hours and
then afterwards I'm gonna feel like crap
and want to lay on the couch right
because I've like been doing things all
day and in between those meals I'm
having only like a protein bar like just
now I had a banana and that's easy for
me because I'm not comfortable right now
so I'm just like doing the things I'm
supposed to do and I've found that
keeping yourself busy helps you not
overeat and helps you at least for me
because I associate it like I said with
a comfortable time so hopefully this
rambling on food addiction helps for you
guys to understand like a flaw that I
feel like I have and talking about it is
definitely look like cheaper than
therapy type thing where it helps me
realize and solidify all of these
thoughts I had about myself and helps me
overcome them and make sure that I
realize them so that like standing in
the kitchen rationalizing having
something better to eat than what I'm
supposed to be eating won't work as well
next time and hopefully you guys can do
that for yourselves as well I think that
being physically fit is something that's
taken granted of because a lot of people
think that oh you know even worrying
about you're even worrying about your
appearance is shallow and vapid and vain
but you only have one body and you
should make it your vision of perfection
you should always have goals you should
always be reaching them in your fitness
and the way you look and that there's
nothing wrong with that it doesn't make
you a worse person as long as you are
still the same person on the inside it
doesn't matter what you look like on the
outside and people will soon realize
that when more people who you know like
different things other than just you
know being a heart and soul in their
body who also look good when those
people surface people will understand
that you know you can't judge a book by
it's cover always and stereotypes don't
always ring true so I feel like making
people feel less less like they you know
shouldn't do those things and like I
really hate the whole movement the like
you know beautiful at any size love your
body fat movement because it often
perpetuates this like idea and people's
heads it helps it helps that psychology
where you're like well it doesn't really
matter
oh well but it matters a lot for your
health if you don't care at all about
vanity or the way you look or you know
improving yourself in that way if
just not a hobby of yours or something
that entertains you or interest you or
makes you happier or it makes you feel
sexier if you don't care about any of
that you have to do it for your health
and being like overweight a little bit
you know it's beautiful sex you find
whatever you can be sexy at any weight
that's true you can't be sexy at any
weight there are people who like people
who are like extremely morbidly obese I
watched a thing on a guy who had a
fetish for that and like yeah you're
gonna find someone who finds that
attractive but it's not good for you and
it shouldn't be something you strive for
if it's that harmful to you know
yourself and a lot of people just
rationalize it like oh well they say I'm
beautiful at any size but they're not
happy with themselves and they just
allow themselves to get in that rut
because it's easier than getting out of
that rut but trust me once you've done
it for a little bit and once you get
used to a different lifestyle or a
different way of eating or a different
regimen or schedule like I know you guys
have gotten ready for like school when
you're in your school years you have to
get up a lot earlier or a lot later than
you would when you go to work or you
know when you have a year off you end up
waking up nighttime or something and
you're like nocturnal like you can
change your schedule just like you can
change your eating habits and it'll be
for the better and you'll be much
healthier and just like anything the
human body is very very flexible and
adapts to like all kinds of
circumstances and situations so I wish
you luck and I wish myself luck I'm down
six months ago I think I was like 20
pounds heavier and you can see it in a
lot of the videos like I have a much
fuller face and everything and I'm still
pushing for like 20 or 30 more pounds
because you know trying to get down to
my favorite weight and then I'll start
working on like my conditioning and all
that stuff again and right now I'm just
working on fat burning and making sure
that I maintain the amount of muscle
tone that I want to so that I have that
foundation when I get down to the body
fat percentage that I want so yeah I
took fitness classes in college and I
was going for a personal training
certification but I never finished so I
know a lot about this kind of stuff and
I've also been really interested in
bodybuilding for a long time I knew a
lot of professional bodybuilders from
the IFBB and I went to a lot of the a
lot of the conventions and watched you
know like the Arnold the Olympia
and yeah I was really into that stuff
and so that's important to me and I
think it should be important to you guys
too if not just for your health hope you
guys like this video if it wasn't to
rambley I always try to make it actually
like topic centric and I just unboxed my
Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag
collector's edition so I've got like a
giant fucking pirate flag in the middle
of my area and I've knocked the whomp
off my fucking couch and things are just
crazy right now but hopefully you guys
appreciate this for what I tried to make
it and I will see you guys in excuse me
I will see you guys tomorrow for sex ed
with Tara just sex out with Tara week or
it's sex out of a Tara we also posted in
the comments what you want to see it's
sex ed for sex ed with Tara because I
have not yet chosen a topic so it's open
post in the comments let me know how you
feel and let me know if you like this
video thank you guys
