hey guys welcome for my phone vlog of
the week I actually have a topic I want
to talk about that I'm a little bit
disappointed about and that is my
fanservice videos so I initially started
the fanservice series to give back to
the people who like really support my
content and like really love my uploads
and you know I wanted to also promote
the idea that sexuality is not some like
big huge like big deal thing and it's
just like can be innocent and it can be
fun and there's like nothing wrong with
having fun with your sexuality there's
nothing wrong with being a sexual person
and I can kind of do what I used to do
or what I used to use my modeling to do
which is basically just like let off a
bit of steam sexually in a non like
actual pornographic or in a way that I'm
not actually having sex you know like
when I'm not having sex a way that I can
just like be sexy and have fun with it
and kind of be myself I feel like I've
always been a very sexual person and
that's something that you guys know
about me if you've ever watched any of
my videos basically I've always thought
that it was a very natural thing and
obviously it is very natural thing
because it's how we procreate and you
know prolong our experience here on
earth as human beings as a fucking
species as a whole so of course it's
going to be something natural that needs
to happen and it shouldn't be something
that's so taboo I don't even understand
why we developed clothing obviously we
moved to climates where we can't really
live without clothing so that's kind of
a necessary thing and a lot of people
you know don't want to see those parts
of people or want to see a more like
covered up type of person whatever I'm
not here to like hypothesize why people
wear clothes or why it's so important
that people wear clothes or why I would
want people people to wear clothes
because I would want a lot of body types
these days to wear clothes and I'm
perfectly fine with wearing clothes
myself I think they're cute I think they
give off a certain style that I want to
like portray myself in that I feel is
most me when I have like cute clothes on
I feel cool and interesting and me you
know I feel like oh that's Tara I'm look
so cute and I enjoy looking in the
mirror but I also enjoy looking in the
mirror and being naked so I'm perfectly
fine with there being a time and place
for nakedness anyway um I'm a little bit
sad about the reception of most of my
fanservice videos I feel like they're
reaching a target audience that I don't
want which is to be expected I knew they
would
a lot of perverts or people like haters
who want to come in and just say I'm a
whore like now that bothers me but
really bothers me is that I feel like
I'm not reaching the demographic I meant
to reach and I feel like I'm not getting
the point across to anyone I feel like
I'm reaching like 90% of the people that
I'm reaching with my fanservice videos
are not the people who support me not
the people who really enjoy it even if
it's not their thing and not the people
who appreciate it but the people who are
just looking for a second place to FAP
which has never made any sense to me
because porn is free it's really easy to
find even if you're white parents have
like a porn filter you know you can
still get past that it's really easy
there are a lot of sites that aren't
monitored it's always been really easy
to get porn if you can't get it yourself
you can have your you know friend get it
I know Jay used to like burn DVDs for a
friend who you know couldn't get it as
easily or something like a couple years
ago in high school like that kind of
thing is so easy to do so why would you
use just like some you know like naughty
little fanservice is supposed to be fun
and interesting as that kind of thing
and then be disappointed when I don't
make something that is more porn worthy
first thing is that I'm never going to
put fanservice anywhere other than
YouTube it's stupid to use external
sites when I am trying to give back to
the people on YouTube I don't want my
fan demographic on YouTube to have to go
somewhere else to get this thing that's
meant for them you know like if I put it
on pornhub or something in order to do
you know more sexy risque things like
you know deep throating a dildo or
whatever like the one that got taken
down if I did that I would be promoting
the fact that I'm basically doing porn
or that it's not meant for philosophical
education of just you know having fun
with your one sexuality and it wouldn't
be what it's meant to be anymore and it
would also require all of these people
who are on YouTube who use YouTube as
their daily service of getting media to
go to a different place to go to a
different place that might you know get
themselves in trouble with like their
their parents or their girlfriends or at
work they can't like do these things
with this restriction so I really like
keeping it all in one place I don't like
making people go to going to I don't
like making people go to external
websites I'm sorry I'm having a hard
time talking I
just made like the best like the most
fun video I've ever made I've uh in my
mind I've thought about making a bunch
of skit type videos or list type videos
that require a lot of editing and that
are like more satirical and funny I've
always wanted to do that but I always
felt like it would it would be way too
much effort for a little like reward
like it wouldn't get very many views
like 5,000 views for a video that took
me like three to four hours to make
doesn't seem worth it and it doesn't
seem like a lot of people would
appreciate it and therefore you know I
my viewer ship wouldn't really care
about it so it's not necessary and I
feel like I have this formula that
people really enjoy but now that I have
these two days off a week I can like
spend that on like tinkering with things
that I've always wanted to do things
that I'm passionate about and like
interesting types of new you know media
that I've always wanted to do like these
satirical fucking skit videos so I did
want a my very first one basically
unless you can't feel free to FAP which
you shouldn't because there's like
literally no editing in that and it was
just me talking about something
basically like all of my other vlogs
this one isn't and I'm super excited to
show it to you guys so I'll be editing
it right now and as you are watching
this video unless you are a patreon
patron because they're gonna get this a
day early you um should watch
yesterday's upload because that's the
video I'm talking about right now
yesterday's upload entitled youtubers
are annoying I think it's a really fun
video I think I'm gonna do one and tiled
entitled the truth about cleavage which
is going to be really great and I'm
probably gonna post it on my twitch
channel so people can kind of understand
where I'm coming from and how maybe I
differ from other girls that you know
where their cleavage apparent on Twitch
right um and I kind of wanted to bunk
the the stereotype that women who show
cleavage are imbeciles who are only in
everything for the money like really
there's not really if a woman looks in
the in the mirror and goes I look good
with cleavage then she must be a whore
that wants money and that's the kind of
thing I'm trying to debunk because
clearly I'm not that kind of person like
I don't do anything that I don't enjoy
for money and that brings me back to the
whole fanservice thing I don't make any
money off of fanservice that I've made
that a clear I've made that clear a
bunch of times anything that's age
restricted I can't put ads on I think
they still run ads on them
is ridiculous which means someone else
is getting my money but um it's by far
my most popular series and I make no
money from it and I'm not enjoying doing
it anymore I'm not enjoying doing it
because I don't only have one set up
like my apartment isn't that big there's
not a lot of space and I have a lot of
stuff so in order for me to do like
maybe a full body fan service or this
treadmill fan service that I'm going to
be doing or any kind of fan service that
isn't just me sitting at the Nintendo
couch you know being sexy like from my
stomach up like a toque or 2/3 or like
headshot range anything that involves my
ass anything that involves full-body
anything that involves a different
setting is very hard for me to do it
takes like fucking half-hour to set up
my shit and then have hard to put it
back and it's like a million things I
have to set up for it and then like I
don't really like the outcome because
the Lighting's never right and things
just never look great
and it just sucks and I feel so much
pressure to improve each like week every
time I do fanservice I have to improve
improve improve and then I get so many
down votes of people just being
ungrateful and being like oh she's a
fucking whore she's just in it for the
money you should I don't fucking make
any money and I'm not driving any
pleasure from this and it's not getting
to the target audience that I wanted to
get to so I'm toying with the idea in my
head of like completely cancelling the
series and maybe just moving into
patreon only I didn't want it to be
something that you had to pay for I
didn't want people to feel like they had
to pay me money in order to see my
content I wanted my content to be free
even if it doesn't make me money through
ads and stuff I wanted to give that to
my viewers into my fans but it really
feels like icky I don't know why it's
not the hate comments it's not the down
votes it's not the people that don't
understand the reason why I make that
series it's the fact that it seems like
it's not reaching the people who would
understand it's not reaching the people
who would appreciate it and who would
you know be like okay foot fetish isn't
really my thing but she's you know doing
a bunch of different types of you know a
sexiness that you know I appreciate her
putting the effort into it and a lot of
people are just being so ungrateful and
a lot of people are like like the
majority of people are being like oh
this is a fucking shit one be good
like not even appreciating that I put
fucking couple hours into doing
something that only was like a
three-minute little tease for free that
doesn't make me any money on YouTube
where you should only be watching if you
actually like my content and it's like
really annoying just like today I posted
um well today it's actually two days ago
I posted my 10 Instagram videos series
and back in the day when my my channel
first started it was getting a similar
amount of views but people never bitched
about that kind of content like today is
my day off I'm not supposed to post
anything but I compiled my Instagram
videos for the 9th episode in that
series and put it up and like it almost
got more dislikes than likes it's like
people are becoming - they're becoming
to acclimate 'add to my high quality
content and therefore when I don't like
surpass myself each week they get really
pissed off and it's like demoralizing
and annoying and irritating and I don't
know maybe I'm just asking for my like
true viewers and true fans to you know
make me feel a little better about this
issue or shed some light on it or
something or maybe I'm just trying to
justify the fact that I feel like
fanservice is not being it's not
enjoyable to me like I vowed that I
would never do anything unless I
absolutely had to defeat myself or my
family that I don't want to do or that
doesn't bring me joy I would never make
content or I would never take a shoot
again unless absolutely had to that I
didn't enjoy and I feel like I'm now
like going back on my word by doing
fanservice because it's like really hard
to create and I'm not able to do all the
fun things that I want to do and I'm not
happy with my body right now so it's not
as fun as it should be because what I
want to just do is spend time working on
getting that perfect body back so I can
like you know buy a new house rent a
studio and then have like a green screen
or something where I can do full body
and a second setup and like I want to
get to that point and I want to have fun
doing fanservice and I want to do it
right but I feel like right now I'm
doing is filling slots on every other
Friday that with content I'm not happy
with in what content you guys aren't
happy with and it doesn't feel like it's
completing the mission statement of what
fan
service was supposed to be so I'm just
rambling here and I'm just kind of
stressed about that particular topic and
it's weird because I know that all the
horror comments are not really bothering
me but it's the fact that I think it's
the fact that I feel like I'm bringing
in a new demographic of subscribers I
don't give a shit about like I always
tell you guys um
I don't care to be politically correct I
don't care to not offend people because
I want like-minded intelligent people
who actually appreciate my content
subscribing to my channel and if that
means I have like half the subscribers
that I would if I was like super
apologetic and super dishonest with my
opinions then so be it
I really want to create a community of
people who you know understand me and I
actually want to show people the real me
and I feel like I'm bringing in a bunch
of extra subscribers that are only there
for fan service Friday and don't
understand what it's about and that's
demoralizing to me and it makes me not
want to do the series if that makes any
sense
post in the comments if this makes any
sense to you this rambling makes sense
if you can empathize with it or maybe
there's some like job you've taken in
your you know career life that you
really didn't like doing and it left a
bad taste in your mouth because that's
how I'm starting to feel about
fanservice the first couple ones I had
so much fun with I enjoyed doing it
everyone was like this is a great series
this is so much fun I can't wait to see
what you do next and like people were
suggesting things and you know normally
my viewers would be like two literati I
think that's cool it's not meant to be
an escalation that goes into porn and
I'm there to please everyone it's
supposed to be something that I do
that's cute and flirty for my viewers
that you know throws around the message
that sex is supposed to be fun and your
sexuality is supposed to be fun and
everyone wants to see their favorite
youtuber or actress doing something a
little bit more risque and that's why
sex sells because there's nothing wrong
with it because it's a valid part of a
person's humanity and it makes sense and
it's not coming off like I wanted it to
which I guess I should have suspected I
just didn't think it would get as
popular as it would get so I thought
maybe it would stay you know exclusive
to the people who actually support my
content but it seems like it's gotten
out of hand and became not that so yeah
those are my thoughts and those are my
concerns and that's what I've been
annoyed about and I don't know it's just
been getting to me in a way that makes
me not
want to do anymore I'm not like sad or
anything I'm just kind of disappointed
really I don't know I have to go edit a
video the video that you guys should go
check out that went up yesterday Oh
fucking time ception banila a little you
guys love it when i purr on streams like
i like purring ever since i learned how
to roll my are i still can't do it I
think there's no practical usage for me
learning to roll my are I can only do it
separately I cannot like do like a
Spanish speakers do or whatever where
they roll there are in the middle of a
sentence or in the middle of a word I
still can't do that properly but I can
purr which you know people like a lot
and I feel like if I made a shitty video
where I purr for 15 minutes so while
doing sexy faces people would download
that shit even though I put the time in
to you know doing something a little bit
sexy and a little bit different a little
bit pointless for my viewers and I think
it's like really stupid I don't know
that people don't understand why I'm
doing it and I think it's for money
which I don't get any from it and they
think it's for more subscribers which I
don't want those like you know idiot
subscribers that don't give a shit about
anything but boobs cuz they're twelve
like that's not my demographic as much
as people like to push that on me and
say that it is like nobody's going to
stick around for like half cleavage
shirts they're gonna stick around for
you know the content if they actually
like the content and they're interested
in the content doesn't mean the content
has necessarily any redeeming qualities
like people watch kaceytron because it's
you know hilarious to see how someone
could be so stupid and the opposite is
true with me I feel like that a lot of
the viewers that I've gotten to know and
consider to be friends are people that
like to you know talk about philosophy
and you know have like-minded opinions
about things and you know can enlighten
me on their different opinions and it's
great and it's mature and it's
interesting and it's been very
enlightening to me and I love it but
there are some aspects of it that I'm
just getting annoyed at in terms of
fanservice so yeah I've been verbose as
possible and I apologize for that like I
always am in vlogs I love you guys I
will see you next week with a new phone
vlog maybe I'll follow up on what I've
been thinking about this but I'm going
to take a
a fucking picture for the thumbnail bye
guys thanks for watching
earn
