I wish I had more time to watch other
youtubers I basically only get to do it
when I'm doing cardio but there are some
common things that youtubers do to
really annoy me and I have compiled
today a list of those things to
entertain you hope you enjoy the first
one is over apologizing or an abundance
of political correctness so before I
tell you my story about how I was raped
I really want you to know that this is
my own personal story I don't mean to
offend anyone and rape is not your fault
I was raped at the age of 8 but again I
really hope this doesn't offend anyone
I'm really not trying to offend anyone
rape is never your fault I'm sorry this
actually happened to me recently when
watching a video the first warning was
okay but I had to skip there like to
other parts that were more than 1 minute
long where she was just apologizing over
and over it was long and it was awkward
I get it you're a nice person you don't
want to offend your viewers but instead
of coming off as genuine to me these
youtubers come off as super fake and way
too afraid to lose a big audience to be
real and honest if I'm gonna watch a
vlog I'm watching to actually get to
know the youtuber or to have a real
human connection I'm there to relate to
you or to get to know you and not a fake
version of you that painters to a huge
amount of subscribers just because
you're too afraid to offend any one
demographic with your actual opinion the
second annoyance is poor script writing
or trying to sound smarter than one is
hyoe youtuber that makes lists of videos
no I'm gonna say something an awful
English like from whom to take them from
to show you I'm trying to sound smarter
than I am
but I don't usually talk this way so I'm
not used to it and I'm not as good at
English as I'm trying to portray myself
as the from whom I take them from is
actually something I encountered in a
real video I was watching today it's
really annoying when it's apparent that
someone's reading from a script or that
someone is trying to make the host sound
smarter than they actually are which in
turn makes them sound like an idiot
another common grammatical mistake I see
is the difference is is that dot dot dot
you don't need the extra is there I get
it if you make mistakes if you're not
scripted but when you're scripted you
should proofread and make sure you make
sense in English or whatever language
you're broadcasting in the next
annoyance is overacting or just acting
fucking retarded I'm gonna act all crazy
ridiculous do I have a personality
I make compilation videos of things you
can just google yourself but please show
me you love me and I'm necessary to this
channel oh I probably don't even bring
my
scripts are do my research or editing
but you're still subscribed for me right
I'm hilarious it seems like a lot of
youtubers who are hosts of fact or list
videos try to fake an interesting
personality or try way too hard to be
funny flailing around and acting like an
idiot can really only pander to children
that are still interested in clowns at
birthday parties just don't do it it
really doesn't make me want to watch you
as a host or sub to your channel it just
kind of makes me want to look somewhere
else for my list videos and facts I get
it you want to feel important to your
subscribers at night the people who are
subscribing to your subscribing for you
and your personality but you don't have
to try so hard to show your personality
just have one and be yourself adding
undertones of personal political or
feminist agendas in your fact or comedy
videos is the next annoyance look at
this terrible mother picture obviously
once a whore always a whore even in
motherhood oh right you're not making
your show any funnier by doing something
like looking down on women who dress
sexy sure she's not a good parent but
how does dressing sexy make her a whore
that's an opinion not affect also
factually untrue by definition so
instead of your added commentary making
it funnier it's actually making it less
funny and putting a bad taste in
people's mouths stick to the facts and
commentary that actually make people
laugh and are politically neutral being
ignorant doesn't make you witty sorry
actually misleading titles and
thumbnails for blogs oh my god so I went
to prom and I had a great time and I was
drinking a lot and there was this cute
boy and we danced and I left the party
and I started drinking even more and I
blacked out and then I woke up the next
day with a used condom next to me now
was I raped I don't know but still that
was my story hey guys welcome to my vlog
today I had a pretty good day I bought a
hot tub but some girl friends of mine
came over and it was really fun it makes
a little bit more sense to use catchy
titles for gaming videos
I mean people already know which game
you're playing from the thumbnail in the
title so might as well take the funniest
part of the video and use it as the
catchy title for instance oh my god my
anus - let's play Call of Duty all of
which would never be a thing but with a
vlog all it's there to give away what
you're about to watch is the thumbnail
in the title you can word it in such a
way that sounds more interesting and is
a little more catchy but don't make it
actually incorrect
all about the content we work hard on to
be viewed but blatantly misusing your
titles and thumbnails is only gonna get
you down goats and not subscribers and
to those of you who think I use
misleading titles and thumbnails if I
title a video the tastes have come and
have a picture in the thumbnail of me
and a sexy shirt you're gonna see ten
whole minutes of me talking about the
taste of come in a sexy shirt get out of
here with your trolling the next thing
is always being late for your once or
twice a week uploads hey guys sorry my
Wednesday and Friday videos were late I
was too busy jerking off binging on
booze and basking in the small amount of
Fame that I have from being a youtuber
it couldn't be arsed to make those two
10 minute videos that you know make me
even have an income for you guys
oops we all get sick behind and forget
things but it seems a little ridiculous
even ungrateful of the life you have
when you have two videos to do week and
you can't even keep up with that I don't
know I have two YouTube channels a
stream and do a bunch of other things
like modeling and I feel awful when I
miss something or skip something maybe
that's just me now some annoyances that
are specific to gaming channels or
youtubers who made gaming channels
because it's the popular thing to do
only playing the newest or most popular
games oh the views on is less player
dropping off a bit what's the news game
buying almost Fantasy 7 remake sounds
profitable it makes sense to try out new
games I mean that's why I made the
losing my virginity series at my gaming
channel but it seems like such a sell
out thing to do to only play a couple
episodes of the newest game and then
move on to a newer game and that's all
you do on your channel and this often
means playing sequels without having
played the installments that came before
them oh I can't stand that there's so
much awesomeness to be found in indie
games or games that are older like retro
games often prefer those kinds of games
to the newer ones but that might be why
my gaming channel doesn't do as well not
actually playing for yourself oh shit
nobody saw that right I'm totally
playing this game myself I promise
honestly I had no idea this was even
actually a thing until I saw a youtuber
do it I just thought it was a thing that
troll said to discredit gamer girls that
was retarded nope actually a thing it
doesn't matter if you're bad at the game
the viewers want to watch you with the
youtuber play the fucking game with your
genuine skillset in your genuine
reactions don't pay some guy to do your
gameplay and do your subscribers dirty
like that there are the people who made
you who you are have a little bit more
respect for them we're freezing to have
scammin your gameplay because you think
it makes you more of a real gamer no hey
guys I'm going to it completely ignore
the fact that my reactions in the way I
look at character and uniqueness to my
content and just bash anyone who uses a
face camp you try to seem deep this
makes me such a good gamer I'm actually
probably just really ugly and have
nothing to offer as a personality god I
hope I'm actually good at this game it's
completely 100% your choice if you
choose to have your content not have a
face cam but those of you who do that
and then act like your gameplay or your
game Ernest is superior to those who do
have a face cam oh my god that annoys
the shit out of me I like watching live
gameplay with live reactions the
youtuber doesn't have to be attractive
it just adds to the experience and makes
it more personal anyone can play a game
but your face and your personality is
what makes it your gameplay experience
and people want to share that with you
that's and it's kind of ironic that
these types of channels call it fake
gamer girls when not having a face cam
makes it much easier to fake gameplay
hmm well that's my list of things that
youtubers commonly do that annoys me
like the video subscribe to the channel
and post in the comments about your
youtuber pet peeves maybe something I do
hope you enjoyed this video and let me
know if you want me to do more videos
like this love you guys
oh yeah in description and gaming
channel youtube.com / Tara backup games
spike
