hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of Tara Reid's Commons wait Tara can
read I've literally looked her for 3
seconds and intelligently to do so that
she's a whore
and whores aren't basically fake gamers
factually that factually can't read
right feel free to leave the video
dislike if you agree just trying to
decipher how many of you are idiots
anyway let's do this I'm sorry but this
is the biggest whore I've ever seen in
my entire life I'm only like 5 4 that's
bullshit there's no possible way that
that's true I've seen sheet male whores
that are at least 6 5 like 220 and she
looked like a fucking bitch and such
nigger dick for money for food fuck you
cunt eloquent he said it I didn't say it
I'm 18 quite short reasonably
good-looking a virgin have a dick but
it's nothing special
basically you're miles out of my league
and I would have nothing to offer you
but I don't just watch your videos for a
turn-on that's a bonus I just love how
honest you are a real breath of fresh
air you're perfect
xoxo Dave Dave oh you're so sweet I'm
sure you're perfect too at least someone
everyone's perfect to someone but you're
awesome in my book um all the titties
you have you have old titties I need my
Mexicans here for help
Mexicans unite the only reason this slut
has any views is because she dresses
like a whore and acts like one quote law
I want the D wink-wink choke me end
quote
I bet daddy wished he had a son wow you
hit the nail right on the head my dad
did wish I was a boy he taught me how to
play basketball when I was really tall
when I was in fifth grade he thought I
would be in the WNBA so I guess I should
be kind of sad that my dad wanted a boy
but then again I'm not because he said
if he had a boy he would have named it
dirt
come here little dirt my dad's great oh
wait this was supposed to be a hate
comment okay I'm offended how does come
come out by yourself
how does come come out by yourself I got
nothing this is new trend making money
buy you space to become a space coma
don't know if you know this but YouTube
is a viable career path just because you
make money off of something does not
mean you don't enjoy it and love it in
fact people usually get into
entertainment jobs because it's their
passion and being a youtuber is actually
anything but glamorous so don't even
know why I'm talking to this guy you
can't even spell
how's my favorite gamer slash model
slash hottie doing I love you Tara
Cheeta I Love You Tube Martita you are
fucking wonderful amazing and the
greatest high-five for being so awesome
and I love you back Lots creepy or hot I
could never tell these days they're kind
of wedding the same for me
hello slipknot masks you'd be a total
fag not to love futanari for those of
you who do not know that's a Japanese
term for hermaphrodites and hentai
basically now hopefully you see why I
think that comment is so hilarious
I've got nothing but love for chicks
with dicks however I think guys with
vaginas are not quite my thing haven't
seen your channel for a while to make it
simple dinah Tintin vatutin ow
Emer guru sir something along the lines
of my tits are constantly getting bigger
my German viewers can save me from this
one also my non German viewers who just
want to use Google Translate because
they want to get in my pants
fake Germans unite wow that was really
close to the Heil Hitler salute I had my
hand close though
I'm sure I'm some kind of fascists I'd
love to play the game but I refuse to
give Konami a dime of my money
what did Konami do to you like murder
your family rape your dog and then
string them up on some flagpole that's
what they would have to do to make me
not play Metal Gear Solid games you
could always just pirate it 123 K hype
Thank You Becca I love you by the way
Pekka is finished King on my twitch chat
best mod ever love you Pekka quote I
think people with fat faces should have
big beard
end quote pretty sure that's not how I
worded it I am literate I think blonde
sluts like you should get killed
thanks come on now I didn't say they
should be killed I just think they
should put a beard there's not enough to
look at that shit mister clearly has a
fat face and his super salty that I said
that I'm sorry I heard you feelings
that's me patting him on his little head
I imagined him like 5 foot too out of
shape super fat face got a beard because
of it Oh am i touching you right where
it hurts with my words
I like how clear people make it that
they're like extremely personally but
hurt by things that people say on the
Internet it's hilarious
keep it up are you maybe just having sex
and playing video - games all day long
every single day yes kind of thank you
for making that possible you're fucking
amazing half as step away from can -
whoring and to pee
actually upvoted that you can tell when
idiots unite with other idiots because
they saw something that's not even
fucking English what does that even mean
playing a fucking puzzle dating sim game
like there's a bunch of other idiots out
there like haha votes that makes perfect
sense to me like everyone speaks this
similar form of illiterate English I've
never understood why you wouldn't
swallow if it's already in your mouth
spitting is rude I can't disagree with
this statement that's like in the same
vein as me going to someone else's house
and their wife cooked and I'm just like
oh I mean I put it in my mouth as a
courtesy to you but now I'm gonna spit
that shit out fucking gross who never
swallow that and let that shit into my
body I sadly must admit that when I see
some of your videos are over 15 minutes
I just click on it and give it a thumbs
up to help you and not always listening
to all of the content I'm gonna stop you
right there first of all thank you for
being so honest
second of all thank you so much for
giving me a like even though you're not
actually watching all of the content of
course I would prefer you watch all of
the content but not everyone has time
for that shit that's basically why I've
decided to take two days off every week
on this channel because people don't
have all the time in the world to watch
this kind of stuff
and I want more my content to be able to
be watched by people who want to watch
it sometimes it's just not the best to
put out as much content as possible but
you know to put out high quality content
that people can actually watch thank you
if you are one of the people who still
watch all of my content despite having
busy lives I'm trying to do a heart here
but my fucking phone is gigantic
famous because boobs I'm famous also if
I'm famous because of my boobs I must
have some perfect it there are a lot of
people who have tits like over half of
the population
high-five for tits hi tits for tips hi
tits fake tits I'm surprised you would
even mention Xenoblade Chronicles X for
Wii U do you have a Wii U Terra Reggie
noble says blow faggot don't be such an
asshole Reggie
Neil Rob blonde is just trying to be
nice and have conversation no Neil I
don't have a Wii U but I think Xenoblade
Chronicles is pretty cool and that you
guys would actually appreciate it I know
a lot of my viewers are playing the game
right now and really love it I would
like to you to Wii U especially for
things like Mario maker but I really
have to have a play with my ps4 games
again
fuck you Reggie not everyone who's nice
is a faggot do you find me attractive
smiley face yeah I'm really liking that
gradient block to white with some kind
of triangle in there can't really tell
you're gorgeous I mean I'm sure you are
in your own way
you go boy or girl and to top off his
comments video was something extra
stupid sit turd and then he goes I had
to correct himself without actually
changing the comment or editing or
removing his retardation by simply
putting a three because knowing whether
its third or third or the turd is so
hard I mean there isn't clearly one that
just makes more sense than all of the
others protip you can edit and remove
your comments you know to save from this
kind of embarrassment but then again
props if you're just that honest and not
ashamed of being retarded alright guys
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel and keep posting stupid
shit in the comments I fuckin love
reading you guys's comments whether
they're smart or stupid but the stupid
ones just seems so much more funny to
put in these videos also check out the
links in the description and my other
youtube channel which is youtube.com
slash tear about cut games where I play
a bunch of fucking games and twitch on
TV slashed our Babcock where I live
stream league of Legends retro games and
right now I'm playing snail Bob - in
between games eel oh hell see you guys
there I'm on almost every night
bye oh yeah and thanks for watching and
commenting even if you're one of the
dumb fucks nah
