hey guys it's been a while since I've
done a sex story huh well that's because
there aren't gonna be a lot of them so I
kind of have to space them out a little
bit but today we're gonna talk about
something that didn't end in sex but
should have our almost did and it's
gonna be also kind of a stream of
consciousness for me because I figured
out a lot about myself in the last
couple years and even though I was still
this like person who was very logical
and had all of these like morals and you
know social stigma proof ness that I
have now I had that back then but I have
made a lot of improvement since then and
I'm not really feeling like I'm gonna be
speaking well today so hopefully you can
bear with me and just understand the
story and take it for what it is which
is supposed to be just an entertaining
story that's 100% truthful about myself
this guy that I'm gonna be talking about
in the story is another content producer
therefore I'm not gonna be giving the
name but I'll just refer to him as he or
his or him and he's the heat in the
story and I started having a crush on
this person when I saw a piece of
content of his that made him seem like
he and I would get along really well
together and it wasn't so much the fact
that I think we would get along really
well together it was the fact that so
many people who create content and so
many people who are in a position of
popularity are just they seem so fake
they seem like they're in it for
disingenuous reasons or they seem like
they've just kind of lost the passion
that they have for what they started
doing and the reasons that they started
doing it in the first place but this
video that he made like made him seem
like he was really in it for the fans
like there was nothing he appreciated
more than his fans and that's so rare to
me a lot of people like they might not
directly notice how much the fans and
how much the viewers of theirs or how
much the their patrons like really help
them and really make them who they are
and they wouldn't be there if people
didn't you know have the same life
experiences and feel the same way and I
feel like I was kind of honeypotted
what's the word honeydicked I guess you
would say because um I found out later
on that he was just saying these things
and they weren't actually true so um not
from from a friendship standpoint I
wanted to be friends with him because I
thought that we made content for the
same reasons and we loved the same
things and we did this
stuff for the same reasons so that was
why I wanted to talk to him that's why I
was interested in him from a
psychological standpoint and from like a
let's be friend standpoint like we could
you know be friends because we actually
you know share some of the same content
producer morals and I was just starting
with the stuff that I do now like I
didn't have a clear-cut plan I wasn't
even sure that that was what I was going
to do I was still modeling full-time so
I was just doing this on the side as
something that was a passion for me and
made zero like literally zero money for
me at the time and I wasn't even
streaming yet I was just trying to find
a way to make gaming into a career but I
was thinking that it's probably gonna
just remain a hobby the content
producing aspect of it
but that was like my my life's dream
let's just be like I can make games I
can like make gaming videos and play
games and make money that doesn't make
any sense that's not possible I'm gonna
have to continue to do something I don't
love as much as gaming in order to make
money but the part that aroused me
sexually about him was that he seemed so
goody-goody like these views we're like
oh I love my fans or oh you guys made me
who I am today and you guys are just so
amazing and you know I'm such a nice
person like it turns me on when someone
who is a nice person or supposed to be a
wholesome person could possibly have
like a very sexual deviant side to them
and I know everyone does now at this
point but back then it was so much more
fun to explore that in people so I was
like who I want to corrupt this guy but
I also want to talk shop with him and I
wanted to learn from him and stuff so I
contacted him and we started talking and
he was the reason I actually got Skype
because at that point the only game I
had played online with friends was world
of Warcraft and Starcraft and Starcraft
you don't really need to talk to people
and I barely didn't twos that wasn't
with Jay because when I'm playing tunes
with Jay I just you know don't have my
headphones in and we could just talk to
each other we're in the same room but um
well the Warcraft we used Bent like our
guild used vent so it wasn't like Skype
wasn't nothing you needed so he had me
download skype and we started talking
literally daily we would talk about
anything under the Sun and he really
liked talking to me because I was a good
listener because as much as I like enjoy
talking about myself like this vlog
channel that I have is kind of like you
know the whole cheaper than therapy
thing that they say it
it is nice to get things out and to talk
about things and to share things with
people that might have similar
experiences and then talk about you know
it from a social sociological standpoint
where I can actually find out what's
normal to other people to other normal
people like all that intrigues me and I
like talking about myself but I'm also a
really good listener to people who need
someone to talk to so I was doing that
for him and he was away Thunder a lot of
stress which I have sympathy for but I
can never completely empathize with it
because he would always talk so badly
about his fans like in private it was
all about like fuck those guys or fuck
this or fuck that or fuck the thing that
I'm making content for and it made sense
that if you have one too many assholes
like if I have one too many assholes in
chat that day or if I have you know one
too many negative comments on my
whatever or I've been working all day
and then you know some fan is expecting
way too much of me or something like I
can understand how a normal person might
be affected by that so much so that they
want to say you know like fuck them I'm
done with them for right now or fucking
them I don't give a shit about them like
that type of thing or you know fucking
this I'm so tired of this you know like
I don't even want to do anymore it makes
sense to say things like that when
you're under duress or when you're you
know tired and exhausted and just you
know sick of the bullshit basically and
there is a lot of bullshit but it felt
like he was never really genuine genuine
with the words that he said in that
video it just felt like this was his
real him the the him that he was showing
me and if I was the smarter person like
I am now if I was the you know more
caring about that type of thing person I
would have spoken up against it but I
didn't want to make him mad you know I
didn't want to like ruin my chances of
you know maybe like hooking up with him
are ruined my chances of being friends
with him and it was never in my mind
that we would create content together it
was never in my mind that I was going to
get something out of it for my career it
wasn't even like something I wanted to
do yet but in fact he was the person one
of the people that made me start getting
into streaming like a lot of people were
telling me that streaming would be good
for me because I have the personality
because I'm outspoken because I'm
different and because I don't look like
a gamer a lot of people thought that you
know back then the only it was like
three and a half years ago so back then
the only people who were streaming were
like Towelie and a couple other people
on justin.tv and then there was like me
rose and she was the only girl and she
was so popular because she was the only
girl that she had like an npc and Wow
and like she has like a grandfathered
better twitch TV like name plate that
goes next to her that says lovely like
she was one of the first and she was one
of the most popular and I was thinking
like that can't be me no one would watch
me why would they watch me but then I
started thinking yeah I mean it makes
sense I'm like different like really
different and I love games so much more
than a lot of people who are streaming
right now why don't I do it and I will
be eternally grateful for that little
push that everyone who gave that push to
me gave if that makes any sense like
anyone who pushed me to do that like I
am so happy that they had the confidence
in me that I didn't necessarily have at
first that made me do this because my
life is so fucking amazing right now but
aside from that he never would openly in
public act like we were friends unless
it benefited him like one of the worst
examples of this that I remember is we
went to a big event together or we met
up at a big event together and someone
like there was like three people who
wanted to take my picture and they were
waiting in line and the first person
took my picture and the second person
took my picture they're like uh Tara and
lay it like we hugged and we took
pictures and we talked a little bit and
when the third person rolled around he
was like okay that's enough that's
enough and kind of pushed them away and
then started talking to one of them
about how I do know who I am and that
was like the most like you know in in
manga or anime like the teardrop on the
head just like embarrassment like oh my
god what is he doing is he really that
self-centered is he really that like not
able to allow me to have a slight moment
and fame or a slight time where
something is about me and not about him
and it was just like so cringe-worthy
and awful and like the person didn't
even know who he was
and he was like oh come on let me get in
the picture too and it was like really
awful but anyway um we were talking and
there was a point where he actually
jerked off on the Skype webcam for me
while he was drunk in one of our chats
but we would talk every single day and
we were really close but he never
acknowledged me in like a public forum
like he would like and retweet and like
follow a bunch of different things but
we were never even like for a while we
were never even friends on Facebook it
was never like something that he would
admit to
that was because his career would take a
hit and that's the most disgusting thing
to me now and I would never allow anyone
to not recognize you know like I was not
recognizing my self-worth there I was
like oh it makes sense you know we
doesn't want to take a hit from his fans
his fans might not like me because you
know I have tits and they might be like
Oh fake gamer girl or something it makes
sense it's his career whatever
that's disgusting to me I would never
not take the side of my friend just
because some people might hate me I'm it
would never lie to you guys just so that
you know I have more viewers or make
more money and that was something that
was like his game plan and it was very
clear that it was his game plan to just
say the things that people would like
and say the things that people wanted to
hear and only do things that would you
know make the majority happy like my
fuck Thanksgiving video I knew people
weren't gonna like it but I didn't know
how many but I knew people we're gonna
like it I'm not gonna fucking take it
down or take it back or you know try to
you talk my way out of it if I lost
subscribers I don't give a fuck I'm
being myself I'm being honest and that
is way more important to me than any
fucking like you know bullshit amount of
you know fake fans and fake viewers like
if I can't connect with my viewers or my
fans I don't want to have them really so
I don't really care about the
superfluous people who come and like
want to hear what they want to hear that
type of thing if that makes sense and
I'm going off on a tangent with this but
this was a lot of the problems that I
had with him that I'm at at myself
because I didn't stick up for myself and
stick up for you know what was right at
that point so at one point I said we
should go get away together and you know
like let's just fuck cuz as honest I am
here he already knew that I wanted to
sleep with him or that I thought he was
attractive or that I thought he was hot
and we were already flirting and it was
already something that was like a thing
right but he had a girlfriend so he
broke up with his girlfriend and I was
going to Vegas for a shoot this is
actually where I did the the lemonade
and Lambos video where I shoot with the
yellow Lamborghini in my like underwear
and bikinis and stuff and that was the
the the traveling that I had to do so I
was like I'm coming to Vegas that's kind
of close to you do you want to come down
and like stay with me for the weekend
and he was like yeah and he was making
statements like ridiculous statements I
wasn't even sure yet if I was gonna
sleep with him I just told him I was
attracted to him and he was saying
things like you better bring condoms or
you better
bring blah blah blah you better be on
birth control if I come down there blah
blah blah and he was like saying all
this ridiculous shit that meant he was
100% in right so I'm like okay we made
plans and we stayed at the we're staying
at the Orleans which is not like the
best hotel in Vegas obviously but I like
it a lot because it has it has like a
food court and it has a movie theater
and it has a bunch of different shit and
it's pretty close to the strip and it's
really cheap like everything in Vegas is
so fucking cheap compared to here in New
York or LA that it's like whatever it's
heaven so um he agrees to come down and
spend the weekend with me while I have
to do this shoot and I would rather J
always come always but he has this work
thing and it would be like more money to
fly him down from Seattle than it would
be to fly this guy in when he lives
really close to Vegas right so we were
like okay let's do it and a day before a
day before when everything is said and
done and everything is booked a day
before he's like I want to come down as
a plutonic friend but I got a girlfriend
you got a fucking girlfriend
what mind-blown and it's just like why
would you enter into a relationship like
the day before you're going to spend the
weekend with some other chick who
clearly has the intent to do something
with you right it made no sense to me so
I'm like whatever dude I don't want to
be alone I fucking hate traveling alone
it's the worst thing in the world and I
was like sure why not I do still want to
be your friend and figure out what makes
you tick and I still had this like thing
in my mind rose like the benefits of
doubt he actually loves what he's doing
like I do and he actually you know he's
just always stressed like I kept always
thinking he's just always stressed he's
not actually like that he's really like
the person that I you know saw in the
content right the person I was you know
specifically a fan of so he comes down
and the whole weekend there's just like
this ridiculous sexual tension and it's
like mostly emanating from him and it's
like he was trying to mess with me or
something it was really weird like the
first thing that happens so I go to the
shoot and I was thinking about picking
up picking him up in the Lamborghini but
then I was like fuck that I'm not trying
to pay a lot for insurance because I
might wreck it I might go crazy I don't
know this area and blah blah but anyway
so um he we meet at the hotel and we go
up to the room the first thing you want
to do is give me a back rub because oh
my god he's so good at it
and it's like that's a sexual thing
right it's a very sexual thing and it's
just like the whole time doing very
sexual thing saying he might like at
night saying he wants to like cuddle
with me but he can't and Oh blah blah
blah this blah blah girlfriend that and
then we go the last day together well
the first thing happened I'm really bad
at telling stories like really really
bad I wish I was better because I'm
better at having a coherent thought
about like my ideologies than I am it
actually telling a story of what
happened I get like everything mixed up
but anyway um we go down to the food
place whatever there was something like
Applebee's or something there were that
served drinks but was also kind of a
diner so we ate there and he bought me
like a margarita and that was the only
thing he bought me everything else he
was like let's split and I even paid for
his food at one point so it was like
even and he bought me a margarita
because he wanted me to try it I'm not
an alcoholic and I don't drink alcohol
very often at all unless someone's
ordering for me than I'm like whatever
so I got pretty drunk and he's just like
just so much flirting from his end and
I'm just like okay well you know if he's
willing to cheat as a girlfriend that's
fucking fine but every time he kept like
he kept like backing off at the last
moment it was like does he actually want
this and he's trying not to want this or
is he just trying to fuck with me the
last day of us together now we're
actually fast-forwarding to the last day
of us together like it should have been
we go and get a massage at this really
really seedy Asian place right it's like
the seediest thing in the fucking world
and he he walks in and they're like do
you want do you want a girl and do you
want a guy like saying I need a guy and
he needs a girl to do the massage like a
female and male masseuse and I'm like no
it's fine I'll go with a girl and he can
go with a guy like we don't need you
know separate gender thing and and he's
like okay okay and then puts us he puts
me in a room with a guy and he puts him
in a room with a girl and this guy is
like old and rickety and it's clear that
they don't really have women there very
often and he's giving me a pretty good
back massage but it's like one of the
back massages that you would get from
like your girlfriend her boyfriend it's
clearly not one of those like sports
deep tissue massages and he goes do you
want me to massage your tits and I'm
like no and then he asks again do you
want me to massage your tits and I'm
like
No and then he's like he's like
massaging as you want me to massage your
button on my shirt why not cuz my butt
it's actually a muscle and needs
massaging and so he does that and then
he like keeps trying to go in for the
vagina I'm like no no pussy for you stop
and I'm telling him stop and he's like
stopping and I'm like what the fuck is
wrong with this guy I feel like most
women who go in would like be like what
the fuck and get up and slap him but I
was like is he seriously trying this
right now and I'm just like like keeping
my foot down I feel really bad for women
who aren't as confident as me because
they would either like allow him to do
it and then be very uncomfortable or
like get up and scream at him and not
know how to like actually be like no and
put their foot down without like going
over the top or something but anyway so
that was a very awkward very awkward
happening and then after that he's like
sitting on the I sit on the couch and he
sits on the couch like on the on the
edge of the couch with me and he's like
putting his arms around me and like
getting really close to me and I'm like
okay he's gonna kiss me 100% and then
the masseuse comes in and is like okay
do you want a tip and this bitch
masseuse it's like so much out of him
and tips because he doesn't know when to
say no and I'm just like here's a small
tip but he's like no more I don't
understand why people from Asian culture
are so rude about tips like when I go to
get my nails done and I tip like three
bucks because they like hurt me and like
didn't do the most amazing job and
didn't give a good massage and they're
like that's it I can't believe they have
to like I like I actually admire that
kind of openness right because it's like
fuck yeah if you feel like that wasn't a
good tip you should be like is that it
but it's not good for your like customer
base like people are gonna understand
that that's very rude and you shouldn't
be doing that for your business but
fucking that's how they were at the
masseuse place and that's how they're at
my nail place and the masseuse comes in
and kind of breaks it up and that's I
feel like that's 100% why we didn't kiss
and it was ridiculous um
and at that point I was like I didn't
want to do this anymore anyway because
he's just being fucking ridiculous and
doesn't deserve it anymore and I've
decided that my legs are closed like
that from now on so he leaves before I
do we go to the airport together he
leaves before I do and he gives me like
a big hug and it's like ah it was so
much fun
and he tries to keep
came to me every week but I'm kind of
like over it so I stopped like answering
the phone as much to tell him I'm more
busy I make myself more busy and we
don't talk as much anymore and then he
apologizes like a year later and he's
like I'm sorry for all of that but I'm
single now or I mean I'm open
relationship now I don't remember which
and he's like we should do it and then
like I'm like haha that's funny and like
I'm flirting back with him to try to see
his reaction and then a week later he
fucking goes back on it again and every
time I saw him like he knew J and every
time I saw him at an event or something
he was nice but would never include us
and anything he would never include me
and he would never include Jade it was
very much just like he was using me to
like feather his own ego or something
and I really hated that he he never
stuck up for me as a person because a
lot of people would think a lot of
people would think that I don't care
about loyalty or I don't care about that
kind of thing because I don't do
exclusive relationships but in my
opinion the way I live promotes more
loyalty because I'm loyal without the
restrictions right and I really respect
loyalty and people not like like a dog
but loyalty like that is my friend I'm
part of my friend that is my friend I
support my friend like that kind of
thing I offer that to people who I
consider to be my friends I offer that
to you guys as fans like anyone who
becomes a patron on my patreon I
realized they have their own patreon
page and they're trying to do their own
thing I try to give them as much you
know like publicity as I can and I try
to like host when I do host people on
Twitter I try to host smaller channels
and I I really want to help people live
their dreams like they have helped me do
that but like he was so the opposite of
that and only self-centered and only
thought about himself and only thought
about how that would reflect on him if
he knew me and that's like not okay to
me anymore if someone acts like that
like recently I had a guy who kind of
acted like that and I'm like that's not
okay to me I'm sorry this is just I'm
not interested in that that's not
something that's gonna be happening I'm
not even interested in you anymore and
it's just not a thing that's going on
now that I was really interested in that
guy I was just kind of having fun with
flirting but anyway this has been for
both this fucked this is the longest
vlog I've done in a while and it
probably isn't even that sexy or
interesting I don't know how I want to
do these sex topics like some of the sex
topics are gonna be very just like the
sex oriented and then other times it's
just gonna be like talking about my
experience with a guy
and I know you guys are gonna have fun
trying to decide who this was because if
I said his name you guys would
definitely know him or at least half of
you guys would definitely know him and I
don't really care about keeping him
anonymous because I feel like what like
me letting you guys know that someone
you might look up to is like kind of a
fraud is not something I'm concerned
with not doing you know but at the same
time I feel like since we were kind of
friends at some point I didn't tell him
to his face that I was gonna do this
that I should you know have the route I
should respect his end and anonymity you
know I should respect his you know
wishes to not like put a little dent in
his career I'm not out to hurt anyone
else's career even when I feel like
they're doing it for the wrong reasons
that's you know on him to make his own
fuck-ups basically but we're still kind
of friends but the friendship feels very
fake and it's definitely not someone I
would consider to be a lifelong or close
friend at all
so yeah don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel let me know how
you feel about this kind of vlog because
the last vlogs have been very sexual and
been very like this is my sexy
experience and this one was kind of more
like this is what happened this guy was
kind of a dick and this was a guy I
considered maybe having sex with but I'm
very glad I didn't type of thing and
it's also kind of like a coming-of-age
like learning my my own self-worth type
of thing so I don't know if you guys
will even like this video hopefully you
guys don't find it like um what's the
word like I'm titling it wrong sex
stories but I feel like it falls in the
category of sex stories because it was
someone that I had kind of a like
rendezvous weekend with so yeah talk to
you guys soon I love you mwah bye oh by
the way the new schedule is actually at
the end here so this is the new schedule
if you look right there you will see the
daily schedule on how that there are a
few days that I'm actually taking off
now and how phone vlogs will be on
Mondays every week alright bye for real
now
