hey guys I thought I would do a vlog
while I am waiting for my video to
import yeah yo so this is this week's a
phone vlog I want to update you on the
status of how happy I am that I have a
treadmill it's fucking awesome dude I
get to do like 25 minutes to 30 minutes
to 40 minutes however I want much of
extra cardio a day which is great and it
gives me a lot of motivation to
achieving the body that I want because
that means I get to do it anytime I want
I don't have to leave the house and it's
so funny I get like more and more
spoiled with like where I want to go to
the gym like what like five years ago or
something I was going to the gym and the
gym was like 20 minutes away driving and
then it was like 10 minutes and then it
was like right across the street and
then I'm like I need a treadmill and
that's kind of how it's been going
um and it's basically just because it
doesn't matter how long it takes for you
to drive the whole like experience like
getting ready and like making sure I'm
not wearing something too slutty or
whatever and making sure I have
everything I need it's just like ah ha
but um even though I'm still going to
the gym like every other day or every
third day I like that I can get a bunch
of cardio in whenever I want like I
could even like be playing games on my
ps4 or something and also be working out
at the same time and I know I wouldn't
be able to like actually have the
dexterity to do it if I was running and
like actually exerting myself but I
could do like like a fast walk or like
an uphill walk and be playing video
games now this is something that is just
like something I can do like I don't
know if I would ever do it I mean I
probably would it seems like something
that would be fun or I could like watch
a play games and be working out and
stuff but um I don't know it seems cool
so I I fixed some things with my
schedule and I was telling you guys that
I feel a little bit overworked and I'm
ending up like cutting out a bunch of
things that I actually need to do and
feeling bad about it and like having an
issue with scheduling and so I've
decided to on I think it is uh Thursdays
and Saturdays I'm gonna skip the vlog
Channel videos so I was finding that
it's kind of hard to keep up with like
seven different topic so I guess it's
like five because I have the the
Wednesday sex ed or the other thing and
then the Friday fans
the other thing you know um but it's
kind of hard to keep up with having a
bunch of different topics and then
people don't see all of my videos
because they don't have time to watch
like fucking seven to twenty minute
videos about me rambling about whatever
fucking topic so a lot of people miss
things and it makes sense on a vlog
channel not to upload every single day
unless it's like something like toby
turner does where it's just like a less
than five minute video where he's
walking around the house or where he's
showing what he's doing like outed like
some kind of award show or something I
don't do that I do more in depth topics
that actually take time to think about
him and should be edited I would say and
when people do edited vlogs they usually
only upload like once a week or once a
month even like there are vlog channels
that only upload once a month but more
typically it's like once a week
so it makes sense for me to cut down on
that even though the vlog Channel makes
me a lot more money
I love the gaming channel so much more
though like it's so much more fun to
upload there and I'm checking the
comments like I really like the comments
on the the vlog channel because it's
really insightful comments that expand
upon what I was talking about in the
vlog and from a philosophical standpoint
I really love the comments on the vlog
Channel but on the gaming channel it's
so nice to like reap the rewards of like
editing and having like a crazy like
highlight or you know playing through a
video game and people are like you know
lamenting with me about you know
something that's going on in the video
game or like the story and I think
that's fucking amazing and like sharing
my time with other gamers is like
awesome and playing with other gamers
it's like you can never be alone with a
video game if you're streaming it or if
you're playing it on YouTube because you
know other people are experiencing it
with you and it's like really cool it's
like I'm playing games with all of you
guys and I love playing games with Jay
and I love playing games with friends so
and it's something I've been doing like
my entire life since like the first
Mario Party I've been playing video
games with friends and stuff so it's
really cool to have like a larger scale
you know video game community and if you
guys ever want to stop by and help me
out like just like give a video a try
like especially a highlight if you don't
have the time to sit around and watch
the Let's Plays please give my gaming
channel some time anyway I don't think
that it makes sense for me to cut videos
out of my video game channel because I
have so many games I want to play and I
feel like I need like 10-day weeks or
something or like 20-day weeks even to
fit in all the content that I want to do
because I want
I want to progress the less plays that I
do so I have two episodes of each of
those each week and then I want to have
a bunch of highlights and things like
manga review which I'm uploading
tomorrow by the way will you go this is
like far off so I've already uploaded it
like a week ago I'm actually pre-empting
this video just because I had a little
bit of extra time and more things to
talk about in my life so why wouldn't I
um it's been two days into having a
treadmill and I've been using it
fruitfully I love it I get to treadmill
it out and then just like get in the
shower and I get to like put my sports
bra in my extra bra cuz I like double up
on bras when I go running I get to like
put them in the the treadmills little
cubbies and I have like my cute little
yoshi's and the cubbies and it's like
really cute and I like that I can like I
don't know if you can hear right now but
Jay is like watching Star City games
while he's running and he has it in the
speakers so he can watch or he's
watching on the TV and like it's really
cool that there is so much you can do
with the treadmill you can have like
profiles with your own programs that you
make up like if you want to do like
intervals or like hit training a high
intensity training cardio like all that
stuff is great or if you want to like do
lunges while you're walking slowly I
don't really like I think I'm I in turn
aliy viscerally make fun of people who
do weird things on the treadmill like
walk backwards or do lunges or you know
do like weird jumping like stuff that
you would do if you're training for
football like that always makes me laugh
and I think it's kind of funny and like
silly that people do that but it's what
it will what else do I want to talk
about I have some content that I've been
wanting to do lately I want to do one
called the truth about cleavage and it's
basically just gonna be me talking about
the logic behind why it's retarded that
people come in and generalize based on
the way that I look or assume that you
know the less perfect that less
quote-unquote perfect or mainstream ly
attractive I look the more I'm nerdy or
the more I'm into games and separately I
want to regard a a comment that I is
something I think about often but I
haven't thought about it recently and a
comment made me think about it again and
it's the the difference between looking
a certain way and acting a certain way
and a lot of people will tell me oh you
are so attractive or
were so attractive back in the day
before you look less plastic because you
looked more nerdy and I like nerdy girls
and the way I look has nothing to do
with how nerdy I actually am like I
don't change the depth of the things
that I'm interested in based on my looks
and I feel like it's very high school to
say that you dress a certain way based
on the music you listen to her you dress
a certain way based on your hobbies like
sure that might be like an unfortunate
you know thing that just happens you
know but it doesn't necessarily have to
happen and it happened so often with
people like girls who want to be nerds
like try really hard not to care about
what they look like and you know same
with guys it's like they live in a
certain community and then feel like
they have to look the part and I think
looking the part is actually stupid I
think you should try to be your best
version of yourself in the most perfect
version of yourself and that should be
completely separate from your interests
if that makes sense like there's no
reason why me listening to metal music
should make me have to have black hair
and piercings like that just doesn't
make any sense the piercings that I got
have nothing to do with the music that I
listen to and you know if I was that way
I'd be changing my style like every five
minutes because occasionally I get on a
you know country music bender or you
know I'm really interested in really
crappy rock like Nickelback you know and
it changes so I'm gonna make a separate
video just regarding that and I've also
been thinking about maybe when I do
these vlogs not to edit them but when I
do the vlogs with my hi-def camera maybe
I edit them and make them more succinct
and make them like five minutes or
something I don't know I know you guys
really like the raw real content but I
really do like the organization and the
perfection that comes with editing a
video and editing every couple sentences
and just making it more on point because
I feel like I do ramble a lot and that
often does take away from my actual like
what I'm trying to say and I feel like a
lot of people feel that way as well like
when something is well edited it can
also have more a more comedic effect and
I really like the communica fact where I
say stupid shit and people you know put
it in shit Tara says and yeah also I
know I feel like a lot of you guys don't
know that I live stream but I live
stream almost daily I sometimes take
like a couple days off but um I live
stream almost daily
around like nighttime early morning PST
so if you're ever up late at night you
should check it out you can find it at
Tara Babcock TV or twitch.tv slash Tara
Babcock and I mostly play League of
Legends and I also do retro nights with
J and that's where the retro videos come
from I used to do all of my Let's Plays
and all of my losing my virginity is on
stream but it was confusing to my
viewers because I would go live with a
game that they've never heard of so they
wouldn't tune in and then when I
switched to League they don't know they
don't get updated that I've switched to
League so um for streaming I kind of
just stick to the like the competitive
MOBA slash RTS experience where I'm
trying to improve my gameplay and I'm
like yeah I take highlights from that
and put it on YouTube but all of my
youtube gaming content is now pretty
much exclusive to YouTube other than the
retro stuff so if that makes sense I'm
gonna go because I need to edit this
fucking video for tomorrow and I need to
start streaming but thank you for
watching and more stuff from my phone
later imma take a selfie oh good I like
the funny one I'm gonna take one more
though normal one the funny one that
makes sense right alright bye guys
