Glitter titties so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to this
week's F&M I'm sorry I skipped last week
I took a bunch of days off because I was
hanging out with Jay it was a wonderful
Valentine's Day I watched and played a
lot of Walking Dead and responsibly had
a cheat meal of pizza that I tracked in
my phone I also now have this really
cool phone case that is actually a
working gameboy but it's like knockoff
game still very useful when my phone's
about to die anyway before we get into
this the obligatory this video was
brought to you by some terrible Kock
merch I finally got in my first flowy
tank this is the rage design if you guys
haven't seen my merch before this
actually says rage and all the like
things that make up the controller here
our cuss words like fuck and shit but
like with the asterisk so you can wear
it to work I think never worked in a
regular workplace not quite sure what
you can and can't wear this is the girls
flowy tank I actually really love this
tank but I want to start getting it in
small because it is pretty big at the
same time it has a little bit of
see-through nests which I really love
because you know I like showing off my
boobs and it makes for some great side
boobs so if you guys want to check this
product out or any other product and you
want to get 10% off click the link in
the description we're ease of access
I'll also pin a comment with a link at
the top of my comment section cuz I know
some of you guys are lazy motherfuckers
also if you guys have not noticed I got
a bunch of my pillow designs in the rage
the hype the logic and the old-school
very excited about my new merch I'm
gonna be pushing it pretty hard and
every video probably is gonna be
sponsored by it
because I don't have any actual sponsors
besides like Adam and Eve occasionally
anyway let's get into the video the
winner of the fnm from two weeks ago is
Richard C congratulations Richard C I
hope you enjoy your $25 Amazon gift card
if you guys want to sign up to get a $25
Amazon gift card or a $25 subscription
to my twitch channel linked to the
epidemic giveaway will be in the
description as always now let's take
some of your wonderful and insightful
questions first question comes from Cara
Harris she says question what is your
advice for dealing with depression I'm
gonna include here how Zoe just totally
replied and said sex and lots of it Eve
what is he doing anyway I am inclined to
agree with Zoe that a lot of sex will
definitely release
the endorphins to give you at least a
momentary high that will increase your
mood and make you feel better but I do
have to admit that I don't have any
actual anecdotal experience with
depression when people say depression
they usually just mean like being really
sad but depression is actually like a
clinical thing a chemical imbalance in
your brain where you're feeling sad for
a long period of time and there's no
logical reason why and for someone who's
not really a proponent of psychoactive
drugs like me I don't really know what
to say in that situation improving
yourself spending time with your hobbies
and people that you love that make you
feel better these are some of the things
that I would give you advice for if
you're dealing with a loss of a loved
one or a breakup but I don't think these
things that are prudent and making you
feel better for something you can change
aren't necessarily helpful in situations
where you have a chemical imbalance in
your brain
however I do randomly get sad for no
reason and it usually only lasts about a
day or until I go to sleep so if I'm
feeling really down and really not into
it I always just think to myself that it
passes because I know logically it
always does and for me that helps me I
can logic myself out of most bad
situations and bad feelings and on top
of that I'll just take it easy I'll take
a nap I'll have some good food and I'll
feel better when I wake up but honestly
for a persistent depression I don't know
thanks for your question though Cara I
hope I answered it at least sufficiently
Andrew fudge says what's your favorite
Monty Python sketches mine's Ministry of
Silly Walks the lumberjack and military
fairy well I would have to say one of my
favorite of all time is definitely the
parrot sketch the dead parrot sketch
also agree with you on the Ministry of
Silly Walks I actually recently saw a
wristwatch where John Cleese is doing
like the Silly Walks thing and the legs
are the minute in our hands it's
absolutely amazing I really need to buy
that for myself
the lumberjack song also is something
that I grew up singing to myself I loved
that shit but I think my favorite of all
time is still the reoccurring Spanish
Inquisition one you guys haven't noticed
my playlists for like random vlogs on
this vlog channel is called nobody
expects the Spanish blogs petition if
you guys didn't know now you know that's
a reference to Monty Python squidly says
question after you get like lip
injections or anything with silicone and
planted in your body do you feel it like
does it feel like there's something
foreign in you I don't know I'm just
curious good question okay first of all
no one in America because it's not
fda-approved to get silicone in their
lips in order to get silicone you have
to actually get like an implant and most
people don't get implants in their face
unless they're those people to get like
implanted cheeks and stuff or like chin
implants for the people who have like
really poor profiles I personally have
no silicone in my face with a use for
fillers is called hyaluronic acid it's
naturally occurring in the body so it
meshes invisibly with your natural
tissues and I don't feel anything at all
like if you kissed me if you touch them
if I allowed you to come in and like
squish them they wouldn't feel that
different from like a normal person
a normal person without any facial
injections for the boobs the boobs do
have a silicone casing and silicone gel
on the inside it doesn't really feel
like there's anything in there I'm sure
there are ways that I could feel where I
could feel some kind of implant
especially when I had saline you could
feel a little bit of rippling when I was
really low body fat but other than that
it just feels like I have big boobs
except for a lighter and they defy
gravity this is me without a bra but I'm
sure that there are girls out there that
get botched jobs or get some kind of
weird implants that you can get in the
u.s. or maybe just generally more Intune
and sensitive to that kind of thing but
for me there's no annoyances there thank
you guys for your questions if you guys
want to ask me anything you can post in
the comments section of this video and
I'll answer them next week and if you
happen to see a comment of a question
that you really want answered feel free
to upload it because I check the
uploaded comments first I love you guys
so much let's get into the opening I got
a really really long letter from Lucas
Taylor aka Donald's so many things but
there's also pictures so that's good
dear Tara I'm so sick of your shit
crossed out poop number F&M is supposed
to be at 7 p.m. PST every fucking Friday
not 701 not 7 or 2 or 7:30 but 7 o'clock
I haven't been writing letters lately
but clearly it goes to show when you
don't control your bitch they get out of
line women are second-class citizens at
best they are only good for plowing
beating on and for the man's
entertainment it is also completely
fucking bullshit that you took off three
days on Valentine's week this is
completely unacceptable to your viewers
smash that unsubscribe button guys you
have also been doing a piss-poor job and
dominating rubber cook so I set up a
GoFundMe page to raise money to send him
to Vegas so he can be properly taught a
lesson the link can be found on my
Twitter page at Lucas Taylor for you I
suppose that that link exists I can put
it down in the description
I think rubber town would really enjoy
coming to Vegas and seeing me I don't
want to but I feel I should leave on a
positive note if you
knock a bitch down you should raise her
up to know her place you have inspired
me lately to fap to you even more you
have given me the courage to FAP in my
office it also to me a while to get over
my fear of shitting / pooping in public
places J also has that fear I now have
no issue in pooping on sleeping homeless
people you have given to me the courage
and makes me warm inside knowing I am
making each person I poop on that much
warmer also thanks to you my secretary
walked into the office the other day
while I was fapping to you and I wasn't
bothered by this
I just kept fapping to you and gave your
picture a good money shot I could tell
my secretary was impressed I've also
included drawings of what I'm going to
do to you next time I'm in Vegas feel
free to enjoy the pics be sure to
practice using the fucking machine on
max power because that's how I plow
while sucking Jays dick very sexually
yours Lucas Taylor oh this is a picture
of Lucas hold on let me let me turn down
the fucking brightness so you guys can
see it this is a picture of Lucas and
Lucas is fucking me while I'm sucking
the new guy's dick here we have a
threesome with me Lucas and Donald
Donald is pretending that he's not Lucas
and the other way around because they
have delusions of grandeur and he thinks
he's more than one man and then here I
can't show you this picture I printed
these off guys I really liked them and
want to do you too and it's like a
drawing of me taking a like pretty good
cum shot on the chest I can't show you
this one guys there's not enough fingers
for me to cover all this stuff but it is
a picture from piti rhotic i'll post
their link in the description they do it
like really cool interracial comics of
like hot blonde bitches getting fucked
by black dudes and it's three cocks and
then one of the guys said stretched that
bitch out good the other one said keep
her busy boys i'ma fuck her tight little
ass and then she's thinking I've never
been fucked in the ass before and then
the very last one is um okay so like
there's a dick so I'm just gonna go
ahead and show you this is something I
can't put into words I don't know what
the fuck is going on here it's like a
really artistic drawing of like what
happens when someone has sex with
someone Thank You Lucas AKA donald for
showing me all of your fat material
alright we've got this i don't know what
it is let's get it open okay so this is
a buxom 'he's full on lip polish it's
like a lip plumper that's really
fucking cool it's in the color Zoey I
feel like this is probably for Melanie
because Melanie is the one that spoils
me the most with fucking cosmetics but
I'm not sure did Zoey buy me this this
would be crazy if Zoey bought me the
color Zoey's less pigmented than I
thought but that's actually kind of cool
cuz I don't often like super pigmented
gloss
thank you I'm not sure if it's Zoey or
Melanie or Demi or one of the other
girls I would put my money on Melanie
because I have to Sephora boxes here
that I surmise are from her
this is eked eyes oh yes oh my god yes
we've got another fucking Dragon Ball Z
fucking Hobby figure where I can like
put it together this is the Super Saiyan
2 Gohan and I'm not sure who this is
from this is fucking amazing I think I'm
gonna do my Bulma and this one on stream
and one fell swoop and then uploaded it
to the gaming channel you guys are so
amazing if you guys want to watch this
it'll be on twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock
and then I'll have the edited version up
on the gaming channel which is
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games but
you guys know that I cannot wait to bust
this baby out there's actually like no
pictures ooh but it looks like he's got
like a really nice bicep I've never
thought of Gohan so sexually before I
think he's underage there I take that
back
oh my god yay oh and a bro this is one
of the few oh this is the bomb bro not
the hammer bro this is one of the few
fucking Nintendo plushies Mario plushies
that I don't have for the Nintendo room
yay thank you so much a message man
discord if you're one of the people who
got me one of these and couldn't put a
note because I want to sincerely thank
you he's gonna throw a bomb alright its
box cutter territory now hi Terra here's
another onesie for you from Calvin Oh
Thank You Calvin I love me some onesies
oh yeah you guys remember a few weeks
ago I got a few onesies from little for
big and it's the company that makes like
little kid onesies for adults for like
the daddy little girl fetish this is so
cute I'm gonna put it on thank you so
much Calvin I love these cute little
outfits are so adorable first I need to
take off these godforsaken fucking hype
socks
cuz it is so hot in here I don't wear
socks often but now that I got my hype
socks I've like remembered
how fun it is to slide around on
hardwood floor alright let's put this
motherfucking bad boy on I'll be right
back I love it Kelvin thank you so much
and liked it a lot with the pigtails too
I feel like a princess this is what I
want to wear around the house well
rubber tongue licks my floors clean
Calvin you're a badass now let's open
this a fragile Oh from Sephora which
means it's from Melanie oh man I'm not
worthy of your love girl oh my god baby
fucking beauty blenders they're so cute
they're supposed to be like strawberries
these are great for under I thank you so
much girl shine beautifully metallic
temporary tattoos oh my god okay we'll
have to put this on my titties but we're
gonna do it at the end of the video
because I have to get up again and I'm
fucking lazy as shit whoo there's like a
bunch of them there's like a cheap one
we've got Terada candy gloss
we've got Viktor and Rolf flower bomb
we've got black opium woman by Ralph
Lauren does it smell like feminism wild
Fox and Stella I'm actually really happy
about all these little mini perfumes
because I've been looking for some kind
of body spray but now I don't have to
because this stuff will hold me over for
a while and we've got a Sephora mini lip
color this is a cream lip stain in the
color pink tea thank you girl
every new box I get us for her I swear
there is no box that does not belong to
Eve all your box are belong to Eve there
we go
now you guys can watch Eve while I open
packages this is a random box we're
gonna go ahead and open this random box
what is in here I'm so excited
welcome to gold status compliments of
brilliant distinctions oh this is
actually something that I got because I
signed up for brilliant distinctions if
any of you girls out there or guys get
like Botox or fillers or anything like
that
brilliant distinction saves you like so
much money this skin medica total
defence and repair SPF anti-aging
brightening it's like the total skin
medica package this is really cool you
are so cute baby a new chapter in
hydration skin medica and it's a skin
rejuvenator and hydrator she's back in
her box why are you in here I'm gonna
bring you back up
she's so Brown what please you in you
are so cute I'm gonna put this in here
with you okay so pretty
we've got another note guys I'm a gay
guy who has no interest in your tits but
I love your content always refreshing to
see someone in the public eye who
doesn't blindly follow leftist ideology
from Jason love you Jason and I love
that note that was like a really amazing
note thank you so much oh what's this
no way you got me a canon lens this is
so amazing this is actually better than
Jays now leave it to the gay guy to make
my content even fucking better thank you
Jason say thank you Jason Jason she
doesn't give a fuck about you my cat's a
leftist what you cheat are you doing why
are you so fucking cute Jason you're
amazing thank you so much holy shit I
cannot wait to put that to good use I
would actually switch out my lens right
now to try it out if I didn't have to
move the camera like a really far away
because it's a fixed lens oh shit we got
some shit from China I actually put more
leggings and stuff on my wish list now
so if you guys want me to try on things
oh no way what are you doing are you
comfy or are you like stuck as fuck look
what we got from China boys and girls
I've never seen such good bubble
wrapping it's like literally a fortress
of bubble wrap all right guys I'm sorry
let's look at boma Beaumont is a sexy
fucking playmate
oh I'm so excited about this this has
got to be my favorite addition to my
fucking Dragon Ball Z cubby what are you
doing she's so cute Beaumont got a booty
boom I got some titties don't fall out
of the box don't fall Vegeta is a lucky
fucking man that is all I have to say
let's get her base did they take out the
base it's so weird I think they took the
base out of the box I do have my own
base but it's not that kind of base I
don't know who bought this for me but
you are a badass thank you so fucking
much now I just have to fucking fashion
a base for this bitch I don't understand
why they would take the base out of the
box it just mind-blown oh I found it
what I think I'm half retarded guys I'm
gonna stick Bulma inside your box what
are you gonna do
Melanie what did you get me oh I think
this confirms that the first buxom blip
color was from Melanie because I got
another buxom lip color this is uh in
the color Melanie Wow
Melanie really I can't believe I'm gonna
have you all over my lips I can't
believe it Melanie it's like a it's like
a nude color a color that I would more
frequently wear hold on it makes it look
almost gold love it oh and it's so minty
it's way more minty than the other one
this is my favorite by far oh man she
keeps falling there you have it boys and
girls
tons of fucking amazing stuff in this
mmm that I did not fucking deserve oh my
god Jason the lens above and beyond if
you weren't gay I would have a thing for
you not like anyone being gays ever
stopped me before because anyone who
makes my content better knows the way
straight to my heart
Calvin Melanie and whoever else sent me
anything even Donald the thought and the
effort and the hard-earned money that
you spend on me it means the world to me
thank you so fucking much
if you guys want to check out my merch
and get 10% off the link will be in the
description please like the video and
subscribe if you enjoyed and now it's
time for me to go put some glitter on my
titties wow I love you guys so much
thank you sincerely oh we are getting
wet and wild up in here oh my god
I'm just putting so much water in my
cleavage we're gonna have to use the
other ones of these for fanservice
Friday because the getting wet portion
of it is so fun oh my god we've got some
serious-ass glitter titties glitter get
a glitter titties I don't know if I put
it on right but hopefully it stays until
tomorrow when I stream because I'm not
streaming today because it's been such a
fucking long day yes let's take a
thumbnail glitter glitter titties to
watch the rest of this clip check me out
on patreon patreon comm slash Tara
Babcock bye guys
