also not afraid to shake my bum very
true so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
what's up guys I'm back after a very
refreshing very amazing week off this is
like the best week off I've ever taken
in my entire life it was an amazing
fucking week I crossed so many things
off the list of things that I've been
wanting to do for so many years these
are things I've been wanting to do but
didn't because I either didn't feel like
I had time because I was taking one day
off every week and a half or so and I
just wanted to relax those days or I was
too afraid or too lazy to do them and
honestly amazing fucking week I want to
thank Jay for being amazing this week as
well for taking some time off of playing
league which I know he hates to do and
just spending time with me it was
amazing but I'm ready to get back all
right we have two winners because I
didn't announce last week's winner Sasha
Pia is the first winner congratulations
Sasha Pia and the next winner is nuit
see congratulations Louis see if you
guys want to sign up for this week's
giveaway link as always will be in the
description I think this video is gonna
be a little bit late because it is
currently two o'clock and I'm finally
able to start filming this and I know
I'm not gonna get it up by seven anyway
we have two questions this week I took
two questions from the fnm before last
because my birthday F&M for some reason
had like no questions
that being said other than the Friday
night mail there's gonna be a lot more
of my birthday vlogs coming up and from
now on they're amazing vlogs it was the
hike vlog the bouncy extreme sports area
vlog the IKEA vlog which might not sound
too interesting at first but if you're
one of those people that makes an Ikea
trippin all day thing like I am it's
pretty interesting and there's a lot of
great banter between Jay and I know
without further ado the two questions
rainy day with a Y rainy says question
how much do you care about looks versus
personality and a person you're going to
fuck whether it be multiple times or
just once what percentage I personally
feel that I care about looks 25% and
personalities 75%
I believe a strong emphasis on a good
personality a person should be reserved
for friendship and soul mate ship or
companionship long term companionship
the only time that a personality can
actually affect how attracted I am to
the person is if they're really really
really abrasive in some way that I don't
like it I don't mean like an asshole
because I like fucking assholes I like
hate fucking but if they're like really
cocky or annoying or some
that might turn me off and of course if
they're highly intelligent or there's
something sadomasochistic about them
that can be fun in bed but other than
that small percentage that only
sometimes matters I would say it's about
90% looks to me sex is physical
especially when I'm not looking for a
partner because I have Jay the person
who I would consider to be my partner if
I was going to put labels on things but
other than that it's all looks and
sexually-charged personality traits
Gabrielle Tavi Jian Horta vision not
sure asks does the wanting to spread
your seed things still apply if you are
gay or are bi and only fuck guys the
reason obviously we biologically have a
need to procreate whether or not the sex
actually concludes in procreation is
because we do want to spread our seed so
in my opinion if someone is gay or bi
they still have that imperative to
spread their seed just like me as
someone who doesn't want to have kids
and is on birth control always or having
some kind of birth control method like
pulling out insert it into my sexual
repertoire my biological imperative the
reason why I'm horny the reason why I
want to have sex is still there but
using my humanly powers for deduction I
can tell whether or not I want to
actually have that sex result in
procreation a lot of the times
happenstance makes it so that our
biological imperatives aren't met in the
endgame or we just choose not to but
that doesn't mean the reason why we
evolved that way still doesn't remain
the same all right guys if you guys have
any questions feel free to ask I know
last week was just plagued and bi
plagued I mean wonderfully made into
just a comment section about how much
you guys want to wish me a happy
birthday and thank you so much for all
of your happy birthday wishes I tried to
favorite a lot of them and like a lot of
them on Facebook and Instagram and
Twitter but it was hard there was a lot
I am fucking blessed you guys are
fucking amazing and I think that's the
reason we have nine packages this week
is because some of these didn't make it
in time for my birthday it's actually
nine packages and a letter so thank you
guys again so fucking much I won't
bother you too much with how fucking
blessed I feel you guys should know it
by now
and I'm sure if anyone calls me
heartless we're not saying thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
a thousand times everyone in the comment
section will just be like dude don't
tell her to be more grateful she's
annoying with it first we're gonna open
this birthday card letter I'm so excited
oh my god oh my god this is amazing it's
so personalized it's a picture of me
there's a unicorn
it says always be yourself Tara unless
can be a unicorn then always be a
unicorn I agree I agree I would still
probably choose to be myself but it is
pretty tempting to want to be a unicorn
for Tara cool talented clever ace and
funny too loads of fun on number one and
she's not afraid to shake her bum that's
true happy birthday from Barney Oh
Barney you're so easy how did you make
this personalized card this is cool oh
you're just fucking amazing thank you so
much Barney for all the gifts and for
this I'm sorry I didn't get it last week
it must have been stuck in my box or
something I love this picture of me too
also not afraid to shake my bum very
true alright let's start off with the
small packages actually let's skip the
small packages so they feel like if I'm
gonna be changing a lot I want to do it
later in the video because I just did my
tan so anything squishy like this I'm
gonna skip for now let's open this one
this seems like it won't be something to
wear
well done mortal you have gained the
attention of my immortal eyes serve the
darkness as well as myself and you will
receive more powerful artifacts in the
future do not fail me black dragon the
saint oh shit yes sir okay you sent me a
powerful artifact that is made in China
hold on I'm not powerful enough yet to
open it it's a box and inside the box is
well this is like a really cool ziploc
bag - it's like really thick plastic
whoa it's like a like a Chinese dragon
fucking cool thing oh something to stick
in my cleavage this is cool I like it I
like it maybe I will choose to be a good
girl for black dragon the things I like
stuff like this this this role-playing
nerdy shit it's kind of fun I will be a
good mortal I promise we have got what
looks to be a fucking thing what does it
say twist and pull okay we got it out
what is this is it gonna be a poster of
some sort a cool poster oh my god no way
yes oh my god okay I've wanted this for
a long time and I think I'm actually
gonna put it up this came at the perfect
time I've been looking for another small
poster like this like my blowme
cartridge won the NES cartridge one you
guys remember to put alongside in my
gaming youtube room which I'm working on
right now I'm gonna be painting the room
red really soon I saw a black room
I wanted painted red but look at this
it's the fucking game gear blueprints
and I don't know if it's the real
blueprints but it's a really fucking
cool piece as it isn't it's really thick
cardboard - I don't know who said this
to me but thank you so much for going
back in my fucking wish list this far to
find something that I wanted this much
thank you so much and look at this it
was patented in June 14th 1990 I was
like six months old at the time but when
I was like five or six the game here was
my favorite handheld console and it's
still one of my favorite handheld
consoles of all time other than maybe
the 3ds because I've spent some time
streaming that and I really enjoyed
doing so but back then with the short
battery life I had the extra battery
pack that made it like twice as big I
would take that shit on road trips when
my family and I went down to Seaside
Oregon every year so thank you this is
amazing it brings back memories and I
love you okay next we have this box that
is from mr. graves what did you send me
mr. graves mr. graves
what are these these are ant earrings
from geeky endeavors oh my god are they
spiders or ants I think they're spiders
oh my god let's see if my holes are
still open this is so cool he sends me
pictures of spiders and he knows that I
like spiders oh that is so cool I don't
know they look like ants oh my god
that's cool and creepy I love it Oh such
a cool fucking thoughtful gift thank you
so much mark you're amazing and you sent
me an email asking me about my thoughts
on 2a I am very very very Pro 2a so when
you come down let's shoot both in the
model sense and in the gun sense so
these three things look like they're
gonna be something to wear let's go
ahead and open some boxes I have to
actually think of a good punishment for
rubber tongue because rubber tongues
main box of birthday goodies didn't get
to me on time so I have to think of
something good for him happy birthday
from Seth this is the cutest little bag
I've ever seen oh my god I love gift
wrap tickets
I love gift wrapped gifts can't say that
I love gift wrapped gifts that are not
from Donald or Lucas oh my god did you
get me one of my oh he got me a Pantera
patch okay guys guys I want to start
collecting patches that you guys sent me
for a denim vest that I'm gonna make
myself one of the people on J's discord
it was we're showing off his and I think
it would be so fun to have to actually a
darker denim and a lighter denim and I
want the darker denim to be like metal
bands that I like all of my favorite
bands and then the other one to be a
gaming one because there are a lot of
gaming patches and this is my first
patch Thank You Seth
it's like Tara but pan and with an e
instead of two A's thank you Sam oh
you're such a badass
and I think it's safe to assume that
this will also be from Seth let's see
what he said in the front happy birthday
from said oh the stardew valley
collector's edition for the fucking ps4
jaya bye be complete yes for this comes
with a map of stardew valley so it comes
with a star devalue soundtrack which I
actually bought already it's got a mini
guidebook which is really cute and then
here's the map so fucking cute I love it
oh it's all hand-drawn and stuff - this
is the best Thank You Seth I appreciate
it so much
sorry Valley is definitely one of my
favorites indie games of all time so if
you've never played stardew valley it is
not as simple as one of the Harvest Moon
type games it's like 10 times more
intense less PG and just overall a
badass experience that goes on way
longer than you think it will definitely
recommend who are these from oh my god
happy birthday Tara we're literally
complete opposites in almost every way
and I freaking love it and I love you
keep being you and putting out awesome
content love Sara Rusch oh I hated hated
these guys in Super Mario Brothers too
fucking hated them don't they like shoot
eggs out of their fucking stupid faces
but oh my god so cute more stuff for my
Nintendo tears last week the big boo and
now these two oh I love the girly toad
does she actually have a name but I do
remember Anita sarkeesian bitching that
all of the toads are always male even
though there's many games including I
think Paper Mario that has female toads
oh it's toadette right right of course
such a trope to make her pink and have
the word ette at the end of the male
version of the name this is problematic
because women will see this and be
victims somehow I'm sure
oh also my eyebrows need to be like
really fucked up and completely
asymmetrical and the rest of my face
just needs to look like the worst
attributes you would ever see on a Jew
that would be my best Anita sarkeesian
impression anyway this is fucking
awesome loved her dad she's so cute
she's so cute if I was a toad I would
want toad
detail braids as well fucking awesome
things to add to my collection
you're amazing girl thank you so much
and now before we get to the other three
things we have got a box from Robert um
that is late I cannot wait to punish him
with something dastardly as fuck okay so
we've got a letter dear amazing
wonderful and fantastic LMT first of all
congratulations with your birthday also
congratulations with the 100th F mm well
rubber tongue this didn't make it for
the 100th FM this is 101 in this box you
will not find stroopwafels good boy
however you will find other gifts from
the list that you sent me last year I
truly hope that you will enjoy them I
spent quite some time packing everything
but of course my LMT is worth it do you
see how he victimizes himself like oh I
spent so much time doing what I'm
obligated to do already please call me a
good and true slave no you need to slave
away as you should and not tell me about
it and not ask for me to be like good
boy all the time like what is this I am
not complaining would not dare of course
okay
wishing you King J and Queenie of some
very nice days around your birthday
may I have pleased you well and may I
have written a letter without any
grammar mistakes still very awkward
clearly not really from America grammar
whoa first thing we've got and yes he
did rap all of them as I instructed him
to do first thing we've got is yarn
Poochie
so cute looky here in Pucci he's gonna
go with my yarn Yoshi
I saw Selena you know the girl that
makes my pixel art from my chokers and
stuff I saw her have this and I thought
it was so fucking cute I think she
action is a bigger version Tetris ice
cube tray good one a rubber cut oh my
god is this something to wear oh my god
it's a dress it's a fucking dress this
is so cute I totally forgot that this
even exists look at this dress it kind
of smells weird but we are gonna put
this on like right now such a cute
fucking dress
good boy rubber cook it looks great on
me of course it would be your fault if
it did not good for you most everything
looks good on me okay these earrings are
starting to make my ears itch because I
don't wear earrings that often I should
probably actually wash them mark did
such an awesome job picking out a gift
for me this is just the coolest thing
thank you Mark Oh Yoshi hat yeah
hey we've got yo she had you she had
another lemming rubber tongue did you
not know that I've gotten two of these
since I last put this on the list
my livings are actually named Lenny and
Larry what am I gonna name this one
let's name them but we do everyone
welcome Luigi warmly to my set of three
now lemmings I love him as if he was my
first but still rubber tongue pay
attention oh my god this is cool I don't
remember this either I have to grab the
lad because you can't see it well enough
look at this notebook oh my god it's
like a hologram thing we're jumping over
a Goomba and getting a mushroom it's
like Mario oh my god Mario won so good
got the names of all the original Mario
characters and then oh this is great I
love it honestly I don't have very many
uses for a notebook these days but now I
want to fucking find one because this is
exceptionally fucking cool all right we
don't have a few more whoa DK 2 PK
barrel more for my Nintendo chair I love
it you can actually stick something in
there it's like a hard cup there we go
why couldn't this make it on time oh the
Kirby dude and he's so cute
what is his name I forget waddle do I
don't think I ever knew that his name
was waddle do should we put him on the
Nintendo chair or behind my Street
well since Kirby is behind my stream
let's go with behind my stream
LittleBigPlanet panda i also already got
this recently rubber tongue not keeping
up but the good thing about plushies is
that I never have too many even when I
have two of one I can put one on each
side make it symmetrical I like that
shit oh my god it's a sight a few so
cute it's so cute he's such a retard I
love it this is like a super Japanese
import too you know because it says
Pocket Monsters instead of Pokemon I
know last but not least the lightest
thing ever
we have oh my god it's a Super Mario
backpack Buddies box of an unknown
character let's see which character we
got I'm guessing okay so I'm guessing
Koopa Troopa
that's what I'm guessing Oh oh my god we
got Yoshi
holy shit it's always good to have a oh
she very much like the things I got in
that box now we can move on to things
that we might have to put on last three
items oh my god are you kidding me it's
the full Chewbacca wookie sets just like
last week's Deadpool but Chewbacca well
put that on hold on I want to be able to
put things on in order of awesomeness
and I think Chewbacca has to go last for
best I guess okay we've got different
fishnet stockings so excited I'm gonna
use these for an upcoming fanservice
Friday so we have the really tight ones
the ones with the biggest holes and then
ones with medium size holes and I want
to put them all on take some pictures
take some sexy video and let you guys
choose which ones you like best and
they're pink I can't believe you managed
to give pink ones
so Joseph Kramer got me these and they
were actually lost in the mail so they
were supposed to get here last week but
oh my god I had no idea they were gonna
come in pink so this is like a huge
surprise thank you so much this is gonna
be fun to film if you guys want to sign
up to my patreon it's patreon.com slash
Tara Babcock you actually have to type
it in you can't search me on patreon
because I am not safe for work but these
are totally going up in fanservice
Friday's soon along with some booty
bouncing some jump roping some in the
shower wet t-shirt and some other things
I have coming for fanservice Friday see
you guys there and thank you for the
support seriously it helps a lot in fact
it's kind of imperative alright last
thing to open let's see if we're gonna
be wearing something a black one Oh
video thank you so much it's actually
for set oh my god
five cents five different sizes of
fishnet all in black there's gonna be
such a sick fanservice Friday I'm so
excited also I'm gonna have a bunch of
hot pictures on Instagram too I am
beyond excited I saw a picture of a
chick I think I saw it on Instagram it
was on one of the cosplay pages it was a
picture of a girl wearing pokemons
underwear which one of those fishnets
over the top and it was like one of the
hottest butt pictures I've seen in a
long time
oh thank you guys so much I'm gonna show
off this dress real quick then we're
gonna change into Chewbacca and we're
gonna do our best I can't do it right
now I'll be able to do it once I put
this on I swear thank you guys so much
you guys are fucking amazing
they're everything to me don't forget to
ask me questions for next week's fnm
send me anything whether it's a letter
or something you've made me all of that
stuff just the best my wish list and my
mailing address are down in the
description thank you so much and don't
forget to sign up for the giveaway it's
free to sign up link at the top of the
description you guys I love you this is
the best this is almost as good as my
birthday one it's like I had two
birthday FM's a whole birthday week I am
NOT fucking worthy you guys are amazing
bye guys thank you for watching I love
you alright one second guys I think I
need to shave my pussy Oh
