hey guys welcome to another vlog one of
my viewers suggested that I do something
on breakups and how to handle them and
what to do so I'm going to give some
breakup tips even though I haven't been
in a conventional relationship for quite
a while I have had my fair share of
kicking people out of my life or ending
certain different types of relationships
and before I stopped being this weird
non-monogamous enigmatic creature I did
have a lot of relationships in which I
had to break up with people or he broke
up with me or you know yada yada
so I feel like I'm a good person to ask
especially from a logical standpoint
because I don't put emotions into things
often so when you ask me I'm gonna give
you like the honest straightforward
logical way to do it and how to do it
and want to do it and you know that can
be used in practical application but at
the same time it's kind of like an
easier said than done situation because
you know it's really easy to say you
know when this person stops making you
sad you should exit the relationship but
it's not that easy you know a lot of the
time there's a huge emotional connection
there's time spent there's what if
there's regret that type of thing so I'm
gonna tell you a little bit about my
relationship background and what I've
done in the past and it's been a
clusterfuck and I can tell you exactly
how to do things but I don't always take
my own advice because I understand that
it's sometimes hard to do things
properly I feel like if I was a normal
relationship now I would definitely be
doing things the way that I'm telling
you to do it right now but hopefully you
can just get some tips that you can use
in your own personal lives and tailor it
to your specific needs so the last guy I
had as a boyfriend I he was in and out
of juvie and I was just sick of it and
this is why I had met Jay and when I
first met Jay we were actually like in a
regular monogamous relationship not that
we really talked about being monogamous
but it was just like a regular you know
let's date you know that's what you know
people do in society so we'll just do it
that way type of thing
at first and um I had basically started
seeing Jay before I broke up with Jarrod
and I called him or he called me through
one of his like routine like weekly
calling me from jail type things and I
was like yeah you're fucking garbage
don't ever talk to me again I have
someone way better and that's how I
handled it and I was fucking awful not
that I feel like he didn't deserve it
because he kind of did but at the same
time I just feel like there
better ways of handling that and if it
were me now in that situation it would
have been completely different first of
all the first if I want to give you is
to look within yourself and always
search within yourself and recognize
when you need to exit the relationship
and sometimes it's not as obvious and
another easier said than done aspect but
you really have to be true to yourself
and if you're not happy anymore or if
that person doesn't make you more happy
than they do make you sad then it's time
to move on if that person has kind of
grown from the person that you knew when
you first met them and in a direction
that doesn't suit you like we all move
and we all you know change in our
lifetimes and we all like evolve and if
you guys don't evolve together then you
know it's not worth it and a lot of
people feel like well I've invested so
much time into this person that it would
really suck if we broke up or it would
be really hard to do and a lot of people
just avoid awkward conversations and
they're worried about you know having an
enemy or something but you have to be
true to yourself and you can't just
settle because settling will make you
unhappy settling or feeling like you're
obligated because you spent time with a
person and holding on to a person is
just going to make you bitter and angry
and unhappy in the future and it's gonna
lead to a very unhappy marriage and
possibly kids offspring from a
relationship that isn't actually a
loving relationship and it can be hard
at the moment to let someone go and I
think the scariest thing that people
encounter is the thought of like having
someone all the time even if it's a bad
person for you is better than being
alone and that's not always true so you
have to search within yourself your own
personal preference and what you need in
your life right now and if you're happy
or unhappy or you know if the good
outweighs the bad you have to like find
that out for yourself and then make a
decision the next tip I have is to stick
with it so a lot of people will break up
with a person and then realize that
they're lonely or realize that it was
really awkward or the person will give
them some kind of ultimatum or incentive
to come back when really you're just and
getting stuck in a rut and a lot of
people will break up with the person and
then realize that you know quote unquote
they're better off with them than they
are alone and you know they're willing
to take those chances and what I've
found is when you fight with someone and
when you like really fight with someone
you kind of forget what you fought about
and you forget the anger that you
in that moment you forget the
disappointment you forget the sadness
and all you can think about is you know
I don't want to be alone anymore or I
miss this person and there's gonna be
this weird awkward period where you have
to stay strong and you have to know that
what you did was for the best and you
know if down the line things change you
can try it again but you need that space
and that time to kind of reconcile with
yourself what you want to do and it's
really important to not just like go
running back to them immediately or you
know realize it like there are times
yeah when you realize that there was
just a rough patch and you can work
through it and it's worth it and there
are times that that's the case but so
often is it not and so rarely is it the
right thing to do that you should at
least like spend a great deal of time
thinking it over before you go back I
always say that if you're an emotional
person you should definitely never make
big decisions when you're feeling
emotional you should have you know
clarity of thought you should not be in
a desperate feeling situation you should
not ever feel like you want to make a
decision just because you're lonely one
night or because you're crying one night
if you're crying if you're upset if
you're yelling if you're you know all of
these emotions that can make you make
bad decisions don't make the decision to
leave when you're feeling that way and
don't make the decision to come back
when you're feeling that way make all of
your decisions logically and with
clarity of thought because if you don't
you're going to be an end up you're
gonna end up there you're gonna end up
making a lot of mistakes and you're
gonna end up either in a relationship
you hate or without a person that you
really cared about just because of some
petty fight and you always have to
remember that there are petty fights and
then there are things that actually
matter like philosophical differences I
think are one of the biggest reasons
that people do not get along and a lot
of people end up not getting along for
sexual philosophical reasons for you
know paternal maternal philosophical
reasons there are a lot of things where
it's very important to one person and
not so important to another or vice
versa or you have just such varying
interests in your life that yours not in
a place where you can be in a
relationship with that other person it
doesn't necessarily mean that you're not
otherwise compatible like you like the
same music you like the same yada-yada
or you know maybe opposites attract and
you're just like really you know
chemically attracted to each other but
you have to make sure that if you're in
a long-term relationship or if you're in
a relationship where you're showing your
with someone else you have to be honest
with yourself and with that person and
if you can't do that and if you're not
in the same like the right place in your
life for that person it's you know best
to kind of just move on and have life
experiences and you know it can always
happen where you know your high school
sweetheart
wanted to go to college and you wanted
to stay here and have a job and you guys
really liked each other but you had to
separate ways for a couple years and you
find your way back to each other and you
realize that you grew you know even
stronger when apart and stuff like that
can happen and sometimes dwelling on
that kind of thing a dwelling is not the
right word like a positive dwelling like
hoping for that kind of thing can make
it easier to move on when you know you
have to another thing is to remember
that nothing is ever really the end of
the world I know a lot of people when
someone breaks up with them or someone
leaves them they they start to feel like
a part of them is missing and you know I
definitely recommend giving it your all
and trying to let that person know how
you feel but there are some times when
you can't that person just doesn't feel
the same way about you and you have to
get over that there's you're always
gonna feel better that's what I want to
tell you I've been so many times so
heartbroken that I felt like I would
never stop feeling this way and that
happened so many times that I logically
started telling myself I know that this
is hurting but tomorrow it will be
better in the next day it would be
better and I kind of logic to myself out
of that terrible like you know cycle
where you great relationship out of the
relationship sad great relationship out
of the relationship set I had so many
cycles of that that it was like it
stopped affecting me like emotionally I
was affected but I didn't let it ruin me
and I just like made myself busy so when
you're really really sad about something
whether it's a breakup or anything else
make yourself busy work on yourself set
goals for yourself and just work all day
I know it sounds like this crazy
workaholic terrible like tiring thing
but when you feel that bad and you can
to just logic away your emotions you
have to keep yourself busy you have to
keep yourself you know distracted it's
perfectly fine to have rebounds it's
perfectly fine to throw yourself into
your work or throw yourself into working
out working out is a great one because
it releases all of the fucking awesome
toxins that make you feel like you have
a high makes you feel happy
you feel feel better about yourself
because you're working on yourself and
you'll release a lot of stress because
you'll be just like fucking sweating
everything out and it's amazing so I
definitely recommend working out and you
know having like fun with friends you
have a couple friends that you go out
with all the time or have a friend stay
with you for a while and make sure
you're okay there are times there are
always times when people feel like they
can't go on any longer and this isn't
gonna turn into some kind of suicide you
know public service announcement but
there are times when you feel that bad
and it will always get better always if
it doesn't get better you actually have
some kind of chemical imbalance or an
issue with within yourself that you need
to go see a doctor for so definitely get
help
but know that if it's just some kind of
you know sadness from a breakup that it
will get better and it'll get better
pretty quickly if you you know take my
advice and keep busy and don't think
about it too much and I definitely
recommend though if someone breaks up
with you if you break up with someone
and you really in your heart of hearts
feel like you can't live without that
person you know that feeling like you
probably can't live without that person
but you have that feeling
you should definitely just do your best
to get that person back and make sure
that that person knows how you feel
about them because you will be asking
what if your entire life if you don't if
you let that person slip away and it
wasn't 100% transparent how you felt
about them you're gonna be feeling
really bad when you think what if I had
just been more honest about it what if I
had just done some really corny thing
and set aside my pride and we would be
together having like 50 children and
being really happy right now so I
definitely recommend like even if you
have a crush this has always been my
philosophy tell them how you feel it
might be awkward it might be terrible it
might you know end in disappointment but
the worst that could happen is you just
get rejected and then you move on to
bigger and better things and you don't
just like think about what if I want
this I still want this like you know
what the person thinks and you've laid
it out on the table which takes guts
which makes you you know bold and look
confident and he'll want you more he or
she will want you more and that's just
something that you should do for
yourself and for them to let them know
it's like the whole if you guys haven't
watched the flash so there's the main
character obviously is in love with the
girl that he grew up with because he had
some hard times and had to live with it
right so I'm
gonna be as obscure as possible so I
don't like you know ruin anything but
anyway um so he's been in love with her
his entire life and he never told her
and then she goes on and gets another
boyfriend and like you know what is she
supposed to do she's put in this
predicament now that if he ever does
tell her it's like too late they've
missed years of their lives together and
it's just really stupid to do that so
like put your pride aside put your fear
aside and just fucking go for it and if
it doesn't work out at least she'll know
that for sure you did your best and
that's like the best thing to know is
that you for sure did your best
a lot of times one of my biggest flaws
not in relationships because I'm really
good at being confident with like you
know telling people that I like them
telling guys that I want to fuck them or
whatever but um thing that I have a
problem with is giving them my all to
like contests or like some kind of
endeavor or some kind of like job I get
really I have this like fear of failure
that like what if I give it my all and
it doesn't work out and that's like a
really strong scary feeling but you have
to get over that and you owe it to
yourself to get over that so hopefully
these advices hopefully this advice has
helped at least some of you or at least
put some certain things into perspective
so you guys feel a little bit better
about whatever breakup you're currently
going through or might go through in the
future or have gone through and
hopefully I eat the nail on the head
with this I don't you know do the
conventional dating because I find it
too restrictive I find it an antiquated
tradition that just doesn't make any
sense for me in my personal life but I
have had to kick people out of my life
that I care about I have had to you know
just stop being friends with people or
stop seeing someone whether it be a
lover or a friend it's pretty much
essentially the same thing right you
know you just have to you know be true
to yourself and take care of yourself
first and if someone is toxic to you you
know that you don't deserve to be around
that kind of thing and be honest with
them and be blunt and don't be afraid
you got this
all right guys don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel let me
know in the comments what topics you
want me to talk about next time and
please check out my gaming channel which
is youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games
is highly underrated and highly loved by
me so I would really appreciate that
also I stream almost every night on
Twitch I play League or retro games or
Let's Plays occasionally at YouTube or
twitch TV slash Tara Babcock alright I
will see you guys next time
and I hope you guys watched my yesterday
is a phone vlog about my new schedule so
Tuesday Mondays and Tuesdays are going
to be like this where it's like a topic
vlog with the high quality camera and
then Sunday's I'm going to be doing a
phone vlog and then I'm gonna be taking
the thursdays and saturdays off and
doing the wednesday and friday shows so
it'll be a little like easier workload
on me so I won't get behind on a lot of
the other things that I have to do I
love you guys bye
