hey guys TGI F&M welcome to a new
episode of fan mail Friday's service
Friday night mail nailed it
Friday night mailed it or you mailed it
and I received it we have 5 whole
packages this week and I am super
excited to open up so let's go ahead and
fucking do it on this I don't need this
for do I this is the first one it is
gonna be something flats I can tell that
so a fashion model
sorry fashion models it's not your fault
you flat-chested oh I think this is
furniture aka Danu guy one of my
favorite people in the whole world
hey Tara most of the time you're a real
angel but sometimes when you have your
naughty thoughts you are a little bit
devilish so here are two photo shops I
made for you I hope you like them and
you have the series where fans can make
a video for you but can you also make a
series where you show photo shops and
talk a little bit about them and say
what you like about them let's actually
a pretty good idea I could definitely do
that I have a lot of like fan pictures
fan edits people taking pictures with
like autographed images or old magazines
thanks I like that idea so I think the
rest of this letter I'm gonna read in
private let's show you the Photoshop you
did for me how fucking awesome are these
look at that Tara but and look at that
devil Tara with her nipples my nipples
Wow Janu guy these are fucking amazing I
love them so much
now I'm gonna have to eat them frame and
stick them somewhere where like the
stream you can see thank you ah by the
way you're getting pretty good at
Photoshop alright next we have this
package which is actually kind of heavy
what can it be games manga a ball either
by your bums on amazon.com now can't
believe I am if I was actually using
regular tape let's open it up to
packages and they match my sweater and
shirts have you guys seen my sweater by
the way I've had this forever
that's how hard it is to zip up the
sweater on me literally like not fun and
my boobs are already sweating Oh
anyway I promise it hot topic on the
clearance racks and it was like the only
thing that actually fit me because
everything at Hot Topic the small is
like a large back to the unboxings the
first gift has a note hey Tara enjoy
your gift figured it was time for you to
read the next volumes and a little extra
because who doesn't love boobs
from oh yeah I love you amine oh you're
so amazing oh my bird Wars putting four
seconds here like I can't I can't get
enough of this guy's hair it like so
fucking good damn this blonde is hot
thank you amino second one it says the
same thing way to go Amazon I was
excited about two notes fuckin Amazon
you stupid let's see what it is oh this
is like actually what is this oh my god
big breasts this is awesome
no way do you guys remember a few
episodes ago he sent me the little book
of big dicks or penises or whatever now
I have a little book of big boobs
breasts and it starts off right with a
golden figure with big tits I get it now
I know why he said who doesn't love
boobs
I was thinking what just extra manga
extra boobs it's just like one of the
same right this is even better
I gotta show you something today's
alright that's enough of that on camera
next box cyanide dead it's kind of light
hours put the shit myself
yeah I'm either choosing different color
dragon vapor because it just makes my
days so much better now I feel
Christmassy because I'm wearing red and
this is green I'll see you this is from
more gives from Aminu oh got to be ready
to go anywhere mmm volume 5 of Jesus
Christ you're getting so far ahead of me
I'm really on to still that's because I
took a break to read prison school
I literally need a new bookcase for
manga like I have so much they love it
all boobs boobs boobs what could be in
here
I I don't I don't know what this could
be I have no idea is this the thing that
could have me be
anywhere's oh shit it's another one of
those things but it's different now I
can be like a man I still need to do a
video with these man I could try out the
different types and then review which
ones better
oh my god that's a great idea who wants
to watch me pee I know you do Thank You
amigo I actually never thought of that
no more dirty toilets so I don't have to
like put the seat protector down anymore
I could just take this out pee wash it
off in the sink throw it back in my
purse
not that I carry a purse actually don't
carry anything unless I'm carrying my
magic bag it's not like I can go
anywhere but the gym anyway not that
that's a bad thing anyway thank you so
much Meenu for all of your gifts you
fucking squirrel the shit out of me wow
you're awesome
mmm is the bigan yeah let's see what's
in it oh I love how little effort it
takes to open this box oh my god oh my
god it's a Star Wars Slave Leia costume
topical fanservice
I know who got me this - I think it was
rubber tongue I mentioned that I wanted
one of these and here it is hopefully
it's as high quality as it looks
yes I've wanted this forever I'm gonna
be a blonde Slave Leia alright I guess
just a blonde a slave a Jabba the Hutt
maybe you took other slaves and made
them wear this I hope it fits my boobs
anyway normally when I get something to
wear I would put it on in the video but
I feel like this would just make such a
good service that I'm gonna save it for
that so blue balls excited and the very
last package but hopefully not the least
and hopefully not a bomb is something
from China it's very squishy I feel like
it's gonna be a plushie of some sort so
I'm gonna take every precaution oh my
god I want this to work out in a way it
is very theatric let's see if I can do
it oh I did it kind of it is a bag of
fucking Yoshi's oh my god you have to
take each one out blue Yoshi purpley øg
øg øg white Yoshi - Yoshi blonde Yoshi
green energy it's the little brother of
my other Yoshi pink Yoshi and finally
black Yoshi that's racist I wonder if he
has the biggest dick this is so fucking
amazing I want to like stuff my entire
shirt
just like full of Yoshi's just like
Yoshi's everywhere like I want to put
all of the Yoshi's on my chest this is I
can't even the best thing ever it's like
you know when you put people in like a
like range of a bunch of really cute
puppies and they jump all over you and
lick you and that's like the best stress
reliever in the world that's how I feel
surrounded by like nine yo G's right now
of all different colors oh we have to
get my other Yoshi in there
Yoshi party Yoshi gangbang thank you so
much guys I really appreciate everything
you do for me and I just wish I could
give you all a Christmas present this
year would be fucking awesome don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel and keep being the awesome
person that you are because you are
fucking amazing whether you send me
something or you just watch the videos
or you just comment or you watch once in
a while because you're busy anything you
guys do whether you know it or not to
contribute to living my dreams I just I
am overwhelmed with joy like it's
spilling out just like these Yoshi's are
spilling out of my shirts I love you
guys so much see you in two weeks and
remember if you want to send me
something my p.o box is down in the
description of every video I've ever
posted that might not be true I've only
had this peel box for like two years
maybe less anyway bye
