hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week I'm gonna teach
you how to not get pregnant or to not
get your partner pregnant so obviously
there's the method that the school
system preaches and that's accidents you
know not having sex at all but if you're
like most humans you're probably
thinking fuck that I'd love to have sex
so I'm here to teach you how to have sex
for recreation love or whatever your
motivation is that isn't procreation you
know without becoming a parent before
you're ready which is a personal choice
that both parties need to be ready for
emotionally financially and they should
be on the same page philosophically some
people should never have kids so don't
bring a baby into the world before you
have the means to provide use protection
method number one is pulling out also
called coitus interruptus I love that
there's a lot in scientific name for
that or withdrawal this is when the man
pulls out when he's coming or before in
order to avoid ejaculate from getting
into the vagina which in turn can get
into the cervix and make a girl pregnant
statistics show that with this method 4
percent of couples doing this perfectly
will get pregnant every year this is
dangerous even if done perfectly because
pre-ejaculate can still contain active
sperm also you can get caught in the
moment and just not do it right on
accident 27 percent of people who don't
do it perfectly will get pregnant each
year male condoms are the most common
form of birth control most have a
reservoir at the tip in order to catch
the sperm to put a condom on properly
just pinch the tip and roll down the
shaft
if you can't roll it you have it on
backwards and that's no good they can
have lube spermicide and they come in
all shapes inside experimentation with
this is key also condoms can break and
you should never wear more than 1/2 to
18% of people using condoms will get
pregnant each year they also female
condoms oddly enough they're much larger
with rings on both ends and the outer
bottom rim stays on the outside of the
vagina their heart defines not many
people use them and they're actually
less effective than male condoms 5 to 21
percent of users would get pregnant
within a year I've never used these
before but I would assume it feels like
a plastic bag also these are not to be
confused with dental dams that are used
to protect against STDs when giving oral
sex to a woman there's outercourse
or dry-humping there's no actual
insertion of the penis into the vagina
so there's no chance of getting pregnant
but you do have to take extra caution to
not get any ejaculate in the opening of
the vagina because I can still get your
pregnant you can also just use oral sex
fingering or mutual masturbation time
aside is a topical cream that can be
used alone or with condoms to increase
their effectiveness it comes in all
types
gelfoam a suppository you name it
allowance firms
pretty fucking awful birth control 15 to
29 percent of women only using
spermicide will get pregnant with any
year and then you have a diaphragm this
is a weird cone-shaped cup that you fit
inside the vagina in order to keep sperm
from going into the cervix it's not
really used today and it's pretty
antiquated you can probably ask your mom
about it six to 12 percent of women
using a diaphragm still get pregnant
within a year and we have the sponge
which is a lot like a diaphragm but it's
a sponge that contains spermicide and
blocks the cervix there's only one brand
still available today and it's not very
commonly used 9 to 12 percent of people
will still get pregnant within a year
when using a sponge and you can get
toxic shock syndrome like you can with a
tampon if you don't take it out enough
now let's talk about the more common
more effective hormonal birth controls
the following birth control methods are
only available for women scientists are
working on a pill to prevent men from
getting women pregnant but that's still
in the works not really a viable option
yet the vaginal ring is a more effective
more modern form of suppository birth
control it's a clear flexible ring that
you insert into the vagina and change
once a month that contains estrogen and
progestin as with all hormonal birth
control methods
this method tricks your body into
thinking you're already pregnant and
therefore you don't ovulate and you
can't get pregnant it basically just
prevents new eggs from leaving the
ovaries and as a backup most of them
increase the viscosity of cervical mucus
so sperm has a harder time climbing up
there the downside was messing with your
hormones is that you can get some
undesirable side effects some of the
possible side effects are desirable but
there are things like weight gain acne
mood swings more bleeding spotting in
between periods and very rarely more
serious conditions I once got one of
those rings for free and I just wore it
on my wrist hopefully that wasn't
harmful this method is pretty effective
with only 1 to 9 percent of women
getting pregnant with any year use birth
control pills come in all different
types and levels of hormone you can even
get kinds that are meant to make your
skin nicer your hair healthier less
menstral cramping and a bunch of other
cool things these are mine by the way
I'm most out you take these pills for 3
weeks then the fourth week you get like
a very low dosage placebo so not a 100%
placebo you can even skip the placebo
week and not have a period at all on
birth control pills there's still a 1 to
9 percent chance of pregnancy there's a
birth control shot you get once every
three months it only contains progestin
and doesn't have any estrogen it's a
little bit more effective than the pill
with only 1 to 6 percent of women
getting pregnant each year the birth
control implant is a tiny
and plan that goes into the upper arm
and it lasts for up to three years it is
very effective and only has a 1% chance
of failure but certain medications like
st. John's work can mess with it and it
won't be as effective this method also
only contains progestin an IUD or
intrauterine device is a small t-shaped
device that's stuck into your cervix
with a little string that comes out into
your vagina depending on which kind you
get it can last for 3 to 12 years some
of these provide no hormones at all and
instead use copper for the same effect
chances of pregnancy or 1% this was mine
the brand is Mirena now let's talk about
some weird alternative forms of birth
control
breastfeeding us birth control or
lactation all and the nuria method lamb
for short is the active over breast
feeding your baby in order to trick your
body into thinking that you don't need
to be releasing eggs only one to two
percent chance of failure but let's face
it it's only for new mothers and then
you have fertility awareness methods
which is basically just like tracking
when you ovulate and not having sex at
those times you know keeping sperm out
of the vagina when you're ovulating so
you can't get pregnant there's a
calendar method a temperature method and
more when well done there's still a 24
percent chance of women getting pregnant
so it's not that great but some people
like to use it because they say it's a
little bit more natural how about the
permanent forms of birth control for men
and women well as I'm sure you know men
can get a vasectomy and women can be
sterilized a woman's fallopian tubes are
closed in this method and a man's sperm
tubes are snipped or blocked these
methods can sometimes be reversible but
that's not advised so they want to make
real sure that you never want a baby in
fact in most states and countries
there's laws to how old you have to be
and how many kids you already have to
have I've been trying to do it since I
was like 16 in both cases they're almost
100% effective so lastly what happens if
you're getting in the moment and you
forget to use birth control or your
birth control method fails like for
instance your condom breaks what do you
do then well there's an emergency
contraceptive called the morning-after
pill
depending on which pill you choose this
can be effective at preventing pregnancy
up to 72 hours and five days after
intercourse you can buy it over the
counter for like 50 bucks at most
drugstores or even get it for free at a
sexual health clinic I recommend talking
to your doctor and finding out which
method is right for you everyone is
different and if you're a lot younger
and you're afraid your parents are gonna
find out if you live in the u.s. there
are a lot of free clinics like Planned
Parenthood that will take you in for
free and will offer you a
confidentiality agreement so your
parents can never know it's better to be
safe than sorry if you want to have sex
you're probably gonna do it anyway
so you might as well be safe while doing
it you don't want to tell your parents
and you're a woman you can always tell
your mom that you want the birth control
pill to regulate your periods or to make
your skin clear I've personally used
birth control
I used yaz or Yasmin from the time I was
14 to 19 then I took a break and used
condoms with new partners and the pull
method with Jay and now I'm back on the
pill I've also tried an IUD and I do not
recommend it it works for a lot of women
but the fact that it only offers
progestin and not estrogen as well put
my whole body out of whack
having a lot more emulated testosterone
screwed up my skin and made me gain a
lot of weight and I was bleeding the
entire time it was fucking awful I'm so
glad that I went back to the pill my
skin cleared up and I'm losing weight
and everything is going back to normal
body's back in synch
so if you feel like your birth control
method is fucking you up try something
different
listen to your body it knows what it's
talking about alright guys I hope this
helps let me know in the comments what
you think which birth control method
you've tried and if this helps you out
also I want to hear from you guys which
topic you want me to tackle next time on
sex ed with Tara like the video
subscribe to the channel check out my
gaming channel at youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games and my livestream at
twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock I'm on most
nights and as always keep fucking but do
it safely until next time
