hey guys you guys ready for another
gross sexual topic oh yeah let's talk
about sex on her period so often I have
this weird issue with my body where even
though I'm taking birth control and
that's supposed to regulate my period I
will randomly have a longer period than
normal and it's like spotting and not
that much blood sorry for the TMI I know
a lot of you guys are gonna hate me for
this but um it's kind of annoying for my
sex life because the only thing I don't
like about jr. when it comes to sex is
the fact that he won't have sex with me
on my period and before you decide that
aw he's so fucked up I know there's
gonna be a lot of people in the comments
saying like oh well I would totally do
that why would I not do that or what's
the big deal or oh my god if I had the
chance to bang you I would totally do it
period or not type thing and a lot of
guys are gonna be saying the opposite
and I kind of empathize and understand
the opposite of saying fuck yeah let's
do it
but think about it this way to the guys
that are saying that obviously I would
do it Jay isn't like pushed to be solo
when I'm on my period it's not like a
week of no sexual contact you know like
he can have sex with me anytime he wants
and I think he kind of wants to maximize
the you know goodness of sex that we
have or whatever so like he's not
desperate for sex and it's kind of sad
in society because you know if you want
to call girls like me a slut you kind of
can't be mad when your girlfriend won't
put out or when you can't find a sexual
partner you know it's you can't have the
fucking chocolate and eat it or river
the fuck this stupid saying is that I
don't I don't only like use sayings I
think they're kind of overplayed and I
can find better vocabulary words and
better phrases and things to say and I
can make up my own right but anyway so
like we still have a bunch of things
sexually that we can do and it's the
same for me and any other guy you know
like there's still mutual masturbation
there's still you know giving him a
blowjob and a bunch of different things
that we can do so it's like why have sex
with me on my period so I'm probably
gonna be posting a what's it called the
thing that allows me to do a poll what
is it a straw poll probably gonna pose a
straw poll in the description and
probably in the comments as well so if
you want to up vote the comments that
people see it and vote on it I'm gonna
be asking if you would have sex with me
or any hot
that you come across on their period and
I want you to think about if it's the
perfect ideal situation I'm not talking
about like you haven't had sex for a
month and then the hottest girl in the
world comes up to you and she's like hey
you want to have sex only drawback I'm
on my period I'm talking about like
actually you can have sex with her
whenever you want and you're in a
relationship and if you don't have sex
they'll still give you a blowjob type
thing and she's never gonna hold out on
you for any kind of sexual favors like
that kind of relationship would you
still do it if your initial answer was
yes or would you kind of be more picky
because you are allowed to be picky it's
kind of like the whole beggars can't be
choosers thing and there I go again
using another overplayed saying but um
you get what I mean right it's like if
you're spoiled sexually you kind of
start being like well I don't want to do
the things that I normally don't like to
do but for him he says that like it gets
like scratchy ER and dryer even if we
use Lube I don't really usually need to
use Lube in my own sexual experiences
because I use a lot of saliva before
hand and stuff so it's pretty easy for
me to get wet as well and it's not hard
you know to not be dry basically
especially with Jay when I'm using a
condom I do like to use extra Lube
because lubed condoms are not lubed
enough they want you to be able to put
the condom on and not get a lot of Lube
on the inside so it ends up like
slipping off or something so they they
like lightly lube it but you probably
really want to use like a water-based
lubricant as well with your latex
condoms because it can get pretty dry if
she is not effectively lubed up and I
just like pulled a bunch of hair out I
brushed my hair and then I forgot to go
like this which takes out all the extra
hair but anyway um so yeah I think that
it is um kind of understandable that
someone would want to do that but the
same time I'm like super salty because I
want to be able to do that I've been
with guys before who will have sex with
me on my period and yeah it is messy and
especially if I meant like the height of
my period where it's just like blood-red
like Flo type thing it can be messy and
you want to put a towel down or like
paper towels I guess I would say or wash
the bedsheets right away because blood
will come out of things it's kind of
funny how like I know how blood will
come out of things I'm not a murderer I
swear but blood will come out of things
like in ketchup
Matta thinks anything that's like really
red and has a lot of like pigment to it
it'll come out if you like quickly wash
it or you use there's like a pen there's
like a bleach pen and a pen for colors
from Clorox and it's like a a yellow or
an orange slash blue pen should look it
up if you need to get rid of stains but
it is like a miracle with getting rid of
stains and that's something you can use
as well so it's not that big of a deal
and I'm not opposed to like getting down
and dirty and like fucking things up for
sex like often I'll have like my makeup
all done and I'll be ready to do things
that I'm like let's have sex
he's like can I not come in your face
and I'm like no you can totally come on
my face it's okay I'll just fix it it's
fine it's good it's all good and then
like it gets in my eye and I'm like god
dammit now I've got like these red eyes
and it just makes it even worse does I
have red eyes from like staring at
lights and fucking playing video games
all day and staring at screens and the
blue light is a burn it's just the worst
but I can't say no to good sex I don't
like what can I say
but anyway um I was thinking about it
earlier what I was going to say in this
video and it's kind of funny because I
was also thinking about the fact that a
lot of people you know it sucks for men
to date but it also doesn't suck that
bad because it's their fault
like the whole slut-shaming thing and
the whole like warning a virgin and the
whole like looking down on a girl who's
sexual it's like they want a girl who
will only have sex with them but how
does this girl know that you're the one
and therefore a lot of girls are being
like held down sexually in society and
they're sitting there going like well I
don't know if he's the one and if I have
sex with this guy and if I allow myself
to be you know sexually guided then the
next guy won't want me and like all
because of sluts and if he takes
pictures or tells his friends oh my god
my reputation is blown like I'm really
glad that I'm not set that I'm not
sexually repressed like that because I
would have such a weird sex life and I
feel like people just shouldn't worry
about that and on mens end and other
women's and you should understand that
we're all sexual beings and there's
nothing wrong with exploring your
sexuality and enjoying it in abundance
even and it's kind of funny that men
always want sex and men bitch about how
men are more sexual than women and you
know they can't get their girl to do
certain things and you know their girls
are saying like oh well only a whore
would do that kind of thing well that's
because you put that into her head and
society put that into her head is
something that's like not okay so now
you are becoming a beggar who's trying
to be a chooser you're like
Oh God I want sex every second of my
life I'm so horny all the time I'm a guy
obviously but then I'm shaming these
girls that are actually enjoying it and
like you know fapping to these girls in
porn who I'm calling whores and
disrespecting it's just like a stupid
stupid state stigman society because
everyone loves sex that's why sex sells
and it's not a bad thing like when
people say oh you're selling your body
that means that person is like a bad
person or has no morals but like what
about the same guy who is really strong
and he is employed because of his strong
body or like men who are also modeling
how they're never called whores it's
like you know cool if you could be a
male model and make money off of it or
being GQ and those guys are like you
know the guys the girls like and the
guys that other guys are jealous of and
it's just kind of stupid and I've just
kind of I feel like transcended past
that because nothing that anyone says
about me being a slut can bother me
because if what I'm doing makes me a
quote-unquote slut well I enjoy doing
that so it doesn't matter what anyone
else thinks with me as long as I'm safe
as long as I'm happy as long as I'm
doing what I want I'm not going against
my own moral compass it doesn't fucking
matter so anyway if you don't want to
you know be vaping for a week or you
know not get blowjobs from your girl try
to be a little bit more understanding of
woman's you know femininity and
sexuality because they all have it and
they were pressing it because society's
telling them to so kind of nurture that
a little bit more and you know be happy
for the quote-unquote sluts in the world
and don't degrade them because they're
actually the ones giving you sex and a
lot of people don't even know the
definition of slut they think that slut
can be a way that you dress they're like
oh she's a slot to look at the way she
dresses it's totally fine to be like oh
Tara looks like a slut or she dresses
like a slut that's fine but like to have
this like idiotic preconceived notion
generalization bullshit where it's just
like Oh a girl dresses a certain way she
must have like an innumerable amount of
sexual partners it's just absolutely
retarded or like I'm gonna do a video
more focused on this topic but when
people say like oh I was more attracted
to you when you were less plastic
because you looked more nerdy and
down-to-earth I'm still just as nerdy
and down-to-earth the way I look is like
completely separate from my actual
hobbies like boo a look
and then I have like 400 others and they
don't pertain to how attractive or
unattractive I am and it's just like
really stupid that people can't see past
certain stigmas to make their own actual
informed opinions and that's what I say
like I just finished a sample box video
and that's what I say in sample box like
don't take my word for it I'm telling
you it's healthy I'm telling it's you
I'm telling you the vaping is more
healthy than cigarettes but you know you
should do your own fucking research and
have your own mind don't just like even
if you look up to someone or you respect
someone don't just like listen to them
and take their you know words as gospel
that's you know we're fucking things
like religion stem from someone like
said something and it was like passed
through a telephone and now on the other
end we've got people that can turn water
into wine and you should obey them or
you got a fucking fiery hell and it's
just ridiculous so that kind of went off
on a tangent but my question is would
you have sex with a girl on her period
if so would you have sex with a girl on
her period if you got to be really
choosy and instead you get a blowjob or
just wait a couple days or you know have
some fun like watching porn with her
while you guys mutually masturbate or
you could like have her have a tampon in
and just like licker clit or something
would you rather do that than have sex
on her period or do you just not mind at
all
because personally now we're talking
about my own personal lesbian encounters
I don't mind
blood at all actually like the taste of
blood it's kind of funny and blood is
like 100% protein it's actually really
good for you and it can like be
detrimental to you if you blog dope but
blood doping is like something that you
do and you know athletics and it's like
actually illegal kind of like anabolic
steroids but like having extra blood in
your system it's basically just like
protein and it's good for you and it
tastes kind of irony but it's not bad
and another thing another thought I had
on females and periods is that isn't it
kind of funny that there are any women
out there that are like queasy around
blood I think that's kind of weird I
think that's why more women are like
nurses and stuff because they can handle
the grotesqueness of blood because you
know they have their own monthly flow
every month and they have to deal with
that they have to pull out the tampon
they have to like you know change their
pads and do all the things that they
have to do and witness that stuff
whereas men like they don't have to see
blood like ever so if they're giving
blood and they see blood in a vial the
really oh I'm just like
pass out not that that doesn't make you
a pussy I'm sorry but um I think you
should get over it cuz it's
psychological a lot of things are
psychological like as I said before
people not being able to ingest certain
things because they taste a certain way
that they don't think they should taste
or because it's supposedly quote-unquote
not something you're supposed to ingest
and that's just like a psychological
thing and you can get over that so same
with blood I don't mind looking pussy on
a period I wouldn't mind having sex with
a girl on a period and unless I'm just
like oh I don't want to ruining the
sheets around here or something but
anyway post in the comments and please a
vote on the straw poll and keep in mind
what I said I'll see you guys soon and I
don't forget to check the description
for all the links and goodies and stuff
you get like some money off with the
code Tara in most places which is pretty
cool also check my other videos and
please check out my gaming youtube
youtube.com slash Tara backup games it's
the channel I actually love more but
it's highly underrated and I also have a
live stream if you guys didn't know that
at twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock so if
you don't have to be live I'm on most
nights playing either League or retro
games with J which is pretty cool yeah
see you guys soon bye
