hey guys welcome to this month's sample
box unboxing not only am I gonna be
unboxing and trying at least one of
these awesome flavors on camera I'm also
going to be showing you how to load your
Kanger SubPop said to e juice liquid
because to be honest as tech-savvy as I
am the first time I loaded this I
actually flooded it it's not as obvious
as you think even what's the help of
YouTube so I hope to make it super
simple for you one thing to remember
about these is to always turn it off
when you're not using it and to never
lay it on its side when you're storing
it but before I actually show you how to
load these why don't we open the sample
box on the top as always we have our
little tasting menu with all the
different flavors that I got for the
month I'm not gonna look at that just
yet because I want to make my own
opinion on the ones that I'm trying this
month it looks like we got a official a
juice rating card which is cute and -
for example box stickers I love stickers
I actually put stickers all over my
makeup table
I have everything from like loot crate
to Razer HyperX and just random business
cards and things that I get let's take
off the styrofoam and reveal the
goodness these are especially sexy
looking on my sample box profile which
is amazingly easy to use by the way I
noted that I really like pastry tech
flavors so cake chocolate things like
that and mint
don't forget mint so that means that the
things I get in my sample box each month
are tailored to me we all know I like
things that are tailored to me anyway
which one of these do you think we
should try I think we should go with
deuces wild I like it as little cards on
it and everything that's pretty cute so
the first thing we do when we're gonna
load this is we're gonna turn it off by
hitting the button five times that's how
you turn it off and on once you have it
on you can press it wants to check the
battery life and things like that let's
go ahead and open this baby up
now all these bottles are like the
safety bottles where you have to press
them down and then spin them in order to
open them and then it's as easy as pie
and they have little dropper so you fill
the little dropper and you twist off the
top of your kangertech sub box so you
put your a liquid in here but you avoid
the little middle thing it's like a
little metal thing if you put it in
there you're actually flooding the
system and hindering yourself so just
don't do it and you take a little
dropper full of a liquid and you put
some in the corner there and you do that
a few more times make sure you never
Pape when your sub box is too empty and
you just screw this back on turn it on
and this isn't 100% necessary as far as
I'm concerned but you wait a little bit
before you start vaping now every liquid
is completely different so you have to
find the wattage that's right for you
but for me I like about 25 watts this
particular sub box goes up to 40 alright
now that we've done all that let's go
ahead and try the flavor
mmm let me try that again it definitely
tastes cakey and sweet and yummy I don't
think there's any mint in this one
unfortunately now here's where my
tasting menu comes in let's see what it
says about this one
this is Belgian waffle and spiced
blueberries the only reason I'm not
trying all of them on camera because I'd
have to finish this and then clean it
out and then put more in and that would
take me all day no one needs to bake
that much especially a non smoker with
0% nicotine in their vaping liquid like
me
ha it's so good though here's my
personalized tasting menu and if you
choose ample box you'll also get one of
these in every box as well check out my
box calm and remember if you use the
promo code Tara you get a bunch of money
off on your first box and that's where
all of the rumors flying around this is
actually bad for you or anywhere near is
bad for you with cigarettes the latter
is at least completely wrong do your own
research and make sure you make your own
opinions don't even take my word for it
you've got a brain think for yourself
but I can guarantee you that if you're a
smoker this is so much better better for
you and better for your friends because
no one wants to be around someone that
smells like cigarette smoke anyway if
you go to sample box comm you can get 3
6 or 11 bottles each month personalized
especially for you with every flavor
that you want and the perfect amount of
nicotine for you which for me is zero
alright guys like the video subscribe to
the channel check in the description for
links and promo codes happy vaping and
please stop smoking cigarette smoke is
so gross I have legitimately only dated
one smoker in my life and it was fucking
disgusting kissing him was like as they
say kissing an ashtray and remember to
check back later in the month because I
might be doing more giveaways bye guys
