hey guys I have the lighting setup for
fencers Friday this week which is um was
yesterday so I already know what it is
but it's the top-down tees or whatever I
decided to call it um and since I had
that set up I decided that this would be
actually really good lighting for a
phone vlog which is gonna be the phone
vlog of the week so you're gonna be
seeing this on Saturday even though I'm
recording it on like Thursday so um I'm
gonna be talking about random shit
that's going on in my life that might
have already happened so tomorrow uh
well this is Wednesday right I don't
know fucking date is often having weird
schedules and like making your own
schedule you don't really know what
fucking date is but we are gonna talk
about what's going on with me tomorrow
and what's going on with me this week
and what has gone on with me I took two
days off yesterday I meant to take home
in one day off but I ended up sleeping
for a long time then I was like wow
that's like most of my day so I caught
up on some sleep then I was like I
really want to play Assassin's Creed
unity and I like one of the reasons why
I quit doing Starcraft competitively was
that it was taking up all of my time to
play console games that I really love
and I love I have like 20 different
franchises that I really like to keep up
on which is like a pipe dream with how
busy I am to actually be keeping up with
all of my favorite franchises but I can
keep up with some of them and I'm
getting caught up right now with a lot
of them so right now I'm playing
Assassin's Creed unity which is a one
release later than the most recent
release of Assassin's Creed's if that
made any sense at all i'm playing unity
and the newest one is syndicate which is
the next one the next sequel and i
couldn't think of the word sequel while
I was doing my game release news today
which is really annoying I'm like the
next expansion and that's not the right
word what the fuck is it but anyway um
so I'm playing unity and one of the
reasons why I quit playing Starcraft is
because I love to get like so enthralled
in a video game that I end up playing it
in three days and just finishing it and
I get so addicted in certain games
they're like my favorite franchises that
I end up just like playing all the way
through and with Starcraft you have to
play every single day and you have to
like improve and if you don't play every
single day if you don't play at least
ten games a day you're not improving and
it was so stressful and I felt like I
had to devote all of my time to it and I
was only like fuckin platinum which is
you know it's really high for a girl or
like its above average right but like
people still are
like me as a caster and what I wanted to
do was get to a point where I was pretty
good and could maintain my skill but I
didn't ever want to be a pro but I felt
like I was spending pro amounts of time
on the game and I wasn't able to play
other games so it's kind of funny where
a game doesn't have any in my opinion at
least doesn't have any casual aspect it
doesn't have anything that makes you
want to keep playing casually when it's
a when it's an MMO like a game that's
online and a bunch of people can play it
um or a bunch of people you like need
like people online to play it um it's
not interesting to me unless it's either
competitive or has some kind of really
amazing casual aspect and with League
League has both and that's why I'm
playing league right now I don't have to
play league every single game every
single day every single day every single
day ten games a day in order to improve
I'm like slowly improving and most of it
is the fact that it's really fun it's
really cute I like the MOBA aspect I
like RTS MOBA games they're fun um and
it gives me that competitive aspect it
allows me to you know go with my
competitive drive and improve and
compete PvP but it also allows me to
have fun with my friends and it allows
me the time off to play things like
Assassin's Creed unity so I'm addict to
unity right now and that's all I want to
do and that is why I didn't just take
one day off I took the two days off I
was like fuck that oh and then I
realized that I was gonna get behind so
now I'm behind in my game release news
which sucks but I'm really glad that
like I took last month off of game
release news on my gaming channel and
people were like where is it I want to
see it I wanna games are coming out I'm
like oh really you guys missed it that's
fucking awesome and I was like I had
this like heartwarming like feeling
we're like yes people actually do enjoy
that series and they enjoy getting their
game released knowledge and their game
release info for the month from me and
I'm like yes it's worth all the hard
work because that video oh my god first
I have to research was coming out this
month and I have to like to vet it I
have to like make sure that everything
I'm saying is correct and often I'm
still not correct about it like people
will be like oh that changed last minute
or that's wrong information or you miss
something and I'm like fuck so I have to
do my own research and then I compile a
list and then I write down all the games
I want to talk about and the talking
points for what I want to talk about
with them then I record the video and
recording the video takes about 30
minutes or something and then I have to
find gameplay footage of each video
download that game play
footage make sure it's not copyrighted
like edits my actual talking and then
edit the fucking gameplay footage over
it and the editing on videos like that
take like fucking three hours and I'm
like up so that's kind of annoying
tomorrow I get my treadmill yay a lot of
people who are kind of bitching at me in
the in on Instagram or in the comments
of something I don't remember exactly
where it wasn't people were like why
don't you just got side and I was just
gonna the DEM and some people were
saying I was just gonna gather dust if
you don't have the you know what is it
the drives to go to the gym so you might
as well just not buy a treadmill and
like people don't really understand my
predicament first of all I'm very very
dedicated to this I'm not just gonna
have it like gather dust I'm not like
one of those Rando like plebeians that's
just like oh I kind of want to work out
but I want instant results like what are
these people think of me I want a
treadmill in my house so that like I can
get extra cardio in to you know reach my
goals while still having like a really
busy schedule and I think it's a great
investment because something I'm really
hung up on right now is I want that
perfect body back or at least a
semblance of what I feel is my perfect
version of my body before I even give a
shit about anything else like right now
all I care about is getting my perfect
body back so I want to be able to
balance the time that I have to spend
making videos and streaming all that
with as much cardio as I possibly can so
going to the gym is something I'm still
gonna do I just want to be able to wake
up in the morning like in my short
shorts and like in like two sports bras
and not like bitch about like and not
have people bitch about the way I'm
dressed because like if I with like my
body the way I look like you know my
style people who'd be like ah she needs
her clothes on whereas like the like fat
chick over there can wear whatever the
fuck she wants and it's not offending
anyone even though it is but you can't
really say anything about it because
that would be mean it's so funny how
like people this is like another idea
that I've always had like people call me
ugly on my own personal page like going
out of their way to call me ugly and I'm
like but if it really was ugly if I was
like one of those like really pathetic
creatures that like is just unfortunate
looking would you really come in there
and say
I'm ugly no you're calling me ugly
because you want to bring me down
because I'm successful or because other
people think that I'm good-looking and
like that confident and that that
confidence that I have a lot of it comes
from the understanding of why people say
things that they do and I can't even
imagine being offended by something that
someone on the internet says it's like
who cares they're just random strangers
trying to bring me down for whatever
fucking reason or they're just random
strangers telling me something I already
know like oh or you're fat you're need
to lose some weight
yeah that's what I'm trying to do bro
and it's for myself not for you like
that kind of thing um I always tried it
to be more structured in the phone
videos or the phone vlogs that I did and
now I'm not gonna I'm just gonna have
like crazy rambling tear-out fucking but
yeah fucking vlogs because it's like
it's gonna be a sharp contrast from what
I'm doing in my more more strategically
done videos where I'm sitting in front
of the high quality camera that costs me
like thousand bucks and hahaha so now I
feel like I have this I'm liberated to
just talk about whatever the fuck I want
and go off on whatever tangent I want
and I'll actually have a real topic and
just like talk about my day because you
know I have that structure in other
videos so I'm really glad that I got my
new phone I was thinking like why do I
need a new phone when I barely talked to
anyone like what do you need to upgrade
your phone just for Texas for but now
I'm getting back into playing
hearthstone a little bit so that's gonna
be fun I'm kind of building up my card
base and then maybe one day I'll stream
it like I don't I wish that there was
something mobile and awesome for magic
because I like magic so much more and
it's such a better card game oh my god
but MTG I was fucking god awful and
duals the plays Walker's fucking casuals
shits and she's like yeah so I love
unity because it just such a step up
graphically from fucking rogue which I
played right before dance rope is the
game that came out the same year as
unity but it was for the ps3 exclusively
and it was because it was in that
awkward year where the ps4 had just come
out so not everyone has the next-gen
consoles and so they made one for both
they made one for like old gen consoles
and one for next gen consoles and so I
played I played Black Flag which was on
yes for because it was like the year is
hard to explain so Black Flag rogue and
then unity and that's the order in which
they were released so that's order in
which I played them and I really think
that people need to play rogue and like
he's just like can deal with turning on
their ps3 I actually turn on my ps3
whenever we don't have internet like
whenever the internet goes in on Comcast
is being bullshit because you need the
internet for some reason to watch movies
so like if I have a DVD of a movie I
want to watch like whatever the fuck
and it in the fucking we don't have
internet I can't watch movies on my ps4
it's the stupidest thing ever and you
can like turn that off you can turn off
the nest and necessity of having
internet for watching movies but it
doesn't stay turned off every single new
movie it asks you so if I can't access
the internet you can't actually turn it
off and it's like I don't know if
there's a work of workaround for that
but it's like ah oh I'm pretty tired you
did like four videos I hate it when I
take days off and it's like ketchup but
anyway the reason I love unity is
because it's so much more graphically
beautiful than rogue and rogue seems a
lot like Black Flag and it's weird that
rogue and unity were made on the same
like with the same like year but totally
different interfaces and totally
different like levels of graphics and
it's clear that unity is kind of like
showing off for like oh ps4 graphics ooh
look at these new engines we've got
updated really loose fucking good but um
I got used to it I got used to the
graphics Oh games to me are never about
graphics obviously my favorite games are
retro games and I don't think they make
games like they used to I think old
games are just fucking amazing and all
of their flaws graphically and all of
their you know UI imperfections and
antiquities I just fucking love it um
there's nothing I love more than the
game so I grew up with but um I really
love new games as well and unity has
this really carrot on a stick type of
side mission that I cannot get enough of
and it's the murder mysteries if you
haven't played unity or if you have and
you skipped the murder mysteries why
they're so good but at the same time
they're so bad they're like my guilty
pleasure at first they were really good
but now they there's like a lot of a lot
of discrepancies like there was this one
murder mystery where you have to solve
who killed someone
and then you find out the reason they
killed them is because the dude was
protecting his sister from getting
beaten up by her boyfriend right so it
doesn't once in any of the clues say
that the guy is her brother or that she
is the one being beaten up but she says
someone got beat up and it's like what
the fuck you didn't give me any of the
relevant information that I needed in
order to make this decision but I just
fucking love those missions so much
there's so much fun and so any time I
see them on the map look at murder
that's right yeah that's like my
favorite thing I don't I feel bad that
this isn't a vlog for my gaming channel
but like it's really hard to separate
gaming from just regular vlogging
because my life revolves around games
you know so I'm gonna be talking about
gaming if I'm talking about how my day
goes or what I'm doing in that day no
matter which channel it's on so if I
talk about anything other than gaming I
guess I'll put this on the vlog channel
which I did oh I'm starting to get
stomach ache I randomly if I don't eat
for a while or if I've been like taxing
myself with all these bright lights
which I'm doing right now I randomly
start getting that stomach ache and I
fucking hate it and it's awful
so yeah I should probably go and stream
before I get to the point where I don't
want to do anything I also still have to
edit a video for today so I'm gonna go
do that thanks for watching guys and let
me know if you're still enjoying these
like random rambling logs if they're
still good to you or if you want me to
have a little bit more structure I don't
know I'm just talking about whatever is
on my mind and saying whatever the fuck
and allowing myself to be ditzy and fun
so yeah I'll see you guys soon and I'm
gonna try to stick to doing one of these
once a week like you guys asked for yeah
thumbnail time bye guys
