hey guys welcome to new episode of
fanservice Friday the show that has
nothing to offer other than gratuitous
fanservice with the message that you
should never take yourself too seriously
and you can have fun with your fucking
sexuality everyone has one why would you
not enjoy it sex is one of the greatest
parts of life this week we're gonna be
doing a top down view of my boob I
initially got this idea from watching
magic streams you know when you have a
feature match they do like a top down
view of your cards your hand everything
well I've always wondered what it'd be
like to be in a feature match with these
I feel like the twitch chat would just
go wild it would be so inappropriate so
as soon as I saw in the comments that
somebody wanted me to do a top down
tease I was like yes so let's do it
alright guys don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel and post
it in the comments what you want to see
on next fanservice Friday this is a
series for you guys it's not even
monetized and I'm always looking for new
cool ideas and once again I'm sorry to
the foot fetish lovers I just still
haven't gotten a pedicure it'll happen
soon and a little footnote for those of
you who are acting all entitled or
getting mad about what the topic is
these videos are not for you go ahead
and fucking unsubscribe I don't care
about you this series is to give back to
all the people who watch my other videos
appreciate it and support me that's what
my Friday's are for on this channel
because contrary to popular belief I
don't do this for the money
I do it because I love it and you guys
make it possible so I love you guys you
don't have to like every single
fanservice video like it foot fetishes
isn't for you that makes sense but I
appreciate the people that don't bitch
about it and act so entitled like I need
to be making something pay like into
everyone else you guys you're fucking
amazing have a wonderful week I love you
so much a little a little a little
that's how I feel about you guys bye
