hey guys welcome to a new episode of
shit Tara says by none other than
nicolas leopold stotch the guy who makes
all my hot gifts and the other three
shit Tara says videos he's fuckin great
right post in the comment how great he
is and constructive criticism for his
next episodes and remember this is a
fan-made series so if you want to make a
montage of the shit I say whether it be
on my gaming channel or my vlog channel
feel free to do it and send it to me
more likely than not I'll post it here
on this channel because I'll probably
like anything you guys make don't forget
to like the video for Nicolas and thank
him because these are fucking great
right enjoy because I get asked this
every fucking day parable why do you
play games in German why do you have the
German Starcraft to your clients I have
no fucking clue I must be retarded
obviously slut these day and age this
day and age can you draw a slut please
well I have a girl with her legs open
big boobs and if I had more time and
artistic ability maybe I would draw like
a dick if that makes me a slut
so be it sluts unite high-five be such
an honor to get peed on by rum Stein
beer dick am i right you're totally
right I don't get people who are into
feet I don't get people her into that
all these weird perverts who are into
this and that if she's nude oh my god
the world is at an end our little boys
not our little boy anymore and he has a
sexual deviant like we are not so we
didn't you know participate in sexual
deviancy in order to have him y'all and
shit was like I can't even do it I sound
like a fucking redneck when I do it
because I can't emulate that kind of
thing because I'm so fucking white
clothes are not made for a girl with big
boobs and a little waist like it's not
made like clothes are made for skinny
girls with no boobs and fat girls with
big boobs oh my god if you don't do it
I'm gonna blow the sugar
I paid a lot of money for my boobs
$8,000 to be exact
oh my god this guy had any bigger of a
dick it would be going in his fucking
belly button I'm like what is this shit
like every time he fucking gets a
hard-on it goes into his belly button
and like penetrates him I really like
the salty come it tastes so fucking good
a tiny penis is whoa fuck you right
uh-huh
okay so let's say a penis is this
fucking long right it's like a really
long fucking penis eight and a half inch
girth twelve massive inches this is big
which is awesome cuz I love pieces as
well and I also love talking about
penises the black dudes are a little bit
bigger than this this is maybe like the
average maybe for a black penis ow oh
yeah every single day it feels like I'm
a virgin
a guy's penis is too big so we only have
sex once in a while I want just like an
overall big dick sex appeal now this is
the package just CSX appeals had about
Oh a hundred a hundred sex appeal that
is exactly what I needed I wanted to see
what it was like to suck a dick in his
dicks every woman should fucking swallow
all the fucking time
every time they take a dick in their
mouth and women should take dicks in
their mouths
daily should be a fucking whore in the
bedroom before the man you're gonna
spend the rest of your life with and
that's just like plain and simple this
time we're going to talk about how to
give and receive mind-blowing blowjobs
oh yeah switch it up by using your mouth
and hands just mouth or just hands try
different things at different speeds and
add different levels of pressure but
remember never squeeze too hard and
never change what am I talking about
this is ridiculous okay I'm gonna go
thanks for watching guys keep fucking I
mean sucking oh it's just such a slut
