Oh totally wasn't itching my ass just
now I promised another promise broken I
really miss my gameboy phone case should
protect my new phone or should I have it
look like a gameboy it's a hard decision
very hard anyway welcome to this week's
terror sucks cock Vince what are cock
Vince you ask I don't know I'm actually
just gonna be reading comments if that
wasn't clear the internet is full of
stupids here's proof i don't think i
would want p on my face but I wouldn't
want come either so already a boring
girl but scoring I think I wouldn't mind
even though this probably partly p as
well whoa all I'm getting from this is
that she's a lesbian or a straight man
with the name miss Rebecca sm here's a
positive comment it's great for notable
people to share their fetishes it makes
those who share them feel less alone
trust me no matter what you like you are
not alone no matter what you like
there's actually a pretty popular reddit
for necrophiliacs I didn't prove that
much it was pretty bad oh this guy
honestly I really appreciate these
videos because you were still posting
sexual videos but you obviously have
morals and seemed to be a decent person
inside minus 14 assuming that someone
whose sexual or talks about their
sexuality is probably not a decent
person also that's not all you post so
you really aren't just saying I'm a
whore and you make gaming videos too
this is one of the better sexual vlog
channels because you really are a person
hashtag if your sexual you're probably
not a person and you're just a whore
Jesus Christ the ignorance like like
like I was like it was like like like
incoherent do me
do you get this fucking train there's
like no train anywhere around here what
the fuck is going on she's actually a
pretty good reader he not really taking
that dumb blonde stereotype way too far
yes I can read no that's not an
achievement maybe in this day and age
with the it sits in the your your this
is the generation of terrible grammar
and I'm unfortunately one of the only
people who respect grammar these days
kidney you clean your shower with
proxied I don't even there are two kinds
of people in the world people who pee in
the shower and liars and yes I was one
of the ones that voted that one admit it
you do it so fat guys is a no-no but
you'll take an order of piss to go
really oh my god what can I say fat
cottage cheese ass is way more of a turn
off the nice consistent beautiful peed
also this guy should turn this into a
wrap so fat guys is a no-no but I'll
take an order of piss to go that was
really awful but it rhymed and sounded
better than most rap today Oh shots
fired what do you think of bearded men
as objects bearded men would make really
good paper weights or really bad paper
weights I can't even imagine what that's
supposed to mean does you mean like a
sexual objects they're pretty fun as
sexual objects I want to smell your
personal controller first of all you
comment on a lot of my videos and I've
always loved your name the Batman over
9000 Batman plus dragon ball z even
though Batman isn't my favorite hero I
want to call him just a hero cuz he's
not very super if being rich is a
superpower he's got it anyway I've
always wanted to say nice name but I
just feel like personal controller
really sounds like a penis so you want
to smell my penis and by my penis I mean
my favorite penis obviously I can maybe
talk J into that I guarantee is penis
smells fine if you have to show that
much clearer to eat your point across
you're probably bullshit but that's not
my business if you have to use an
overplayed phrase like that's none of my
business in order to get your point
across you're probably an ignorant
internet idiot by the way I don't have
to do anything I like showing cleavage
since when do we have a problem with
boobs they're fucking great mine hers
everyone's I would hope that if you have
a good feature you'd be proud to show it
off again with the whole ignorant
statement that if you have anything
sexual about you or you embrace your
sexuality you must not be a person or at
least
worth respecting you are fucking stupid
oh thank you jamie lynn oh my god this
guy again do you like country music do
you want kids do you only speak and
understand English fuck off dude to be
honest I am really surprised with this
video and the way you speak about stuff
it amazes me that a woman can be so
open-minded I'm kind of convinced that
the sexiest thing about you is how
self-confident and sincere you are
Thanks no thank you dude that's fucking
awesome I'm glad you see it that way
that's pretty much all about positive
comments for the win he pounded those
fat guys like you pound into that both
you you don't know the half of it your
hair looks awesome this way why you know
upload more of this series because I
love it you're the best don't worry i'm
uploading all of this series also yeah
I've been doing it pretty much every day
and it's awesome right hair oh my god so
great wait why is your name sivir but
you have a picture of jenks as your
profile picture LMAO only a woman
looking for attention would say cum
tasted good let's be honest it's nasty
everyone knows it's nasty it is
something women grin and bear Sarah
Taylor I feel sorry for you I definitely
actually do like the taste of cum ask
any of my sexual partners I feel bad for
your sexual partners also nice
generalization you're so smart a pioneer
for women everywhere and people say I'm
a bad influence to women when will you
annoys the winner or email them space ?
I've decided that the winners of my
contests get a noise by me not emails i
think in knowing you guys would be a lot
more fun and to win the tarot contest
where you get annoyed if you win
constant emails calls to your house
phone if you still have a house phone
and moving your keys to places where you
didn't put them and see them last sign
up today tear out the boob which fear
her mighty magic mountains it's a Veigar
hat bro veigar not a witch Jesus but you
still should fear my mighty magic
mountains how do I get her interested in
fallout it's a pretty long game and a
lot of playing I want her to become
really into fallout type games so how do
I do it steps to get your girlfriend
into fallout step 1 tell her it's a
farmville sequel or candy crush
depending on your girl's unique
personality this is guaranteed to work
by the way then tell her that every hour
spent playing fallout with you mean she
doesn't have to suck your dick because
women hate that shit a couple comments
ago Sarah taught me that make sure to
tell her that you will not drizzle her
income that
incentive if that doesn't work you can
just beat that bitch until she plays
fallout one hundred-percent money-back
guarantee bro sometimes people just
don't have the personality to play games
tell her it's important to you if she
still won't play with you and it's that
big of a deal will find a new girlfriend
who reads porn mags in 2015 good
question also the Batman over 9000
that's two commas this video you want
some special prize zero dollar value
whoo these vids consist of Tara's funny
comments who are calling max a bitch at
least once riding warns nuts and one
compliment to max that is actually a
great synopsis and a great advertisement
for my life is strange videos I really
do want warns nuts guys remember check
out the gaming channel it's just as
awesome as this channel youtube.com
slash tara babcock games it would make
me happy alright guys I really
appreciate the viewership don't forget
to like the video subscribe to the
channel and keep posting stupid shit in
the comments if you want to get your
comment in the next video it's best to
probably do it around the time that the
next one's going to come out they come
out every other Wednesday and remember
keep it short because even if it's
hilarious enough to use and its really
long I'm probably only gonna read a
couple lines my content is so awesome
it's like staccato bow bow bow bow bow
come in at your face from all different
directions which I guarantee is
enjoyable to me see you guys in two
weeks with Tara Reid's comments let me
go I hope you're satisfied with me
giving a few shoutouts to positive
comments I do appreciate you guys and I
usually just like respond with typing
but I know you guys want to be shown in
the video so here you go the world is
your oyster bite
