hey guys today's topic is going to be a
little interesting for you it's going to
be golden showers and pee in general
when combined with sex so this is the
only fetish that I think I have that the
public widespread ly thinks is
disgusting and I'm going to tell you why
I don't have any problem with it and I
enjoy it and I've done it and I'll tell
you a couple stories and stuff so it
should be interesting but first of all I
want to thank whoever sent me the the
conical hair curler oh my god I got it
um in the birthday the birthday uh fnm
and it's fucking amazing uh like I never
get to have curly hair and I never get
to make my hair curl and stay curled
because the regular curlers that have
the little the flap on the top you know
that like folds the hair down it doesn't
work as well as the conical ones where
you have to wear the glove and then hold
the hair there like I always thought
that would be much harder and stupider
but it just makes my hair look so much
better and the curls are really loose at
the top and really tight at the ends so
it's kind of uniformed and glamorous and
I fucking love it so girls if you are
using the ones with the little clasp or
you don't have to wear the glove upgrade
to this it's so much fucking better and
if your hair doesn't hold a curl these
curls will hold I don't know why there's
no like different heat settings either
it's just one heat setting and it's less
damaging to your hair so back to the sex
topic that everyone wants to hear about
I have definitely indulged in golden
showers and I've even drank pee a couple
times on a couple occasions and for me
it's not disgusting because like I drink
come and P is actually sterile like pee
is just your waist but it's sterilized
by whichever organ I'm not a doctor and
I'm also not good at biology so I think
it's the pancreas or the liver the liver
does it does something that there's like
three different things that actually
like filter out certain types of you
know things bleh Leah whatever converts
it into whatever I don't care I don't
care about the biology biology I meant
to be Ellijay blue jjigae I don't care
about the biology I just care about the
fact that it's fun to do and why not um
the reason why I enjoy golden showers is
because well first of all it's kind of
funny like if you're showering with your
significant other and they happen to
just like for fun or you know to make
you laugh like pee on your leg and it's
completely not like dirty or in a place
where you can get everything
messy it's just kind of funny and it's
silly and peeing in the shower is
something that everyone does and if you
don't do it you're kind of weird like if
you're like if you get into the shower
and you have to pee and then you're like
oh fuck now I have to wait a whole 15
minutes to get out of the shower to pee
and then I have like residual pee on my
body which does have an odor because I
wasn't in the shower when I peed and I
can just like wash it off the soap like
come on you're just being illogical it's
not like you're vomiting or pooping into
the shower where there's actually some
kind of solids that can't go down the
drain and you're like keeping the shower
dirty as long as you keep your shower
clean and wash it with like bleach and
peroxide and all that shit you're good
right like there's no reason not to and
everyone does it and I don't know why
it's such a taboo thing where a lot of
people won't admit that they do it um so
that kind of thing is fun and it's a
it's a funny place or funny it's a it's
a clean and less messy place to do that
if you are into doing it the second
reason is that like if you like I've
gotten on my knees and had someone pee
on my face and the reason I did it the
first time is I was a teenager and I was
like why not just try it right like why
would I not try it um it's just because
it's one of those taboo things like anal
that people want to try and it's
intriguing because it's you know
considered a fetish not that anal is
considered a fetish nowadays I mean it
used to be like sodomy was like a sin so
it was like oh but um I feel like
anything involving pee is so much
cleaner than anything involving the anus
like most girls who do anal aside from
like porn stars and girls that are
really really sexually open and into
that stuff like I don't even do it but
you're supposed to have something like
dinah douche or like a colonic oh that
actually like an enema that cleans out
your colon so like it's cleaner but
still like doing that too much like it
gets rid of the mucus in your body and
like it's really hard to know when
there's fecal matter in there B or when
you're about to have a bowel movement or
after you had a bowel movement and now I
do sound like I know things about
biology but um basically it's just like
much more gross to deal with shit and
it's kind of funny than I'm okay with
piss because shit is like disgusting to
me like two girls one cup oh my god
fucking disgusting like I don't gag it
things that I watch and I can watch
things I like I have a tolerance for
that but if that was anywhere near me or
if someone put that shit on me like
shitting on my chest type of thing or me
shitting on someone else's
so there is no amount of money that I
would do that for and while I'm saying
this I'm thinking about actually having
a partner who is into that and I'm
pretty much up for anything as you guys
have found out like I'll try anything
and you know I would shit on a guy if
you really wanted me to but me like if
you really wanted me to eat his shit and
that was like his fetish that's the only
thing I can think of where I would
actually draw the line aside from you
know leaving real marks like if somebody
wanted to brand me or something that
wouldn't be okay with me but that's
pretty much the only place I draw the
line for someone that I really like is
dealing with someone's fecal matter in
my mouth where I would have to taste it
I would not be able to eat it and a lot
of people you know how like there are
like psychological reasons why you can't
eat or drink things and with pee that's
kind of the thing that people have
psychological restrictions from because
yeah when you have like really bad beer
it actually does taste worse than pee
like I've had beer specifically a stream
I did where I had bought beer because a
friend came over and I'd only drank so
I'm not a connoisseur of beer whatever
whatsoever I bought some like really
cheap crappy beer and I had it in my
fridge so I was like why not do a
drunken stream and I did and I was like
starting to like not be able to get it
down because it was so disgustingly
tasting to me well pee is less
disgusting than that and it's warm so
it's kind of the the incorrect
temperature for something you would be
drinking like you would never drink pee
flavored tea and I've also had tea the
tastes worse than peace so the reason
why people can to get something like pee
down without like gagging or choking or
vomiting is because their mind is
telling them that that's not something
that's supposed to happen similar to
like have you ever like tasted something
and you thought it was going to be sweet
but it ended up being salty and it
wasn't necessarily a bad taste but it
like tricked your psyche into thinking
okay I'm gonna have something sweet now
it's salty and it's like disgusting to
you that's like another thing that you
know it's like we're psychology comes
into play with the things that you're
trying to put into your body so it kind
of makes sense to me similar to the
reason I heard recently why I was
looking it up or J told me about it I
don't remember which why I get dizzy
when I play first-person shooters and
it's because you're not actually moving
but your body is seeing like you
immersed into this game and then your
body is thinking that you're moving
while you're not and therefore your body
is like oh I just probably had something
poisonous I should throw this up and
then you get nauseous and then you want
to throw up and it's kind of like a
safety mechanism and it's weird that not
everyone gets that but for me I don't
have it for P just like I don't have a
gag reflex um so I've tried I don't
drink
P like as something usually insects
because it doesn't really turn the guy
on but I have where he'll just like be
peeing on my face I'm like uh it's kind
of like a cum type thing where it's sexy
because he's dominating me or he's
trying to what's the what's the correct
word that people use like he's demeaning
me like type of thing you know like
bukkake is it's the act of a bunch of
people coming on a girl's face but it's
more for the Japanese culture where it's
not meant to just be sexy and porn where
the girls like I love it drizzle me and
come it's like she's being you know
demeaned and not respected type of thing
and that's kind of hot to me sometimes
like I like when a guy in sex not
necessarily you know when we're having a
relationship that's you know supposed to
be on the same level and we're supposed
to regard each other as equals but in
sex all of that stuff doesn't matter
like they don't have to respect you in
sex I like being disrespected in sex and
that's something that that plays a part
in why I think golden showers and people
and stuff like that and is attractive
and sexy and it's definitely something
that I would do so let me get let me
know in the comments let me guys knew
I'm being so stuttery lately I don't
know what's wrong with me like I can't
get in the right train of thought it
happened to me during the Thanksgiving
video and it happens to me randomly
sometimes I'm just on a fucking roll and
everything I say it's like my mouth is a
fucking machine gun saying exactly what
I want to say exactly what I have in my
head and then sometimes it's just kind
of like dizziness and me getting ahead
of myself and stumbling over my words
and stuff so that was me today but yeah
um don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel and post in the
comments if you've ever had any
experience with pee or golden showers
what'd you think of it and how like
repulsed you are what I'm saying cuz
like I know there's some of you out
there that don't mind it as much and
logically it shouldn't matter it's it's
fucking just like cum except for it's
sterile and it
consistent and it's you know fun too it
was kind of like a role-playing type of
thing where you get to you know be
disrespected by a guy or the other way
around maybe guys like it and you know
there was one time I I tried it with a
boyfriend when I was a teenager and we
like completely ruined his sister's like
blow-up bed that she was staying as
sleeping on because she didn't buy a bed
yet and then we blamed it on her because
she was out drinking and she came home
drunk and we were like you peed your bed
what is wrong with you and that's one of
the funniest memories I have of that
terrible terrible terrible boyfriend all
right guys I love you bye
