you get out of my asshole get out of my
ass well yo to my asshole
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want
hey guys welcome to day three of my
birthday last night Jay got me four
holsters - like leg holsters and to
waist holsters which I'm really excited
about their concealed carry holsters
which is really cute because he hasn't
really been into this whole I'll show
you those later maybe but today I'm
getting ready to go hiking for the first
time in Vegas I've never actually gone
hiking other than with like a school
trip once and I want to be sure to bring
a bunch of shit like my phone like extra
batteries for my camera
SPF lip gloss SPF lotion water bottles
and snacks and stuff cuz you know even
though it's like a two-hour hike I feel
like I might get lost here's my outfit
today
I kind of wanted to go without this but
I don't know I can always just take it
off and throw it in my backpack
we could just start running up there and
they couldn't catch us whoa
I hope breezy a tarantula let's do this
all right off we go isn't that right Jay
no let's get over to the actual road not
the road road oh we can go rollerblading
that's what I want to do
I fucking love rollerblading don't I Jay
so I think we're supposed to go around
the perimeter like these losers but
there's like a path up I want to go up
try up guys do you think this is Klima
bull or do you think there's an
invisible wall hey guys there's a
fucking cave
no fucking way creepy rape cave the jaso
smell like piss okay I can't smell from
here I don't wanna go in there and smell
a piss it's not a real game go is weird
rock and there's like Fluffy's what Jay
says this is extreme I'm not wearing
like we can actually go around the
2-mile this is scary why am i videoing
is he doing up there
I don't even know if I'm capturing him
is that him or is it a hawk Jay don't be
stupid come down there's no way to go
anymore up then come back down
I didn't account for my fear of heights
but and I are getting down like a pussy
yeah you're getting down like a pussy
because you don't want to leave me get
here instantly
oh you don't want to leave me in the
fucking metaphorical sense for the first
time ever you're taking caution for me
sounds fake okay sounds fake oh my god
is that fucking downtown oh my god it is
holy shit you can see the strip from
here let's see how far we can zoom in oh
can I yay let's go
by Blake blip Blake if I break you glad
I'm sorry god I want this house with
this ranch not fair
life's not fair can we tax the top 1%
Kayne stop being a pussy I want to find
a fucking tarantula let's offroad
there's gotta be a tarantula somewhere
mate crikey
take out nude why did you get new dick
I'm live right now are you hoping that
these people over here will take you in
yeah yeah maybe they'll make you like
their manservant thing or whatever I'm
orgasming right now what the fuck I
thought we had it really good off what
is this what is this harsh reality what
is this Jay explain explain this problem
I have it's too much I mean I agree it's
garbage cuz I want it what the fuck is
that that's a bunny buzz I'm gonna
fucking bunny yeah okay cut hey Bonnie
that's a bunny it was itching
it's afraid of me that's why hello
little bunny I'm not gonna hurt you oh
look at this little cactus look at this
little cactus look at that thing it's so
cute no dance oh I like these baby
cactuses it's jaywalking simulator again
jaywalking simulator I think we found
the actual path that allows you to get
all the way up to the top and we're
gonna do it aren't you
hell yeah we're gonna do it we begin
let's do it
look at this fucking trihard all right
well we're this far up people are coming
down I'm much more out of shape than we
thought but we found a bench and this
bench is like halfway up I'm so thirsty
alright here's the view half way up this
is cool alright we ate and relaxed and
now we can go I need a little bit more
water
to see you
holy Sh its vertical here huh
we're almost there all right we're here
and if I'm shaking it's because I'm
having a bit of a panic attack one of my
irrational fears is height and holy fuck
oh oh we have to come down from this oh
my god you guys that is like a beautiful
drop right yeah that's a vertical drop
holy fucking hell dude oh my god ahh all
right it's time to fucking go this is
giving me AIDS
that's not to roam I don't know if I cut
it by just taking a break you know Jay
and I were trying to take video where it
looks like if I fall down there I die
but you know still could be the case but
feel pretty comfortable here
we're almost there I can't believe it
going down I was like 10 billion times
easier than going up I thought maybe
it'd be kind of hard but we did it we
know we still have to walk like half a
mile to the car and no tarantulas but
poop lots of poop people ride horses
here it's really fucking weird there it
is that's the mountain that we just
climbed let's get home before I look at
this fucking sea of glass like this is a
dumping pit or something can they see it
I don't know if you can see the glare
but like the whole place is just filled
the fucking glass what the hell fucking
weird like it's a bottle dumping ground
where bottles can't be intact no fucking
weird so it was like really hard for us
to find this mountain mainly because
when I first saw this I thought it was
just like this trail this walking trail
but I'm really glad we picked this
mountain turned out to be really cool
and fun look how the rock formation is
like sideways they clearly formed like
that
chemtrails look at this tail where are
you going why are you so fucking cute we
started our mountain with a bunny and
we're ending our mountain with a bunny
hey bunny so cute
bye I don't complain you complain I come
on the plains fostering equestrian you
know it's like sequestered and
pedestrian at the same time I could
easily organize a bukkake there's your
subject you do this for my birthday oh
no no way better idea fucking gay dude
that's fucking gay what what what that's
fucking gay you want bukkake on your
face you want bukkake in your face for
your birthday like this here's the
paramount thing that you would like to
do you get out of my asshole
get out of my ass well yo to my asshole
do another salute yeah for you just in
case you got you sprout two more eyes
from all the chemtrails
goodbye Mountain goodbye Mountain that
was fun
ruff farmer boys now I'm so thirsty I'm
gonna down the stage
in
a cashier lacing the glasses was weird
Jordan
they break thing and the egg mcmuffin
looking back hey what are those giant
zucchinis my name is shake yeah where's
our shakes man do you think this place
has enough palm trees I'm unsure
