hey guys I know you guys have been
missing my phone vlogs that are more
chill and what would be the word more
like casual than they're actually like
high-production but I have always wanted
to have really high production videos
and my vlogs I wanted them to be
stationary and it just sort of like
really nice high quality set up where
everything is super HD and stuff and I
felt like my phone was detracting from
that and I also wanted to do more topics
that are just straight up the topics
that I want to talk about like one topic
one video Bam Bam Bam Bam like
perfectness but it's weird when I'm
using high production quality and I'm
not holding my phone as the video camera
I lose the ability to be very candid and
just say what's on my mind and go into
different tangents and I'm like looking
into the viewfinder and I have a
viewfinder here like I'm when I'm
looking I'm not looking at you guys
which is here I'm looking at myself to
make sure that the framing is correct
and you know not too much boobies not
too much appear hi Yoshi but like it
just makes me feel more casual and and
less like I'm making production for some
reason like psychologically that changes
how I do the video and what I talk about
and it seems like you know my viewership
is growing like always but there's half
of the people who like this kind of you
know casual personal face-to-face vlog
right just like ramble on about whatever
and then the other half that actually
likes hearing about one topic and
they're like oh my god I had to go
through like five minutes before I
actually heard about the topic what the
fuck and so like now that I have a new
phone I got the iPhone 6s plus or the
gigantic one which is awesome now that I
have a new phone I thought I would
occasionally do phone vlogs again and
this is the worst lighting ever I'm not
actually retarded looking I don't I
don't know if that was a nip slip or not
whatever um an areola slip but so if you
actually want a vlog with a real topic
the we're actually stick to the topic
the entire time then yeah definitely
look elsewhere the phone vlogs are gonna
be kind of silly and just talking about
my life first of all I wanted to I don't
know like I am overworking myself and I
have to figure out what I can do to
limit the amount of hours I work each
day because it's becoming where
I can't fulfill all of my obligations
and that's stressing me out a little bit
and I'm gonna talk about it more Oh
first I want to just tell you the
updates for uploads that are going on um
and that reminded me so I am gonna be
posting the sex ed the next time sex ed
is supposed to happen just because it's
so late now that it's kind of like meh I
skipped it whatever it's gonna be so
I'll give you the sneak peek of what it
is gonna be about because you guys are
supposed to know it is gonna be about
contraception and the different types of
contraception for men and women and
their efficacy and a bunch of really
cool stuff so it's gonna be cool and
you'll like it and it'll be sexy but it
also be like I'll teach you guys how to
properly put on a condom but it's also
going to be very informative so you know
that if you ever do want to adventure
into certain types of contraception
you'll know which ones are right for you
and I also talked about the ones that
kind of fucked up my body uh next I have
a giveaway oh fuck the giveaway dude
okay so I have a giveaway on my gaming
channel you'll it's it's gonna be up in
30 minutes from when this was up so it's
probably up right now unless you are in
one of the first 301 viewers and it's
gonna be on my gaming channel it's gonna
be for my I heart Tara Babcock Xbox one
controller which is fucking awesome will
be controller twins I have one that I
use for all of my Let's Plays on my PC
and you guys can have one that you use
on your Xbox one or your PC I don't have
an Xbox one so that's why I'm really
excited about this giveaway because I
just fuckin love giving away free shit
to you guys I think it's great to give
back and I think it's wonderful that I
have the chance to do so um this phone
says that I could record in 4k but I
highly doubt that the front camera
records in 4k so I'm gonna try to record
myself after this with my back camera to
see what 4k looks like um but I don't I
don't like I don't record with the back
of my phone because I don't know where
to aim because I don't have a viewfinder
you know what I mean uh next okay so
I've been overworked and God nipples
Jesus I don't want to get in trouble
anyway um I've been overworked lately
where I'm working literally ten hours a
day and people think that like it's
really easy what I do and even though
it's not like manual labor and I'm not
complaining at all
have an amazing life I do start feeling
like I don't have any time to just lay
on the couch and play video games and
relax and when I have to get up and go
to the gym every other day I'm starting
to feel like that is too much of like I
I wake up in the morning I'm like fuck
dude I have like literally six hours
until I even start streaming and then
streams are from 4:00 to like infinite
hours long like usually 4 to 6 hours is
the average and then I can go up to 8
hours and I want to have those days
where I'm not tired and like my eyes
don't hurt like crazy and I'm not just
like dying at the end of my streams so
like getting up in the morning when I
get ready to go to the gym and when I'm
trying to get motivation to go to the
gym I'm feeling like oh my god this is
so fucking daunting I have so much to do
and basically what I do is I wake up I
shower um I work out and I tan and it
sucks that I have to shower before I
work out but I have to because I can't
shower after I tan and because it would
like ruin my spray tan so like I kind of
just do like a wet wipe swipe down of
like all of the important parts that
actually could start to smell uh-huh if
I sweat too much but I I normally don't
have any odors when I sweat so it's like
whatever and I don't go to the gym every
single day when I actually bought the
treadmill so I'm gonna be running a
bunch extra I'm gonna be doing an extra
cardio which is gonna be really cool and
so that's cool I think it's coming on
Thursday next week or something and then
I'll start doing that which will cut
down the amounts of time or the amount
of times that I have to go to the gym
every week because I won't have to go
there just for cardio it'll be like
extra cardio that I'm doing when I do go
there and then I can do weight training
and stuff but I do all that and I and
that takes about like an hour and a half
to two hours and then I come home and I
put makeup on and I get ready for the
rest of my day
and I end up doing two or three videos a
day and I'm trying to get ahead usually
so I can take a day or two off during
the week and I end up having to get
really ahead in order to do magic and
take a day off and it sucks so I
recorded three videos that takes 30
minutes to an hour and then I have to
edit a video or two and editing the
what kind of video like if it's just one
of my vlog videos I just do barely
anything and then render it and
rendering takes forever which sucks so
it like incapacitates my computer and I
can't stream during it but I do the
editing and if it's like a like a
fanservice or Friday night mail or a
gaming video it takes me like an hour to
two hours to edit a video and if it's
like a really hard to do video like the
game release news that I do once a month
it can take like 3 hours so that's
already like 6 hours that I've worked on
things or 6 hours that I've been up like
doing stuff not to mention the like
eating and stuff and so I do that and
then I'm ready to stream and streaming
is 4 to 6 hours so that's 8 to 10 hours
minimum with all that stuff and it ends
up taking a lot longer because I have to
answer emails and I'm getting so behind
like on certain emails it's like ah I
don't know what I'm gonna cut so I want
to make a patreon only vlog and talk to
my patrons in depth about what I think I
should you know do to make the workload
a little bit less daunting so that I
don't ever go like oh I promise and
upload and I didn't I wasn't able to do
it or oh I have I'm so behind and these
emails and you know that can suck so I
need to learn time management it sucks
when you're your own boss that you like
have to learn your own time management
and you have to it's basically you have
to base everything you do on whether or
not you have the the mental drive and
the mental like you know gumption to do
that thing you know like you could be
like oh it doesn't matter that much and
then you rationalize and you end up not
getting done what you were supposed to
get done that day and that like
absolutely sucks so yeah but that's
basically what I've been thinking about
lately and what's been going on and I
really love my topic vlogs I really love
my high quality content I really love
that everyone on patreon helps me get to
that point to where I can actually
afford that and I can actually afford
living but I have to find a happy medium
between you know working a lot and I'm
working too much to where you know stuff
starts suffering because of it I really
appreciate you guys you're fucking
amazing and to all of you who have
missed the phone vlogs I think I'll do
these like maybe twice or three times a
month maybe once a week if you guys
actually like it so let me know in the
comments if you guys like this kind of
Ramle update a very intimate like
close to me who vlogs where I just you
know talk about anything and I jump
topics and it's just craziness let me
know dude do you like it do you like it
ah let's take a selfie for the thumbnail
like I used to do oh so cute
alright
cue the 4k can you guys see me a little
little up is this 4k I don't even know
