hey guys it's that time of the two weeks
again where Tara tries to not cut
herself open with this box cutter okay
Friday night mail this week we got about
I would say seven packages here maybe a
little less so it's gonna be a shorter
Friday night mail which is kind of a
good thing because last time was a
little daunting so let's just jump right
into it by the way you guys are fucking
amazing thank you in advance to everyone
who sent me something today my love for
you is boundless endless and eternal
which is kind of what endless means
eternal endless so many adjectives for
forever basically
we've got this package this package is
from Hong Kong yay okay we're just going
to open it because who cares about the
package we care about what's actually
inside yeah it's a be near like a like a
face mask it makes me look like fucking
Cthulhu
this is really great it doesn't say who
it was from well thank you so much for
the Cthulhu fucking beanie it's so
awesome I just wish she was in pink why
do they not make anything Cthulhu
related in pink I have the Cthulhu
squishable because the people who's
fucking awesome he's like a flying
kraken God Lord thing that was more
merlok wasn't it looking like a day for
the Kraken to open boxes yeah next
Cthulhu has this package this package
will fall to the Zulu fertility bubble
wrap sound like Yoda kinda ahh what the
hell is this what the hell it is an
apron that makes me into a man a man
with a penis what the fuck
why have I shaved my balls but not my
pelvis don't look at my penis
do you like my my Cthulhu penis do you
like that because you guys enjoy that
Chinese things never have anything
inside the package why hello this game
from thank you for the penis apron now I
can pick up gay guys like Robin Lord
Taylor Hey Baby you wanna stroke my
cockle I may be some date it's got like
something inside of it that makes it
feel as heavy as a real closet penis
this is awesome except for the like
Borat style cubes that's not too great
tis amazon books time I Love You Amazon
packages you always tell me who you're
from usually hello LM T hope your guards
will improve your eagle vision with this
gift oh I think I know what this is I
think let me guess
this is syndicate it is I'm going to be
done with unity in no time and I cannot
wait to fucking play syndicate so this
is gonna be awesome
you get to switch between the dude and
his sister oh my god and I adore the
graphics in unity like holy shit the
change between rogue and unity even
though they came out in the same year is
immense
so I bet this is gonna be even better
can't wait to play a TV fry thank you
walks open bosses old fast
what the hell is it it's the easiest way
for fearless protection what's the fuck
someone doesn't send me like adult
diapers super XL sized adult diapers for
those times when you
so hard you just want to wet yourself
like during stream or you guys don't
want me to go to bathroom during stream
you want me to stay so I'll just paint
these right this is the hilarious joke
gift who the fuck sent me this and why
that's what I want to know fuck you I'm
not in countenance you're in consonant
projection much moving on beginners
Icelandic with two audio CDs Iceland
land of the sagas Iceland it's like so
fake to me it's like a place that people
made up so they could do epic things I
mean even the birds are fucking epic
that's pretty
thank you now I own something to read
when I'm not reading manga alright and
it's from Steve are actually kind of
crossing my legs a little bit Oh a
cosmetic bag said this is pretty cool
and it's hopping which is my favorite
color
you can go like in the purse in the
backpack and at the vanity I love it
Adrian Vita beanie sounds fancy next we
have is this an on-the-go juicer oh I
have been juiced forever because of how
much fucking upkeep it takes smoothies
on the go
thank you Steve from Steve please let me
know when slash if you'll open my fan
box in a fan mail video will do all the
Romeo letter - don't worry I'm gonna
keep this private a Donkey Kong figure
it's from the game tropical freeze but
it's like just a regular Donkey Kong so
why does that matter thanks lose cool I
really need to get a bigger place to
hold on my collectibles like holy crap
you can also get a Y Luigi ice Luigi
fire Mario Wario and Diddy Kong who
looks very very confused there can you
see him there can you see him looking
confused as fuck - yoga kids I haven't
done yoga for like ever so this is
awesome I can't wait to get back into it
it's got like those weird ball things
that you use the massage roller balls a
yoga mat bag and stay cool cooling
towels for working out hyper evaporative
machine washable stay cool for our this
innovative towel will help keep you cool
in hot weather out in the field or at
the gym out in the field this is a slave
towel
who the fuck is like actually out in the
field often so much so that this is
something stereotypically would be on a
thing for a towel alright guys the best
part is yet to come
this sexy ass fucking
mousepad oh my God look at those squishy
titties this fucking bad-ass 2016 gothic
calendar I really love gothic art the
only person who loves gothic art more
than me is Jay I have to show of this oh
my god is this Samus in the zero suit or
is this Nova I'm gonna pretend it's bull
oh now I have something to jerk my fake
a predict to and to Metallica CDs for
the car just Master of Puppets and
justice for all
or and and justice for all nice I know
we have a similar taste in music and
lastly an iPad case I've been talking
about wanting to get an iPad but I don't
have one yet so this might be motivation
to actually buy one okay guys thank you
so much for all the gifts I'm holding my
penis to show you how I wrecked I am at
the fact that you guys are so amazing
don't breeds like the video subscribe
the channel and thank you so much for
supporting everything about my content
Fridays are basically just fan days
where I open the fan mail or I do some
fanservice to give back to the people
who make my dreams possible you guys are
fucking amazing I hope you have a
wonderful day
and despite being kind of against
holidays happy holidays have fun with
your family relax
you deserve it nobody's watched a lot of
tear videos and streams
Hinton's
Wow
