hey guys it's Thanksgiving weekend and
it's getting closer to the holidays so I
thought I would tell you why I don't
celebrate Thanksgiving and why I think
it's a stupid fucking holiday so I'm
gonna entitle this something like fuck
Thanksgiving because it's kind of the
whole thing that I go for anytime I'm
mad at something or anytime I don't
agree with something I'm like fuck it
and then people are like ooh what's she
gonna say and usually it's really
interesting and totally makes up for the
fact that you know you guys probably
think its clickbait because there's tits
even though there's tits actually in the
video anyway let's talk about why
Thanksgiving is fucking stupid and
before I go into why I think it's
fucking stupid I want to point out that
there are some good things that come of
it first of all you get two days instead
of one day for the holiday after after
okay so like it's whatever Thursday and
Friday it always falls in whatever
Thursday and Friday it can usually
around the like the 28th there's
something and that gives you Thursday
Friday Saturday Sunday as a weekend
usually at your job and at every school
so that's fucking awesome you get some
time off and having time off is always
great to like rest and recuperate and um
it's very good that holidays make people
go see their family more like that's the
time you go see your family
and it's good to like make time to go
see your family and to remember to do
that because you feel that there's a
tradition behind it but that's something
that I have against holidays in the
first place it it makes you only do
something once a year something that you
should be doing all the time and if you
don't think you should be doing it like
if you have a shitty family it makes you
feel either lonely or it makes you feel
obligated to do something just because
of tradition and as you guys know I
think things that are illogical and just
not good that our tradition should kind
of be abolished or people should
understand that if it's not for them
they shouldn't do it and they shouldn't
feel left out because they're not doing
it so I think Thanksgiving is just
fucking stupid for many reasons but
that's one of them you only go see your
family around the holidays why do you
not like your family if you don't like
your family don't go see them if you
like your family make time to see them
more often they're not gonna be there
forever
they've been there for you why don't you
you know be there for them and see them
more often another thing is like people
get really happy around the holidays and
I like that and I like holidays but I
really hate that a lot of the origins of
like most of the holidays like Easter
and Christmas and stuff like that are
based around
and I'm the aunt isn't it Isis of a
theist I'm an atheist I'm an anti theist
I thought that would be more fun when I
said it in my head a couple hours ago
but yeah so I don't really like the the
religious undertones and the religious
obligations that some people feel they
need to do around the holiday season
that's just kind of annoying to me to me
when I was growing up since my parents
have their own little like religious
beliefs but they never pushed it on me
so Easter was always the time that I got
like cute little chicken stuffed animals
and got like candy and had to you know
Easter egg hunts and Christmas was
always the second time that I got
spoiled in the year the first one was my
birthday in November so I was like
November and December just like packed
full of me being a spoiled only child
and I liked that and I liked the you
know together NASA family and getting to
see my grandma or whatever and you know
I like the the holiday cheer and the
decorating but the religious undertones
are just kind of meh and gross but out
of all of the holidays the one I think
is the most pointless and stupid
stupidest is Thanksgiving because what
the fuck okay so they pardon a turkey
why I'm vegetarian so the mass and
killing of turkeys for no fucking reason
other than tradition it's fucking stupid
pigging out and promoting obesity it's
just really dumb and like if you did an
excuse to pick out have a cheat day once
a month or something don't just fucking
be retarded it's really dumb and so I
stopped going to my parents house
because my parents like having turkey
and I'm vegetarian and they didn't want
to not eat Turkey so I'm like alright
I'm not gonna come over like you guys
want me to for the tradition and I just
don't celebrate it anymore it doesn't
make any sense
and then people act like it's a day to
be thankful I wake up every fucking day
and I'm thankful for what I have I don't
need a day to do that and if people feel
like they need a day to do that that's
kind of sad like you should be if you
have like a diary or whenever you're
writing something or ever you have a
conscious thought you should be like wow
I'm really thankful for what I have and
I think it's kind of ridiculous and
idiotic that people actually need a day
to remember that they're thankful for
things like that's just stupid and then
to link that to a historical event like
people coming over on the Mayflower and
half
in America for the first time in like
massacring and raping Indians which is
not what you see in the historic text by
the way when you're taught in like
elementary and middle school about
history that's not what it seems like it
seems like oh they're having such a
peaceful time and they're becoming you
know one nation but really it was just a
time of you know terrible slavery and
pillaging and you know wrongful
happenings on our part I'm actually a
very close to Cendant my dad had a
really close ancestor on the Mayflower
so I actually he was like a carpenter or
something so you know it's actually a
little bit closer to home not that I
give a shit about anything that happened
in the past I think anything that you
know where people get really offended
because something used to mean something
like you know certain words like that
type of shit is really stupid it didn't
directly affect you so I'm just kind of
explaining why I say we went over and
did these things to the Indians because
it's my direct ancestors who did do
those things um and we as white people
basically because obviously I'm white
I'm extra white right now actually
because I had content for two or three
weeks I don't know it's pretty awful so
that's why I don't celebrate
Thanksgiving it's basically just a
retarded holiday with a terrible excuse
to see your family and a terrible excuse
to be thankful for the things that you
have when you should be doing that like
as much as fucking possible and I think
people who make excuses like that like
the whole like celebrating New Year's in
a way where you just get drunk and act
like a fool and then make New Year's
resolutions that you never actually
stick to when you decide to make a
change in your life you should make a
change right then and there you
shouldn't be like oh put it off I'll
just give it a bit of fat in the
holidays and that's cookies like why
don't you just have like self-control
and resolve and see your family fucking
lose the weight you want to lose
don't pick out don't kill a billion
animals for some kind of righteous cause
and don't celebrate something just
because you know some fucking Jesus was
reborn or born first or you know you
know had his first shit or wherever the
fuck is going on no offense to the
people actually I don't give a shit if I
find you so offends to the people who
are really super religious and go to
church on those days and you know if you
use that as an excuse to go to church
and you're super religious you should be
going to church more often not just on
the holidays ah it's like that kind of
thing to like
if you want to be have resolve and be
religious and say that you're all such a
religious person don't just celebrate
when it you know feels like you have to
celebrate when it's not convenient for
you go you know pay your respects when
it's not just convenient to do so or
when everyone would look down on you if
you didn't and I think that's kind of
dumb I think what we need to get past as
a society is that if traditions are
often retarded and antiquated and we
should make new traditions based on our
own personal experiences like I like
traditions like Tara's birthday because
it's like a fun day to just do whatever
the fuck I want which is something I
can't do every single day because you
know I have to live in reality it's not
like being thankful for someone or
seeing your family it's something that
you can't do because reality's holding
you down like you should do these things
all the time it's like a good thing to
live by so yeah the Atheist vegetarian
does not at all like or care about the
holidays other than you know pretty
Christmas trees and decorating and just
Jenna in general being happy it's like I
don't get happy around the holidays but
I like the fact that everyone else is
getting happier around the holidays
which is so illogical but I'm like cool
everyone's happier that makes me happy
so whatever floats your boat I just wish
that you guys could kind of see the
flaws in that kind of thinking and that
kind of like antiquated like well we've
done it for so many years we should keep
doing it like those kind of those kinds
of like ideas are what keep us in the
fucking Stone Age in a lot of ways like
in our you know thinking and how there's
so much like prejudice still toward
certain things or you know like sex like
you know gays that kind of thing so
that's why I don't give a shit about the
holidays for the most part I like to you
know have a little shallow fun when the
holidays roll around like Easter yeah I
get to buy some more stuffed animal
chickens because that's something I
collect that's cool
I get to you know get those like my
favorite chocolates those little those
little round egg things because they
don't fucking sell them the the eggs
with the Reese's in the middle oh my god
fucking it's like sex to my mouth and I
would get one of those on like a cheap
meal that I had like once a month if I
could but they only sell them around
fucking Easter because fuck traditions
you know what I'm saying alright guys
this has been a very rambling and
hopefully entertaining video but also
I'm kind of
embarrassed about it because I thought
it would be a lot better and a lot more
succinct and I thought you know I don't
like it when I feel like I'm rambling so
much so that people will just dismiss
what I'm saying when I have really good
you know really well-thought-out
thoughts behind what I'm saying but it
sounds just kind of like silly and you
know I don't know so hopefully this
video made you think while also being
entertaining that's that's what I get
out of being silly all right guys
happy Thursday Friday Saturday and
Sunday I should say happy 40 weekend
that's pretty good happy 40 weekend guys
enjoy it and of course like the video
subscribe to the channel and I got a new
phone and it's like as big as my fucking
head as you can see it was just fucking
awesome and it also records in 4k but I
think it only records in 4k in the back
cam so I don't think I can actually do
like the old laying on the floor doing
vlogs type thing in 4k I'm not sure I'll
have to do some research on it but I
will be recording a patron only vlog for
my patreon page with this and I'll also
do one that is available to the public
to love you guys
