hey guys today we're gonna tackle what
my opinion is on the statement there is
someone for everyone or that there will
always be someone out there for everyone
basically and it's something that's used
often to make people not give up hope
when they're feeling bad because they
are alone or they've had a lot of really
shitty relationships I'm excited about
this topic because it's really cool like
I got a tweet from one of my viewers who
said I should do this topic and he also
said because I'm convinced that there
isn't someone for everyone and there
definitely isn't someone for me I want
to address his attitude toward it as
well as addressing what I actually think
about the statement itself I really like
it when you guys give me topics because
often there are things that I just
haven't thought about for a while and I
see it as a very like simple
philosophical question and then you guys
make me think about it a lot more and it
deepens my thought process regarding the
topic and I really like that because it
makes me you know think more obviously
and then I can make more interesting
content for you guys right because I'm
thinking more anyway I think that
society's view of someone for everyone
is true because I think there are a lot
of someone's for everyone there's a mr.
right now and a mr. right and people get
so caught up and looking for mr. right
that they end up creating a mr. right
with a mr. right now and mr. and mrs. is
obviously interchangeable it's just
easier to not say mr. or mrs. every time
I use the word mr. right so you know the
ambiguous this genderly ambiguous mr. it
or is there an ambiguous like suffix
title what would he call it now the
suffix is usually like general or doctor
or something but okay Doc's are right or
dr. right now because you don't know if
it's a man or a woman anyway so I think
the only good
mr. right comes from honestly just
finding the right person when you're in
the right mindset in the right part of
your life when people are going out
looking for people that's when they find
mr. right now and they're romanticizing
all of the flaws that these people have
or just ignoring them because they so
desperately do not want to be alone
and I feel like a lot of societies push
to do the tradition of you know dating
marriage children really puts people in
terrible marriages where people have to
lie to each other and then the whole
dating process itself is absolutely
terrible and I understand that you have
to date because you can't just like just
pop you usually you can't just like find
someone perfect that you like work with
and then you just spend the rest of your
lives together and it's amazing that
doesn't usually happen so you have to
kind of put yourself out there and go on
dates and stuff but you don't
necessarily have to be like searching
for those dates you know like you just
find someone and you guys click and then
if they you know feel like they click
with you as well you can set up a date
but a lot of people are just trying so
hard that they end up in shitty
relationships and while you're dating
you're making this fake persona of
yourself that you think other people
will enjoy so you're like not telling
everyone your flaws you're just not like
outright going up to people and being
like I fart a lot I lie a lot and I
really like looking at big titty porn
like nobody goes to a Dayton says those
things those things might be factual to
who they are as an actual person but
they create this persona and it might
not even be like a fake person but it's
like holding back all the things that
you find embarrassing or or
dissatisfying to other people or just
interesting to other people and you try
to put your best face forward basically
when you're dating and then so this
person likes you for the fake persona
that you made and you like that person
for the fake persona you made and then
you get together and you spend every day
with each other because you're about to
get married or you're engaged or
whatever or you're just dating and you
decided to move in or just spend more
time together and you realize all these
little flaws and then you've invested so
much time that either these little flaws
don't matter because you love the person
or those little flaws have to not matter
because you've invested so much of your
time in that person does that make sense
it's like I really wish that we could
date in such a way that people wouldn't
be so turned off by the truth like on
the first date and I've always been like
really honest about everything that I am
about myself and really blunt and really
up for were straightforward and really
like this is what I want and this is
what I want to do with you when I'm
talking to different people and so
people don't really get the the wrong
idea and I don't really put a fake face
forward and of course as you like get to
know people more
or you're gonna get to know little
nuances about them that you can't
possibly know on the first date right
and it's not dishonesty that they're not
showing you that it's just that you
learn more about people but people do
try to put the best face forward and
that's something that sucks and what
sucks is that if someone's honest on the
first date it catches the person
off-guard so much that it can be a
turn-off
you know what I'm saying like whoa if
he's letting us know about that he must
be a psycho
that kind of thing you know when really
that could be just like the worst thing
about him and he wants to get that out
there as soon as possible so it doesn't
come out later on in the relationship so
there's kind of like a shitty like
mindset that goes along with dating and
trying to find the right person and so
many people spend their entire lives
with mr. wrong or mr. right now and it
just it doesn't seem correct so the idea
that there's a soulmate out there for
everyone you know I don't know if that's
true or not the world is so vast and you
know there could be even life-forms of
different galaxies fuck I don't know
different fucking planets and different
galaxies there could be like a mr. right
mister you know fucking namekian piccolo
right for me I don't know that and there
are so many different countries and so
many different cultures that someone in
Japan who doesn't speak English isn't at
the same culture as me could be my soul
mate
you know if the stars align and
everything is so vast and so much bigger
than oneself that it's hard to you know
actually say confidently that no or yes
there is someone for everyone and I
think honestly when you think about it
you know logically there probably isn't
someone for everyone but there's
definitely someone for everyone if that
makes sense like there's someone who's
not perfect there's someone that you
know you might not ever find your
perfect soul mate but you will find
someone you can you know spend your time
with your companionship with and maybe
the person that you spend your life with
the person that makes your life you know
better it could just be a friend someone
you don't see sexually or it could be
like a bunch of sexual partners all
throughout your life and you never
really find that perfect person and
settle down and have kids or maybe you
do that really early and everyone says
that oh it's not possible for you to
find your you know soul mate in your
high school sweetheart but everyone is
different every situation is different
and people can find each other really
earlier really late in life or never at
all and that's just the this
harsh truth of life so instead of going
out and looking for mr. right now unless
that's you know just something you need
if right now I want people who are going
out and dating to be honest with
themselves like people who are on zoosk
and all these like you know fucking
Christian mingle type shit everyone is
on a dating site I want them to be
honest with themselves that what they
want right now is companionship and not
necessarily mr. right now or mr. right I
want them to understand that what
they're getting into is probably going
to be short term and that the best
relationships are formed out of you know
experiences long-term experiences with
people and you're not just gonna find
the right person off of another
desperate person that's on a you know
dating site and it makes sense it's not
it's not wrong to go looking for mr.
right now that might be what you need
right now you might just need a little
bit of companionship or a little bit of
you know something that gives you
stability in life but I really feel like
people need to understand that that's
what it is it's not looking for a soul
mate you're not gonna fucking find a
soul mate on Christian mingle it's
possible but when I say you're not going
to it's like a 99% chance that you're
not going to colloquially speaking
you're probably not going to so like you
need to focus on other things that make
your life worth living because having
being codependent on finding other
person or having another person it
shouldn't be what makes your life worth
living but once you find that person
that real like connection that makes
your life amazing then yeah like things
it sucks because things become mundane
without that person and you kind of you
know life is a bunch of experiences and
instances and they are best shared with
people that you care about but so many
people are sharing those instances with
people that they shouldn't care about or
that they don't care about anymore just
you know for fear of being lonely so I
feel like there are many people out
there for every single person yes you
know every like person who thinks their
unfortunate looking or unfortunate in
there in the intelligence department or
kind of boring all those people have a
series of people that would be happy to
be with them for a time or happy to fill
that slot of I don't want to be lonely
anymore I want some companionship like
you should have a bunch of different
people in your life and you should
experiment to what kind of relationship
is perfect for you because that's what I
did I did
just go like okay I'm gonna get married
and have kids I in fact learned from a
young age that that's not what I wanted
to do and you know I thought about doing
stuff like that and I messed around with
the idea of you know having those kinds
of relationships and they just didn't
work out for me
and that's not wrong if you find
something that is non-conventional that
works for you you should stick to it and
you should be honest with yourself in
every relationship like am I staying
here because I'm lonely or am I staying
here because I actually genuinely like
the person and this is what I need in my
life right now and so many people don't
know how to leave relationships so many
people are afraid of having awkward
confrontations or awkward conversations
and arguments and awkward breakups that
they are just stuck and you get one
fucking life you should never be stuck
you should never settle and if settling
is just you know what you need to do
because you looked so long at that
moment know that you're settling and
then stop settling if you find something
better like people getting married to
what they've settled to to someone that
they can't even be honest with like if
you can't be honest with a person that
person is not your soul mate if that
person doesn't know your deepest darkest
secrets and all the weird nuances that
you have and all of the things that you
do that wouldn't be socially acceptable
like that person is not your soul mate
if you can't be openly honest like if
you can't like take one of those the
syringe of the truth serum and put it in
you and then have that person ask any
questions that they want if you're
uncomfortable with that idea you haven't
found your soul mate is it wrong that
you're with someone that you don't
consider your soul mate
no but be honest that it's not don't
just be like yeah I got a wife and kids
I haven't packed through in 20 years we
don't have sex in mrn weed she's getting
mad that I listen to you know the radio
and listen and watch football and she's
over there doing her nails which I hate
like so many people are in those
relationships and it's like really sad
to me that they're not there just like
that's how life is relationships suck
why does it suck and there's this like
bad connotation with wives and
girlfriends being balls and chains and
the opposite men and you know boyfriends
and husbands being people that you know
don't get into the what the woman is
into and it's just awful it's an awful
dynamic and it could be broken if people
realize that that is not the end-all
be-all and that's just not how it is
supposed to be and that's not the ideal
and there is more out there and it's
fine to enjoy what you have now but you
should always you know be there for
yourself and know what your self needs
so yeah um in other news I really really
want a fucking treadmill like so fucking
bad sometimes I get interrupts where I
can't make any progress on something and
then I think of something that motivates
me a lot or something that makes
something something that makes my goals
more attainable and then when I do it I
just make an instant amount of change
and this happened to me when I was in
college when I was learning about how
many calories do you need to lose to
lose a pound of fat and a bunch of
different like ways you can count
calories that make it really easy and I
just lost like a ton of fucking weight
and I want to get to my goals now by
like the summer or something it's like
an arbitrary time I don't care about the
summer like a lot of people do I really
hate it when people only get fit for the
summer or only get fit because it's
their new year's resolution and then
quit later I'm just like giving myself a
realistic goal so that I can try to
stick to it and I feel like having a
treadmill in my house that I can just
wake up and do some cardio in my like
fucking shorts just like throw on some
like dirty sports bra and I don't have
to like make the trek that takes an
extra thirty minutes like I feel like
that would do so much for me and then
when I do go to the gym I can focus on
the other things that aren't having a
treadmill at home like I can go I can go
tanning I can do some weight training
and all that stuff and I feel like
that's important to me right now and
when I think it's like a treadmill is
like $1500 Oh like a good treadmill and
I don't know if I want to invest that
much into it I don't know if I just want
to like outright spend that much money
and then I have to like either make like
like have it fucking assembled myself or
I have to pay someone over like a
hundred dollars to have it assembled and
I can afford this right now
but I do want to save for the future
because you know I'm in such a weird
volatile career right now that I have no
idea what's gonna happen in the future
and I'm assuming it's only gonna be
growth with small downfalls but I want
to start playing for the future and be
more be more future thought oriented
because I'm not at all right now and
yeah I just don't know like that's like
half of a plastic surgery procedure that
I could get you know but right now
I think about all the few plastic
surgery procedures I want or all of the
few upgrades that wants my appearance
right now I'm just thinking what does it
matter until I have the body that I want
so right now I want to focus on my body
and I don't know if I should just
fucking go ahead and splurge on the
treadmill I don't think I'm gonna get to
the patreon goal and I don't think
anyone's gonna buy because it's a lot of
fucking money so like do I just shell it
out I don't know sorry for the rambling
thanks for watching really anytime you
want tweet me Instagram me or post in
the comments the comments here are
probably the best way to get me a topic
to get a topic to me like a topic idea
but I really love your topic ideas they
make me think more they make me like a
more intelligent more thoughtful person
because I'm thinking about these things
that I thought were just so simple but
they're not like this topic was not
simple at all and I hope I did it
justice and let me know in the comments
what you think thank you for watching
you guys are fucking amazing I love you
bye oh also let me know what you think
about the whole like giving you a little
update on my life for like two minutes
at the end it might make the videos too
long I don't know maybe I'll just keep
them for patreon extra vlogs hey guys
