hey guys one of my lovely viewers wanted
me to talk about if I like to cuddle and
what I like to do after sex so I thought
I would go ahead and talk about it
because it's been a while since we've
had a sex related topic and even though
this isn't directly related to sex it is
still kind of sexual and you know a lot
of people have different opinions on it
do I like to cuddle in general yeah I do
I mean why wouldn't I like to cuddle
everyone likes to cuddle right I mean it
seemed it's fun it's a nice way to show
affection it can be comfy it releases
you know your stress it's just a great
thing to do and it you know shows your
affection for another person and
something that I do even though I'm you
know whatever you would call polyamorous
or whatever and I don't really do the
whole dating boyfriend kind of stick
that like society has imprinted in
everyone's brains you have to get a
boyfriend get engaged to get married to
have a child and just go into mediocrity
or whatever even though I don't do that
there are a lot of things I still enjoy
doing it's like I pick and choose the
things that I enjoy doing based on my
own morality and what makes me happy and
that just makes sense to me I don't just
like listen to what other people do or
go with the norm or traditions and stuff
and that just makes sense like in
general people should just decide don't
like marriage do like marriage don't
like kids do like kids want to do things
my own way just makes more sense so
cuddling is fun cuddling is great do I
cuddle with everyone that I have sex
with or do I like to cuddle after sex
not necessarily cuddling after sex can
be fun with someone that I you know feel
cuddly with but there are a lot of
people that I have sex with whether it's
a new relationship or an older
relationship that it's just not really
that thing I do with them maybe I don't
really even you know like them in that
like very its maternal to me to cuddle
you know what I'm saying like if I'm
cuddling with someone I it's someone
that I'm taking care of a little bit you
know and I'm like I want to be you know
that on that like emotional level with a
person so a lot of people I will just
you know chill out with and does
cuddling incorporate the just laying on
the arm and chilling or the whole like
he's smoking a cigarette now I'm sitting
there chilling not that anyone should
smoke cigarettes that's fucking gross
but you know the whole like just
relaxing after sex you know type of
thing I do that with almost everyone
unless I really didn't like the
experience so I really don't like the
person which hasn't happened and
I would like to chill out and hang out
there or go to sleep with them or you
know lay in his arms but it's not like
especially with like 90% of guys it's
not like a whole like would you do a
cuddling type of thing it's just like
laying there together and relaxing and
you know basking in what we just did
that was really fun and great and a lot
of times there's only been like one or
two guys in history that I've ever liked
to be cute cuddly with I feel like
cuddling often emasculates the guy
depending on how he does it and there
was a guy recently who did it
and I really didn't like it because of
the way he did it it was just like and
he was like it felt made him feel needy
instead of like you know just showing
affection and sometimes the way people
cuddle can just be a turn-off to me but
a lot of times the way people cuddle can
be great and I think cuddling is a great
thing to do it's a great activity just
like sex and I mean people can cuddle
with things that aren't their sexual
partners they can cuddle with you know
their dog or cat and cuddle with their
parents or their friends I've caught it
with my friends I've come with a lot of
my girlfriend's Chain Chomp is moving
around
shut up change up like I'll cuddle with
my girlfriends especially my like best
girlfriends or girlfriends that I am
more sexually intimate with like there
are some girls that I just you know mess
around with sometimes and they're like
really open and really into that kind of
thing and I'll cuddle with them and I do
agree that cuddling has more of a
connection to like sex because if you're
having sex with someone then you feel
more intimate with them therefore you're
more apt to be cuddling with them if
that makes sense I really enjoy like I
don't need the intimacy of cuddling I do
it because I actually enjoy it and a lot
of people will do it because they feel
needy and that's why I feel this
particular guy was giving off that like
needy vibe and that's what was kind of
pushing me away it's like oh he's not in
a you know healthy psychological state
or this relationship is not something
that he needs right now and it's not
good for us like you get that vibe when
someone acts a certain way and cuddling
can show because it's their most
vulnerable moments when they're acting
that way I don't have like a ton to say
about cuddling because cuddling
inherently is just like a good fun thing
to do and like why wouldn't you do it it
makes you happy when you cuddle a teddy
bear I have tons of stuffed animals so I
definitely cuddle stuffed animals but
when it comes to cuddling after
that's like a per situation basis and if
I don't wanna cuddle with you that
doesn't necessarily mean that I didn't
have a good time it doesn't necessarily
mean that I don't like you it just means
that we might be on a different level or
you know the way you cuddle I don't like
it or I just don't feel cut away at the
moment and I totally understand how men
are always like oh my god and all she
wants to do is cuddle afterwards and I
saw like a comedian talked about wanting
to cuddle after and how men are oh is
lamenting that women want to cuddle
after sex he says well if you actually
made her orgasm she would leave you
alone
she is like cuddling with you because
she's horny like that kind of thing I
don't remember which comedian it was but
I agree and disagree with that statement
I agree that like women will be really
agitated after sex if they didn't come
and so they're like trying to you know
she's a lot of women show affection
through being cuddly and making love
type stuff so if a girl is constantly
doing that to the point where it's
annoying to you then maybe yeah she
didn't get off and she's trying to get a
little bit more out of the you know out
of the instance so like she's like well
I'm not gonna come so I'm really horny
so I want to cuddle with this guy and
maybe you know make something make sex
into something actually enjoy and a lot
of men don't know how to please women so
it turns into something like that where
it's like oh I didn't enjoy this and
that sucks so let's try to get something
I like out of sex type of thing but I
also think that you know cuddling like
passively especially it's something that
a woman or a man should do after sex and
it shouldn't be annoying to either/or
and it should just be you know fun and I
don't do it when I'm still horny I do it
when I'm relaxed and often when I've had
great sex I want to just kind of go to
bed or all like you know lay there and
it'll be a separate laying or I'll start
playing video games or I'll go do
something else or I'll get ready to do
things and it doesn't necessarily have
to mean anything it can just be that I
felt like cuddling at the moment so I
don't know if I was in a relationship
with someone and they were insecure
about whether I do or don't cuddle with
them I would recommend just being like
why don't you or why do you does it
actually mean anything a lot of times in
in relationships people will just make
up like they'll just have some
convoluted idea of why someone is acting
some way and like stick to that and like
make that you know parent
grow and then that ends up ruining a
relationship rather than just being
honest with the person and being like
you know I really like to cuddle after
sex and you don't seem to is there a
reason why do you not feel a connection
with me are you just someone who likes
their space there are many reasons why
people do things and many different you
know types of personalities and it could
it could be something that is supposed
to be rude to you and it could be
something that's just that's the way the
person is so I definitely promote people
talking in a relationship even if it's
kind of a hard topic to be like oh well
did I satisfy you in bed I really want
to make sure I satisfy you because you
know although that conversation may be
awkward or may turn into a fight or
something afterwards you're gonna be
better for it and that's why a lot of
relationships die because they have a
hundred different things that are unsaid
and a hundred different like
machinations in their head of why these
people are doing this and this person
turns into some kind of stranger to you
if you don't talk so hopefully that
helps you out and hopefully I did a good
job of covering this topic there will be
more topics in the future please keep
sending them to me I got a really good
one on Twitter recently about if there
is someone for everyone you know that's
saying like you know they're putting a
fish in the sea and there's always
someone for everyone I want to talk
about that as well in a different video
so stay tuned don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel and
please check out my gaming channel at
youtube.com slash Tara Bob cook games
see you next time bye
