hey guys are you ready to get some free
shits
and you guys should know by now I am
sponsored by sample box and I've never
baked on stream yet have I now all I
have to do is learn how to do those
little o-ring to the smoke something
about like dislocating your jaw or using
your tongue or something I shouldn't be
good at it because I'm good at using my
tongue anyway the thing I love most
about having different partnerships and
sponsorships is that I get to give away
free shit to you guys share the wealth
right
so that will box and I are teaming up
together to give away a sub box mini
starter kit and a sample box which looks
like this but yours is gonna have eleven
eliquids
not just six so it's like experiencing
vaping to its fullest potential with
sample box if you guys want to sign up
for the monthly subscription as always
you can check out sample box calm and
use the promo code Tara to get some
savings oh yeah so you asked how do you
enter all you have to do is click the
giveaway link in the description once
you get there there are a bunch of ways
to enter you can do things like
following sample box on Instagram
following me on Instagram and a bunch of
other really simple things that give you
one entry each so the more things you do
the more entries you get and the more
likely you are to win also on my end I'm
asking you to post in the comments why
you want to quit smoking why you want to
vape and what makes it attractive to you
if you've been vaping for years and you
just want to try out some new liquids
post in the comments why you're
interested in sample box we can't go
around with free shit right and in all a
lot of you think that there is some kind
of health concern with vaping but
bathing is 100 percent better than
smoking in like literally every way
health esthetics social stigma and
otherwise and remember you can get the
liquids in any concentration of nicotine
so if you're like me and you've never
been a smoker you can get a nicotine
free
yummy brown sugar sample box has a bunch
of different EG suppliers from all
around the country so there's bound to
be a flavor and a type that you really
love and don't just like mindlessly
believe the poor publicity that you're
getting for vaping because of the
tobacco companies and the fact that
they're afraid to lose so much money do
your own research don't just listen to
the bullshit
alright good luck in the competition and
happy vaping and I will see you guys in
a few weeks for my December sample
boxing boxing boxing boxing boxing
boxing don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel and if you're
interested next week I'm gonna be giving
away a tear a Babcock Xbox one
controller the competition will start on
Sunday and it will be on my gaming
channel which is youtube.com slash tera
Bob cup games good luck I love giving
away free shit I hope you win mwah bye
guys
