hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
everything I say could be in Dothraki
and you would agree with it because I
have big titties initiate to become
bespectacled so I decided to do Terry
Ed's comments yes I know it's a little
late in this format because well it's
just higher-quality and it's more fun
and you get to see the comments up close
let's start with the gaming channel
youtube.com slash tired about cock games
oh yeah I was doing a video that's right
let's do this the plight of me having my
phone with me while I'm doing videos how
many boyfriend did she have billions
nigga you dumb as sheet irony that's our
first irony of this video to be the
devil's advocate though it is true that
sheets are pretty dumb I mean they have
no neurological capacity so but they do
their job of making us comfortable well
so I can't hate sorry but women
themselves are uncomfortable with their
sexuality and have thin skin period
thin-skinned period you know the period
is the shedding of the uterine wall
which is there to protect the baby if so
impregnated fun fact
anyway this guy named under ball butter
hit it right on the head I must not be a
woman by his definition at least
generalization for the win why don't you
play with mods applied to open-world
games like GTA 5 do would great that's
some great advice when will be the
November game release news I love it so
much better than zoom and TV games loot
list since yours covers the whole month
and indie games get recognition now you
guys talk about how I only showcase the
haters on this show but high five to
this comment I'm glad you liked it and
I'm sorry that I skipped in November
it'll be back in December also hell yeah
people need to recognize indie games
more some amazing shit has come out of
that law binding of issac this is my
favorite series to watch you play love
it
I like the strange videos thank you see
I recognize some of the good people now
back to the funny ones
I'm sure it's skinny and pale thank God
I don't care what some fucking dumb blur
cries this is literally a summation of
the entire comment section full of hate
on any attractive girls feed anywhere
letting that self hate show I liked that
comment oh god these are great what a
complete waste of six minutes of my life
she said nothing only redeeming value
are her tits only redeeming value are
her tits post in the comments if you
realize how bad that
if she didn't expose duh she'd have zero
followers best to just turn off the
column turning off the column is how you
progress in a lot of God award type
puzzles I don't know I can't even redeem
that and there's another one what a
moron she says nothing of value why
would anyone listen to this drivel
he knows the word drivel gold star for
him when she opens her mouth she ruins
everything
turn the volume down if she didn't pile
on the makeup to look hot she'd have
zero followers idiots it's like at the
end there he realizes how stupid he is
and then says idiot to himself also I
thought it was the boob it's not the
makeup that made me have followers no he
actually posts this same idea but
differently on many of my videos so he's
actually sitting there retyping it not
copy-pasting I admire your dedication to
hate such a healthy psychological state
you must be in so can i flap now that's
how speak unsuccessful people just want
to enjoy life and do nothing but that's
your problem that month successful
people wanting to enjoy life no one
hates you you stupid whore oh my god so
good these vids aren't fun to watch
anymore nothing inserting for me at
least
nothing's inserting into you while
you're watching my videos lots of things
insert on redtube
also I would be happy to insert
something into you you know if that
would make my content better for you yes
I'd love my daughter doing blowjobs to a
person she loves what's wrong with it
okay so there's nothing inherently wrong
with this comment I think that the fact
that it's weird that some guy who would
actually think about his daughter giving
blowjobs to someone in society elsewhere
it's just like not something that a
father thinks about his daughter doing
completely respectable daughters do do
it anyone in love should give a blowjob
I agree with this message just comes off
as a little creepy I don't know I didn't
even mention daughters giving blowjobs
in the video oh she basically thinks
quote no FAP is bullshit because I earn
money showing my tits around and having
people jerking off on me so go fuck
yourself you useless slut
I guarantee you I have never made a
dollar off of people drinking off onto
me although since I'm already doing that
I might as well make money off of it
right also if you think that the only
reason I don't like no FAP is because
I'm attractive and people think of me in
that way they're kind of dumb sorry I'm
sorry you say manhood but real men have
hair having no hair and big pops is
pornographic I'm failing to see the
disparity between pornographic
manling also you can't really change the
fact that you have a big cock what like
keeping that big bush there is just
making it look smaller so you feel
manlier I'm really confused about your
concept I am one of they gays
so for these comments are on one video
and two on another video and to another
video so posting multiple times on one
video and multiple times on other videos
I'm straight Tara is sexy as fuck Tara
why are so hot
Tara as a sex slave loll Tara as a sex
slave boom JK why is Tara so hot
like always Tara mmm Tara is still sexy
it's like he just had a fap session and
at the end he agreed that even after he
comes I'm still sexy got that seal of
approval Thank You El Chicano
productions alright it no it was a
little bit of a short Terri it's
comments butts my camera is dying and
I'm just getting back into it and I'm
sweating like a fucking pig so thank you
for watching oh forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel let me know if
you like this kind of shit and he pokes
and dumb fucking shit in the comments so
I have fodder for this series as always
I love you very much in a passionate and
sexual way like the video subscribe to
the channel and check out my gaming
channel where I take a lot of these
comments from my guys why the fools be
with you
