hey guys welcome to a new episode of
fanservice Friday the show that has
nothing to offer but good - 'it is
fanservice with the message that you
should never take yourself too seriously
and there's no reason to not enjoy your
sex drive I know I promised the foot
lovers a foot fetish video but I've been
sick and I haven't had the time to get a
pedicure so instead we're going to do
something kind of fun that was suggested
by a viewer in the comment section I'm
gonna do a reading in my bra
of some literati qey looking like a sexy
librarian solo neurotic ax is basically
pornographic stories things like fifty
Shades of Grey for women but the male
version because let's face it Fifty
Shades of Grey is kind of boring and
overhyped
and for those of you who didn't see the
deepthroating video last week you can go
to patreon.com/scishow
it's the only free post they're free
don't worry I don't want you guys to
have missed it it's fucking hot and a
total shame that they took it down
because there's fucking nothing wrong
with it without further ado let's read
this little radical haven't read it yet
I've had this one sent to me by a I
would say a friend of mine who's a
connoisseur of literati so hopefully
it's good he led me out to the upstairs
hallway and told me to stay there while
he went to the bathroom to shower I've
been up for a while but I'm still in my
sleep t-shirt that goes down to my knees
and nothing else
several of the boys are moving in and
out of their bedrooms and up and down
the stairs no one seems to question why
I'm standing by myself in the hallway
finally the guy comes out of the
bathroom wrapped in a towel I'm not sure
of his name he walks up to me pushing me
down on my knees with little resistance
I might add and undoes the towel right
there in the hallway I know what I'm to
do so I open my mouth and allow him to
have it over the past several months
I've learned to get the boys past my gag
reflex he puts his hands on the wall
above my head and leans in and fucks my
mouth he pushes my head back against the
wall with his cock and inserts himself
completely down my throat before pulling
out only to shove back in again I think
back to how this all started and why it
feels so normal so right I'm in my
freshman year at college my first time
away from home I had the full intention
to do college right get my degree and
pursue my dream career but I ended up at
a frat party and said it was one of my
girlfriends that invited me she said I
needed to get out and meet people the
party was at one of the campuses larger
fraternity houses and it seemed that
everybody was there I was enjoying
myself talking to people and drinking
I'm not a big drinker so it wasn't
before I had drank too much the night
wore out and most of the crowd had
cleared out I ended up sitting on a
couch with a cute guy making out it was
pretty cool for me since I'd never had a
serious relationship I've always been a
small girl just starting to fill out
over the last year or so
my breasts are small but pert and
perfect for my small frame we were
sitting with a number of other people
and couples in the grouping of chairs
and couches listening to music the
lights were low and nobody seemed to be
paying each other much attention their
minds focused on more intimate things my
cute guy had my full attention having
his hands at my blouse and me being a
little too drunk to make any better
choices I was feeling pretty brave being
away at college and going further with a
guy that I had ever gone before he
pulled me from my sitting position next
to him on the couch to up and on his lap
my knees were straddling him and we were
face to face making out his hands
started to row up my skirt and onto my
thighs I was finding it all very
exciting one of his hands down the front
of my panties and started rubbing my
head began to spin and my body seemed to
catch fire I'm not sure when he undid
his pants but the next thing I feel is
him pulling my panties to the side and
pressing his penis up against me before
I knew it he entered me and was tearing
my hymen stroking deep inside of me I
gasped in pain and pleasure all in one
moment the next thing I know my cute guy
is saying to everyone holy shit dude
she's a virgin all of a sudden in my
most intimate moment everyone is focused
on me as I'm sitting on my very first
penis guys are getting up and coming
over saying no shit man my cute guy was
holding me down fully and paled on his
lap while his frat brothers are
gathering around before I knew it my top
was lifted up over my head with my bra
and hands came in from behind to touch
my breasts with my nipples being
squeezed and twisted I suffered a surge
of fear as these large hands began
assaulting my little body as more hands
began to explore me some were touching
my neck and face and pulling my hair
hands were reaching under my skirt as if
it weren't even there and grabbing my
bottom while others were reaching around
my front rubbing my thighs where my cute
guy was entering me I couldn't believe
what was happening I couldn't believe
what I was feeling
I was absolutely powerless and feeling
totally vulnerable I don't know why but
rather than pushing the hands off me
I raised my arms up and laid them across
the top of my head the boys reaching in
from behind grabbed both breasts
one in each hand and use them to lift me
off the cute guy's penis and then
pulling my breasts down to shove me back
onto it hard another set of hands were
squeezing my bottom and fingering my
asshole
I began to come massively one of the
frat brothers said she's loving this I
want some cute guy I told him to wait
because he hadn't come yet that only
brought more furious fondling an
exploration of my private parts finally
cute guy came and I was swooped off his
lap as my skirt and panties were ripped
off and told to get on the coffee table
on all fours I had no idea what made me
comply but I did what I was told is if I
should I climbed on the table and had a
surge of different stimulus the
realization and obedience to being used
dominated before I even got settled on
the low table a cock was pushed into me
from behind then my small frame was
grabbed between two large hands and hold
onto a penis that was pressed against my
lips I had never given a blowjob before
but I opened my mouth and took it I
didn't need to do much since he was
doing all the work my mouth was just
there for him to pleasure himself being
pumped from both ends at once was
unbelievable my girlfriend who was still
hanging out with her boyfriend was
trying to tell them to stop but they
weren't having any of it they kept
saying that she loves it she deserves it
she's a slut at heart this only made me
want it more harder the guy in my face
pulled out of my mouth and came all over
my nose mouth eyes saying see she's just
a cum covered slut he was quickly
replaced by another cock by this time I
was getting another load in my pussy the
next cock behind me moved right up to my
ass and pressed in another new
experience that took me by surprise and
up and over the edge I had never felt
such pain such pleasure being filled to
overflowing it was so extreme so taboo
my arms gave out dropping my face onto
the coffee table leaving only my bottom
up in the air once he was fully inserted
he started pumping my tiny ass fast and
furious I couldn't breathe and juices
were flowing down my thighs orgasms
surged through my body I was having a
hard time making sense of anything and
was surprised to hear a girls voice say
turn her over the next thing I knew I
was flipped onto my back on the coffee
table and held there I could see a girl
step over my face and crouch down
pressing her vagina onto my mouth
needless to say I never even considered
this but I seem to naturally know what
to do alright guys I think I'm gonna
leave you hanging there because fuck
yeah it's more fun to tease right let me
know what you thought of this fan sir
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel and please guys check out
my gaming channel youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games as always I hope you
enjoyed I love you guys and if you like
this kind of thing maybe I'll do a part
two she turns into a lesbian I would
give the story 3 out of 5 stars
I mean it's pretty hot it's crazy to
think of a virgin doing all those sexy
things but at the same time it's like
there were a lot of grammatical and
writing errors I hate it when I'm
reading litter Annika and I kind of feel
like it's just some guy jerking off with
one hand and not even using spellcheck
on the other while typing I've always
been a writer myself and I want you to
be good maybe I should write my own Lin
erotica see you guys in two weeks I have
a ton of awesome ideas for fanservice
Friday
