holy shit guys I'm back ah I also made a
sexy it may the force be with you star
wars shirt out of a little girl's medium
I cut it up and it looks awesome I think
I like it I'm actually overheating
because I'm still a little bit sick and
I took caffeine it's like oh my god ah
so if I I sound funny it's because I'm
kind of overheating a little bit so um
this is gonna be one of those videos
where I update you on what's going on in
my life if you don't like to hear about
my everyday life you should skip to
tomorrow's video which is going to be
fanservice Friday as usual and over my
dead body but not really will it be
taking down this time because i'm going
to make sure it is PG enough and i guess
i'm not going to push the boundaries of
what youtube will allow i did not think
that the banana thing would be an issue
i thought maybe the like ass jiggling
thing would be an issue or like the boob
pasties dancing around but apparently
they like to show off your body as a
woman rather than just you know have
some sexual themes that are kind of fun
and harmless I don't know it's fucking
weird anyway so the reason I've been
gone for so long is because I've been
pretty sick I had my birthday and I
planned on taking like two to three days
off from streaming but i still had
content backed up during my birthday
because i wanted to sit on the couch and
played video games cuz that's my
all-time favorite thing to do is just be
lazy and sit on the couch and play video
games but i ended up getting six during
that time I think because the weekend
before that I went to I went to a magic
tournament and every time I go to a
really big magic tournament where
there's excuse me a lot of people I end
up getting sick because i think my
immune system is not tolerant or yeah
it's not tolerant as much wouldn't i
don't have the antibodies because I
don't hang out with a lot of people
often so I don't get everyone's germs
and I haven't built up resistance as to
that that is my theory but I'm not a
biologist chemist or doctor so I have no
fucking clue how any of that works it's
fucking hot you guys see me sweating
right now holy shit I'm so happy to be
back like feeling like myself because I
feel more energetic and I have like I
can do like my Barbie look that I like
and I can wear clothes without being
like oh I'm freezing oh I'm hot but then
you know I get really hot right now like
yeah so that kind of sucks
anyway so I got sick and then I was like
well fuck it you know let's take a
little bit of time off and I get huge
anxiety like pangs everywhere when I'm
not make creating content or streaming
enough I'm like I'm gonna lose
subscribers people are gonna like not
give a shit about me anymore oh my god
nobody's gonna miss me and everyone's
gonna be mad that I didn't make content
they don't I can't just like post to the
world and everyone who watches my
content can't see that hey I'm sick and
then you know some people be like out of
that and it's just like I get anxiety
and I also miss it so like I'm missing
doing the things that I do on a daily
basis and I'm also getting anxiety I'm
getting anxiety because I'm like oh I'm
eating these foods to try to recuperate
but they have more calories and might go
to the gym oh my god and like getting
out of my schedule really fucks me up in
my head and then when i try to get back
it's harder to do and like less work
makes me more tired and stuff like that
so it's like kind of annoying to me that
that has to happen we're like I have to
get in that whole system getting back so
when I'm sick though I like being sick a
little bit because it's the only time I
actually have an excuse to not be just
like working my ass off right because I
feel like if I am able I should be doing
it like if I'm waiting for jay to like
take a shower or something I don't like
sit there and play like an extra game or
something that I like want to do like
some guilty pleasure game like fucking
go home dinosaurs or something I feel
like I need to be creating content
answering emails doing everything I
possibly can and I never liked doing
things that I that I loved as like a
team sport or something that became a
job because when something becomes a job
is a little bit of the fun in it you
know but I haven't lost any of the fun
and making you know videos or doing
video game related stuff we're talking
about philosophy because I love it so
much but at the same time I feel
obligated to do it and that stresses me
out anyway enough rambling so what I did
will have a sick is i watch the entire
saw saga and the entire star wars saga
because Jay bought me both of those
series and this is fucking awesome I
haven't seen four or five and six star
wars episodes since I was really young
my dad would we would take a once a once
a year we would go down to Seaside
Oregon which used to be like my favorite
city because it's so like cozy but it's
also like a seaside resort type area my
whole family would go down there and
meet and see my grandma and like one of
my favorite memories of my childhood is
my dad
rent four five and six and we would
watch it and we would watch other older
movies and stuff and like horror flicks
and it was really like a cool family
experience my mama always fall asleep
way too early and she was never really
into those kinds of movies but my dad
and I would watch them and is really
cool to rewatch them and remember all
these things then I had never watched
one two and three so I watched this and
those are actually pretty good and know
a lot of people hate on them and I can
see why people hate on them at the same
time I really like them and I like the
improved production quality and approved
acting quality if that makes any sense
and then after that we re-watched like
jay and i re-watched what's it called
the Star Wars trilogy Family Guy
versions and I was kind of disappointed
in those because i like them the first
time i watched them having not
remembered a lot of Star Wars but then
the second time I was like there are so
many more things you can make fun of in
such a better way it made me want to be
Seth MacFarlane so I can like redo it
and better because there were some parts
that were funny but there were a lot of
parts that they just kind of ignored and
I thought it could have been a lot
better but this is not a review for the
Star Wars trilogy by the family guy
creators this is me talking about what I
did so I'm aside from that i also
finished Assassin's Creed Black Flag and
I finished Assassin's Creed rogue so now
I'm going to be playing unity and then
i'll be doing syndicate that's why i
just put syndicate gold on my wish list
because i'm like i'm going to get there
soon something i really really love like
my favorite thing in the entire world is
sitting on the couch switching off
playing with jay like a single player
campaign or you know if there's
something that's two player that's
actually as deep as a single player
campaign like that's fucking awesome
that's pretty rare so like we switch off
playing and I'll watch him and he'll
watch me and you know we'll help each
other or whatever and I love going
through a story like just chillin on the
couch and then ordering pizza or some
kind of bad food for you and like
binging on a game and completely
finishing it with it like one or two
days like I fucking love that so much
and Assassin's Creed is one of my
favorite franchises and I've been so
behind like I was like really behind and
I really want to play liberation too but
anyway um so I caught up on that oh
that's awesome um the only thing I need
to do is I need to play auto wall is a
dlc for Black Flag and then I can start
playing unity and then I'll be caught up
and I'm super excited about that mmm and
now I don't have to feel like oh my god
I'm gonna see spoilers because I'm so
far behind
but there are other franchises I got to
catch up on like my favorite franchise
of all time you know that's a current
franchise god war I'm not caught up on
that either i haven't played ascension
or anything so i also need to catch up
on metal gear solid as you guys know i
need to play ground zeroes and
revengeance but revengeance is a
different story line so whatever i feel
like i should be putting this on my
gaming channel because a lot of you guys
don't play games but i hope you guys do
um what else did I do for my birthday
the thing I wanted to do and i don't
know if i'm going to upload it to
youtube I don't know if it's like good
for YouTube or if you guys would even be
interested in it because i know i have a
predominantly male fan base but i wanted
to buy j a fuck ton of clothes from
hollister because I you know like preppy
clothes like I don't really like preppy
guys and since I know Jays like
personality doesn't come with prep I
think it's really cool to see like you
know a guy that's you know got a beard
and into like working out and go to the
gym wearing hollister clothes I thought
that would be really hot and he's always
been like no and I want to do that the
clothes are gay and back he was a little
bit more buff and he actually didn't fit
into like even an extra-large and when
he did it was like baggy on his waist
but now I'm he when he started working
at Boeing he didn't have as much time to
go to the gym so he lost a little bit of
muscle and fat which is interesting but
anyway so he's like more cut now but
he's still kind of big and he looks
really great in the clothes I bought a
bunch of it just to like you know have
like a fap bank where I like used this
camera that's really high quality camera
and we do like a little photo shoot with
him in a bunch of different clothes and
I recorded it and I took a bunch of
pictures and now he's uploading those to
Instagram so if you want a phone i
follow him on Instagram it's Dzeko fly
gck 05 so add jackal 5 obviously and me
tara babcock on instagram oh so he's
starting an Instagram and I did made him
do the photo shoot thing and it's just
like something that's sitting on my
spank bank but I could also like make
like a jig photo shoot video for this
channel if you guys were inched in that
but i doubt it i don't know if i will
and i don't know if he'll let me it was
pretty fun the only time he's ever
professionally modeled was with me once
back in the day i think it was like in
2010 or nine or something we needed a
male model and since he had the look but
he didn't have the experience there was
no one else and he did it and it was for
like a cat
it was a it was funny because we got to
do this like really weird dynamic that
is not realistic it was for a column it
was like stock photos for a column about
a woman being dissatisfied in bed so we
got to like do a bunch of like sexy
scenes where we were being sexy and then
we had to do a bunch of scenes that
progressed into like me being really
disappointed so I'm sitting on the edge
of the bed going like oh and he's back
there going like what and it's really
funny and he's all like super buff and
I'm like super tiny and I've like
underboob and like crazy sex hair anyway
it was really fun to model with him but
he's never really I think he finds it
kind of silly and I understand the type
of guy that I like would always find
that kind of thing like trying to be
very like metrosexual and like sexy and
like mmm like playing it up for the
camera like I can totally understand him
with that personality with the
personality that I like not being able
to model well but he had kind of got
into it for this photo shoot and I
really appreciated that he did that for
me on my birthday because it was
something that I wanted to do for a long
time and it was immensely fun to me and
it's kind of funny because he got a lot
of new clothes and I was like I kept the
receipt and I was like anything you want
to take back you can take back and take
anything back and i also got him like
this onesie that makes him look like a
chicken it was hilarious so uh yeah
that's pretty much what I did for my
birthday / being really sick i ordered a
lot of pest food i probably gained a
couple pounds so I'm like trying to get
back to the gym I also went to Dick's
Sporting Goods and I found like the
perfect treadmill and I'm thinking about
just buying it before I reach my patreon
goal and just going like fuck it and
like financing it or something but I
don't know so that's what I did sorry
for the long and just like talkative
blood Allah video tomorrow sec said
Saturday I'm going to do the the Terry's
comments that I missed and everything
will just be right with the world who
hopefully may the force be with you ooh
hi guys woof
