hey guys sorry if my setup and the world
around me looks a little bit disheveled
I just unboxed my fan mail friday or
mail fit but fan mail friday fnm friday
night mail fuck i'm so retarded holy
shit anyway um I just did that video
that is like right after my birthday so
I got more gifts that I can ever fucking
possibly imagine like holy shit I I'm
like humbled by how much support you
guys give me and how much you spoil me
so fucking amazing I just wanted to say
that just in case you guys don't watch
my fnm videos but today I want to talk
about meeting fans and the whole like
the things I've been like I'm kind of
out of it today I'm a little bit sick I
haven't done a video for like three or
four days because I was relaxing for my
birthday and then I got this weird cold
that I'm still kind of experiencing and
so it's weird and I feel really like
dizzy and out of it I took some cold
medicine so if I'm out of it I'm sorry
because of that so we're going to talk
about meeting fans and everything that
revolves around that and that happens
because of that and things that I do and
don't like and things that I've
expressed i expressly don't like that
other people do I feel like most people
in the eye of the public are extremely
ungrateful for their fans and there are
a lot of you know entertainment avenues
where it doesn't really matter if you
have fans and that's not the people who
make who you are but most avenues where
you are doing something in the
entertainment industry your fans make
you who you are if you're fans didn't
exist and the people who watch your
content and the people who support you
if they didn't exist you would be
absolutely nothing and you owe so much
to them and I feel like giving back by
going and meeting them and talking to
them for a little bit and you know
giving hugs as much as possible like I
give hugs any time someone comes up to
me is like hey i watch your content I
give like big hugs they try to like
shake my hand like no hug ah and I
fucking love that and I used to go to
conventions for modeling of one of the
big ones that I used to go to is called
glamourcon where they would have like
Playboy Playmates and models and stuff
and people would come up and like
purchase autograph images or take
pictures with you and a lot of the girls
would like charge you 20 bucks just to
take a picture with them like with your
you know disposable camera or whatever
it is that you brought like I think
that's absolutely ridiculous I never
charged for photos in there like well
you would make more money if you did
that but I actually made more
anything they did because I actually
cared to talk to my fans and you know
suck hug them and thank you for thank
them for the support they give me and
just like had like a great time the
money well it's not about the money it's
about like giving back to the people who
have given their time to me and my
content and to who like went through the
modeling industry it's a little bit
different so the people who like admire
my beauty and all the hard work I put
into my body and everything and my
shoots and all the creative shoots that
I've done and just people who admire
what I'm doing because they're
like-minded and you know like the same
things that I do and some a wise person
once told me I don't remember which wise
person it was actually but if you're
making something that you think is funny
or that you think is entertaining or
that you think is beautiful or good you
know there's chances that there are
hundreds or thousands of other people
out there that feel the same way you do
and have the same tastes you do and
showing your content to the world brings
them in to that fact and you have like a
little community of people who have the
same sense of humor that you do the same
you know taste that you do and you can
find people who click with you so much
better through your like fan base or
your viewer base then you can just by
walking around and viewing people and
that's why I view my fans as an extended
family and I don't really have many
friends that I view as extended family I
don't have many family members I just
have my mom and my dad and Jay and a
couple of other people like I talked
about before that I respect but my fans
people I haven't even met in real life
most of the time are just people who
impacted my life the most and I fucking
understand that and I'm very grateful
for you guys but um that being said
there are things that can kind of annoy
me when like fans come up and talk to me
like I don't mind fans coming up and
talking to me or taking a picture or
wanting to chat at any point ever the
one thing that kind of bothers me and
this happened a little bit um well at
first I thought he was going to do it to
me but then he didn't the one thing I
don't like is um trying to monopolize my
time if that makes any sense like if I'm
in a magic tournament which is a place
where you you aren't really moving
around much because in between rounds
you're just sitting and talking to your
friends means you have a lot of time
especially if you play an aggro deck or
aggro ish deck like I do so on this guy
came up to me and he was like super like
oh my god you played magic I didn't even
know you're fucking awesome I love your
videos and like he wanted to like chat
with me and pick my brain because I
guess he thought it was smart or
something because of the content that I
create and I was like yeah that's cool
but then I started feeling like he was
trying to monopolize my time like I'm
talking to my friends and he comes up
and he wants to talk to me for an
extended period of time I'm completely
fine with you coming up and like hanging
out with my group and making everyone in
my group feel welcome but when you're
just there to talk to me and I kind of
get that because you're watching my
content you don't know these people but
you have to be respectful of my friends
and the people that I spend time with
you can't just try to monopolize me if
that makes any sense and that's
literally the only thing that annoys me
about meeting fans are meeting people
that I don't know our meeting people who
know my content is that occasionally
they will try to you know just disregard
the people that I'm hanging out with or
try to pull me away for an extended
period of time when I'm like you know
trying to watch my friend play magic or
trying to talk to my friends and I'm
totally fine with being like can I hang
out with you guys and just sit there
just like laughs to and contribute to
the conversation I'm not like some weird
snob that's like a oh I don't know you
so there's got to be like this this
barrier you're a fan okay like I'm
totally not like that i'm most like I
think I cut the shit out of my hand
opening boxes with the fuck I'm like the
most welcoming person I guess like I
like having big crowds and you know I
like meeting new people and I don't see
any disparity between a random person I
meet and a random person I meet who
enjoys my content I feel like a lot of
fans or viewers of certain people try to
act like they're not fangirling or
whatever or try to act like they don't
know about my content because they don't
want to feel like they're being treated
like a fan and I don't treat fans like
fans like I never do that I treat them
like people I respect more than random
people I meet there are people that I
respect more than the people i play
magic with on a daily basis because
those people are fucking supporting me
and they're fucking amazing and we have
similar interests and similar fucking
senses of humor and that's what makes
perfect sense to me to fucking support
them like they support you anytime
someone has a patreon page and they are
trying to be a Content producer as and
they're supporting me I support them
back like I pledged to their fucking
patreon campaign and I have like four or
five people that I'm pledging to like
some youtubers and people are making
this guy that I pledged to today he
makes metal music out of like regular
gaming stuff and it's not the big guy
that does that but it's a guy that's
trying to get popular in that field and
I fucking support the shit out of that
because I love metal
I love games he obviously loves metal
and games because he subscribed to me so
it's like it fucking works why not cross
promote why not help this person you
know who's trying to make a living doing
similar things than what I similar
things to what I'm doing you know it
makes sense I'm gonna like lose my
fucking voice my friday night male video
was literally like 40 to 50 minutes or
something I'm gonna have to cut it down
but it was a lot of fucking talking and
you know being really happy and
surprised and holy shit my fucking
throat hurts but anyway um almost every
personality I've ever met in whether it
be gaming youtubing starcraft league
whatever the fuck community where you
can have some form of celebrity they're
kind of assholes to their fans like
there are people who are like I have to
sit here and do signings and there were
models that literally didn't want to
touch or hug their fans like they would
hug them and then look at me afterwards
and got it and it's like dude you're a
fucking stupid bitch you wouldn't be
anything if it wasn't for them and
they're not you're not better than them
just because you know you happen to like
win the genetic lottery or only care
about your appearance over the fuck
you're doing that clearly makes it makes
it seem like you're a vapid vain person
because you don't like this person who
supports you and who likes you just
because you know of the way they look
like put the fuck it's just actually
stupid to me and a lot of models are
like that and a lot of people in
starcraft league etc are like that and
they're like i'm sick of it uh so
annoying the community peeler and like a
student like i'll be hanging out with
someone at a convention and they'll come
up and be like oh hey I love your stuff
to the guy I'm hanging out with who's
also popular and he'll be like oh yeah
dudu faked his fuck and then when the
guy leaves ill talk shit behind his back
what the fuck is wrong with you why is
it that you got lucky and now you're
able to shit on people who are just
trying to be like you or who are just
trying to be successful like you you're
not better than anyone else you're not
special you should fucking the only
reason you exist is because of them you
should fucking be giving them your left
nut or something and that's how I feel
and that's why I love giving hugs to
fans because I feel like I know you guys
just like you guys pretty much know me
from everything that I say because I'm
so transparent I'm so honest and I guess
maybe if I was creating content just
trying to like please as many people as
possible like most
10 creators are where they're just like
lying and they're fake and you know they
do a certain thing like they sell out
like Oh fallouts coming out I've never
played fallout before but you know we're
gonna fuckin play follow because it's
new oh this is coming out fucking black
ops 3 is coming out I love black ops cuz
it's new and everyone's hyped about it
like I'm so not like that i fucking hate
for some person shooters and i want to
play fallout but I've never played the
Fallout series before so I'm not as
hyped about it but I'm gonna do it but
it's not going to be the same week that
it comes out because it's not my fucking
favorite franchise now when fucking the
remake of Final Fantasy 7 comes out I'm
getting that the week of and that's
going to be one of the things that I do
you know right away because I actually
love that shit and because I'm genuine
my fans who are genuinely liking the
things that I genuinely like are more
friends than they are just people
supporting my cause you know hopefully
that all makes sense and hopefully it
wasn't too rambling and to like
incoherent and just little bit of live
but I'm feeling a little bit sick and
stuff and I have to go to a magic
tournament tomorrow so I'm hoping that I
feel better if you guys haven't seen I'm
getting really close to my mic ran out
so it's probably gonna make noise but
anyway if you guys haven't seen my
friday night male video you should
because i got this and what the god fuck
right it's fucking awesome you guys send
me the most hilarious and amazing gifts
and you guys know me and I feel like I
know you if you you know agree or have
something to say or we have a
conversation in the comments and I
respect you for giving your opinion I
respect you for supporting me and I
respect you for having your own
endeavors and you know trying to make
your own youtube channel or your own
stream or whatever and that you guys
love gaming just as much as I do and you
love talking philosophy or whatever the
fuck else and that you guys are okay
with your sexuality so you're watching
me and you're like my tits all of these
things I appreciate you appreciating my
work and that makes you closer to me and
then any of those random people who are
faking like they you know don't know who
I am they don't care or you know I'm not
going to support your content like fuck
you guys you know my real friends are
the people who are watching me right now
behind my lens and I will be eternally
grateful to you guys forever like
fucking amazing guys I love you so much
thank you seriously let's do a virtual
hug right now yay virtual hug
huh fucking shit man all right guys like
the video subscribe to the channel and
check in the description please give a
follow or subscribe or whatever to my my
other youtube channel youtube.com slash
tear backup games and fucking thank you
like everywhere every walk of life you
guys are just fucking amazing I don't
know I'm delirious now but thank you
seriously
