I make a hot fucking Deadpool so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want what's up guys
day two's vlog is a little bit short so
here I am on the very last day as my
birthday week off showing you everything
and the J got me it was really cute
because at night right before bed he
would give me one of the presents that
he got me and today I'm gonna show you
everything that he personally got me so
on the first night I don't know I'm not
probably gonna remember which night is
which but on the first night he gave me
Milo's book dangerous which is pretty
cool on the second night I think it was
the second night he got me a ton like he
got me to waste holsters for concealed
carry and two leg holsters for concealed
carry I'm not sure which one of these if
any I'll ever use because I don't really
like after taking the CCW course
yesterday I don't really like soft
holsters but I'm thinking about the one
with the corset leg like this is a you
put it on the leg holster and it corsets
you up which is really cool this one was
a little bit loose on me and since I
plan on losing even more weight this is
probably not really a viable one unless
I actually wear it on my hips because it
doesn't work on my waist and the other
ones am I just used for a photo shoot or
something
it's really sweet that he would get me
stuff like that because he hasn't really
been that into the whole gun thing the
next night I think it was the next night
he got me pink floyd's the story of wish
you were here wish you were here one of
my favorite albums a great song as well
and I've never seen this one I have Pink
Floyd's the wall it's one of my favorite
like rock operas ever but I haven't seen
this one I think it's really cool
especially because I'm thinking about
getting a tattoo of the wish you were
here album cover with the one person on
fire another person like shaking the
dude's hands and stuff and Pink Floyd as
you guys know my favorite band so this
is probably one of my favorites the next
night I got Cartman Cartman is so cute I
love it is this the stick of truth or is
this just his magic wand this is
actually a lot bigger than I thought it
would be or a lot bigger than usually
figures are so this is gonna be great
for behind my gaming channel setup but I
absolutely adore it and I think it's
really cute so this is probably like my
second favorite present that he got me
he's been really great lately at being
inventive at giving me presents
he doesn't like buy off of my wish list
or just buy me stuffed animals or things
that he knows that I like but wouldn't
be like super personal and things that
he came up with the next thing we got is
brain
this is a ben shapiro book so it kind of
goes along with the milo book I like
both Milo and Ben Shapiro don't always
agree with them but I also collect books
of people that I like Abidjan Cleese
book I have mine Kampf and stuff like
that not that I like Hitler but I just
like to learn how people think and I
like to read books and stuff when I have
the time and I also like to collect
books and manga and stuff like that and
the last one I'm actually wearing one of
these shirts but you got me a hashtag
Chloe is always right Chloe from life is
strange because he knows I like Chloe
and then one of the shirts that Chloe
wears but in pink which is really cool
also nipples if you're watching this J
thank you for getting me really cool
gifts I like all of them and I like my
nipples okay
now to shower because I look like
fucking shit hey guys today I'm going to
the gym I'm not dressed for the gym I'm
just gonna like sit on the bike and like
listen to videos or something but I'm
coming along today for J's leg day
because I want to go to the Woodsman
shop whatever sportsman SHOP NOW
Woodsman I was just talking to Jo
something like that but anyway there's a
sportsman shop right next to the gym and
I'm gonna go there and see if I can find
some cute pink earphones for gun range
and stuff and then after that I have to
go drop off all of my prints for patreon
for the last two months and I'm gonna
pick up my birthday packages for this
week's FM I'm really excited I feel like
there's gonna be a lot of really cool
stuff you guys are fucking amazing
you're great at spoiling man
worthy but yeah that's about it I bought
this Pink Floyd sweater which is so cute
people are gonna accuse me of cutting
the hole so that there's cleavage but it
actually came like that from forever 21
so yeah I'm glad I went to check that
out it's sad though that I made it there
after their whole like Nintendo section
was gone
they said it sold out pretty quickly
which is interesting that this
generation still wants to wear silly
video game stuff from things that they
never even played probably because
nobody plays this NES or the NES these
days like I saw a meme recently that was
like funny like blowing on cartridges
thing and it was all like non cartridges
that I played with when I was a kid it's
like oh you blow on the 3ds cartridge
like what the fuck who does that anyway
I digress let's go
so here at Sportsman's Warehouse which I
did not think would be so all the
hunting oriented yeah look is this bucks
it's pretty interesting I'm just here
for ear where can I even get it you're
we're here is it gonna be like you're
not killing things I know no big I want
to stuff Eve after she dies I don't know
why that's illegal well we can do all of
this stuff yeah that's a real Elka
that's why that's why they shoot them oh
that's where they shoot them in that
area because it's outlined for you by
Nature well they're definitely gonna
have what I want here because they have
like really cute girly shit for guns and
stuff but huh look at look at look at
the cat we've got like a cougar I'm
gonna switch over to first-person mode
yeah this is like I've entered into
redneck fucking territory here that's
really cool across
okay are we allowed to use this for
stuff other than hunting like this
alright where's the stuff that I want oh
look kids murdering of animals section
whoa these animals are so fucking
beautiful
this place has fucked enough fucking
options but still I think this is what I
want what's this why do I don't I don't
want shooting I don't want tinted though
I don't think yeah I know
so I have a dilemma well they say
tension is for indoor and outdoor oh
these are cute why don't they have just
the fucking most cool - I like the
headset though I feel
damn dude Oh are these not for children
but they're like light pink oh this is
youth and woman's okay all right hold it
up for the camera I'm getting these two
things because it looks cute and awesome
all right you want to go actually look
at the stuff look it's a full Turkey
this place isn't the same like it's way
more this type of stuff than like dicks
this one's crazy
well they had bullets and stuff so I
have to show my
1,000 bucks I just know my
criminal record or lack thereof and you
had known to show anything well they do
a background check and ID to show a
license to carry or like no they do a
background check
yeah we're a target because I don't know
what happened the cleaning ladies came
and now I don't have a top to my garbage
can or a fucking airbrush so we actually
go get a hairbrush because I have a
brush my hair in a while and I'm trying
to take good fucking care of it so they
came I came alone with my hairbrush and
I have to get a new one it's windy it's
always windy in the valley got it you
want to use this for a beard you
detangle no no stupid as hell or you
think all your pictures
no no no they are not beard look at this
wet brush all right let's go all right
time to pick up my packages I'm excited
100th FM and my birthday and I'm how
crazy is that J that's fucking crazy
dude I can't believe 100 landed on my
birthday my birthday landed on a Friday
it's like fucking serendipity times 12 I
fixed it 9/11 was an inside joke we've
got a lot of stuff Jay knocked over my
stuff there's stuff in these bags you
guys are amazing I love you so much and
Jay it's bad at his job
there's a big box
I don't know this will fit in the back
look at how many fucking packages I'm
about to record F and I'm for the week
you guys are fucking awesome I can't
overstate it enough there's more than
you can even see because there's like
little ones behind the things let's get
the show on the road I just finished
unboxing everything you guys oh my god
you've outdone yourselves for sure thank
you so much I cannot say it enough just
thank you look at this fucking shirt
though like my titties though like what
the fuck
thank you this is the best birthday and
it's because of you guys it's largely
because of you guys onward to more
birthday enjoyment I make a hot fucking
Deadpool I wonder where the Eve is could
she be in the box under all the other
boxes could she be there no way that's
not her it's gotta be a random tail no
it's not is e yeah weirdo
you's a weirdo mm-hmm so cute though
what's she doing baby how did you get up
there you crazy
thank you I was looking for that
