hey guys welcome to the fright net mail
on Saturday birthday edition my birthday
just passed and I have to tell you a
little story about going to the post
office so I figured that a couple people
had heard that it was my birthday except
those two photos and stuff so I thought
I'd have a couple more boxes this F&M I
get to the post office I look in my p.o
box which is pretty small and there's no
notifications that I have boxes held for
me so I'm like zero packages for this
afternoon that doesn't make any sense so
I go into the front counter and I'm like
I should have a bunch of packages where
are they he goes to the back it takes
him over 15 minutes and he comes out
with like trays upon trays of fucking
boxes I'm an only child and I've
literally never been this spoiled on my
birthday and I'm fucking to serve you
guys you're so fucking amazing
so before I get into opening any of
these thank you so much and remember
it's totally fine if you don't have
money to get me anything I've been
making posts about if you want to get me
something for my birthday just subscribe
to my gaming channel and here too and
give a couple my gaming videos a chance
that's all I wanted also I'm wearing my
birthday girl hat that Jay got me it's
so cute isn't it alright without further
ado let's get to opening these
motherfucking boxes because I don't want
to make this an hour-long video first
thing we're gonna open is this envelope
from spellcaster Steve I bet this is
gonna be some kind of magic card or card
in general because of the shape of the
envelope look at some magic rares that's
pretty cool thanks lantern Scout gold
drawers overseer and two guys revenge
that's awesome thank you spell caster
Steve next we have this little guy which
appears to be empty but I know better
than to think things are empty when they
feel empty got my trusty box cutter to
open this right up we've got a bag this
is body candy and I love nerds
bellybutton ring oh yeah let's put this
thing on right now this is from I add
thank you I got this is awesome it's
pink
it says I love nerds and it's dangling
perfect this is the best thing ever
thank you I've been wanting that for a
long time I have a bunch of generic the
bellybutton rings for modeling but this
one feels more taraf maybe you'll see it
in an upcoming fan service Friday fuck
yeah
next we've got this package open it up
Donkey Kong clothing I'm so wearing this
with my retro stream Donkey Kong sure
while playing Donkey Kong too bad
Dixie's not on here it doesn't say you
got it for me but thank you so much
let's put it on don't mind if I do
oh that's fit so fucking great I'm
loving these intended shirts that I've
been getting lately that actually fit my
body will thank you so much
next we've got this walk who do you be
oh should we just like go ahead and put
some on even though I already have the
blush on for the day and I don't have
any brushes with me
oh yeah pretty pink color I'm a prettier
now no you probably just can't tell if
you're a guy
guys never buy any makeup this is
awesome and this is from iaat again
thank you I odd you're fucking sick yeah
by the way guys I'm a little sick so if
I sound easily I'm sorry but I could not
put off this video any longer it felt
like an injustice that it didn't come
out on Friday all right we've got this
could be a book could be a video game
completely you don't know I don't know
let's open it up a gift for you from me
Zales
I love me Vegas oh my god I've been
wanting to read this since everyone
recommended it to me this is fucking
awesome I actually just put this on my
wish list after you got it for me you
like read my mind man thank you me sales
awesome shy ken kaneki is thrilled to go
out on that date with a beautiful Riza
but it turns out that she's only
interested in his body and eating it
that is we've got a manila envelope
ladies and gentlemen let's open it holy
shit this is fucking sexy this is from
rubber tongue I'm so glad he got it for
me let's try to put this on without
ruining everything maybe we take off the
Hat I really enjoy the Hat though and
I'm glad Jay got it for me and I didn't
get to go anywhere on my birthday to
wear it so well one tenth of this video
was good enough right I'm sure we had I
love you I have to move the camera
probably also what is this I love it
Roberto I am your master I've been
watching a lot because Jay got me the
whole server I don't know if I should
keep this on like open packages let's do
it for a while I mean why not this is
fucking sexy right I just don't know if
you guys can hear me well
test test can you hear me thank you
every time I open this down Supreme
housewares what could this possibly be
oh my god I have a new thing too where
it's like it's like a beanie that makes
you look like a fucking Viking with a
beard hold on
I must put this on am I still sexy I
think I'm still sexy mm-hmm I would be
so proud of my beard if I was a man I
would cultivate my beard shit if I had
to I would put fucking fertilizer and my
beard doesn't fit my lips in here used
to be bigger yeah don't hate on my woman
beard okay we have to keep this on while
I open boxes by the way whoever bought
me this
you are fucking awesome next we have
something from Joseph Michaels ah my
concept producer buddy is fucking
awesome
happy birthday Tara from Joseph sherry
and Dawn because they're fucking awesome
let's see what the card says oh this
card is so cheap Oh Tara sorry it's not
a birthday card we couldn't find the
extra ones we have hope you enjoy your
gifts and have an awesome birthday as
well don't forget my birthday is next
month on December 15th Hinton's mom and
dad send their love happy birthday Tara
let's open this up a little picture of
my boyfriend Captain America that's cute
we've gotta keep a strip and watchdogs
on ps4 now I finally get to play
watchdogs and I finally get to make Jay
Playa keep a strip if you haven't
watched my keep a strip let's play you
should do that on the gaming channel in
this game you basically have to strip
people because they're vampires and you
want to kill them with sunlight it's
weird but it's awesome Japanese and
hopefully this isn't as bad as everyone
says it is because I've been waiting for
it for a long time
Thank You Joseph and Friends you are
fucking awesome as always all right
we've got this motherfucker let's open
it without ruining anything is by far my
favorite Street Fighter character and
I've wanted this since I saw it on
Amazon me now you're fucking awesome I
know with me down when I thought I knew
it thank you miss ale this is fucking
awesome we've got a box
let's open it yeah I'll open this box
now and you know what that was supposed
to be inside is an Amazon gift box which
I like because it tells me who the fuck
sent it to me who's been Roberto
there you know it's kinky this is most
certainly the Slipknot mask yeah oh yeah
we're gonna have to put this on at least
for a little bit this is Chris's mask it
was getting very hot having a beard
anyway to make sure my nose is not
dilapidated haha flip knots one of my
favourite bands so this is fucking
amazing
I just wish you're gonna fit my head
better because this is obviously for a
man and I'm not a man so I don't have a
man head we've got a package let's open
it all right those socks had three
Amazon gift packages and it's let's see
you what the fuck it is and what it's
wrong now I wonder what you would carry
in it a case or blue this is a
Victoria's Secret makeup bag I wanted
what I'll carry in it makeup you pervert
this one you don't like fit my dildos
thank you yeah yeah we're gonna start
cutting makeup again I don't usually and
which is clearly a fucking game or
something having fun on your birthday by
killing other households other assholes
are you assigned that either you or I or
an apple I played our tears Vaughn and I
never played Darksiders 2 so this is the
best way to fucking enjoy this game I'm
100% sure I'm mature 17 plus this
fucking series is amazing if you have
not played the dark Sider series you
have to do it happy birthday crazy girl
so this is a mixed mask and I love Mick
because he's fucking full of shit
which makes him incredibly scary alright
let's put this shit on does it even look
like mix masks on me I can't tell I'm
assuming I look super creepy which is
what I'm going for so that's good thank
you ok this is fucking awesome all of
your gifts 100% on point hello LMT well
this gift provide you with eagle vision
oh my god this is from Robert oh by the
way he calls me LMT gun urns oh yeah
I've been asking for these because you
know my eyes get all red and shit
because I always been looking into
bright lights when I'm streaming playing
video games vagina making videos having
sex with your mom you know what I kind
of think oh yeah these are the the
yellow and purple ones so I'm gonna put
these on my face is like sweating
I've had a pair of Gunners before but I
left them in Chiron hat and then the
other pair at Jay sat on so I'm happy to
have another pair again I think they
look super awesome on me don't they
thank you and already my eyes feel
soothed even though I'm knocking out a
computer screen but it really super
bright lights another box surprise
surprise
it's my tactical knife that I wanted no
way I'm all sorts of ways to protect
myself and this one can protect me and
look fucking awesome and help me out
with things pink this is actually
heavier duty than I thought it would be
look at this thing it's fucking awesome
so nice I think we should use this to
open packages for the rest of the video
just because it's fucking sick is shit I
will see you next video box cutter I
know everyone in the comments is gonna
be like stop day right now that's
dangerous fuck you I know what I'm doing
alright this box is heavy as god suck so
we're gonna just you know open that up
with my trusty tactical my it's so
tactical this is actually worse for
opening boxes and I thought it would be
better for like you know opening people
haha hunters beware I am a hunter of
hunters oh my god what the hell is this
it's so heavy I can't even imagine are
you fucking kidding me eight and a half
inch girth twelve massive inches oh my
god now this is like below average size
for a black penis right I'm assuming the
black dudes are a little bit bigger than
this this is maybe like the average
maybe for a black penis ow
needless to say well maybe I do need to
say it because some people on the
internet but needless to say this does
not fit into my vagina I wouldn't even
try and if I did try it wouldn't work it
would take a lot of Lube and like a week
of just stretching and stretching for
this to fit but
birthday present ever because hilarious
I want to put it in the back of like
every one of my videos
hahahahaha holy fucking shit who the
fuck sent me this penis it doesn't say
thank you for sending me my first black
penis now I have something to hold my
mic stand from tipping over we've got a
big long box I don't have a big long box
this is a big long box shut up you don't
know what I'm talking about making
things up about my pussy oh yeah it's
the curling iron I wanted hi Tara hope
you enjoy or want this either way enjoy
lost ones thank you this is fucking sick
I've been wanting this for a while
thank you lost ones I've been wanting
this for a while not because it looks
like a dildo but because nothing else
seems to curl my hair and this is
supposed to do it better bones I don't
burn myself
curly pops it's like a lollipop doesn't
taste like a lollipop it's a piccolo
PopCap figure yes course it's me Zell hi
Tara enjoy your gift those are some of
the gifts I'm getting you for your
birthday
thank you me this is awesome you are
making my fucking birthday so sick
piccolo is my favorite character from
DBZ if you didn't know that you are a
bad friend and I fucking love him so
much and PopCap figures are so fucking
cute ah why am i saying PopCap PopCap is
the company that makes like bookworm and
bejeweled pop figures thank you okay
that it'll pick a little face oh I am
picking old I become irrelevant and DBZ
because I am not saying I still have you
anyway piccolo oh this is getting tiring
holy crap you guys are crazy
I can't say it enough how I don't
deserve everything you guys do for me
like seriously holy fucking shit
I am overwhelmed I thought I don't have
like six boxes make one more box and
usual not like literally 40 fucking
boxes to gift-wrap
boxes for oh man
let's see who they're actually from dear
LMT what would you see in this package a
dildo much much smaller than the black
one I got today I have no idea another
pair of Gunnar I want it two different
ones so I can switch off or maybe Jake
can use a pair because he fucking hates
the lights that I use the stream double
ception Gunnar's no let's take the old
ones off okay so even though these don't
have the yellow frames they're still
supposed to block out the blue light
that hurts your eyes and strains them
when you're playing on the computer so
I'm excited about this dear L&T with
this gift you will hear every attack
coming oh I can't imagine let's open it
up oh my god the pink HyperX cloud to
headset ah I had the HyperX cloud ones
and they broke after a year of use but
they were my favorite headset headphones
and mic to date so I'm really glad that
they now have a pink version this is
looking awesome thank you every tongue
oh this is like one of my favorite gifts
so far I'm giving you so many awesome
things to use for when I'm gaming I'm
gonna be unboxing and reviewing this on
my gaming channel by the way so if you
want to check that out youtube.com slash
Tara Babcock games nudge-nudge wink-wink
intents another books of goodness
another piccolo gift from evil you look
at a little cape this little feet oh
thank you let's put her next to em bison
I used to think these were easy and then
I got a box cutter oh happy birthday
from Germany resolution glue crunch zoom
good cyst burg gute give birch stug de
Burt's tongue I love the anime and I
hope you enjoyed the manga I'm looking
forward to some new pictures that's from
you fun ondrea's highschool DxD
yes people are saying on my last manga
review on my gaming channel by the way
that this is a lot like so I can't play
H which is one that I give a good review
to so I'm excited to see how awesome
this is I've become a devil for a busty
babe when unpopular high schooler is a
has a less than romantic encounter with
his first ever girlfriend the
consequences are
I can't imagine I love Japan Thank You
Andris I wish it wasn't sick this would
be so much more enjoyable I'm actually
like overheating and feeling nauseous
are you fucking kidding me there's
nothing fucking on here what the fuck
Amazon
I'm assuming it's Amazon's fault because
the people who send me things can do no
wrong because they're fucking amazing
maybe his name is blank piece of paper I
school the dumb all you want speaking of
high school something mangas
I'm so glad now that I have a magic
tournament tomorrow so I can read these
things in between rounds thank you blank
piece of paper guy I'm assuming it's
also andreas or mesial or someone but
either way thank you so much I fucking
love manga Oh next we have something
from angel she said she was gonna give
me a birthday present she's like these
Swedish fucking chick in the world I'm
gonna post her Instagram link right here
right now oh go there she's hot
cosplay is chic am girls fucking sexy
shit man read me on the top a little
balloon happy birthday you sexy bitch
she's so fucking hot right I love this
chick check her out seriously she's
fucking sick I am she's amazingly
supportive of my content by giving me
fucking avifauna clothes which I love
more than anything the world it's my
guilty pleasure anyway this is those
icons from Facebook right but it's a
unicorn it's a unicorn cat this is
fucking awesome
cute little sleepy shorts and holster
booby shirt oh yeah I love Hollister
cleavage shirts thank you so much Angela
you're fucking awesome remember check
her out these shorts are so cute
Oh what is this another one what the
hell oh my god did two people really
give me this I feel like I want more
than one of these this one is from
Patrick s oh they love each other
this is fucking sick I actually really
like this now I get out one by my gaming
computer in my room and one here which
one is more mighty too bad you couldn't
get one in like the the blue suit for
like when first player and second player
both pick and bison and then I could
stage it like they're fighting I don't
even feel
that I have to this is awesome the
second gift is just as great as the
first one if not better because now
there's - hi - happy birthday hopefully
an early birthday present for you hope
you enjoy and I mean really really enjoy
from a jtv already you know it's a sex
toy
oh haha this lesbian chick I know turned
me on - we vibe you can use it alone or
you can use it with a partner like while
you're having sex with them you have it
in and that stimulates your clit and
it's fucking awesome very heavy-duty box
these things are actually like over 100
bucks so it makes sense like a little
it's awesome and it comes with a little
thingy so you or your partner can
wirelessly turn it up and down this
massage is the clit and this goes into
your vagina and it also stimulates the
penis if you're having sex awesome Thank
You J TV I will really really enjoy this
all right we've got a like a big-ass box
it's like half open already because I
think they just jammed all of my
packages until like one place the stream
lights I wanted from my mini Christmas
trees and something ten times better
the Assassin's Creed Black Flag fucking
limited edition special edition oh my
fucking god I think this actually was
like a giant
Edward figure in it oh my god I'm so
excited about this definitely gonna be
unboxing this as well on my gaming
channel which makes me the happiest girl
in the world thank you so much oh my god
look at how huge it is that's what she
said it's a gift from Martina
Tara don't read this out loud oops oh
you know exactly what to get me every
single fuckin time I love you
second-to-last box it's really light I
thought was heavy I don't know why you
can't read a box by the way it looks
proverb I assure myself we're still good
these are the many ornaments for my mini
Christmas tree that I got they're like
get tiny little balls for my Christmas
tree I don't usually do the whole
Christmas decorations thing but this
time I saw like a three dollar little
mini fake tree I was like ah that's cute
also we've got a Yoshi's woolly world
amiibo figure which is just a fucking
pink yarn Yoshi which is fucking awesome
now whatever I finally get my wheat you
o have this for my first game which is
definitely gonna be Yoshi's woolly world
Harper sent this gift just for mark
cheetah hi Tara happy birthday thank you
mark to think you're so fucking amazing
look how cute he is he's so cute the
final box is a giant's box and a really
fucked up box because you know fuck you
people who post office it's a service
from mark cheetah hi Tara this is not
your wish list but I know you love
plushies happy birthday oh there's
nothing I love more than someone knowing
what gifts to get me that isn't on my
wish list like it's a fucking Cerberus
oh my god looking at me so cute so soft
- it just government my collection of
fucking squishables because this is a
squishable dog I love it so much you can
make me want to cry you guys are so
fucking good to me I I don't even know
how to express how special you've made
my fucking birthday and everything else
you guys are just the most amazing
people on the fucking planet the people
who support me I am so glad like if
there's any reason why I would do
everything I'm doing with content all
over again it's to meet you guys and
know you guys and just be supported by
such an amazing community of people you
guys are fucking amazing this is more
presents as I've said before than I have
ever done in my entire life I fucking
love you guys mark and everyone else the
fucking mesial just literally everyone
who even thought of getting me a present
or subscribe to either my channels or
support my content every single video
watching them and just like replying in
the comments starting discussions you
guys are all so fucking amazing don't
rage like the video subscribe to the
channel check in the description for
links and please give a subscribe to my
gaming channel youtube.com slash tara
backup games where you're gonna see a
lot of this stuff unboxed and used like
these fallen playing games thank you
guys so your
from the bottom of my heart happy
birthday to me
