hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
sex ed with Tara this week we're gonna
talk about all the different types of
sexualities as well in terms you may not
have heard of from the lgbtq+ community
first of all the LGBTQ community is a
place for people of all sexual
orientations who are fighting for
equality in all walks of life LGBT
stands for lesbian gay bisexual
transgender and beyond
the first sexuality we're gonna cover is
heterosexuality or being straight this
is the standard term for anyone who is
attracted to the opposite sex the
majority of people in the world identify
as heterosexuals so this is the most
common orientation homosexuality is a
sexual attraction of someone of the same
sex a man loves a man or woman loves a
woman basically the term gay is also
used to identify this sexuality it can
apply to men like men as well as women
who like women but lesbianism is more
the term for female the female
attraction asexuality is the complete
disinterest in sex or lack of sexual
attraction to anyone people can be born
this way or they can become this way
through environmental factors or trauma
being bisexual or bi means that you're
either a man or woman who's into both
men and women going against common
misconceptions this doesn't make you
more promiscuous than someone who's
straight or just gay being polysexual is
kind of like bisexual but it's more of a
PC term to combat the idea that there's
only two binary genders it basically
just means that you're attracted to
multiple genders a person who identifies
as polysexual might be interested in
more than one gender but they might not
want to distinguish which and this
person is not necessarily pansexual
which brings me to pansexuality
pansexuals are attracted to all genders
and all sexual orientations this may
also be known as omni sexuality
demisexuality is the term used when
someone can only become sexually
attracted to someone they have a strong
emotional connection with and finally we
have transgender which is not as much as
sexuality as it is a gender distinction
someone who identifies as transgender it
has a strong feeling that they were
assigned the wrong gender anatomically
they may feel so uncomfortable in the
gender that they were assigned at Birth
that they've begun the process to look
dress and even surgically assign
themselves the gender they feel that
they are the distinction between a
transgender and a transsexual person can
be kind of negligible and confusing but
there is one being transgender is more
of the inner feeling of not fitting in
as the gender that you were assigned
whereas being transsexual is more of the
physical transformation so someone who's
transgender might also be a transsexual
but not
necessarily so basically once you've
actually completed your sex change your
transsexual and people who completed the
change might not actually be
transgenders it might just be what they
wanted to do so being transgender is
more of a gender identity than it is the
actual physical transformation hopefully
that makes sense and does the
distinction justice transsexuals and
transgenders of course can be any sexual
orientation gay straight bi whatever by
the way cross dressers are not
necessarily transgender or transsexual
these people may just have a sexual
fetish or do it for work or just for fun
and when speaking of genders there are
many different distinctions people can
refer to themselves as a gender by
gender or even try gender with so many
distinctions that are kind of confusing
at times it's best to just ask the
person what they want to be called what
pronouns they use and be respectful of
that we all have the right to choose
what we do with our bodies and the right
to seek the answer for what we really
are on the inside it's a personal
journey and it only has to do with you
and no one else personally I'm a
bisexual female but I'm not really big
on the lgbtq+ community because I feel
that they're too politically correct
sometimes with that being said I don't
judge anyone that's different than me I
dream of a world where everyone could be
exactly who they are and don't have to
feel like they need to hide or be in the
closet just because the rest of society
doesn't understand them but we're
getting there one step at a time
hopefully this video can kind of help
educate you so we can further that along
alright guys I hope this video and
lightened and entertained you I would
appreciate it if you're comfortable
enough to post in the comments what you
identify as and if you've encountered
any bigotry because of what you are I
love you guys be who you are and don't
be afraid like the video subscribe to
the channel and check out my other sex
ed videos I'll see you guys in two weeks
oh and post in the comments what you
want me to talk about next time because
I'm always looking for new topics keep
fucking whoever the fuck you want
