hey guys today we're gonna talk about
meeting fans but first I have to say
well it's my birthday yeah happy
birthday me mmm that's right I was gonna
entitle this video happy birthday me but
fuck it you know I don't really have any
topics that I could go along with for
birthdays actually you know what fuck it
I'm gonna save the meeting fans topic
for later and I'm gonna talk about my
weekend and my birthday and previous
birthdays and just like what the fuck
let's talk about me and just have a good
time right so if you like the the very
very structured videos you're probably
not gonna like this one also my hair is
fucking crazy I it was like half wet
still and I don't want to blow dried
anymore it's it's bad for such put in
pigtails and they're like sideways ask
pigtails and I don't give a fuck so it's
my birthday I'm 26 now I'm over the hill
according to myself and a lot of people
and like the modeling industry and stuff
like that unless you're counting glamour
and fitness modeling
well glamour modeling kind of but there
are a lot of like women in their 30s who
are very fucking hot and physically fit
and doing great even in their 40s too
and I know a lot of people will start
referring to them as milfs at some point
but still you know I think you can get
older and get sexier with age even as a
woman these days so I'm not dwelling on
it too much and also I'm the most
financially secure and happy well I was
more financially secure my first couple
years of full-time modeling and then
when I got into the gaming that cut into
my income but now I'm back to a really
nice place where I'm actually doing
full-time what I love and being able to
survive in a way that I I'm not not
actually scared month-to-month so that
is an achievement in itself soon I'm
going to be revisiting also the video 30
things I want to do before I die I did
that in like 2013 and now it's almost
2016 so I kind of want to talk about the
things that I actually was able to
accomplish in that time and also give
another 30 things because my lifestyle
is kind of changed and there's some
things I don't want to do anymore and
there's a bunch of new things I want to
do so that's gonna be fun um I'm also
have a youtube brand but since it's my
birthday I decided I was gonna keep
things light and chipper and happy and
positive because I'm kind of pissed off
pissed off at YouTube but I don't really
want to talk about today I don't have
fun today it's my fucking birthday
uh-huh so in that vein I pretty much
have everything I have
wanted so yeah I got Jason things for my
birthday um and I'm not gonna disclose
what that is yet because I'm gonna
surprise him tomorrow and they're not
exactly things that are specifically for
him it's for him and pretty much only
benefits me if that makes sense it's a
kind of thing I've wanted him to do for
a while
nothing nothing crazy sexual but I'll
let you know in a few days and I'm gonna
see if I let me do a video of it too so
it'll be interesting and Jake can get
some on screen camera time on my vlog
channel which is like never happened
maybe like once or twice or something
and you guys are always like who's jam
to CJ so might as well do that
right my birthday's have always been
okay so I'm an only child I grew up an
only child and until like my friend
medel moved in for a couple years and
then Jay moved in to my parents house
for a couple years my mom took in strays
I guess nearing the end of my high
school years because I don't know I had
a friend who has had an abusive
childhood and she became a foster parent
but most of the time I've been very
spoiled and I've had the run of the
house and a lot of attention from both
of my parents and I had a great
upbringing and Christmas and my birthday
and every other holiday has just been a
fest of like hundreds and hundreds of
dollars worth of presents and so yes I
am a very spoiled person and I want to
have a day or a week where I get to do
whatever I want but I'm still like you
know making Jay food and taking care of
business and making videos and stuff so
I'm pretty much doing everything I want
to do in my life I want to relax on my
couch a little bit more and play a few
more video games like some fun co-op
games and I want to do a retro stream
this week and all these things I can
make Jay do because I'm like hey it's my
birthday shut up oh but basically all I
don't like big party as you guys know
I'm not a party person I just kind of
want to go and get something to eat
relax and play video games maybe go out
and watch a movie I don't really like to
go to the theaters so maybe like watch a
movie on Netflix or on Amazon Prime
video or something and basically I just
wanna I want to finish Assassin's Creed
Black Flag and maybe start on Metal Gear
Solid actually playing through the game
and just play some fucking games cuz I
love games
a little bit more limbo because limbo is
a fun game too and I want to find
something co-op the J and I can play
maybe one of the Wii Donkey Kong's or
something and that's all I want to do
for members they don't have a lot of sex
obviously and play video games and chill
and you know go about my day making
videos and streaming so I'm pretty happy
because there's no big thing that I want
like I kind of watch Red Mill but you
know I'll get that eventually and I'm
doing some dentist stuff that I'm also
gonna make a video about but other than
that there's not really much I want and
yeah I don't want a big party I wouldn't
go to one if somebody threw me one well
I would because it would be like oh cool
it threw me a big party but that's not
something that I want to know a lot of
girls models especially well like rent
out a nightclub and have like all of
their hundreds of friends there and they
would dance and drink and you know dress
up and party and I'm not really a party
person and I kind of just like to stay
home and chill so that's pretty much
what I've done before my birthdays other
than maybe shopping for some Abercrombie
or Hollister clothes because that's my
guilty pleasure the thing I do like to
spend a little bit of money on each
season whenever like a new season comes
in they have like the the clearance and
I like go and like just buy out all the
clearance because a lot of the times
I'll wear like an extra smaller a small
and that's not something that ever sells
out or I like I like the weird colored
patterns and stuff and I like make it my
own and I have like my own little sexy
preppy style type thing that is
completely different from the way I
actually act because I like metal music
and I you know I'm very like not a
preppy girl
I guess I'm bubbly I don't know whatever
um what else I gonna talk about this
weekend I went to the SeaTac Wood
seattle-tacoma whatever GP and the only
reason they call it that is because they
opted to have it in Tacoma which is like
an hour away from Seattle and it's like
the inferior place but it's less money
to host it there in the Tacoma
Convention Center is pretty cool so the
GP is a magic tournament Magic the
Gathering I played in the side events I
didn't play in the main event because
the the format was legacy and I don't
play legacy so I decided to place that
events because I do have a standard deck
and I do have a modern deck but I ended
up only playing standard but I wanted to
do is give blood because you get a free
side event a side event if you give
blood and I really want to know my blood
type I don't know why it's just
something that I've always wanted to do
I used to get kind of queasy when I gave
blood but I kind of logic to myself out
of that I'm like it's just in my head
that's fucking stupid and I stopped
doing it and I'm pretty good at stuff
like that I can mind-over-matter type
things sometimes but anyway I played in
a standard event on Saturday and I went
for one so I got a whole box of magic
cards worth of tickets so I got a box
opens that got a bunch of really cool
polls and you know I only paid 25 for
entries so I paid 25 effectively for a
box that's supposed to be over 100 bucks
and I got like a hundred and thirty
bucks worth of cards that are actually
like worth in there I didn't count up
all the shit that isn't worth and then
the next day it was kind of interesting
because I played another standard event
and I was three woman going into the
final round and I was playing a guy who
they paired me down basically so he was
a 2/2 and I was 3-1 and if he wins we
both get two packs each which is awful
but if I win then I get a box and he
gets like a pack or something awful um
so he ended up winning because he was
playing this really annoying deck Hardin
scales deck where any time a creature
gets counters he gets double the
counters and then he's got a bunch of
things that like outlast or give
counters and move counters around so I
just like I couldn't do anything about
it and I'm old too for the third game so
that kind of sucked and we were able to
split the prizes with me him conceding
to me without any collusion issues which
was cool so I got another half a box and
he got a half a box and that was much
better than us getting two packs each
which would have been fucking
atrociously bad right um so we kind of
broke the bank on that and got a bunch
of people or we broke their bank
basically because they were supposed to
give us two packs each but we fucking
played that game oh yeah and that's what
happened to me this weekend and that's
pretty much it and now I'm making a
video and then I'm gonna stream for my
birthday stream but my entire life
birthday and Christmas I've been very
very spoiled and now I'm kind of just
like running out of things to spoil
myself with and it was kind of sad it
feels sad because when I was younger I
used to get super spoiled and be really
excited about the presents that I got
and I would get so many presents and now
I'm getting presents from you guys
though so that's kind of cool and it's
it's more amazing that you guys not
being my parents
care about me enough to you know send me
things of gratitude like you really
enjoy my content and I love the content
that I'm making some really glad there
are other people out there that enjoy it
and yeah I just I just wanted to let you
guys know that I'm really happy and you
guys are part of the reason why also yes
my fanservice video did get taken down
and if you want to see it it's at
patreon.com slash Tara Babcock it is a
free post so you don't have to pay or
anything I want the people who are just
watching my channel but don't can't
afford to like support me in a monetary
way I want them to be able to get the
fanservice too because it's for you guys
if you guys feel any positivity toward
me if you guys watch my videos and smile
or watch my videos and enjoy it then
that's what makes me happy and those are
the people I want to service with fandom
so mmm fandom service fanservice
motherfucker huh and that's pretty much
it I don't know I don't really have much
to say but yeah happy birthday me I
guess I don't know sorry if this is a
bit videos boring I could have just not
posted anything right I could have done
no work cuz my birthday Ian but I'll be
posting things on both channels I'll
have a life is strange video up on my
other channel if you want to check that
out youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games
and all I want for my birthday is for
you guys to continue to watch my videos
and subscribe to my gaming channel which
I just highlighted and it's down in the
description at any point always and it's
pretty easy to find if you're on my
channel it's on the right side so yeah
love you guys
wow thank you ahead of time for all the
birthday wishes and anything you guys do
for me continue watching my content the
support is fucking amazing bye
