hey guys so one of my viewers which I
don't remember the name of because I
wrote it down my phone and my phone
fucking died as you guys know I'm doing
two videos today so if you watch the
previous video you already know about my
whole plight with fucking phone dying
but anyway today we're going to talk
about my price or the the saying that
everyone has a price type of thing or
everyone will sell out for a certain
amount of money the viewer actually gave
me a really specific topic and he was
like maybe you could talk about this in
a video and it was about like a man and
a woman like a couple asking for me to
be their sex slave for a certain amount
of time if I give that if they give me a
million dollars type of thing um and I
just want to talk about my price in
general or the idea that everyone has a
price and everyone will do anything for
a certain amount of money and some
people's threshold for what that would
be is higher or lower depending on the
money and depending on their you know
desperation and all that um for me I
feel like my life is absolutely fucking
perfect and I want for nothing basically
like there are times when I'm like oh
you know if I had a lot of money I would
buy this and that and if I was a
millionaire I would do this in that and
you know i would find things to do with
money and last night on stream up
someone said they have more money than
they know what to do with and I kind of
made fun of that notion because if I
just like inflated my money to a billion
times you know my income would rise and
so would you know the amount of money
that I spend I would always know what to
do with it I could save it I could
invest it i could start another business
on the side i could give to charity i
could start my own nonprofit like there
are a million things i want to do and
that i would do if i had more money but
there's nothing i want for me material
possessions like I feel like for someone
who looks the way that I do I
surprisingly don't give a shit about
money it's like I want to make money and
make a living so that I can survive but
all I want to do is be mildly
comfortable and have that opportunity to
improve and what makes me happy when I
improve on youtube or what makes me
happy when I'm making a little bit more
money off of certain things is that I'm
improving my business and I'm succeeding
and the thing that I love to do and I
feel like everyone in the world
undeniably wants to do something that
they love and make money off of
and it's weird that people kind of shame
me for that and act like I'm some kind
of money-grubbing whore or something
when you know i'm spending all my time
doing something like literally on my
time and I'm making people laugh and I'm
making people think and I'm you know
entertaining people and oh the notion of
me you know wanting to be able to
survive and eat while doing that is just
all it's fucking despicable on some kind
of serious moral flaw when it's not you
know you want to do what you love and
you need to make money to survive to eat
to pay the bills and stuff and there's
nothing wrong with it and there's
nothing morally wrong with that and I
feel like people are looking at it very
differently where they're thinking that
I'm the rich getting richer which is not
the case at all I'm like actually barely
mom I'm doing okay now like it'sit's
been climbing and I've been working
really hard to improve everything so I'm
actually doing okay now and the amount
of pride that I have in just the fact
that I can support myself doing what I
love and that what I did was successful
is like worth so much more than any
amount of money and it makes me feel so
good i'm looking back at pictures like
my plaque for 100k subscribers and the
fact that either of my youtube channels
they make less than 500 a month by a lot
the gaming channel by a lot makes less
than that i can't actually give direct
amounts but I can you know you can just
like extrapolate from what I say and
it's fine and like that doesn't matter
that money amount doesn't matter the
fact that you guys are enjoying my
content or I have more viewers and more
subscribers and more people who are just
like wow you're doing a good job like
that fills my heart with joy and that's
what makes me happy doing what I love
and so like for me I don't feel like I
have a price like if I can understand if
someone was in a situation where they
were completely desperate or they had to
feed their family or whatever I can see
their price price threshold being lower
and that's completely fine and everyone
assumes that if someone's doing
something for money it's because they
are money-grubbing whores who are rich
getting richer and that's not the case
at all a lot of people have to do it to
feed their families a lot of people are
doing it because you know they have to
and that makes / like a fucking feather
that flew in my face because I've got
birds in here or something anyway and
that's like perfectly acceptable and
understandable and a lot of people just
don't put themselves in other people's
shoes and they just like try to assume
that someone is doing a certain way and
that they're trying to trick you into
doing something and that just doesn't
make any sense to me
so if someone said I'll give you a
million dollars to do a porn or I'll
give you a million dollars to have sex
with me I would turn that down because
yeah a million dollars I would you know
by some fun stuff and I would get it
some you know cool things that I like
and you know I would improve some things
but at the same time I would just be
saving a lot of it and giving a lot of
it to charity like a ASPCA or I think
that's the the acronym or whatever the
Association for whatever the fuck is
something that I give money to for
animals and because that's one of the
ones that I've actually vetted and like
I think a lot of charities are shady and
i don't i'm not the best it character or
I'm not the best like at deciding
whether or not they are shady so the
ASPCA is the one that I really enjoy
giving to and that i would do events
foreign stuff and um I just I don't see
a need for more money like it's kind of
funny because my birthday is coming up
in a couple days and i was thinking and
I was like what do I want for my
birthday nothing material really I have
okay I have over 250 games on Steam and
the one thing that I love a lot in this
world is having a lot of games and I
need to catch up on a lot of them I
don't have time to play all the games
that I want to play and like clothes
sure you know what I really want doesn't
it doesn't have a monetary value
attached to it i want you know success
in doing the things that i love i want
myself to be happy I want my family and
Jay to be happy and I want to be
comfortable I want to be able to eat
like all these things are brought in by
money but I don't need more money for it
I'm comfortable I'm fine everything's
okay and as long as things keep going
the way that they are I'll continue to
be okay so i don't really want for
anything and it's it's a fucking amazing
feeling to be able to do that for
yourself but i've also never been a
really material person like you know I i
like to some of the guilty pleasures i
have is i like to buy a bunch of
different games like that i'm like who i
really want to play whatever and i like
to every couple months by like a hundred
two hundred hours with a bad back rami
clothes for whatever season just
happened i'm like oh there's a clearance
sale let's buy 40 things for a hundred
bucks that's fucking awesome that's a
guilty pleasure of mine buddha that went
away and i was still being able to eat
and i was still happy and I still was
able to just sit on
couch and play games like I would be
fine and everything would just be fine
and it doesn't I'm not like wishing for
like 10 new cars in a mansion if I had
enough money for that stuff I would buy
a nice house that I think is cute and
quaint and I would get more rooms to
make videos because that's what I want
to do and I would get you know cool
gamer type things when I was at the fair
I actually saw this like this gaming
chest with over a hundred and sixty
different like super retro arcade games
and it's two player and it comes with a
and it comes with like stools and the
stools and the top of the cabinet can
have your own logo on it now oh my god
it blew my mind imagining having a
terribad cock fucking arcade chest with
like fucking terrible cocks tools and I
was like oh jizz in my face oh my god
it's so fucking good but like I wouldn't
you know suck a guy's dick for that I
would make my own money and I've always
been self sufficient or you know trying
my best to be self-sufficient and you
know have different you know business
ventures when I was a model my first
year I made a fuck ton of money and I
fucking I blew that on something stupid
and then realized that it didn't make me
feel better to buy that thing and then I
ended up not really using it and that
back then when I was like 18 17 18 I
realized that I don't really give a shit
about like material things and I have
very you know inexpensive wants and
needs and I know there are a lot of
people who are less fortunate than me
who would suck a dick for a certain
amount of money because they have to and
that doesn't mean they're materialistic
there are girls out there and guys I'm
sure that are like Oh money car shoes
bags that's just not me like I
understand that as long as i have like j
in my life as long as I have my passions
for doing things I'm cooking happy and
there's nothing else that I need like
there are things that are fun like I
said but there's nothing that i need and
like sure it would be nice to be able to
have a few more you know chill things
out there but I'm not willing to do
anything that is not you know in line
with my moral compass or that
inconveniences me at all for extra money
that's just not something I care about
and when I was modeling it was something
or when I was modeling full time it was
something that
so it was a problem for me like okay so
there was this company that wanted to
fly me out and make me stay with a bunch
of different girls and a bunch of like
horny creepy photographers and they were
like gonna pay me a certain amount and I
turned them down and the guy replied to
me super rudely and was like do you know
what kind of opportunity this is for you
and I'm like yeah but I would have to do
things that I don't want to do that I'm
not comfortable with doing and I fucking
know my self-worth I'm not gonna do it
and like you can get a billion other
fucking dumb shit girls out there that
are just like who also could dick to be
a model like I wanted to do things that
I was comfortable with and like going
out of your comfort zone is good but not
in the way where you feel dirty about
yourself later like I was uncomfortable
with traveling because I'm afraid of
planes and I thought it would be
stressful and I was uncomfortable with
being in front of a camera I did a
couple commercials and I'm uncomfortable
with acting and I'm so glad that I got
out of my comfort zone and you know
stopped having a bunch of fears and like
you know insecurity is I'm glad that I
got over all of it but I would never do
anything that I you know just don't feel
like like that's not me and in the same
vein I would never endorse something on
my channel that just isn't me or that
like would be harmful to others I would
never lie to anyone i'm an open fucking
book because i'm so happy with myself
and there's nothing else that I want and
I don't know like what are you guys is
price like I would do anything if for
things like that aren't money like to
save Jay's life I would do anything like
any degrading shit like there are things
that I would do but it's not for a
monetary amount and especially how
comfortable I am right now like I'm fine
I can pay my bills I have a little bit
extra i'm slowly saving and sure you
know having more money would be nice but
i guess the summation of this video is
just that i am not really a
materialistic person as much as you
might see me as that because of the way
I look it's just that's just how I am
and that's just how I feel and you can
take it at face value or you can post in
the comments that I'm a stupid
materialistic slut that would probably
suck a dick for a dollar and you know
you would be wrong factually but I
understand why you would feel that way
because of the way I look or whatever
but the way I look is not a
representation of how much money I want
to spend on stupid shit it
representation of me wanting the best
body for the one body that I have in
this life and you know me having a hobby
that took years to get to a level of you
know getting toward my version of
physical perfection if other people
think oh she's ugly or whatever I like
what I'm doing with myself and it's a
hobby for me and you know I could do a
lot more things if I had a lot more
money but you know it's not worth it
there's no reason for me to do something
that I don't want to do if that makes
sense hopefully this wasn't too long for
boats and drawn out I hope you guys
understand what I'm saying and post in
the comments what you guys think I know
a lot of people say I'm like I'm like
pretentious sometimes and act like my
way is the right way and I feel like I'm
the most open-minded person ever and I
keep saying that there are people that
have reasons for doing that and you
should put other put yourself in other
people's shoes and I feel like it's just
my confidence in what I'm saying like
I'm confident about my own life but I
have no fucking idea about yours and I
not try to tell you what to do with your
life it's basically just like I'm
telling you how confident I am that I'm
doing what I want in my life and what
I'm doing for my life is correct and I'm
learning along the way from you guys and
getting different perspectives and
definitely I'm open-minded to your ideas
and stuff so hopefully you keep that in
the back of your mind when you watch my
videos all right top right for all of
the links in the little icon thing the I
and the icon player vagina like the
video subscribe to the channel suck a
dick don't suck a dick do whatever the
fuck you want and you know fuck it if
you enjoy what you're doing and you're
getting money for it don't fucking feel
shame don't feel like you owe anyone
anything just keep doing yo shit go
mm-hmm bye guys thanks for watching oh
so dorky
