hey guys today we're gonna talk about my
random turn off so I think I'm gonna
have a part two of this at some point
but I wanted to do a video of turn offs
but I also didn't want to make it like a
comprehensive list I just wanted to make
like things that pop into my head
randomly where I'm like oh and then I
like write it down in my phone my phone
so we're gonna go over everything that I
wrote in here and it's gonna be fucking
fun and remember if any of this applies
to you you know I'm allowed my
preference it doesn't mean I think any
less of you as a human being and um it's
just fun to share so after this you hold
on I've got a package BRB
I'm back had to get my package something
I bought for my birthday I bought myself
it for my birthday but it's not actually
for me more on that later I might
actually make a video of it anyway
um the first thing that turns me off
mustaches now I'm not talking about like
goatees things that like are a mustache
here and then like become something else
or like full beards we've bet also have
a mustache I'm talking about like
detached like all you have on your face
is a mustache I don't know why this is
turn-off to me maybe because it's like
70s porn star and also because my dad
has one so it's like biologically I'm
like no fucking mustaches but it's
something that I just don't like all
other facial hair is fair game as long
as it looks good on you facial hair no
doesn't matter to me the next thing is
non gamers like anyone who says that
gaming is a waste of time or doesn't do
it or isn't interested in it I feel like
you have a totally different like brain
development cycle than me and I just
can't get into it and there's some
people that like try to try to make me
feel bad that I game those people are
just idiots and I don't really have
respect for people who try to say that
something I care about a lot is not
worth my time or not worth somebody's
time or acting like you're better
because you don't waste time on
something like that or that it's for
kids or something is just absolutely
retarded and it's a huge turnoff if you
say something like that poor hygiene is
the obvious one that's the one I always
bring up anytime someone asks what like
the the standard turn offs would be the
next thing is being short as a man if
you're shorter than me it's a no-go for
sure I mean you can be like my lesbian
lover like I talked about in the last
video if you are like short ish but just
tallness is good
super shortness is bad and something
that kind of ties into that is being a
feminine man it doesn't really turn me
on if you're feminine like a lot of
women like a little bit of femininity
because they feel like they can relate
to them more but I'm not a very I kind
of like the fact that my partner is
often opposite of me that's why when I
go for like a woman because I'm bisexual
I would want like a little asian girl or
something that's shy and I can like show
her the ropes and stuff and that's super
hot but I don't really like feminine men
I want to be like manhandled and I want
a manly man and that's something that's
attractive to me the next thing is
overconfidence now this is kind of
obscure because a lot of people say they
don't like overconfidence but I'm fine
arrogance and I'm fine with someone
being cocky or even overconfident but
the certain type of overconfidence that
I don't like is the one where you're
clearly insecure so you just keep like
pushing how good you are at one thing
that you're kind of good at and you can
just see right through the person into
their insecurities and I feel like when
someone is clearly super easily offended
or when someone is just constantly
saying they're the best at something
it's kind of unattractive that
overconfidence because it's clear that
they're just masking some kind of
insecurity and I don't really like that
I want you to be secure in yourself and
love yourself and if you don't do that
you end up being rude to other people
it's kind of like the whole bully
complex like where your dad beats you so
at school you're going and beating other
people because that's all you really
know because you don't have a happy you
know home life and no self-confidence
that kind of thing a lot of people mask
a lack of self-confidence with a lot of
different things and that's something if
I can see right through that that's
unattractive to me the next thing is
thin men when men are really thin like
okay Danny D he's a porn star he's got a
big nightstick and he's British but oh
my god his thinness is like scary like
there's like one woman in porn that
doesn't make him look like you know he's
the woman and that's like Madison IV and
she's like fucking 5 1 or something so
unattractive in the same vein is being
really pale man or woman it's not
something that really is attractive to
me but some women can really pull it off
but I don't think there are many like
when you have like that really perfect
just like porcelain skin and it's not
like see-through and you don't have a
like a fuck ton of like you know you can
see your you know skin veins like when I
really pale I don't really like it
because I don't have the complexion for
it if that makes sense
some girls can pull it off I can't and I
see a lot of people who being super pale
who cannot pull it off and that's just
kind of unattractive to me
manly women that's something that's not
a thing I don't really like that as much
fat on women like a lot of fat on women
or excess fat for me like a lot of
people say fat is kind of feminine
because in history like women will stay
home and nest and they have to put on a
little bit of extra weight to take care
of their families and since they're not
as active they tend to gain weight or
they you know are saving it for
childbearing whatever the fuck or the
winter who fucking knows but I think
that like a man
who's more like a bear is more
attractive to me than a woman who's kind
of chubby I don't really like that kind
of thing and for myself I definitely
strive to be as skinny as possible which
I'm not at my ideal body right now but
I'm working toward it and it's always a
goal for me
stupidity just on a whole nother level
fucking awful and I know that I make sex
very physical because that's what makes
sense but there are some personality
traits that you just can't have that
because I will see through it during my
sex session and it will be disgusting to
mean I'm like wow why the fucked you
have to be really stupid and like I'm
not talking about just dizziness I like
dizziness and a man and a woman it's
cute you know like when they're not
afraid to say stupid shit like that's a
turn-on because they're confident and if
they end up saying something stupid and
we make fun of them and they can take it
then that's like a whole nother level of
confidence like self-deprecating humor
is something that's a big turn-on but it
is a turn-off to be actually stupid like
not knowing vocabulary words when your
mother tongue is English like Josh
terrible opinion hipsters now this is
something I'm sure you guys have noticed
before but there are people who like to
have the opinion opposite of the
mainstream just to have it just to be
interesting and cool and unique and I
find often that these people aren't
actually cool and unique they're just
doing that and at the same time I really
hate yes men like men or women you know
doesn't have is just yes men's like but
yes people some of those them but anyway
um I really hate it when people just
like agree with whoever is the most you
know interesting person in the room are
just like agree all the time with
everything everyone says and that's kind
of obvious when you meet someone like
that where they they have an opinion and
then I say something to the contrary and
then they're like oh yeah I agree and
like people that just don't talk until
they hear an opinion and then they agree
with it that's just like have your own
fucking opinion don't want just like
mirror everything that everyone else
does I want to respect and know the
person within and not just whatever
facade they're putting up for whatever
reason and that's kind of dumb fakeness
in the same vein I don't fucking like
fakeness like you can have all the fake
body parts in the world do whatever the
fuck you want with your body it doesn't
affect me but when you are being fake to
me I can never view you I can't have
like a certain level of respect for you
or view you as a friend because I can
never actually know you and a lot of the
time over niceness are people who are
really nice
are very fake they have like these you
know more malicious opinions or these
more negative opinions that they never
share and that just makes them fake so a
lot of the time niceness and you know
all of the crap that you are expected to
do like pleasantries and like small talk
all that stuff is a huge turnoff to me
if that's all you have to offer because
you know I want to actually get to know
the person if I'm interested in you not
just like here crap that you think would
be the best thing to say
the next thing is smoking now I just
made a video for example box comm which
is an e liquid website that's fucking
amazing you guys should check it out
also in the comments or in the
description you can get 10% off by using
Tara on whatever the fuck you want but
anyway I just fucking hate smoking so
much like it's always it smells
disgusting it kills you it makes you
grade your skin and your teeth and
everything is just awful I can't imagine
like having sex with someone and
enjoying it if they smell like cigarette
smoke or being around people hugging
people like I love talking my fans you
know what's less of a turn-off than like
smelling cigarette smoke when I hug a
fan at like pax or something or III
fucking wait what what's less what's
less gross yeah like body odor bad
hygiene all that stuff I would rather
smell than cigarette smoke it's just
like the fucking worst thing ever like I
feel like if you're still doing it in
this day and age you're killing yourself
for no reason and you just you know
haven't discovered vaping I don't know
the next thing is rap culture I don't
like rap culture most rap music I find
to be very Neanderthal ik I'm not sure
if that's actually a word but I'm gonna
make it work just fuck yeah tera vocab
up in this bitch I just don't like it it
seems it's in and it's not like a from a
feminist perspective like I don't give a
shit if they talk about you know
slapping hoes and shit I just don't like
the whole the whole culture it's not
attractive to me like you know ghetto
guys or gangstas all that stuff's like
mmm
maybe I'm too white to like it I don't
know I just don't like it um
laziness in life now I like it being
lazy I like laying on the couch playing
video games but if you're too lazy to
take care of yourself like if you're
just like a gluttonous pig that has
ambitions in life it's like completely
unattractive I don't you know I don't
surround myself with those kinds of
people
I just doesn't make any sense to me to
be that way and I feel like you you have
one life you have one body you should
treat it with respect and you should do
everything you can possibly do to have
the perfect body the perfect life the
perfect job the perfect days and if
you're just like wasting them away and
not appreciating your life like I just
watched the whole saw series again and I
feel like I would never be someone who
was taken into fucking saws game because
I fucking wholeheartedly appreciate my
fucking life and everything about it I
fucking work out I take care of myself I
have you know I'm working toward my
perfect image I'm working toward my
perfect inner self I learn I educate
myself I talk to other people I have you
know experiences and if you don't have
any will to do that I we're not gonna
mesh that's just it's not gonna work out
and also people like that tend to be
like weaker and you know more out of
shape and you know less healthy and it's
just it's not good man come on those
people smoke you don't get smoker do you
I'm a little bit hyper I had so I
brought it over here but I don't know
where to put it there it is oh good
there okay this I bought at the gym the
other day and it is like it's worse than
trying to swallow whiskey like you
swallow a little bit of it and you're
like oh and it's just like oh my god but
I took this and now I have energy said
well huh yeah so if I seem a little bit
weird or overbearing in this video it's
because I have energy and it's awesome
so yeah don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel check out the
top right corner of the video where you
can get links to other shit it's a
little high icon you go put on the
fucking playlist or on the player the
the video player and yeah I love you
guys thank you for watching and remember
if you follow any of these I mean you're
just not for me I'm allowed to have an
opinion you're allowed to have an
opinion if you don't like you know
really loud annoying blonde girls with
big tits that's perfectly fucking fine
it doesn't affect me because you know
we're probably not gonna meet ever
anyway but if you are my type and we are
each other's type nothing bears me from
you know having sex with a viewer or
whatever a lot of people ask me that
would you ever have sex with a viewers
subscriber would not why the fuck not if
they're hot and
interesting and we mesh I want to hear
what you guys this turn offs are you
guys have random turn off so physical
non-physical whatever the fuck you want
even if it's not logical or it seems
kind of mean post it in the comments I
want to hear from you guys
mwah I love you bye
