hey guys today we're going to talk about
the optimal sex duration at least for me
in my personal opinion I would make this
a sex ed topic but when it's heavily
opinion based and it's just my
preference I usually don't like to do
that because I don't want to like push
my own feelings on people who might be
actually learning about sex and all that
stuff the impressionable minds you know
I'm saying I don't want to fucking be
like hey the best time to have sex is
this amount and if you can't do that or
if you don't like to do that you're
fucking weird so I like to have an open
mind at that shit so we're going to talk
about it here in a regular vlog this
topic was brought up by someone else I'm
not quite sure if I have done this
before
I actually started writing down the
YouTube user names of people who give me
good topics to talk about so that I
could give them a shout-out on each
video and then my phone died while I was
listening to music I was putting on
makeup I was listening to the cold light
or cold I'm not quite sure by cyber Reed
and then it was like in the cold looki
I'm like fucking cock sock dude and then
I had to like finish my makeup without
that music which was said like I fucking
spent only 15 to 20 minutes doing makeup
why in God's the hell green earth vagina
do does it have to fucking die and be a
10 percent when I start makeup right
likes fucking bullshit anyway my optimal
sex duration would be in between 30
minutes and an hour I also like quickies
that are about 15 minutes 10 minutes
even I don't give a shit
honestly I don't really like really long
sex I remember when I was a little bit
younger it was like a known fact that
sting could have sex for like fucking 10
hours in a row or some ridiculous shit
it was some like thing that people said
about sting not the sting as a person
anymore but um I was like why would
anyone want to do that it doesn't make
any sense I don't want to do that I
don't feel like it makes any sense to
want to do that but then over the years
I realized that a lot of women like the
ability of men who can have sex for a
really long time so I guess that might
be um the thing like women more often
than not like to have really long sex
and for me that is really make any sense
and I can only surmise that the reason
that women want this is because it's
very hard for them to come and it's not
for me I
or they like have sex only once in a
while so they want to make it last for
me I want to have sex as much as
possible but I'm also a very busy person
and I don't have that much time
so quickies and more frequent shorter
sex sessions just make more sense to me
it's like just something that's
ingrained in my brain I can come like
very fucking fast especially if it's
been a while or I'm in the mood it's
just like very fucking easy and if I'm
not in the mood I can be put in the mood
pretty easily as well so including
foreplay I would say a half hour is
about a good sex session for me and if I
can do that three times a day I would be
the happiest camper in the world so if I
have time for that that's great if I
have to fucking have sex for two hours
every single time I have sex it's kind
of like oh well I can't fucking pencil
that in until next week and that sucks
and I would have to like take time off
of streaming or something or playing
video games and do less things and trust
me I have had at least three ongoing
relationships where all we did was have
sex in the beginning of our relationship
we didn't talk we didn't get shit done
my life was on hold for a month
it was just fucking sex all the time
long sex short sex just sex back to back
and like that just become something that
you can't maintain and it has to end
soon you know so like I kind of like it
when I get sick of a person or when we
start you know rationing sex because it
takes away from my actual Drive in life
to you know improve my youtube channel
or game a lot and stuff like that so I
really do enjoy relationships like that
because that means I am very physically
attracted to the person and it's an
amazing feeling you have to at least
once experience the the sex binge you
can't keep your hands off of each other
relationships you just got to do it okay
it's really important to do that but in
terms of like a longer-term relationship
or just what you want to do logically it
doesn't make sense to have longer sex
and like men they start chafing and it's
very hard for them to stay erect for a
long time and they get cramps and you
know especially if they're doing all the
work which is a lot of the time the case
especially if the girls really
attractive oftentimes attractive girls
feel like oh I don't have to do anything
so I'm attractive so it's like he's like
worshipping me anyway having sex with me
is like a blessing like that kind of
thing which is definitely not what I
I'm not a starfish it's funny because if
you guys know to Muslim from the
Starcraft community he's like a pro
British Starcraft player he always made
fun of me saying that I was probably a
starfish in bed because of the way I
look or whatever and that was kind of
his theory but yeah I think that um
unless you're practicing tantric sex
which is like a Kama Sutra Indian type
of thing that I might actually research
a little bit more and then do a sex ed
topic about because it's it's a viable
thing and Kama Sutra is like a very
interesting thing and tantric sex can be
you know amazing and especially if you
like apply some kind of like you know
drugs to it so or whatever the fuck is
going on there I'm not quite sure it can
be really fun and it can be really
interesting and teasing someone and not
letting them come and all of these
things you can incorporate into sex or
fun but it's not something that you want
to have every sex session and I don't
want to have my sex sessions be once a
week so that you know I just really want
to have these this two hour sex because
I don't want it to end or I would hate
to be one of those people that can't
come really quickly almost on-demand and
that can have an orgasm through vaginal
penetration like that would really suck
and I would want longer sex and it sucks
that a lot of guys aren't compatible
because a lot of guys are having a hard
time lasting longer and a lot of women
are like you need to last longer
otherwise I'm not going to come and
therefore the end of not enjoying sex in
their sex drive atrophies while men are
like oh one more fucking six oh my god I
just wanna cum on your first guy like
that kind of thing so it's kind of like
an asymmetrical need that men and women
often have biologically that kind of
sucks and I feel like it's just men not
really knowing what to do with the
female anatomy if that makes any sense
like men are like oh I'll just stick it
in was she not coming I mean for me this
is good when a lot of women can't even
come through vaginal penetration alone a
lot of like a lot of women like their
nipples stimulated or to have their
pussy licked first and then they can
climax a lot of women have to be in the
mood and this kind of thing just kind of
rolls off the head of a man who just
knows that if he jerks his penis he
fucking comes eventually so um yeah
that's something that's interesting and
I want to hear in the comments like
especially from you guys do you guys
like longer shorter sex and what is your
gender because a lot of people have
differing opinions on this end
for me I just want to have like lots of
shorter sex sessions that are like
bursty and quickie type and like very
you know like you know I don't like to
make love if that might also add to it
the fact that I'm not really into the
whole making love thing and making a lot
of seems to be like slower more
passionate sex where it's not as much
about the physical it's more about how
everything feels and like I don't really
like to do that I like to keep loving
sex somewhat separate like I don't keep
anything actually separate like if I
love someone I like playing video games
with them more I like you know eating
food or having a conversation with them
more so everything about the whether or
not you love someone ties into
everything else but I feel like sex is
just one of those things like eating or
talking or hanging out where you know
love helps it but it is not about love
and I enjoy sex more when I can like let
loose and just go crazy and not have to
worry about you know like thinking about
loving the person like that doesn't make
me cum you know and I'm sure a lot of
people have a different opinion on that
as well so let me know in the comments
what you think about having long or
short sex what do you think is a perfect
duration of sex and does that change
whether or not you have sex frequently
or whether it's only like once a week
that you get to have sex and how do you
fit sex into your schedule if you have
it frequently or for a long time do you
have to like have a certain mood or is
it something that just happens
spontaneously or is it like seven
o'clock wham bam thank you ma'am type
thing I want to know in the comments
because I feel like I might be a
minority on this one and I definitely
love hearing others opinions don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel and of course look in the
top right of the player I'm learning
that my left is my right but it's
totally going to fuck me up while I'm
driving up a hundred percent sure not
that I Drive that much anymore because
you know I don't like to uhm yeah
there's a bunch of stuff in the top
right corner it's all good shit just
fucking do it just click it or ticket
bitch mmm bye guys
thanks for watching
