hey guys I am super excited to announce
that I have a new partnership for my
vlog channel with sample box
what is sample box you ask well it's
basically a monthly proscription kind of
like loot crate or anything else for a
liquids for ecigs now why would I be
endorsing vaping you might ask well
there's a few reasons but first let me
just tell you this story really quickly
about how this partnership came to pass
so a girl I knew in high school
contacted me and said hey I'm with
sample box would you like to become a
partner with our company and I'm like
well I don't I've never smoked and it
doesn't really seem like the kind of
thing I would do and then I thought
about it a little more and I'm like what
do I hate more than anything in the
world the smell of cigarette smoke
around me the fact that cigarettes are
killing people all the fucking time and
it completely fits with my whole healthy
life mantra when I was younger my
parents actually smoked more than a pack
a day each and I actually really liked
spending time with my mom outside just
chilling and talking while she smoked
but then sometime in the 90s my mom
realized the whole consequences thing
you can die secondhand smoke to your
daughter or that kind of thing and they
fucking just quit cold turkey I really
wish there was something like sample box
out there when they were trying to quit
and I'm really happy that they did
because they're healthier people now
because of it
one thing I hate the most about going to
big magic tournaments or conventions or
anything where there's a lot of people
is that a lot of people who are random I
smell like cigarette smoke there's
nothing I love more than hugging my fans
but when they smell like cigarette smoke
it's like yeah it makes your teeth
yellow it makes you smell bad and it
fucking kills you so they think it's
actually like a really healthy way to
wean off of nicotine and for someone
like me who has an insane oral fixation
maybe it can become a hobby yes you can
get a liquid with no nicotine you might
seem kind of like a hipster if you're
vaping especially if you don't need the
nicotine wean off I said wean off but
sexy girls vaping is actually kind of
hot so in this video I'm gonna be
unboxing my first sample box with my
first a liquid 's and later on the video
I'm going to show you how fucking
amazing the website is like the website
is what really sealed the deal I love
things that are perfected in the system
there is fucking amazing not only is
vaping like a community but it's really
easy to pick the flavors that you like
you can say oh I like menthol I like
apple
I don't like breakfast cereals they have
fucking like every flavor ever and
they're also nice enough to send me the
kit which can get me on my vaping
journey so let's go ahead and unbox that
first trusty box cutter doing all my
dirty work and here it is the sub box
mini starter kit let's unbox this bad
boy one day I have to get like a pink
one so
take that off and then you can open it
like a fucking bull oh yeah just like
that
and on the inside it has instructions
look at that it's actually kind of sexy
isn't it
I'm excited to bait for the first time
alright so the contents are K box mini
subtank mini OCC 0.5 sub-ohm x 1 I have
no idea what any of these things are but
it does have a screwdriver Japanese
cotton sheet USB cable and a manual
which is good and that's what it looks
like it's a super fucking mini
screwdriver which is literally the best
part it has to be because it's fucking
adorable and a bunch of other parts that
I have no idea what to do with until I
read the manual there's like an atomizer
in a mini RBA and air flow base the
chick from the company did say that this
can become an art so I have to put the
cotton inside and it acts as a filter
the atomizer unit is completely
replaceable and designed for a period of
lifespan it's designed for a period of
lifespan that's good and on the inside
there's some apparatus that's fucking
crazy I'm actually gonna have to study
this a little bit before I vape for the
first time so it looks like I'm not
going to be doing it on this video but I
will be unboxing the flavors so for
those of you who are actually seasoned
vapors this shouldn't be too hard for
you guys you shouldn't understand what
is going on and be like haha she's a
noob but I'm really excited to get into
it I actually looked up online if it's
legal to vape upstream by the way it is
so we're opening example box for the
first time my first one and it says on
the front it's like Oh Tara's a tasting
menu it smells so fucking good already
holy shit so what I got electric Daisy
strawberries topped with whipped cream
and brown sugar that sounds fucking
amazing I'm so glad this stuff can't
make me fat fire-crotch which is creamy
strawberry cheesecake that sounds
fucking amazing who do strawberry cream
cheese danish custard like custard
smooth and creamy vanilla custard the
personal assistant sweet and sour fruit
and the walrus strawberry and watermelon
with mint I fucking love mint mint
chocolate types of is my favorite
fucking thing it tells you how much the
box is valued I wish sample box whoever
made that company and that website ran
every other website in the world the
boxes retail value of $72 but you get it
for like fucking less than a dollar a
day which is amazing so it's super cheap
to all but to come from California
different places in California actually
and it is of the highest quality so
let's go ahead and open it even more
they have a little and we open this up
look how fucking sexy this is it
actually looks really fucking sexy here
all of my flavors they come from a bunch
of different
so sample box actually works with a
bunch of different companies that
provide a liquid to them and then they
send it out based on your personal needs
so if you try something and you don't
like it you just mark it on the website
basically it's fucking sick right if you
vape you need to get on this and if
you're a current smoker please switch to
this it smells so much better and it's
so much better for you I love you guys
no need to live as long as possible for
me alright guys let's go to my Batcave
and I'll show you guys how to sign up
how fucking easy it is and how you can
choose your own personal stuff for your
profile it's just the best thing ever
so we're at my computer now and I want
to show you how these sample box.com
website works it is fucking awesome it
is the thing I'm most excited about and
I think all websites should work this
way especially if they're
subscription-based
so the first thing you do is you just
click at the top right join now it's
like the easiest thing in the world and
you can just set up your own fucking
profile and everything is specific to
your needs and tailored to you so you
say I'm a beginner you go next you go oh
I like desserts and these things I don't
like tobacco and then you get to add
other flavors that you don't really like
like if you think it's kind of gross to
have like orange flavored you know vape
liquid or something you go next and then
you can decide what things you do like
desert fruits and menthol I like mint
enos so menthol is a good thing next you
choose how much nicotine you need and if
you just want to like go with your oral
fixation there's also other reasons to
vape like it's for fun its novelty
there's a bunch of different like really
cool intricacies about vaping that I had
no idea about until I started getting
into this community but it's really cool
umm so maybe you don't want any nicotine
or maybe you're you know trying to get
off of the nicotine so you can wean
yourself off and it's it's pretty cool
and you can choose how many bottles you
want if you want eleven six or three
bottles each month so it depends on how
often you use it if you're just you know
new to it and you want three bottles I
go with six bottles because it seems
like a happy medium eleven bottles I
feel like I would just be throwing
things away or something and you can
choose whether or not you want to a
sneak peek at your first product or if
you want it to be a complete surprise
and what's really cool as I showed you
in the unboxing is that your name is at
the top it's a very personalized and it
tells you all of the different flavors
that it's supposed to taste like and
where it's from which is really cool and
then see it says blanks November tasting
menu and it's really cool and then you
can proceed
to check out you make an account and you
pay for your subscription so I actually
want to show you the back end of it real
quick - this is what it looks like when
you're actually a member you can change
anything at any time it doesn't matter
and you can rate your liquids you can
say yes no - what I like about the
October box you can get one a month each
month you can say you know refer a
friend and each three friends you refer
you get a free box it's really cool you
can connect to Facebook and the cool
thing I like about this website also is
that they have a blog like legislation
that's gonna pass on it they have
education tools health studies vaping
stories from the community it's just
like really cool and you get to learn
how to do different things which is
really exciting so I love this website
if you want to sign up go ahead and
don't forget 10% off your order if you
type in Tara for the promo code alright
guys if you're interested in vaping
please check out the description because
in there you'll get 10% off with the
code Tara at sample box com
I can't wait to actually make a video of
me vaping once I figure out the fucking
thing I'm a noob still but I'm a very
excited noob so that counts for
something don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel and make sure
you check out sample box comm you guys
are fucking wonderful info in the top
right corner of the player and I just
fucking love you guys
Oh beep
