hey guys and welcome to a new episode of
Tara Reid's comments aka the best
pornography on the internet that has no
pornographic content today we're gonna
do things a little bit differently I
have a bunch of comments saved to my
phone we're gonna be reading them out
loud I'm going to be giving my early
actions let me know in the comments if
you like it done this way better I kind
of just want to make it more uniform
wear everything that's on the blog
channel is shot in this area let's do it
I should fuck this baby girl you should
but I won't let you listen man in high
school I wanted to cut my foreskin wow
she got really deep really fast Jay
classic never cut your foreskin for
Skinner's unite why cut your foreskin
off it's not going to prevent you from
jacking off there's no way to quote
enjoy porn moderately it is a natural
and destructive sex is for natural
unions between one man and one woman
this chick is the product of many years
of leftist propaganda you are like one
of the worst people if I ever met you I
would literally cut my own head off just
to not listen to you talk you are like
the antithesis of everything that I am
one man and one woman so bigoted against
gays too nice us just a knockoff porn
star you don't know shit shut your ass
hole up and do investigation before you
ramble shit dumbass bitch detective
terror reporting for investigation I
can't wait to investigate so I can open
my asshole again also knock off porn
star what I'm the porn star on the
assembly line that was made in China
second best in the American made stuff
oh my god this fucking Jacob Wasa's guy
literally posting like a fucking hundred
things it's like so ironic because he
hates me yet if he knew anything about
me you would know that this is just a
waste of time and I'm laughing at him
let's read one of his comments you are
the dumbest person and slutever and slut
because you know slots aren't people but
I am a person and also a slot so logic
you should die in your own pussy juice
and then drown and die and suddenly your
pussy explodes you disgusting ugly bitch
and slut oh thank you for the
entertainment I feel like there's no one
in the world this stupid they just
really want to get on Tara Reid's
comments bitch you are the most retarded
blackface was made to sham and make
black people you fucking retarded
fucking kill yourself irony that is
truly disgusting you are a total slut no
one
self-respect no self-awareness or
intelligence like you claim you are
totally delusional Wow a new low for the
female side of our species dumb whore
what got you so mad I've never wanted to
post a comment like this on anyone stuff
that I just didn't like you'd have to be
like personally offended to your core
and have no control over your emotions
to post a comment like this and think
that that's rational enjoyable though
question session why get Vaughn her
youtube say what the fuck you want and
be an ass like say what you have to say
off her comments like a denim who gives
a fuck that you're lame and can't have
fun or see the humor in this parenthesis
space sipping my tea and parenthesis
right you look tan fast 'ok why not
tantastic I feel like tantastic would be
better can't fast excels like you're
either fasting or your tan and fats keep
dissing me god this a mondo guy post
this on every single video of mine I
like country music also do you want to
call me to 10 7 to 10 7 75 someone
please call him for me like everyone
just fucking call him leave him like
dirtiest sex messages ever and then be
like Tara sent you I mean it's free game
when you're posting your fucking phone
number all over the internet for
everyone to see why do not want kids
maintenance just because they might turn
out as retarded you are Fred Durst's
thinks blacks and Hispanics ruin America
well there you have it okay this guy is
fucking retarded look at this simple
logic the bigger she wants the dick the
loser her pussy is if she wants a tinge
dick that means her pussy can take a 10
inch dick and that means her pussy loose
as fuck bra get the girl that thinks 6
inches is big that pussy tight ok I have
a small penis Tara before I say this
don't get pissed but fuck you I've been
in long distance relationships and they
end good each time yeah they ended
that's the point hashtag no long
distance relationships this guy says I
really like getting snow balled by the
partner who sucked my dick i also like
cum and I like giving head two guys as
well as women insert with dicks chicks
with dicks and men gay
I'm sorry it's completely fine if you're
bisexual I just like making fun of
people on this video one hundred percent
LGBT friendly high five for being so
open with your sexuality good can i have
a pic of your boobs golden are says no I
concur this was amazing especially the
part where Cara does not commit suicide
okay in life is strange it's Kate it
doesn't commit suicide are you like
combining Kate with Tara are you saying
I'm suicidal not suicidal ah babcock has
got to be a fake last name it's almost
as funny as lawl vag or peptic um
Babcock is kind of a common last name
like not too common but it's my real
name I can assure you but i will be
going down to the court to change to pet
dick next week birthday present to
myself I would never turn down a job for
a bitch that's simple at its core I
don't know what simpin is but like so if
I give you a job to suck a guy's dick
you wouldn't turn that down for a hot
girl okay my birthday is 10 November wow
what a coincidence my birthday is
November 10 take the same thing but
backwards you must be a European the
best time to fuckin ugly donkey is when
your mother has passed away a terrible
accident went at the same time for other
people are having seizures while naked
in a home they cannot recall that seems
like legit advice and I will leave you
with that don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel and keep
posting stupid shit down in the comments
I love you guys for being so fucking
retarded sometimes it's amazing i also
don't mean any harm by it you guys are
fucking awesome even if you're a weirdo
haters whatever you're watching my
content you're spending time posting
comments so that's good enough for me
high five see you in two weeks with Tara
Reid's comments also check in the top
right for last harry reid's comments and
a bunch of other stuff top right of the
player Oh click it click it bye guys
