hey guys i just wanted to say what's up
and show you my new backpack and i don't
know i wanted to do a vlog today because
I'm like the tannest I've ever been I'm
like a black person right now people are
gonna get mad at me for wearing
blackface like that one guy that teacher
who dressed up like Kanye West I think
that is fucking ridiculous this is gonna
be a rambling vlog by the way so if you
don't like those you should probably
leave now I'm just going to pick one of
the random topics I talked about here
and post it as the the title many way
there was some teacher who was a white
teacher and he went as a Kanye West so
he warpaint to be the color of a black
person and his wife went as a Kim
Kardashian and she kind of already looks
like Kim Kardashian so it was basically
just doing an outfit type thing and
stuffing her butt or something and
people were outraged and he had to
apologize and I think that's absolutely
fucking retarded first full blackface
there's intent behind blackface it's
just your face it's not Halloween it's
not to you know commemorate a person and
to say that I look up to this person
this person is really cool it he was
even holding a sign that says kanye for
president and people were getting
offended at that and i think that's just
literally the stupidest fucking thing in
the world like first of all a lot of
people get offended at words like when i
say oh that bitch I mean like like the
bitch from Gotham or whatever later just
a random random you know fucking thing
that I would say and people are like oh
you said they were a bitch you know that
the only reason that those things are
offensive is because i have a
connotation behind it and an intention
to hurt someone if I'm saying it that
way but I'm not so it doesn't make any
fucking sense also black face is
something completely different and
people are just fucking stupid if I was
like imagine the stupidity of wearing a
costume or doing a cosplay of a fucking
character not of your race and not
changing your color like you're playing
a smurf like oh I'm fucking you know
what suppose her name what the fuck why
can't remember the girl miss miss Smurf
mrs. Papa Smurf you like my ass yeah
like my ass bitch what the fuck is her
name Smurfette mmm get rekt anyway um if
I was fucking cosplaying a Smurfette i'm
cosplaying a Smurfette right now I'm a
girl that's blonde but you
what I need to be a smurf I need blue
fucking skins I think it's actually
fucking stupid that someone will get
offended over that it's basically just
an image to Kanye West someone who likes
Kanye West and like even if they were
like dressing his Kanye West and then
acting like a dumb bitch like he is or
whatever or like doing really bad rap
and music you know to make fun of him
like that's not black face that's just
fuck kanye west face and like I can't
believe people are so sensitive like
really stop censoring things and stop
like teaching people that there are
things that you can't do or say and you
have to watch yourself you have to be
completely fake in society because
anything you do might offend someone
instead teacher fucking kids how to not
be offended at things that people don't
matter say like if people don't matter
they shouldn't be able to affect you and
that's just something that's so logical
and it's so ingrained in me that like if
cycie comments on the internet of people
being mean to me or saying mean things
are saying like oh fucking slut whore
how could that ever offend me it's just
some fucking person on the internet i
don't know that i can't see being a
keyboard warrior behind a fucking screen
so like the fact that almost anything
can offend people is just fucking
imbecilic to me like I can't even
understand why the fuck like we're still
like harping on these things and people
that say oh I can't see color or you
know blah blah blah like they're just a
part of the problem in my opinion
because they're bye-bye like illogically
avoiding it because of course we see
color we like to describe someone we
would be like the black guy with the
blue hat and then you know fucking
whatever the fuck and like it's it's
retarded to act like you don't see color
and that just brings more like problems
because you're being conscious of the
fact that you're trying to be so not
racist so that you are actually in turn
races it's like reverse racism and it
really is like and it's so fucking
stupid to say like oh you know we need
to like focus on these kinds of issues
like yeah racism exists just like
assholes on the internet exists toward
anyone like a male youtuber female
youtuber random person on the internet
like people talking behind people's
backs because they have some
preconceived notion about some person in
school like all that's just going to
happen the better way to deal with that
is to learn how to fucking deal with it
within yourself and not let that shit
bother you i don't like censorship i
want there too
like even if I don't like something I
want it to be allowed to exist because
as long as it's not physically harming
or deterring a person from living their
life and you know the pursuit of
happiness and all that shit like if it's
just some fucking idiot on the internet
you like exercising their freedom of
speech why would that ever be something
that I'm concerned with like you know be
securing yourself be confident in
yourself and learn even if you're not
that people saying random shit about you
should not affect you it's like all that
matters is how you feel about yourself
and all that matters is what you're
doing for yourself and who you actually
are as a person and you know who you
actually are as a person so if someone
says something that is like derogatory
to you or something like about your
character that isn't true you know
whether it's true or not and if it's not
true just fucking ignored who cares
these people don't fucking matter anyway
the only people that matter are yourself
your closest friends unless they fuck
you over because that's definitely
possible you're you know lover or
boyfriend or you know husband or wife
whatever the fuck and your family and
like even if your family fucks you over
like people say you know blood is
thicker than water which is like really
fucking stupid to me like who cares
about the density of this liquid it has
nothing to actually do with the ties
between family and friends in my opinion
the ties that you create in life are
stronger than the ones that you are just
like haphazardly put into because you
were birthed into this family you don't
know if these are good people you don't
know if you love them and your mom
doesn't know she loves you yet it's just
a like paternal feeling that she has so
all that just fucking stupid to me and
people getting offended over things and
then things being censored because of it
is just stupid teacher kid how to
fucking deal with this shit and then we
can all just like live in our own little
happy bubbles and do whatever the fuck
you want have every kind of media like I
hate that I can't find like good hentai
or something or you know really like
raunchy TV like all of these things are
like they're censored just because
someone does not fucking raise their
kids right and that's annoying anyway
we're going to talk about my new magic
bag it's fucking awesome ok so this is a
bottom part like I gotta put my leg up
here this bottom part of folds out and
it's actually meant to be a camera bag
so like it had a bunch of separators for
like camera lenses and my actual camera
and whenever I do take my camera
somewhere would
has not been a thing for a while I can
take it out and put those things in
there and then it's like padded and
shockproof and I can you know save my
camera and my lens but right now it's
got my deck box and my fucking my what
the fuck I'm like so tired I feel like
I've been up for like a billion hours
and tomorrow after do 24 hour stream but
for you guys 24-hour streams already
passed it's probably like tuesday or
something when i'm uploading this video
but anyway um my fucking Matt my play
mat you can't think about anything this
is really cute because this is the thing
that says like my address and phone
number it's actually my p.o box just in
case someone finds it and you know
whatever but its Legos and the thing
pops out and actually stays on there
it's not like all the other ones that
are awful usually I have this this is my
new cup my cup that I'm going to be
bringing to magic for water and its
really cute it's got like it's got like
a fox and a little chicken with nerdy
glasses that's me and then a bear and a
bunny and you can see the Fox now and I
really need to like get this water out
of there so that's kind of gross um and
on the inside here it's got like little
pockets and I have my taser in here and
then in the front I have extra card
sleeves which I am i'm using these right
now I'm i know i am and this is the only
thing i bring for makeup i don't usually
put on makeup moberly i used to bring a
lot of makeup but now i just bring this
it's a little mirror to make sure item
not like bleeding or some shit or like
got some smudged and a hairbrush just in
case I've brushed my hair or whatever
the fuck that's pretty much all I bring
sometimes I bring my contact case for my
circle lenses because occasionally I'll
get irritated after wearing them for a
long time and occasionally I'll bring
lip gloss because why not but I haven't
for awhile in here i'm putting my manga
among gay Mungai I food wars vol 2 in
prison fucking skool vol 1 I haven't
finished this yet but I'm working on it
um and it's kind of a shallow top here
so it fits my manga really perfectly
because down here is you know my deck
box pushed back deck box / camera stuff
and then in the top it's actually a
laptop case so this is also like has its
own shockproof area and I don't have a
good laptop that I bring around anywhere
but if I ever want to put like a trade
binder in there something that's pretty
good it's
cool and then it can double it something
that I bring to a modeling shoot because
often I like to bring my laptop and then
just put all of the proofs all of the
like raw images directly onto the laptop
so I can look at them later but i
thought i would show you guys that and
also talk about my outrage about this
stupid Kanye West shit in racism and
censorship and all that bullshit so I
should probably get going i know i had a
little bit more time look at my fucking
tan its glorious and i'll see you guys
later thanks for watching also check out
the top right corner because there's a
lot of information there there's links
and all that stuff links to my patreon
page my gaming channel which is
youtube.com slash tara babcock games
fucking awesome challenge to check it
out i just played Metal Gear Solid and I
played a Google game and played some
more life is strange it's getting
fucking juicy that game oh my god um
other than that have a great fucking day
I love you guys you're fucking awesome
see you soon
