hey guys i just got done doing my friend
at male video and i got a lot of really
cool stuff so i thought i would wear my
new tank top and my new Pikachu hoodie
is fucking awesome i love this shit I
love fried and I mail it's so much fun
you guys are fucking amazing i just want
to put that out there if you guys don't
watch the friday night mail series you
are fucking amazing for watching any of
my videos in supporting me today we're
going to talk about long-distance
relationships something I've avoided
because for me long distance
relationship help is basically just like
don't have it it's not a good idea in my
opinion and that's because I value the
emotional connection you can get from
being in person with a person and people
say that like oh well absence makes the
heart grow fonder and that's true for
like to an extent i would say like if
you you know go to work and then you're
like missing your wife or husband or
significant other and then you come home
and you see them and it's like oh I'm
filled with Joyce I finally get to see
them and missing them can make something
you know I can make more passion arise
but at the same time spending a lot of
time together in person is very very
very important and I wouldn't trade any
amount of missing or being away from a
person that I really care about just to
you know strengthen my desire for them I
feel like there are other ways to do
that through like sex or spending time
together are getting to know each other
better and to each his own obviously but
I really like to spend as much time as
possible with anyone who I you know feel
a strong physical or emotional
connection to that's just who i am i'm
very clingy i would say but not in a in
a way that's annoying i like to share
everything with the person that I'm with
or people that I trust a lot and if I
really like someone which is very rare i
like to spend a lot of time with them
but um in regards to actually being like
okay for the next over a year i'm not
going to see you or we're going to live
in separate places that just doesn't
make any sense to me i mean first of all
after a while you're going to you know
lose that passion for that person like
you might still love that person like
there are people that i don't see very
often that i consider to be friends or
that used to be lovers that I still love
but it's not like in the front of my
mind it's not like if I can't live
without a person I'm going to make my
situation so that I can fucking be with
that person all the time or I can be in
the proximity of that person a normal
amount of time at least it doesn't make
any sense like I see in in movies or
whatever where people really
fucking love each other so much where
they would do anything for each other
and then a job or some stupid shit takes
them away and I understand that there
are circumstances where you might have
to go on a business trip for like up to
six months or something because you know
like that just makes more sense to you
it happened a lot in it happened a lot
in the office and also Parks and Rec
where one of the people in a
relationship had to go away because it
was a really good opportunity for them
and I understand personal growth and
like living out your dreams and stuff
and like you know you can't let someone
stand in the way of your dreams like if
you get your dream job and it's
somewhere else you got to go right but
if you're really fucking in love with a
person you can't imagine living your
life without them they should move with
you or you should move with them or you
should turn down the job and that's just
my personal opinion I might be kind of a
romantic in that sense but when I find a
person that I really enjoy spending time
with there is nothing better in the
world and having all these amazing you
know opportunities to do things in these
amazing experiences in life are very
very very not important if I can't share
it with that person and so to me it
doesn't make any sense to have long
distance relationships for any amount of
time but I can understand maybe like six
months you got to be away and you know
you're going to be back but like someone
moves away forever it's kind of like
okay that's the end of the relationship
and you think I feel like the best way
to handle that in the way I would handle
that is if it was impossible for me to
move with him my fucking hood just came
off if it was impossible for me to move
with them or impossible for them to stay
or move with me I would just be like
okay you know we're breaking up maybe
one day our stars will align and we are
passable cross again and will fall back
madly into love and you'll always be the
one that got away and the one that I
remember forever and you know I would
move on and I would be able to date
other people and the sexual connection
that you have with someone it needs to
be there it can't not be there you have
a need sexually and a lot of people try
to depreciate that by saying oh you know
sex is just physical it doesn't mean
anything but then on the flip side
they're hypocrites because they say you
can't have sex with anyone else because
it's you know something you only do with
this one person you love and it's based
on love so you can't have it both ways
you either allow them to have sex with
someone else where you're gone to
fulfill that sexual urge or you stay
there and you fulfill that sexual urge
for them as much as possible and it just
doesn't make any sense like I wouldn't
be
the function if I was taken away from
the person that I truly love and all of
the experiences that I have would mean
so much less if you know that person
wasn't there and like I don't think
there's anything in the world that's
worth like any amount of money any
amount of job that would be worth me not
being with that person on a daily basis
and me not being around the people that
I want to be around and like often in
movies or TV shows I'm just like what
the fuck are you doing you're so fucking
stupid why did you leave and they regret
it and it's like dude it's like a lot of
premises of movies would be completely
changed and rectified in there wouldn't
even be a movie or a climax or a you
know a resolution that wouldn't exist in
movies that people were just intelligent
and smart and didn't make mistakes like
a good example of that is horror movies
where a lot of the time you're just
screaming at the TV like why are you
doing that you're so fucking stupid off
and I saw um I think it was a vine
recently where they said if horror
movies were realistic and then it was
some like creepy guy in like the hallway
I'm sure you guys have seen it i'm sure
it's popular because i was seeing it a
lot on facebook when i was scrolling
down but I'm like this is like like
spectre ii figure came down the hall and
like the guy was like but i'm just heard
of beating the shit out of him and his
roommate comes in beats shove him this
girl comes to beat the SH out of him and
that's how a horror movie would usually
and if people were smart and often like
zombies like The Walking Dead zombies
are so fucking slow how are they a
threat to anyone I understand if you're
like walking around no care in the world
you look oh no boat zombies and they
comp like stealthily somehow because it
look good and loud they come up
stealthily somehow and like bite you on
the neck and like all that fucking sucks
sure that's a threat but it's like
something's so slow can't catch you and
be a threat when you're aware of it you
just got to be slightly careful and then
you can just go on with your life and I
understand I don't understand how like
randomly they get surrounded like all of
a sudden there's walking down nobody on
the road all of a sudden surrounded by a
pack of zombies all know I'm dead it's
impossible to get away it just doesn't
make any sense right and there are a lot
of things in movies like that they don't
make any sense and the same goes for
romantic comedies where people have
distance between them so in my opinion I
feel like it's the healthiest
emotionally if you don't want that
person enough or it's impossible in that
circumstance to to go with them
to just kind of be on a tentative leave
from each other like a break or
something where you can see other people
and explore your life because I feel
like if someone so integral to your life
is now gone it's kind of like putting
your life on hold and making you
miserable and restricting you when that
person is not even there to give you the
benefits of their love and their you
know physical companionship and that
just doesn't make any sense to me so for
me I would never embark on a long
distance relationship I would either put
a pin in it until we once again reunite
as passionate lovers or I would you know
just break it off with them or move with
them and those are better options and
they're very very few times in the world
where it matters more to separate than
it does to stay together and make the
relationship work and it makes so much
fucking sense why you break up because
you lose passion when you don't get to
see each other and things get hard and
you know like your schedules get flipped
around and you don't get to have that
intimate like when you need someone you
can't hold them when you're horny you
can't fuck them and it just sucks so for
me my advice is you know to either go
over there and let your passion follow
you you won't regret it trust me if
you're really in love with someone like
better to have loved and lost than to
never have loved it all in my opinion so
if you miss an opportunity because of
someone you love because you are going
out and being a romantic and just you
know following them to the ends of the
earth like literally I don't think
you'll regret it in the long run even if
they turned out to be a scumbag or they
turn out to be not the one like that
experience is definitely worth it and
you know showing that person that you
care that much about them is something
that they will never forget and they
will always be grateful to you for
because it's fucking awesome right to
like move your life around because you
love someone so much and it's not
something that they should feel bad
about like oh I feel so bad because you
know I made you say goodbye to your job
or some kind of opportunity it's a
selfish thing to you don't want to be
without that person they don't want to
be without you and your defaulting
saying you know like what I want to help
you out because I love you and I want to
be with you so it's not really something
that should cause guilts and I know a
lot of people are like oh I turned down
that job for you way back when I can't
believe I did that and they end up
hating the person or resenting the
person for that and that's kind of dumb
too because you made the decision based
on a semi selfish whim where you wanted
to be with that person at that time and
that's your choice and it's always your
choice and you always
a choice you shouldn't blame other
people for your choices so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video also post in the
comments about other topics you'd like
me to go over whether it be sexual or
not I love you know going over any topic
I fucking like topics I like philosophy
I like thinking about things and making
an informed opinion and you know
expanding my mind and having
conversations with you guys in the
comments so do that also check out the
links in the top right with a little eye
icon you can click that get all the
cards there on the links and stuff to
other of vlogs and also check out my
gaming channel I love you guys you're
fucking awesome I'm gonna Pikachu out of
here Oh bye guys
