oh you got it got it Freddie
oh you just put Freddie a face down ass
up but tell you then so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want I'm forcing Jay to play
death road to Canada with me is it fun
no he fucking hates this game just gonna
keep licking yourself
sup guys welcome to my birthday week off
day one today we are going to J you need
the wallet oh my god
literally what everything came out every
no today we're gonna go to fries and
return a few things and then from fries
we're gonna go to Fashion Show Mall
which is a place that my friend told me
that they have at forever 21 they have
like a whole Super Mario section so I'm
really excited to see if that's still
there and then I kinda want to go to
build to bear because they have like a
build-a-bear meows that I want to check
out and then after that I want to go to
a sporting goods store so I can get the
ear and eye protection for my concealed
carry test next week on Wednesday I have
to fix this wallet situation
all right first stop I fucking love this
fries because it actually looks like a
slot machine at night it's not doing her
I know that actually is doing right now
it's actually slotting and there's like
a giant slot machine handle and then on
the front there's like chips like slot
machine quarters you live right oh yeah
I'm live - why do you always have to
fuck with my shit dude you telling me -
I can't really fuck with my shit
okay look at the handle you literally
said why don't you ever just like talk
to my shit so today you've decided that
you're gonna be a real man thought it
was funny to ask if your live a
different you're glad on my blood check
can I have this gigantic quarter he
didn't bring this stuff we're going back
to the car
Jay please please can you get your shit
together look what he's wearing was you
bought three bars is bad red bar barbar
what I'm talking about cellphone service
I'm talking about fucking slot machines
isn't it bad in Sonic no they were
you're playing the Sonic look at this
case whoa knock twice on the ceiling if
you want me bathroom selfie what the
fuck is this bug-a-salt 2.0 more power
less salt uses ordinary table salt pity
the fly this is the silliest thing I've
ever seen for the beach turtle beach
sponsored here I really guys Bluetooth
beanie how it works volume up and down
previous track okay so doesn't have
headphones it just allows you to control
your Bluetooth device or whatever you
sure yeah right
after removing headphones okay yeah it
comes with little headphones what listen
to music and answer calls with the
built-in wireless headphones now where
do the head why doesn't it show you like
what the headphones look like or is it
just in your hat and it's like a speaker
alright this is the final test the
ultimate only test can Jay win ok these
are really cool because if you don't win
in $20 or if you just pay $20 all at
once you can get a toy they're gonna do
it maybe even only in 15 so so you'll
have to get more okay go get $5 more
work we haven't no I did it in a row
what if someone already did five yeah
credits right now so yeah Jay has to get
20 credits or spent $20 let's see if he
can get what if I put in $20
then get one stop you put in $20 you get
one I don't want to put in 20 I just get
one I know that's why you'd put in $1
each time so it says if it does where if
you pay $20 in a row or all at once
without receiving a prize a lot changes
to super strength grab claw and you will
be given unlimited free plays until you
receive a prize what are you saying a
second way $20 worth yes you said you
just proved mileage you get a toy this
is enough you can put in $20 and then it
turns into super clock no yes it I read
it ok in a row or all at once all it
won't lay $20 in a row just a bloody
saying no all right well you're going
for the chicken let's do it
so what am i I get I get $20 or no yeah
I don't I don't want you to put in $20 I
want you put in $1 at a time just go get
20 lures with the coins I guess I'm not
gonna get $20 with the coins okay then
get to $1.00 with a ones
20 once this is gonna be great I don't
understand the problem it says win it or
buy it now why would it say bite in hell
if you can't buy it now barber cuts I
was like a cat giving a haircut to a
little girl and some bitch with a guitar
I forget their names
there's Freddie and then something but I
want the chicken plush I already have
the the big bear one the Freddie one
there's also this one but I don't think
this one is a buy
buy it now or win it yeah I like this
little birdie too but I want the five
nights at Freddy's ones all right we got
the fives
let's do it
you're gonna suck I want the chicken you
got it there's less chickens too
so you gotta try get the chicken don't
you do one right probably hard there's
like five of them all the chickens are
hard
yeah they are that's how it is Jay
alright come on Joe you got this
I can't get your chicken wants you gonna
give me a chicken
why are you getting not a chicken I'm
telling it to chicken that's a bear
that's Freddy there's the chickens are
so hidden away there's one right there
can't you get that chicken I don't think
so
well that was bad did you have 4 more
turns
oh my god I can't believe you're done
with the chickens yeah forget the Blue
Bunny oh my god I'm gonna be so
disappointed no garbage doesn't even
close yes it's like a fucking it's a
scheme you got you gotta Freddie Oh Greg
fun
you just put Freddie a face down ass up
that's all you've been perfect
no because his arm was in the way yeah I
would be mad too if I were you dude
because that was like real bad there we
go that's better
it's so hard like it's ride for you
you're playing the easy game man I got
the foot what you can't get the chicken
on the mayor's on top of it and Freddy's
on top you can't get the chicken I kind
of hope you don't do it so I can see the
super grip and all the shit
come on a chicken and the bear the bear
the lowliest all right well what do you
think is gettable because I feel like
that's still the most good one I can't
get it yeah I don't know maybe you can
disorient the dog or the bunny I would
get the red one here
I'm gonna post this J versus five nights
at freddys stuffed animals full version
full version of failure you're on to
another Freddy you don't think this
Freddy is easier
they look so soft my fourth to try I got
it yeah and then you're like sixth and
now you're just like fucked yeah play
until you win let's go
let's go Jay let's go Jay let's go
Jack you don't remember
well oh my god why can't you just
function like this yeah I mean listen
how is it even cuz I actually grabbed it
damn that was fucking loud says let's
eat which is a good point that's great
yeah I said my victory we are victorious
yay
oh it's bright I got you on camera
singing weren't just now see if it works
it's gonna be good or my titties out
okay felt so great that's cool I approve
it's not bad let's play something good
does it have a volume up and down on the
side can you turn it up while you walk
because I don't fucking matter
you're changing songs we saw and I
realized that last time I went grocery
shopping I didn't get my favorite
ice-cream and I would be remiss if I
didn't have my favorite ice-cream on my
birthday so we're going there to get
that is there cute
fuck is this shit
this is it the best thing in the fucking
universe it's not enough to get to
Nietzsche is to try to Luigi
is it chocolate sleep we've arrived at
the Fashion Show Mall yeah I haven't
been here since like the first time we
came to Vegas it was actually oh no I
was here like just briefly because I
wanted a belly button ring for a photo
shoot and we just like rushed in here
when the doors were like closing yeah it
was like our first time to Vegas we're
eating and Johnny Rockets they actually
serve Boca thank you
you jealous you didn't get up
all right so we're here looking for ear
protection and eye protection for the
shooting range they have pink but it's
for literally one year olds literally
one year old I don't know I'm going to
get this set Youth and women's fuck you
dude this is baby and kids why would you
have a baby at a shooting range man I
want pink wands I'm so sad I don't even
like purple I don't think it black and
purple windproof lighter you know it
looks like the car that's a torch right
this is what he's interested in the bows
and the crossbow was $300 five four
hundred dollars
what is this you'll never use it one
with Arastoo there why would I not use a
give a level or not you're such a
fucking elf
you're a modern elf yeah this is all
this is what ever you want to be an L
right wasn't Daryl no no Daryl is
crossbow this isn't a crossbow oh yeah
that's a gay how many you think you look
at this they're just like stabbing the
shit out of this alright this is the
cutest thing I've ever seen
yeah for sure that's fuck just awful
let's practice our drive you want me to
do it okay what oh that's awful let me
know your strength you can't with your
male privilege also use our equipment
dude if you fucking alright I'm gonna do
it one-handed I have so much respect for
this sport yeah go try to molest
its anti molest huh because the sure
just slips right back
why how come it works for you no no
anti-terror I told you the single best
thing about camping supplies is the mini
sleeping bags in the mini ten samples
oh so fucking cute I can't believe the
manufacturer makes these tiny things
it's like yeah this is exactly what the
tent looks like look you can have a
whole house but here's a tiny version
like I want to get this tent to put
alongside my tent if I did like camping
for Eve that would be so fucking cute oh
man they're cute why you do it
why you doing dinosaur alright we're now
in forever 21 and I found my first mario
item I've been using my beauty blender
for like a year
and I tried a different off-brand one
and it was awful she was so cool
this is too tight on the arms
it's been do a spin wow you look so cool
well there yeah it looks really good
it's weird because I got my arms I think
it's supposed to be like that so that it
actually shows your shape or whatever
Ariana's
fill me
final haul of everything today of course
we've got chica which I looked it up
that's the name forgot about that it's
kind of intuitive I guess I got this
sweater so fucking cute this is like a
girl's size 11 or 12 or something I
don't know we've got Oh laughs and a
little cute baby Dumbo the Mario Kart
jacket a Pink Floyd sweater it's like a
Pink Floyd like a regular like men's
sweater or something it's inside out
right now but it's cut so that it has
cleavage its really cool people are
gonna assume that I did it didn't this
is fucking epic I hope it fits well I
haven't tried it on yet but it's like a
windbreaker that has like all of the
power-ups on the side and Mario on the
front that's some shit the J wanna try
and this is probably my favorite one an
Atari cutoff sweater shirt things but
the shoulders are cut out which is
really cool and we've got even a bed
what do you do baby the USB fuckin be
anything and then I got this because I
needed more beauty blenders I tried a
beauty blender from Ulta that wasn't
some beauty blender brand and I just
didn't like it so this came with four of
them and a little holder for it J I got
some Under Armour stuff which I kind of
showed you in the video and Eva so cute
and mr. so mine are you cute all right
guys see you tomorrow for day two what
is on my face it's Rick and Morty time
finally watching it you guys can't see
it's just a fucking white screen
it's just like our field only instead
feel these disorders awkward
