hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week we're gonna talk
about the most popular fetish in the
world the foot fetish first off we're
gonna go over the many terms that
encompass the fetish of feet foot
fetishism
foot partial ism foot worship and
pedophilia are just a few
everyone who identifies as having a
fetish for feet likes a different part
or aspect of the foot just like the vast
preferences there are in different forms
of sexual desire
some people like a specific shape a high
or low arch a specific size of foot
painted toes unpainted toes the soles
there are many possibilities rather than
just beat some people prefer Footwear
some like women in stilettos while
others like to just masturbate to a good
used running shoe oh and foot jobs are a
thing to women rubbing or jerking off a
man's penis with their feet or men using
it to stimulate the clitoris of a woman
or sometimes people just like watching
pedicures performed you know the
pampering of feet on the other end of
the spectrum we have being immersed in
something dirty kind of like the mud
wrestling of a foot fetishist mud
stomping grapes jelly other types of
food everyone is different it's actually
not so weird to have a foot fetish there
are men and women all over the world
that are aroused to some form of feet or
Footwear even Elvis had a foot fetish
philosophers and scientists all
throughout history have studied why
someone would be so sexually aroused to
such a non-sexual object in this case a
standardly non-sexual body part the foot
freud was one of the people that studied
the interest in the foot and like many
others he found that there's actually
some kind of neural connection to your
genitals and the feet it's actually been
found that some people can ejaculate
just through simulation of the foot
certain pressure points and whatnot the
attraction to feet is formed just like
anything else it's here in your brain
what you're attracted to and what your
personal preferences are are just
hardwired into your brain as a human
being or you can acquire them from your
environment as long as you're not
hurting anyone else there's no shame and
enjoying whatever the fuck you enjoy
whatever you're into balloons feet
what-have-you it may be weird to some
people but it's not wrong and what isn't
weird to some people it's boring to be
normal and it's great to be different
embrace that shit personally I don't
have a thing for feet however I do think
nicely kept feet can be lickable and
suckable it doesn't turn me on as an
isolated body part but it's definitely a
turn-off if you don't keep your fucking
feet nice scat
Hubbs calluses roughness yellow toenails
yeah all fucking disgusting it's rare
that men especially keep their feet nice
but when they do it's super hot and
super sexy so take care of your feet
alright guys don't forget to post in the
comments what you want me to talk about
on next sex ed also do you have a foot
fetish like the video subscribe to the
channel check in the top right for all
the information just click on the little
player icon I thing and keep fucking
with your feet
bye guys
