hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail I'm more excited than
usual because the new guy last time sent
me this fucking box opener and a box
cutter wherever the fuck and I need it
but I'm also really bad at keeping
myself safe from it because I'm like
fucking nip/tuck and shit so we're gonna
use this unsafely and open a bunch of
boxes with these mmm anyway let's get
started this is the first package we
have it's small and it's clearly from
China let's go ahead and just mutilate
it
oh yeah look how easily it just opened
it's so amazing it's much better what is
this oh shit
I know exactly what this is this is a
bunch of fucking bondage rope from
rubber tongue thank you so much rubber
time he has a fetish where he wants me
to tie him up at one point someday and
maybe I'll oblige maybe I'll use this to
tie myself up that would make some hot
pics o-net bondage Tara thanks rubber
tongue next one we have is also from
China it seems that a lot of the things
I like are just from China as most
things are I guess but this is just like
directly from China usually things just
say made in China anyway we're gonna
open this oh my god it's just like
putting in the skins of the easiest
thing oh my god I think it is my Pikachu
hoodie oh my god I've been wanting this
for so long and look on the back it's
got like the Pikachu tail it's so
fucking sick and then on the top if you
put the hood up you look like a cat you
when I was a really young
Pokemon was my most favorite thing in
the whole entire world I played the TCG
I played the early gameboy games even
one of the Japanese ones and like nobody
really knew what Pokemon was when I was
into it and now it's like kind of the
stereotypical thing that a girl nerd
would like and my instincts tell me that
when something is like that I shouldn't
like as much anymore but still Pokemon
holds a place in my heart
original 151 baby alright let's fucking
put this on shall we I think we need to
put this on most definitely because it's
gonna be fucking cute and I hope it fits
me sweaters are often like made for men
or something and they don't fit me it's
like Oh Miriam dude
okay so it's a little loose but it is
tight on my boobs which is a good thing
let's put the hood on and see how cute I
look as a Pikachu pika yeah if I was a
Pokemon I would be like dik-dik but I
guess they say what they're called
that's like if we discovered she's more
like oh that's a baja it's actually kind
of retarded so I guess in theory I would
say Tara Tara or something but I
definitely think I should say dik-dik
look at my tail I love it thank you and
as always these fucking shipments that
come from China don't tell me who they
came from so but thank you nonetheless I
really fucking love this so comfy next
we have something that says song calm
and it says Halloween costume is calm I
can't imagine what this could be
let's find out it's my Nintendo tank top
and yes controllers yeah hmm who's gonna
look so hot now we have to put this on
I'm sad that I have to take this off I
wish I got one thing to wear each video
so I never had to take the one thing
that I got off wow this actually fits
really really well thank you so much I
love this tank top and I don't have any
black clothes because I think black is
kind of too dark for me I'm a very
colorful person but I will definitely
make an exception for things that have
this on them oh yeah
this looks fucking awesome thank you
this is shaping up to be a really
amazing Friday night male next we have
the wizard the Wizards chest that's
where this box is from misty Babcock
let's fucking open it sounds like Missy
like Pokemon like misty it was one of
the cosplay her with ease that's how I
open these boxes now so amazing oh my
god
no fucking way Catwoman mask now I know
this is from rubber tongue oh my god
let's see how this fits holy shit this
is fucking cool I'm fuckin Catwoman bro
and it's actually like tight on my head
every mask I've ever gotten was like not
tight it's like too big but this fucking
fits this is a cool bondage you Catwoman
mask I love it so much
Thank You rubber tongue this is awesome
I think you're gonna derive some
pleasure from seeing me in this maybe
I'll send you some pictures if you're
good okay next we have another fucking
box this one is from Golden Boy well
that's like said you know outlet that
sent it to me I have no idea where
exactly who it's actually from oh yeah
we got more wardrobe tape but as I said
before this is to kind of prevent nip
slips and as I saw in the comments last
time I opened one of these people were
like why the fuck are you sending her
thing is to prevent nip slips we want
nip slips and you know I concur I feel
like a lot of you would want nip slips
but a gift from John hi Tara from your
loser again sorry not the sexiest gift
but I want to buy you what you want and
not what turns me on
enjoy your gift from Johnny be good
thank you John you are fucking awesome
dude
I want things that turn you on I'm a
pleaser man everyone knows that next box
we've gotten Amazon books from Amazon
Fulfillment services
yay fucking fuck you Amazon if you don't
tell me what it is you don't give me any
hints penis Pokey the book where you're
the star oh my god this is amazing every
scene in penis pokey has one thing
missing and you have to complete the
picture are you up to the challenge
unfortunately I don't have a penis but I
do have access to penises should be
pretty fun introducing our star your
dick on a hot dog your dick as a banana
your dick as the Loch Ness monster
Gyarados your dick as this unfortunate
firefighters hose should put your dick
through this and just like pee on people
will be fucking awesome your dick as
your dick got pierced your dick as the
nose of this alien your dick as what
this cowboy's riding and having way too
much fun doing and you're super buff and
you work out and you're supposed to put
your photo there and then you put your
penis there and your penis take
that literally your whole fucking pelvic
region best gift ever dude there's
another thing in this box whoa this is
like a douche an electronic douche
waterworks is an all-natural easy-to-use
feminine cleansing system that was
designed to minimize the risks often
associated with over-the-counter
douching products it neutralizes odors
by using only tap water and a patented
metal grade stainless steel nozzle it
safely and effectively causes a vagina
of excess vaginal discharge eliminates
order and maintains a healthy vaginal pH
level wow this is fucking awesome I
actually do douche once in a while so
this is pretty sick the nice alternative
I love it when my viewers promote a
clean healthy odorless vagina this is
fuckin sick we gotta see you this is
from wow there's no fuckin thing well
either way thank you so much penis in
vagina lover or Tara lover who knows
that I love penis and vagina clean
vagina this is kind of like what the gay
men use the the Dyna douche I wonder if
you can use it in your hands to guess
what guys waterworks does not prevent
pregnancy next box haha this one is from
Christian Book District oh my god I have
no idea what this could possibly be but
it's hilarious what the fuck okay
someone sent me the most Tara Bible
possible I'm actually an atheist so this
is hilarious
I think someone really wants me to find
God and they know that I'm panelized by
pink things shall we read an excerpt
from the Bible how did you know I didn't
have my own personal Bible my son forget
not my law but let thine heart keep my
Commandments for length of days and long
life and peace shall they add to thee
what not mercy and truth for safety bind
them about thy neck right upon them the
table of thine hearts so shalt thou find
favor and good understanding in the
sight of good and man I should do like a
series where I read from the Bible
ironic things thanks this is pretty cool
now I have my own Bible why not write
kind of ironic but fucking cool I know
it was trouble when it said a Christian
book outlet thank you login it looks
like Logan sent me the Bible but God
commandeth his love toward us in that
while we were yet sinners Christ died
for us Romans 5:8 I think that might
actually be like the personal message on
here I'm not sure all right
second-to-last packaged cats woman shall
open this is from frontier hobby shop
diamond dogs oh yeah
this is fucking sick it comes with the
the half-scale replica of snakes bionic
arm collectible steelbook
and additional game content this is
really cool I'll probably do an actual
unboxing on my gaming channel so go
ahead over there and check that out and
subscribe of course if you want to see
me unboxing this and it doesn't have a
little insert but I know that this is
from Gordon I love you so much Gordon I
haven't talked to you in a while but
you're fucking amazing for sending this
to me now I can play some phantom pain
on the couch as soon as I finish ground
zeroes thank you my favourite kind of
presents games oh alright this one's
kind of heavy and this is the last one
last but I am sure not least last mostly
just because it was on the bottom
because it's the heaviest the biggest
alright there's two things in this box
that are both from Mark cheetah thank
you Mark you are fucking amazing you so
much you're such a great guy do it smile
because we're fucking amazing I'm making
you smile all the time okay so this I
think is now finally a shorter mic stand
for my mic so I can actually angle it
properly at my face and get best sound
quality possible um the last one you
sent me was the it was a little too long
in the arm was short at this time it's
actually gonna be short off of the
ground so thank you so much upgrading
quality yes and the next technique sent
me thank you Mark you're fucking awesome
no one ever sends me Magic card it's
crazy
you're the best I love you mark guys as
always I really appreciate these fucking
awesome gifts there's nothing better
than you guys how much support you give
me and how many awesome things you have
for me every other Friday to unbox I
always think I'm not gonna have anything
and then I have like so much that it
fills the trunk of Jay's car and it's
like wow but thank you so much I really
love this fucking mask and everything
else even the body bowl even the fucking
Bible because it's pink and it'll
probably provide me with some hours of
entertainment and maybe some funny
content so let me know in the comments
if you want me to do that sort of thing
also don't forget to post in the
comments what you think anything you
want me to do any topics for any other
of my series like the video subscribe to
the
and check up in the top right for the
little icon that says I if you hover
over the player and you can see all of
my other links and stuff I love you guys
you're fucking amazing fanservice for
you a little bit so now everyone gets
salty you that this isn't a fanservice
Friday day but I love you guys just the
same see you next week or in two weeks
you're fucking amazing guys
