hey guys today I have another sex story
for you and I've decided I'm not going
to go in chronological order because
that would be kind of boring it would be
like me as an adolescent doing
adolescent silly things and then all of
the interesting stuff would be more
toward the end or whatever but I guess
it's not that's not a hundred percent
true anyway today we're going to talk
about one of the two guys that are kind
of sort of in a lime light of some
community and you don't know whether or
not it's like magic or maybe he's a
youtuber or maybe he's an actor or maybe
he was in Starcraft or League of Legends
you don't know and that is the anonymity
of it that I've been struggling with
because a lot of these things there
aren't that many people that you could
think of and a lot of you guys are in
these communities because you like found
out about me through you know whatever
game that I'm playing at the moment and
so if I was to be very descriptive of
everything you guys would know exactly
who I'm talking about even if I don't
use names that were specifics but um
let's just fucking do it so I was at a
convention a couple years ago and there
was this guy that I'd been talking to
played games before and we were pretty
good friends and still to this day he is
one of the few my lighting boxes not
pointing at me anyway um still to this
day he's one of the few people who I've
had sex with and don't really talk to
that much anymore that I really respect
and I consider to be a good friend and
he was a good friend throughout it and
he's one of the most like logical and
intelligent people I've ever met like
one of the most not the most but he gets
a lot of it from the stereotypes that I
derive from him too like I can't really
go into that very much but um he is
German and he was very German and what
the stereotypes that I see of German are
like he's very logical to the point
where he can be illogical sometimes is
very just like rational not very
emotional she's kind of like manly a
little bit and you know it's got the
speaks the English and he speaks the
German which is a hot thing I would
rather actually have them not speak the
English and just speak German but that
wouldn't make any sense it would be
really hard to find someone like that I
would have to like travel to Berlin and
just you know be available for that kind
of thing
I've actually sexed it a little bit with
a German model guy who doesn't speak
like he speaks barely any English and I
try to speak to him in German and it was
pretty hot and he was like oh come to
Germany and I'm like
oh my god I would love to and he's like
super hot but um that's the closest that
you can get to that especially because a
lot of people in Germany just speak
English now especially if they're
working predominantly for a community
that is based in America well a lot of
its based in America um no matter which
game or eSport or movie I might be
talking about so I was at a convention
and I met him for the first time in real
life and I was like hey what's up and we
talked a little bit and he was with his
friend who is also German and um his
friend doted on me the entire weekend
and it was the last night of us being
there that we actually hooked up but
everything leading up to it was kind of
stressful like I had his whatsapp number
and I don't know if it was whatsapp's I
remember whatsapp just being like
instant messaging and it's fine I
haven't used it in a while but I guess
there was like no reception in the
building so every time I would text him
I'm over here or he would text me let's
go hang out or whatever or where are you
like I wouldn't get it until like six
hours later which was extremely annoying
and I don't know if it was because he
didn't live in America at the time or
what but there was that kind of like
issue and I was starting to get antsy
because I'm like I really want to fuck
this guy we got to do it I want to do it
oh my god so we went to this after-party
thing and his friend was there and he
was there and he was spending a lot more
time chatting with a lot of different
people and I was like oh maybe he's not
that interested but he was always like
you know they're just he was also very
social like a social butterfly and he
went to talk to a bunch of different
people and his friend was always there
like on my shoulder just like hanging
out with me and being really sweet
really flirty but he he was German too
but he wasn't my type at all he was like
shorter and I'm not as attractive and I
don't know I just I didn't have a thing
for him so you know as much as he it
seemed like he was trying I felt kind of
bad that I was more interested in his
friend who wasn't you know being as
doting to me maybe that's something I
liked I don't know maybe I liked that he
was like the social butterfly that was
like oh she's of no consequence I would
get to her later type of thing and it
was pretty funny but um so we went at
this party and then it ended up being
something that went back to hotel room
which is pretty common and pretty much
any after-party where the bar is closed
and then a bunch of people have hotel
rooms so we went there and we were
drinking and we were with a bunch of
different friends from that community
we're having a great time and it was
hilarious and everything and I was like
finishing his drinks like it was like
the red plastic cup situation that I
don't really get myself into too often
unless I'm really looking to hook up
with a guy and so I was like finishing
his drink and he was like oh no I'm done
that's it and then people were talking
about going to IHOP they were talking
about you know do it going out and doing
crazy things cuz it was starting to get
morning ish there and so he was like no
no I'm gonna go home I'm like fuck this
is my time now I have to Sam to leave
too but he texted me while he was saying
that and he's like I'm leaving if you
want to join here's my room number and
I'm like oh shit I'm in so like we left
together and then we went there and we
started making out and I was wearing
like okay so the first night I went to
his hotel room I was two nights before
and we were just chatting I totally
forgot about this until just now it's
weird
and we were chatting and he was like
really like kind of what people consider
rude to me but it was more just blunt
and I really respected him for that he
was like you look so much better when
you dressed normal and what he meant by
dressing normal was I was actually like
wearing jeans and a t-shirt rather than
one of those like really short floral
Abercrombie skirts and like a sweater
and it just looks like silly and blond
the way that I dress and that's just how
I like to dress you know I like to wear
you know sexy preppy things basically
and it was like why why did you dye your
hair blonde why do you get this plastic
surgery blah blah blah your boobs are
too big and he was just like criticizing
me but like in a not in a way that's
meant to hurt my feelings it was more
like you know interested in what I was
doing or whatever so flash forward to
back in his hotel room or about to fuck
he's like I'm wearing one of those
stupid skirts and he's like oh just take
this shit off and he got really annoyed
at it so like I take it off and then he
takes my shirt off and then we start
making out we were both really fucking
drunk and he just starts fucking me and
his dick is pretty big and I've talked
about this before he always talks about
how all the girls that he has sex with
his uh his dick doesn't fit cuz it's too
thick or whatever and we were having
that problem too but in my head I was
thinking you didn't put like any Lube on
the condom like what are you doing
that's your problem right there
and so when he finally got it in um it
felt pretty good he was pretty good sex
but it was pretty standard vanilla sex I
would say like I he like what
fuck me on top and he was like
whispering German things in my ear and
that was like the best thing ever I'm
like oh this is so fucking hot oh my god
and then um he would flip me over on top
of him and one of the times that he
flipped me over he almost drops me off
the bed but he like caught me and we
should started laughing hysterically
because we were both like insanely drunk
and so I get on top one of the times and
like he's so like emotionless is very
weird that I hadn't I didn't know that
he had come and so I got off of him and
I start like licking up the shaft and
something I really didn't like about him
was that he doesn't like to get his dick
sucked because he thinks it's it's rude
to the girls or whatever like it's like
one of the things that's just like you
know demeaning to women I'm like no I
really like doing it I promise you it's
not demeaning so I start looking and I
don't like licking with condoms but
whatever cuz it's just stupid and awful
and you know he doesn't seem like
someone who would have any issues and
it's harder to get STDs and stuff but I
did it and then he's like what are you
doing silly come here he pulls me there
and I'm like okay he's come that sucks
and then he just immediately falls
asleep like immediately and I'm like the
fuck and I'm like in this like chokehold
grasp like there so I'm like I want to
go back to my hotel room in the shit but
I couldn't because he like had me in
this chokehold so uh he finally like
turns around or something and I had
woken up because I fell asleep there in
the chokehold and I'm like checking my
phone and Jay had texted me where are
you so I was like I'm gonna go back to
my hotel room and um he's like where are
you going and I'm like I'm gonna go back
to the hotel room he's like no and like
pulls me back to him like fuck oh my god
whatever and I'm thinking like well can
I just leave because like I did what I
wanted to do whatever and then I'm like
I fell asleep again and then a couple
hours later I woke up and I'm like I
really have to go I'm gonna go back now
and he was like whatever and then he
like texts me and our relationship after
that is pretty much just like you know
flirting talking on skype we don't live
in the same state so we don't see each
other as much and he rarely comes to the
US so that kind of sucked and and by
state I meant country obviously so we
just keep like a long distance
relationship and then I get a job to
work a convention that he's working at
as like pretty much the same thing but
doing something different I can't really
go into that much detail about it
it's in China and um I was supposed to
have my own room because I was the only
female and he had a room with someone
that like you know it was like another
guy and I was like why don't you just
come stay in my room and then I end up
not going even though we had this like
whole weekend planned where we were
going to be working together and stuff I
end up not going because my Chinese visa
didn't get through and that kind of
sucked it was like an opportunity that
would've been cool for me but I kind of
stopped wanting to go down that Avenue
quickly after that because of certain
reasons or whatever but we still keep in
touch sometimes and I don't talk to him
as much as I used to but I still really
respect him and you would definitely
like to do it again especially because I
really want to corrupt him like he's so
like vanilla but also like manly and has
a lot of he's not my ideal but he has a
lot of my ideals and that makes me more
interested in corrupting him and like
doing it again and having like a
relationship like that where it happens
more often again so yeah that's one of
my sex stories and I felt like the sex
is kind of fast but I definitely came
because it's really easy for me to come
and when someone's whispering German in
my ears while like plowing me with a
good sized dick it's definitely gonna
work for sure so yeah hopefully that was
anonymous enough I wasn't worried about
the anonymity of people like Casey who
was my first time because he's not in
the limelight anywhere and no one's ever
gonna like first of all all of our
friends already knew and no one's ever
gonna be like haha no ha ha this ruins
your whatever the fuck last time I saw
Casey he was like not doing very well in
life and had some like weird girlfriend
it was weird because I ran up to him and
I like hugged him full force
it was actually at my tanning salon that
I saw him and I was like why is he at my
tanning salon who cares doesn't matter
and I hugged in full force and this was
a couple years ago and he's like um hi
Tara
and then like I realized that like this
fat blob of a person sitting next to him
as his girlfriend I'm like oh fuck that
was like not good I thought it was like
a middle-aged woman just waiting to tan
or waiting for her daughter or something
I didn't think it was his girlfriend so
that was kind of awkward for him and for
her but not for me because I don't
really have that emotion so it was like
just kind of like oh sorry but it was
nice to see him and I'm kind of sad that
he wasn't happier to see me I feel like
the time before where I saw him um
like two years before that even and I
was like eighteen or something and I
went to hang out with him no I was
actually like sixteen or something I
hadn't seen him from like 13 to 16 and
then I saw him and we like kind of
connected again and we were supposed to
talk to each other but we didn't get
each other's number so I never talked to
him again and it just kind of ended like
that but we were flirting so that's the
last time I saw Casey and um yeah I'm
assuming I'm not gonna be hurting his
reputation by stating his first name so
yeah don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel check out the
little icon information in the top right
which will be the left for me and the
viewfinder and check out all the links
there's also a link to my first sex
stories video and let me know how I can
improve these if you want more detail
less detail and if you think it was
sufficient enough like to where you guys
can't just like immediately guess who it
was alright guys thanks for watching bye
