hey guys today we're gonna talk about my
perfect lesbian lover now this is kind
of a weird concept because my perfect
lesbian lover is a guy so we're gonna
just preface it with that so you guys
don't get the wrong idea and you're
sitting here waiting for like some crazy
lesbian story I am bisexual I have had
lesbian encounters especially when I was
younger and I've had a lot of threesomes
where a woman was involved and I feel
like women are so fucking beautiful
they're like amazing to look at but to
me the women that I've found and
especially because they lack the giant
throbbing member of a penis they're just
kind of more like you know you see like
a sex doll or something or maybe like an
anime or manga where someone in there is
just like beautiful and very nice to
look at but obviously if you're having
sex with a sex doll or you're
masturbating to hentai you know that
these things don't exist so actually
fulfilling the act is less enjoyable
because if you just like you're like
this sex doll is like my ideal woman and
then you have sex with it you're like
well this obviously doesn't feel good
because of the logistics and because
it's not a living breathing human being
well that's how I feel about lesbian sex
I I love women and I think they're
amazing additions to heterosexual sex as
like a threesome or something and I
think they're great to play around with
but I don't see the sexual connection
that I have with other women especially
when it's just me and them one on one as
something that is actually like a big
deal like a big passionate deal like
it's more like fun like cute little
girls are having fun type of thing and I
think a lot of people see it this way as
well and I'm not trying to detract from
anyone who actually is a full-on lesbian
and has lesbian relationships I think
that the physical relationship is
lacking just from my personal preference
but I definitely think that the
emotional relationship if you can find
someone that actually meshes with you
can be just as strong as any
heterosexual relationship or any gay man
on man relationship that's perfectly
fine I just feel like the best sex a man
can have is man-on-man and the best sex
a woman can have is man on woman and
it's just like because men have like
this strong animosity of sex drive
toward women and they have like these
giant long like members that are
actually attached to them that are just
like throbbing with passion for this
person so it's kind of hard for me to
believe that you know two women are
having as much fun maybe they're just
not
tract it to men and it's just hard for
me to understand I totally believe that
there are people out there that are
having great lesbian sex and toys
definitely do help but it's just pales
in comparison to a real penis and I
would feel so bad if um if like I had to
if I wasn't attracted to men at all and
I was only attracted to women I would
feel like I'm lacking that penis and I'm
sure a lot of women don't feel that way
just a personal preference so that's a
good preface for this so you guys don't
go like oh she hasn't gotten fuzz beans
I'm definitely for lesbians and
definitely for gays and definitely for
bisexuals as I am one myself and I just
you know have the preference and I
prefer men wholly you know like I like
women as well and I'll play around with
women especially they're super
attractive that think it's like a very
sensual thing to do but anyway my
perfect lesbian partner would be a man
and he would be a man that's not very
manly like I know I talked about how I
don't like short guys I don't like you
know really thin guys or guys that are
kind of women Lee but occasionally if
there's a guy whose face is so adorable
or he acts a certain way that's like a
huge turn-on to me and I feel like if I
had sex to that person it wouldn't feel
like having sex with a guy as much as it
would feel like having sex with a girl
so it would be like my perfect lesbian
encounter because they also have a penis
attached to them like and imagine one of
these super skinny guys that I'm
attracted to because they have a nice
face or a nice personality or they do
something that's really like hot to me
or really edgy to me imagine them having
like a giant penis it would be like the
perfect lesbian experience right like
I've always wanted to have sex with a
chick with a dick it's actually attached
to her like one of those like shemales
is like really hot blonde or asian
shemales there's a lot of hot asian
chick males I think that would be so
erotic because I'm all I'm getting that
like that kind of dichotomy there's a
weird dichotomy with me and women like
when I'm with another woman or when I'm
having a threesome I like to protect the
woman I'm like is everything going okay
with you I feel like I am a good
concierge to women I protect women I
feel like I'm more of a stronger woman
than a lot of other women and I'm more
like level-headed so I protect them
because I feel like they can get hurt
more often I know that's like a terribly
sexist thing to think especially since I
am a woman myself and I can understand
how it can be annoying when people act
like that to me if it
send one of my sexual turn-ons but um I
just I feel like I have a soft spot for
women and I would feel the same way if I
met a guy who wasn't entirely manly and
I was attracted to him it would be like
a soft spot for him but you could also
fuck me like I want him to there's this
guy in particular in he used to play
magic I haven't seen him in a while and
I don't want to describe him too much
because he has a very distinct look and
I feel like anyone who does know me or
you know is in the Seattle magic
community will know who I'm talking
about but he wears skinny jeans and he's
like 120 pounds knees taller than me
which is necessary you don't have to be
super tall if you were one of my lesbian
guys but um he's taller than me and has
this really cool punk rock look and he
is like he wears like I said he's wears
skinny jeans but he has like his own
like a little style and he's got like a
lip ring and that's as far as I'm gonna
say and he has always been like a good
friend to me and he's always been
interesting to me and he he acts manly
and he has a really cute face like a
really cute face I love it so much I
like looking at him I like being around
him and I kind of miss him being around
but I wasn't even sure if he was not gay
for a while because he kind of acts like
he might be and I remember once he and J
have a similar birthday and if he if he
is watching this he's gonna know he's
him now because he knows that this
interaction happened and I'm sorry that
I thought you were gay but hey at least
I'm saying that you're one of the guys
that's totally not my type that have a
fuck right I mean it's good for you and
like I totally would have said this to
your face if we ever had this
interaction before this is something I'm
not very shy about oh I'm not very shy
about anything but you know what I mean
anyway um I was like oh you just should
have sex because you have the same
birthday and that's just like a stupid
joke that I make like I make a lot of
weird like oh your gay jokes like
there's this guy at magic who spends a
lot of time with a gay guy I'm like oh
you having sex with so-and-so and it's
just like a joke to me and it's like
random shit that just blurts out of my
mouth and he goes he was like no but we
can have sex and I like start laughing
in control big so I'm like okay he's not
gay good to know and that was something
that's very interesting to me but um
recently I was watching Gotham and you
guys know that I've been watching Gotham
because I applied some of my my
philosophies to something that made me
think about something when I was
watching Gotham anyway and the guy who
plays penguin is like
so cute and he's five foot six like
other than um like the fact that he has
poor hygiene in the show he's not like
that in real life I looked him up and
he's so fucking cute but he's five six
and he's skinny and he's got like a
cuter face rather than a manly face and
I just wanna fuck the shit out of him
and I just want to fantasize that he has
a gigantic dick in his name for those of
you so I'm gonna post him right here
boom that's him right there
for those of you who are watching it for
those of you who are listening through
the podcast or iTunes you can just look
up what the fuck is his name it's a
Robin Lord Taylor I think and he's the
guy who plays a penguin in Gotham and my
god he's so fucking cute I can't stand
it and he is he would definitely be my
perfect lesbian lover and definitely
there would be that weird dichotomy
between us where he is you know not too
manly but then also like the way the
person that he plays in Gotham kind of
turns me on because I don't know if it
said I'm open-minded but I feel like a
lot of people have one specific type and
they will stray from it but they don't
say that these other things that they
like or their type I actually have
specific types but I have like ten of
them right so you have like the like
super manly Russian guy like in Gotham
who's like buff and tall and super manly
and then you have like the German type
guy which is how this Robin guy this uh
it's funny that I said Robin because
Batman is also someone and Robin is also
someone Batman so it's kind of funny
that his name is also Robin but um
Robins not in Gotham so that's pretty
good helpful but it's also confusing so
we're just gonna call him penguin
penguin um has this like creepy sadistic
nough Samand that's what I feel I feel
from German guys like Industrial German
metal like the whole like what what I
see is an American from the stereotype
of like Berlin where everything's just
like underground industrial metal people
wearing black and like you know like I
like that sadistic this like you don't
have to be super like buff or strong to
be manly to me because I like that like
scary sociopaths Psychopaths like axe
and that's why I talk about like rape
and murder being something that's kind
of a turn-on in a vacuum obviously I
don't want to be raped and murdered but
um the
it's because that's something that turns
me on it's something like that like the
Nazi type act is like really a turn-on
to me and I see a lot of that that kind
of like self-assuredness and logical
necessity huge turn-on for me and it's
all such a way that Penguin acts the
penguin is also 2 inches taller than me
2 inches taller than a short girl 5 foot
4 so it's like there's no way he could
possibly be my like strong protecting me
manly man but he can't be my little
lesbian lover and I would enjoy that and
there and I wouldn't take it as
seriously like if I had a boyfriend and
I had sex with a girl I would never
expect him to be super mad about that
like he would just be like oh you guys
are having fun and cuz that's how a lot
of guys just treat it you know and as
long as I'm still interested in him it
wouldn't be like cheating right and I
feel like it would be the same way if
I'm having sex with one of those 120
pound five-foot-six guys that just have
a cool interesting look you know and I
feel like it's super mean to them
because they probably see themselves as
actual men but to me it's like not my
it's like one of my types but it carries
with it a different dichotomy which is
basically what I'm trying to say so as
long as you're not shorter than me and
and like a complete pussy or something
you're definitely in because I like all
different types like someone in Gotham
who would be more my type is a the
Riddler he is tall he is nerdy and he's
kind of creepy which you'll find out
later in the show what you should
already know because he's the fucking
Riddler but that kind of thing is more
of a turn-on to me and then the the
Russian guy I told you about is super
manly and and buff and stuff who is one
of the people in Falcone's whatever the
fuck none of this is spoilers by the way
you're not getting any spoilers these
are things that you can just find out at
any point they're not like oh my god and
I could totally give spoilers to help
you know explain who these people that
I'm talking about are but I'm not gonna
do that so anyway um I think I would
prefer to have sex with one of these
guys who are my type with the you know
like the girly or guys that I don't
really see is particularly manly then I
would a girl because girls are beautiful
but these guys are beautiful too like
they're so fucking cute like look of
Robin Lord fucking Taylor he's so
adorable I
I just want to like write you know just
one right oh my god it's been a long day
I'm going to go stream now I don't
forget to check in the top right for any
links to different things like my
patreon campaign and my other videos
that might be related to this also my
gaming channel always give it some love
I posted a really hilarious like veigar
highlight that you don't even have to
know what League is to think that it's
funny and I added some like metal Benny
Hill in it which is fucking sick so yeah
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel and check out the links
in the information tab in the top right
of the player I love you guys you're
fucking wonderful oh I just want to eat
you up
bye guys
