fuck ass cunt shit I'm just kidding this
is actually the intro to the shit Tara
says number 2 compilation which was also
done by Nicolas L stotch who is fucking
amazing I can't believe he was actually
worried about the comments that would be
in the comment section about this
because this series is fucking amazing
but I just want to let you guys know
that this is a fan driven series so if
you're interested in making any kind of
montage or compilation of the shit that
I say from my gaming channel or my vlog
channel or my live stream you should
fucking do it and send it to me and if I
like it which I probably will because I
have so much respect for someone who
will put that much effort into something
your video will be on this channel I'm
trying to post one of these every other
week and thanks again to Nicolas l
stotch who fucking inspired me to do
this you are amazing and your editing
skills are top-notch enjoy hi I'm Tara
Babcock and I have a public service
announcement for you guys I look really
weird when I wink okay you see that like
stuff on the wall over there I'm not
gonna lie that's totally juice that
liking balls is the way to a man's heart
don't just like send some awful hairy
picture of your tiny dick and your fat
belly hanging over it like nobody wants
to see that like literally nobody your
fucking wife doesn't want to see that oh
my god says good virgin I feel sorry for
him hey touch for the very first time
like a virgin when your heart beats next
to mine I love the giant just like hard
robbing veiny man obelisk that is a
penis why can't I just pee in the middle
of the floor then in a bucket my booze
oh really you want me to suck on your
irregular balls that sounds fucking
awesome oh this guy's hot come have sex
with me please like spank me with a
wooden spoon on my bare bottom until it
bleeds please please please I'm gonna
try to vocalize this wow yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah I like sucking dicks just so
much fun a child over done
Ksyusha dobro some et dobro le haut you
da push it for your clearance da readyto
all right no no no no no he must really
key to Papa yah yah
nah man oh my god all anyone ever talks
about is made oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah calm down bro I'm
leaving your dick sucks I'm not
attracted to this I'm not sticking this
anywhere near my mouth it looks like a
fucking elf shoe turned up little
fucking thing with a tiny head and hair
and going all the way up the shaft and
it's the book and worst thing in the
world you don't want to have sex with
that Hey like have the fantasy of like
meeting Jason Voorhees and being raped
and murdered by him and it would be like
so hot like pain and bad I'm pretty
submissive being hit with a dick like on
the face it's just so hard if I want to
have sex with a police officer and I
want to have sex with a teacher
Gabriel mocked so fucking hot oh my god
I don't even care that he's 20 years old
or 15 years older than me I don't care I
will fuck you Gabriel mocks regardless
of your wife and child
oh my god my titties look so good today
oh my tits look big and this shirt I
think they do you should see them in
real life
oh my god I have the most enormous
hideous today damn girl nice titties you
don't want the 15 calories in the
protein that comes with you know a load
of come I it doesn't make any sense to
me I think it would be so hot to have
sex with a cop
uh just making sure I'm not having a nip
slip
you fucking rub that shit until it hurts
like men do with their penises even my
perfect man he would be hairless I would
say I'm a natural blonde a dirty blonde
hey y'all hung out with Juliet last
night hmm well that's okay now did you
have sex with her yes well that's not
okay you're fired well I'm doing this to
get more respect I'm like impressed
about my own titties so yeah I hope you
enjoyed this okay you've looked at boobs
so now you can you can turn off that not
the camera the video and stop watching
it hey touch for the very first time
like a button when your heartbeat next
to mine remember guys don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
check in the top right for all the links
and stuff and post in the comments what
you think about this kind of compilation
and remember you can always make your
own go for it mwah bye guys
