hey guys today we're going to talk about
cheating and lying um now I think a lot
of people will think that what I think
about this topic is a little bit
different since I don't really practice
monogamy and I don't really understand
monogamy and it just doesn't work for me
it's not something that I do so a lot of
people will think that maybe I have a
more liberal view on cheating and that
maybe cheating is okay or that cheating
isn't a form of lying or something but
that's completely convoluted and not
actually true because when you think
about it I fucking hate lying and that's
why I don't feel the need to be
monogamous like for me to deny myself
the right to indulge in my sexual
desires or to talk about my sexual
desires you know the whole thing we're
like if your wife sees you checking out
someone she'll like slap you and then it
makes you not want to ever do it again
or not tell her about it and be kind of
closed off about it like you don't want
to tell her you watch porn you don't
want to tell her you want to fuck this
and that actress or this and that girl
from you know your workplace and it just
kind of cuts you off and makes you be
less close to the person to the point
where you know you want to hang out with
the guys because you want to be able to
talk about girls and that kind of thing
and you want to be able to indulge in
one of the things about you that you
can't control which is your sexuality
so um for me being in that kind of
relationship is a form of lying now I
don't think cheating is okay cheating is
completely different from actually
having sex with someone else you know
extra marital or extra extra
relationship or whatever you would call
that like outside of your relationship
when you're in a monogamous relationship
that's like this completely fucking
different and I hope I'm not like all
crazy and ditzy today hopefully I make
sense so bear with me here I'm a little
bit hyper and tired at the same time I
have to switch my schedule because I
have magic at a normal time instead of
you know streaming in the middle of the
fucking night when like you know there
aren't even birds outside until the
birds actually wake up so anyway um I'm
little bit tired as what I'm basically
trying to say and I'm rambling on I know
but um I don't think it's okay to enter
into a relationship where you're saying
yes I will be monogamous yes I will do
this for you and agree upon that or
enter into a marriage where you are
saying you are going to be monogamous
and you took these vows and then go
behind someone's back and lie about it I
think that is inherently and incredibly
wrong and it's something that I never do
and it's something I lose
for someone if they do if that makes
sense that sentence was not formulated
correctly at all but anyway um to me not
being monogamous is basically like
entering into a contract that says you
know I'll always be there for you but
you know I have urges and it's just like
you know I have urges I might go out to
eat with my friends because you know
what I'm hanging out with my friends I
might get hungry the same thing happens
you know when I'm at work I you know
might have a girl that you know makes me
horny and I want to be able to
experience that and have different types
of relationships but entering into that
kind of relationship is saying you know
we're you're my partner you're my life
partner you're my closest one you're the
one that always supports me you're the
one that I care about the most and the
sex doesn't detract or add to that it's
just something physical that you do
that's really fun and of course I love
having sex with you the most because
you're my favorite person just like I
love going out to dinner with you the
most feature my favorite person are
sitting on the couch and playing video
games with you because you're my
favorite person but that doesn't mean I
have to restrict myself from doing
things that I enjoy with other people
should the need arise that doesn't mean
that like I guess let's not go into like
what I think is correct for me in a
relationship not correct like in the you
know like large like big picture sense
wherever wants to do this everyone has
something that works it for them and
everyone is different and stuff so I
don't try to like push my own views on
other people I just try to get people to
try to you know kind of see and put
themselves in my shoes because I feel
like it's important to keep an open mind
and understand other people's
perspectives without actually having to
adopt them or without the person
actually saying this is correct you have
to do this and being forced into it I
feel like people should be able to kind
of experience and understand other
perspectives so that if it does seem
appealing to them they can try it out if
they want to but it's completely up to
everyone else everyone is different and
with cheating and lying it's just like
cheating is just a form of lying like
that's basically all it is it's saying
that I won't do this to you and then
going behind their back and doing it it
doesn't matter if you fess up to it if
you enter into a relationship which
isn't for me and I wouldn't do it but if
I had entered into a relationship and
then I go behind that person's back and
cheat on them when I said I wouldn't
it's just like a form of being a
disingenuous person and a lot of women
on-like what that makes them mad when
someone cheats on them is not the fact
that they were lied to it's the fact
that oh I can't imagine him with another
woman or he is it you know desiring
another woman or he's taking his desires
elsewhere like that's not the big
picture and that's what a lot of women
they get caught up in the jealousy
rather than getting caught up in the
fact that they're you know being you
know taking advantage of and lied to by
someone it's like much deeper than a lot
of people think and people just make it
about the cheating but really it's just
any kind of lying like you know if you
have a bank account that you're not
telling your wife or husband about if
you have anything that you're keeping
from them when you promised that you
would be truthful and they're being
truthful to you it's like a one-sided
relationship at that point and I feel
like a lot of people get trapped into
that because they feel like oh I have to
be monogamous oh fuck I fucked up well
you don't have to do anything you can
just decide what works for you and talk
to your partner about it and that's
something that's huge and I feel like I
see cheating is something that's
terrible because it's lying and I don't
like lying in any form like I see all of
the like bullshit pleasantries that
people you know give to each other in
society I see that as lying too like
when I don't want to talk to someone I'm
not gonna be like hey how's your day and
just engage him in small talk I don't
want to talk to the person if he asks me
do I look fat in this dress I might I
might phrase it nicely but I'm gonna
tell the truth I'm not gonna be like no
you look wonderful
and that's something that they went over
in the show Louie and I think the last
season or the season that I'm caught up
with the most I don't know which it is
but he goes that with some fat chick and
then she's like you know it's hard to
date as a fat chick doesn't like that
and then he goes you're not fat and she
gets all pissed off at him because like
it's tiptoeing around people and lying
to people that like that's lying I know
you're trying to not hurt their feelings
but being that kind of like yes-man or
that kind of like I'm just trying to
please everyone else like my priorities
are so different like I don't want to
hurt anyone like that's not my intention
I'm not going around just like you know
giving off negative information but like
I'm not gonna lie to someone especially
if I care about them if I don't care
about them I might just like not talk to
them about that kind of topic or like
not want to and then you know be honest
but then be like I'm sorry that's just
my opinion
but I feel like more P
have the balls to be blunt and honest
and open with themselves and a lot of
people are lying to themselves and I
just think there is something so
cheating not in the like sex with other
people's sense but like you're cheating
yourself if you're lying to yourself and
your friends and everyone else like no
one knows really what you're like like I
was at a magic tournament last weekend
and I talked to a couple of my friends
about some guy that I really fucking
can't stand like he is like I had a
first impression about him and I'm like
okay let's see how he is and then I play
magic against him and he's a fucking
dick and he takes forever and then
bitches at me about taking forever where
I'm like the fastest magic player ever
you know I should actually slow down so
I think more I would probably win more
if I did that and like he's being a dick
about it and I'm just like dude not only
do you look like a fucking piece of shit
dick but you are a fucking piece of shit
dick so anyway I'm not nice to this guy
but I'm not like outwardly mean because
that would just cause confrontation and
that's one of the things that I have to
deal with I have to be like is it worth
causing confrontation no well I'm not
gonna be overly nice and light of this
person by saying like yeah I'm gonna
good terms with you I like this person
but I'm also not gonna go out just like
punch him in the face because that would
just cause unwanted like there's no
reason it doesn't accomplish anything
really you know but if he was to like
you know ask me do you not like me I
would be like no not really I'm sorry
you rubbed me the wrong way your
personality just doesn't fit with mine
and you're actually you know pretentious
and I just don't like you okay like and
I would be honest about it it's you know
anyone can ask me that and I'll be like
yeah I don't like you or yes I
appreciate you you're wonderful I don't
know why you feel that I don't like you
maybe it's just because I'm so blunt or
something and I told this to my friends
I have so look at this fucking like you
can't see a probably hide HD camera and
you can't see these fucking hairs I'm
holding cuz they're like translucent I
have so much hair on me I brushed I made
the fucking problem or I made the
fucking mistake of brushing my hair when
I was wearing a sweater and when blondes
wear dark clothes hair is everywhere and
that's just that's just a rhyming way to
say your life is fucked if you have
blonde hair and you wear dark clothes
that's why you usually don't wear our
clothes anyway fucking tangent Jesus
dicks okay so back on topic I was
telling my friends about how much I hate
this guy and they've never even
encountered him or interacted with him
and like two out of three of them were
like yeah I know
and it's like why are you being a
yes-man to me do you don't have to have
the same experience as me and it's like
a turn-off and kind of like a I don't
you know I don't respect you as much as
a person now like like I have less
desire to be around you now that like
whenever I say something you're gonna
share the same opinion and that's
something that's very annoying and
that's also a form of lying there's a
bunch of different subtle forms of lying
out there and I just don't like it and
cheating falls into that category
especially because not only is cheating
lying but it's also something that is
really important to your partner and you
wouldn't want it to happen to you so
you're like such a hypocrite for doing
it and I just don't like any part of
that and I feel like you know if you're
honest and you're like I really want to
do this and your partner's like well I'd
rather you not and you're like I'm gonna
do it anyway like that seems fucked up
but it's so much less fucked up than
actually lying to their face like you're
letting them know you're saying this is
me I need this I'm going to do this do
with it what you will at least I'm
honest and I'm not leading you on or
making you feel secure in a relationship
that isn't secure at all because I'm
going around doing things behind your
back and I don't think you should ever
do anything behind your partner's back
just because I'm not monogamous that
doesn't mean that I don't like even more
so I have a deep connection with people
who I say I have a deep connection with
and I tell them everything and I can
tell them everything because I don't
have these like weird restrictions
holding me down and it's funny when I
talk about my non-monogamous
relationships people are always like man
if I came home and saw my girl fucking
some other guy beat the shit out of her
and him and it's like yeah but that's
cheating you entered in a relationship
where you said don't cheat on me and she
agreed therefore that would be fucked up
it's not the same I went into a
relationship and said I'm not looking
for something where I can't have sex
with other people and I might do that
and hey I'm going over here to have sex
with another person that is not cheating
that's completely different and
something also that bothers me about
people who cheat is that the the spouse
always gets mad at the person that their
wife or husband cheated with does that
make any sense so like the the mistress
or whatever the mister I guess would be
the you know male term but um why get
mad at them
I would do it I think I almost have done
it and she's so fucking loud it's really
annoying I really need to remember to
close the fucking door he doesn't know
that when he's on skype he can very much
be heard by my mic but anyway he's
talking about League and it throws me
off and shit so I wish you guys were
live so you could remind me to close the
fucking door before I start vlogging but
anyway um I really don't like like
blaming that other person you that's
just like not wanting to blame the
person you're in a relationship with the
person you're in a relationship with
said I won't do this thing you don't
know this other person they don't have
any obligation to do anything for you
it's not maybe like to you it might be
your moral obligation but don't be mad
at them they're just doing something
that they won't because they're not in a
committed relationship they're just like
hey I want to have sex with this person
I'm going to it's not even certain
whether or not they know that you're in
a relationship with that person they
could be completely surprised that you
already married or dating and all that
stuff and it's just so stupid to blame
them it's like kind of just making
yourself feel better kind of play like
another form of lying to yourself to say
that the mistress or the mister is you
know at fault and they're like a fucking
succubus and they're ruining everything
no it's the fault of your partner your
partner entered into this contract this
moral and social and you know fucking
relationship contract right they're the
one that has to uphold it no one else
like there can be temptations left and
right what the fuck ever people don't
know your life story people don't know
your relationship so to blame other
people is kind of stupid and ridiculous
and I would definitely do it I mean I
would do it with the knowledge like
whatever if that person wants to do that
and is willing to do that then that's on
him I didn't make that contract I don't
know their partner if their partner was
like my best friend or someone I really
respected and cared about then yeah I
wouldn't do it but it's not within my
moral compass not to do it if I want to
do something I'm gonna do it if they
made a contract that says they won't do
it they shouldn't do it and if they do
it that's on them that's just how I see
it and I know a lot of people are gonna
say oh she's such a bitch or oh that's
so fucked up but I feel like I am not
making those contracts because I'm more
logical about what I want to do with my
life and I don't want to deal with other
people's stupid fucking contracts they
should be upholding it if I come up to a
guy who's married and I'm like do you
want to fuck it's his obligation to say
no
and if he says yes then he's fucked I
shouldn't have to pry but are you sure
is it ok but like that's not my problem
and I don't do those contracts for a
reason you know I'm not trying to hurt
the person but I don't know the person
and it's like what maybe their marriage
is falling apart or maybe they've been
separated or maybe they're just dating
and they're not even you know monogamous
at this point they're not even like
exclusive so those are my opinions on it
I hope you guys liked don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
check up in the top right for the
information button the little eye button
click that there's a bunch of links and
stuff there and there's a link to my
gaming youtube and my patreon all that
crap also post in the comments what the
fuck you want me to talk about because
I'm always open for new topics I have a
few topics like long distance
relationships and more sex stories yeah
high five or sex stories um bye guys
thanks for watching
