hey guys I've decided that I'm going to
start doing a series called sex stories
or called something better than sex
stories where I tell you guys about my
experiences with exes or people that I
used to have flings with are people I
still do have flings with I don't know
and I as you guys know I struggled
before with what I'm gonna do with names
and stuff so I've decided that anyone
who is not in the public eye will just
get a regular name and anyone who is in
the public eye I'll talk about Heather
in the public eye and I'll try not to
talk about which type of public either
in their name or anything that would
like actually give it away but honestly
I do agree with a lot of people who are
saying that they should just you know
own up to what they do and be proud of
what they do and you know if someone has
sex with me there should be proud of it
and it's not like a whole like oh she's
so hot thing it's more like a you know
respect for me thing so if someone is
extrapolating from the details that I
might have had sex with X then you know
X it's not like I maliciously attacking
X and saying all of the nitty-gritty
personal details I'm just you know
giving my experiences from my point of
view and it's not something that's going
to hurt their career and it's something
that they should be proud of because
they should never be ashamed of someone
they have sex with and it would be you
know I have more confidence in myself to
know that I am worth someone not being
ashamed of me just because you know oh
you know having sex with her makes you
kind of a you know a man slut or
something and I think that's really
stupid and it's a really stupid
perspective and everyone has a sexual
side and everyone has sex and enjoys it
and has desires and people should kind
of understand that and give them a
little bit of slack too so I am going to
talk about my first time first um so a
little bit of preface on this I'm going
to tell you about my sexual up and
coming so you guys kind of get a little
bit of a understanding of who I am as a
person because I have been a sexual
deviant almost my entire life I got my
period at nine and around that time is
when I started desiring men and desiring
sex and having like tinglies and urges
and fantasies and stuff like that and
you know I think for men it usually
happens around 12 or something maybe
earlier like I see little boys like
little boys looking at me like ah ha ha
at like 9 and less years old they just
don't really ejaculate so they don't
really have a way to kind
of you know funnel that I guess you
would say um I've heard from people like
Jay and I heard on a louis c.k comedy
skit like people like boys when they
start getting erections they're like
interested in that kind of stuff and
start playing with their deck at a
younger age than twelve before they can
actually ejaculate and that's like
completely normal and a lot of people um
get like parents do not teach the kids
anything about sex enough for them to
you know make a decision but whether or
not they can be ready for sex you just
kind of have to feel it on the inside so
when a lot of people hear that I had sex
for the first time when I was 12 they
kind of go look oh my god was an older
man were you raped was there a problem
you must be fucked up in the head and no
it was just right for me I've always
been ahead of the times it feels like in
terms of maturity I mean I was five foot
four when I was in fifth grade and I'm
five foot four now I really just feel
like I developed earlier I got my period
before most of my friends and most of my
friends were like just doing immature
shit that I'm like what the fuck is
wrong with you playing with Barbies when
I was like you know creating ideas like
okay so an example is when I was
actually in first grade I made a play
based on um
Monty Python's fucking movie I remember
which one I don't know if it was like a
Life of Brian or Spamalot or something
but um I it was like based on that
because I always loved Monty Python the
TV show and the movies and everything
and I made a whole play like with parts
for all of my fucking classmates and
none of them could even pronounce any of
the words they could barely read and I'm
like what the fuck are these fucking
retards doing they were still learning
like ABCs and you know how to do basic
addition and I was like I'm so far ahead
of this and school has always been
boring for me I've always felt like I
wanted to be like three or four grades
above and I felt the same way about sex
and relationships and maturity and all
that stuff I've always felt that way and
it still it still carries with me now
like they're fucking you know thirty
eight year olds they don't I don't feel
have the experience and the maturity
that I do and it's kind of weird but
anyway um so my first time was with a
boy named KC and I'll always be grateful
to KC because he was one of my best
friends growing up we liked a lot of the
same things when we were really little
and then
we didn't talk too much but then in
fifth grade I started dating him and we
dated for fucking 10 months or something
before I ever had sex with him but I
always had the desire and we spent a lot
of time together his mom fucking hated
me because she was worried that I was
going to corrupt her son and it's so
weird and sobering to remember a
40-something year old woman hating a
little girl like me and it must have
been that I was on some sort of level
that this woman could actually hate me
it wasn't like you know son I don't
think you should do this it was actually
like a searing hate coming from her eyes
when she saw me she fucking hated me I
was taking her baby away type shit it
was ridiculous so okay see you nice but
a lot spent a lot of time together and
he would draw me things and he was like
the sweetest boy ever and I just wanted
to fuck his brains out and I wanted to
see what it was like to suck a dick and
it was just like something I wanted to
do so when we decided we were ready both
of us we got a condom and we did it and
it was awkward and weird and it was like
on the floor that I remember I had sex
with him twice before shit turned bad
and shit turned bad because as mature as
I was for my age I did some stupid
insecure like selfish shit I don't know
if it was so much insecure but it was
just selfish as fuck like what I what I
put him through I would always like I
guess it was kind of insecure too
because I was like I would make him show
me how much he loves me and he really
loved me and he was so sweet he was
always supportive of me he was
supportive of me even afterwards and
like I ended up just kind of leaving him
for another boy named Bradley who was
the second boy I ever had sex with and
so the first time we had sex I really
actually don't remember it that well I
just remember that we were on my floor
and it was next to my like I had like my
um a couple of my consoles before I had
the whole room that I told you guys
about with like all of my consoles in
like two different TVs and a bunch of
different games and stuff before I had
that setup when I was older I just had a
couple consoles on the floor and a
really tiny TV in my room because my
parents were not that well off until we
like moved to my house and we moved to
the house and we were kind of
acclimating to having money and I
remember it was like next to my Super
NES
and my Sega on the floor and it was kind
of awkward and I didn't come I remember
that and then we did it a second time
and I would go over to his house a lot
and we would like lay and watch movies
and we one of the ones we watched the
most the one he loved liked the most and
he wanted to share it with me was lilo
and stitch and he was he would always
like talk about Ohana wherever it is
like means family and that that was what
he meant to me and I always thought it
was sweet but to me it was like maybe I
didn't love him as much as he loved me
but then at the same time I wanted him
to love me a lot and I remember this
feeling like I would like make sure he
loved me and I was just really mean to
him and then I ended up leaving him for
Bradley and then I wanted him back
because I missed him because I you know
finally started like in my head and
started clicking like oh my god he was
actually really good for me and he was
great and you know he really appreciated
me and I that's when I kind of like at a
early age I learned to stick around with
the people who appreciate you rather
than you know what's cool and
interesting at the time like what's cool
in it I have the best of both worlds now
because I'm allowed to you know I've
made a life for myself where I have
everything that I've ever wanted plus I
can you know have new experiences and
have a great time and do what I want and
stuff and it's a very selfish need but
it's a need that everyone has to you
know experience new things to do stuff
and you get like new knowledge from that
and it's exciting and new things are
exciting and that's just how it is um so
yeah I remember I also like sucked his
dick and I probably wasn't very good at
it and he said it hurt a little I think
and that's that was my first attempt and
I really know it was going on I think we
had like one sex ed class and sex ed is
never ever good enough to teach your
kids anything like it either is in some
weird place where you can opt out of it
as AM as a girl or a boy
and then opting out of it is your
parents promising that they're going to
teach you themselves and they're going
to teach you a specific way but those
kids are always the kids that are so
sheltered they don't even get to hear
about sex and it's so fucking unhealthy
to me like oh my god so even people who
are in sex ed like they didn't really
learn anything it was just like
basically Anatomy or
abstinence or yeah condoms are good but
you don't really know why you don't
really learn about your body like you're
kind of confused about your body and no
one tells you that it's healthy no one
tells you that experimentation is okay
no one tells you any of the stuff so you
grow up thinking that it's some kind of
taboo thing that you should only do when
you're 18 with the person that you're
married to and then you end up being
like well I desire this more than I
desire being good like that and getting
married before I was sex so I'm gonna
have sex and then feel really gross the
better I'm going to masturbate and feel
really gross about it but anyway so I
remember the first time I felt turned on
I had this black and white like picture
cut out of mmm because I was really into
M&M when I was younger it was like the
only rapper I was really in love with
other than like Tupac and then other
than that I liked things like Papa Roach
and I liked a bunch of like alternative
and like rock type music but anyway like
Eminem just like picture there he was
like this I wish I could find the
picture I might actually try to find the
picture he was like this and his tattoos
showing and he's wearing like a a white
like thing like a white a wife beater
and I'm like fantasizing about like oh I
want to do something to him but I really
understand what I wanted just like I'm
desiring like he's so pretty like what
is this all you know and then like I
discovered like playing with my vagina
and how that felt well or felt well felt
good and I had like this marker this
like giant fat like sharpie marker and I
would like wash it make sure it was
clean and I would try to use that to
like you know play with my vagina or
whatever and I was like this feels good
but I'm never like reaching an end and I
felt like there needed to be a climax
there needs to be an end so I ended up
learning about my clitoris which is just
like it's a personal journey here I know
nobody taught me that you know playing
with the clitoris is the the easier way
to make a girl come and then like I
realize that this is how I can make my
vagina cum and this is how I can make my
clitoris cum doing it together feels
really good and you know I learned how
to you know have multiple orgasms I was
learning my body when I was younger
based on this like stupid picture of mmm
and I never really was into porn I
didn't have like internet in my room for
a while so that wasn't really a thing
but um I did discover it in a weird way
also so I didn't really think of porn to
something that was like something I
sought after I was more just kind of
interested in this mmm care
and I was really into him for a long
time and I got a bunch but I had like
thousands of posters I was like oh I got
porn all over my room now not like guys
will have like you know like back in the
day they would have like Farrah Fawcett
or in my day they would have like Pamela
Anderson or some kind of other Playboy
Playmate and like that was completely
fine to most families to have like a
picture of a girl in a bikini but not
something like actually pornographic
what do the moms think that the boys
doing with this picture of a girl in the
bikini you might not be directly
masturbating to it but the reason that
it's there is because it's visually
stimulating for him and it makes him
feel good and it makes his dick hard and
that's like it's like a fantasy for him
and I don't really understand why that's
okay but if she's nude oh my god the
world is at an end our little boy is not
our little boy anymore and he is a
sexual deviant like we are not we didn't
you know participate in sexual deviancy
in order to have him like that kind of
thing Sam that's basically my first time
and I don't have I will go into detail
more with the more interesting ones that
I actually do have details about because
like I said I don't really remember that
much and for me like if you are thinking
about it but I know I have a few younger
viewers and if you're thinking about
embarking on your first time and you're
younger make sure that you feel
completely comfortable doing it if you
have any doubt in your mind don't let
anyone tell you what you should be doing
do it only because you want to do it and
make sure you're safe that's the biggest
deal and you know be honest that's
basically all you need to do but yeah um
oh man like the video subscribe to the
channel and check out the little info
icon in the top right so you can check
out my links and all that good stuff
patreon my gaming channel and all that
shit I hope you guys enjoyed this I'll
have a lot more sex stories for you guys
in the future and they're gonna get
dirty
hopefully they'll be interesting to you
so yeah post in the comments see you
guys
