hey guys today I'm going to do a couple
of logs because I have a little bit of
time and I want to get everything
finished for the weekend so I can play
magic and not have any problems where
I'm like oh my god I'm shuffling my
cards this is shuffling my cards by the
way oh my fucking god I have to go home
and make a vlog oh my god it's like
three hours late oh my god I have to do
a vlog for tomorrow and then I say so I
don't feel like I'm behind and I fucking
hate it and if you can hear Jay it's
because I didn't close the door and he's
yelling to his friend on skype while
playing league he gets to play a lot
more league than I do because I actually
have to make videos I actually have to
edit videos I actually have to make
money but anyway today we're going to
talk about a severe suggested topic also
good to versus evil and what that means
to me and I feel like the basic outline
of this is that I've grown a little bit
too open-minded I think because there
are a lot of fucked up things and fucked
up topics that I'm like is that even a
bad thing or is that just a side use
perception and it's kind of like a
paradox sometimes where I feel like good
and bad only exists because people have
an opinion on what is good and bad so
it's kind of like a weird topic um for
me i would say that everyone has their
own personal opinions and ideas and
moral compass comes into play a lot on
what they think is good and what is evil
and i think that the biggest issue and a
lot of women have this problem i know i
had this problem I dated a guy when I
was younger who was into stealing cars
and he was in and out of juvie and it
kind of fucked me up a little bit like
at the time where he was kind of like an
asshole but then sometimes he was really
nice and the problem is no one is truly
completely good or completely evil and
it's kind of funny because um the
distinction between the two can
sometimes be a very very thin line like
you know I might think that something is
completely wrong while someone else is
like well that's life and there's a lot
of really hard moral decisions in the
world like I was watching Gotham and I
know some of you guys kind of hate it
when I like put stupid you know like you
know I see something on the TV and then
it reminds me of something that I want
to talk about or it gives me some
insight into what I believe and it's not
that that one thing changed my mind it's
like it set me on a course and and a
thinking process that made me come to my
own conclusion easier it made me think a
different way and in in Gotham this
isn't really a spoiler so don't worry
about it um there's some guy who's going
around and it's the the venom the venom
guy uh well anyway there's Viper that
kills people and the sky is working at a
pharmaceutical company and this is like
the backstory of venom is what I was
trying to say and this guy is working at
a pharmaceutical company that's making
this stuff and it's bait it's made
basically to put into soldiers who get
super super strong and can take over the
enemy but then soon die after and it's a
very inhumane way of doing things and an
inhumane thing to do to our soldiers as
well as to do to the enemy and so the
guy who works there is friends with a I
think he's like a psychologist or a
philosophy like teacher something in
this college and their friends and they
came to the conclusion that it would be
okay to go out and just start giving
this out to a few people so that it's
not used worldwide against a billion
people alright so he killed like 10
people and some of them were noteworthy
in order to make the world come to the
realization that this stuff is actually
happening and make the company stop
producing it if that makes any sense so
um this guy thought that it was okay and
not evil to do this thing to save a
billion people when he might be directly
and is directly killing like 10 people
right now the whole like idea that you
save one person or you kill one person
to save a billion you know is something
that a lot of people struggle with or
sometimes if it's something that's in
their hometown like a lot of people are
hypocrites like when it's in their
hometown and you're killing a couple
bums in order to save a billion soldiers
and a billion people you know on the
front lines like a lot of people don't
want to deal with that because I think
what if that was me what if that was my
friend that's just inhumane to kill
people at all there's got to be a
different way and people don't really
think about it more deep than that they
just think you know well there's got to
be another way and you know I'm not
going to make a change so let's just
leave it the way that it is easier to
leave it out of sight out of mind
than it is to actually do something
about it so people rise up and kind of
have a problem with that because it's
right in their front yard and society
and people in general have a huge
problem with allowing things to happen
out of sight out of mind like a lot of
people freak out when they see how
animals are slaughtered or animals are
caged in order to make food for us or
like oh no Bacon's good I don't know
much else about it but then when they're
like faced with having to like kill
their own food they're like oh my god
that's so fucking terrible all that
makes me sick to my stomach and the same
thing happens with like war like we we
love these like war veterans and what
they do for us but if they were doing
something similar as a vigilante in our
own backyard and we're seeing the the
fruits like quote-unquote fruits in a
kind of sarcastic ironic way of their
labor where people are actually dying
and stuffs actually being you know
affected in their own home town they
have like such problems with that but
people can be killed in the like scores
somewhere else and that's kind of
ridiculous like when 911 happened I'm
not trying to take away from the tragedy
that is 911 in the tragedy that is
everything that happens in America like
that the Unabomber or Columbine and
stuff but we worry about small amounts
of Americans being killed so much more
than we worry about anything else than
like Africans starving a lot of people
try to pretend that they care about that
kind of thing and they try to like you
know as a faceless person give a dollar
a month and feel like they're making a
difference and they don't even really
look into the charity and there's just a
lot of problems like that where I would
rather just say fuck the whole lot of
them because that's my honest opinion
because I'm a human being rather than
you know pretending to be this like
holier-than-thou person and that in
itself to me can be kind of evil the
people are that you know selfish that
they only care about their own city or
their own country and they don't really
give a shit about what's going on
outside of it because if you gave a shit
about every single human life that was
taken or taken away from you or like
taken in Africa like you would be
sobbing your brain out your entire life
there is so much death just like there's
so many people being born and in my
opinion I really think that the only
people you should
care about are the people who have made
your life better and that everyone
should be protecting their loved ones
but they shouldn't be worried about
other people's loved ones because you
just can't do that you can't care about
everyone in the world and a lot of
people have this holier-than-thou
opinion that they're actually doing that
when really they're just selfishly
caring about the things they can see in
front of them and not a big picture and
so that comes into play too and it's
just such a fucking deep topic I could
literally talk about it forever but I
think the place where people fall short
in relationships basically is that they
have an evil guy or an evil girl and
then this person continuously comes back
and shows them the good in them because
not every like there is nothing that is
wholly bad or wholly good wholly evil
are wholly good that's just not a thing
everyone has a little good and evil and
that was my problem with the guy Jared
that I dated where it was just like I
kept going back to him because when we
are together we have these great moments
and it would be amazing I would remember
the good times but I really feel like
you have to you have to even it out and
you can't be sucked in again and by
negative things if this person has a
wholly negative impact on you even if
there are good times even if you're
going to miss them you have to separate
yourself from them and the same way i
feel like people dismiss other people
because they're doing something that to
them is evil when it's not factually
evil and that's what a lot of people
don't understand is that their
perception is not a fact their
perception is actually just their
perception it's their experience it's a
hundred billion experiences and things
that you were told and things that
happen to you stacked up to make who you
are as an individual and that's why it's
called individuality because everyone is
fucking different everyone has built up
of a billion different moments and yours
is not going to be the same as someone
else to write someone else off and to
not have that understanding is another
one of those small picture things that
humans like deal with it I see a lot of
like what I consider to be unintelligent
people like just not understanding that
and maybe we weren't meant to understand
anything outside of our selfishness you
know like in the wild or whatever
naturally there are a bunch of people
who you know like we would have to care
only for ourselves and only for our
immediate family like that's that's what
makes sense in the wild because
otherwise we're going to get eaten if
we're running around
saving other people we're just going to
get eaten and it's like kind of a martyr
thing where why would you be a martyr
for something that doesn't directly
affect you and it makes sense so that's
why I kind of have a you know a pathetic
view on that a little bit um something
else I was going to say I don't remember
what it was is going to be like it oh so
about the like when someone seems really
good it's kind of funny and this is
going to be the little sexual part I
have to put sexuality and everything but
um a lot of people would consider sexual
deviancy especially like really deep
dark sexual deviancy like I have where
I'm like ah what'll be right and
Brighton like that kind of thing they
would consider that to be bad and they
wouldn't see that in a bunch of people
who are good people and i often get
attracted to people who are good people
like there's a bunch of people in
different communities people have power
people of popularity who seem like the
most angel angelic people that you will
ever fucking meat they're the sweetest
nicest people that care about their
communities they love their fans blah
blah blah blah and then I meet them and
there's just a fucking crazy sexual
deviant just like everyone else like
I've literally not met a person who is
like actually not a crazy sexual
deviance I just like I'm gonna fucking
dick like literally every single guy you
can think of like if you know that I
interact with them you can probably
assume that I know that they're also a
sexual deviant there's no one I've met
and I've met a lot of people and I've
talked to a lot of people in personally
where I don't really know them that well
and I've really get to know them but I
do bring out the sexuality in people and
that's something that's very interesting
to me about being a quote unquote you
know mainstream Lee attractive woman is
that like I get to see that deep dark
sexual deviancy of everyone and that's
something that really turns me on too
because I really like you know that's
why i say i want to have sex with a cop
or a teacher or something like that
because you know they're like oh I'm
gonna be really serious Bobo well you
know like the British guards the the
like stereotype of a British guard I
don't know if they're actually like that
but you know you can like walk up and I
kick them and yell at them they can't
talk to you like that kind of thing
they're just like Stern robots and like
that's how you're supposed to see men in
the military cops you know teachers all
these people are like oh they're trying
to help the community and they're like
good people or whatever like teachers
your teacher you wouldn't expect that
you're like dorky English teacher from
high school
was like 31 and has kids and a wife like
you wouldn't expect him to want to like
bend me over and spank me with a metal
fucking pipe or something until I bleed
right like but he would and he wants to
and everyone has these urges and a lot
of people try to hide them or act like
it's some kind of you know bad or some
kind of evil but everyone has them and
that kind of ties into the whole like
good versus evil and bad versus evil
type thing and I don't even think that
someone taking someone else's life is is
inherently evil like you know we should
I don't really feel like we should care
so much about other people just because
they're human beings i'm doing the
quotes for those of you watching on the
podcast you're listening on the podcast
like it's just like yeah it's a living
being and yeah it's not your place to
take that person's life and that's kind
of how you should see it not like it's
some kind of tragedy or anything like to
me it's just you know like I'm
protecting myself I'm protecting other
my you know the people I care about but
everyone else like I could give a shit i
don't give a fuck at all you know and
that's kind of how i see it because you
know like i said before you can't keep
caring about that like I cared one on
that fan that I knew committed suicide
because he was someone who affected in
my life positively and stuff like that
but like when I hear about a baby dying
and you know fucking Milwaukee I'm like
I don't give a fuck why does everyone
cry about that it's like people just
want attention and I was watching a
stand-up recently i forget the guys name
and i'm sure you guys will know he like
talks a lot about dead babies and he was
talking about where was my train of
thought going i fucking hate when this
happens it hasn't happened recently now
that I've got the new setup I don't know
something feels more official about it
so I don't do it as often but I'm a
little bit rambly today and I'm just
like letting my ideas flow my i did a
patreon only vlog for people on my
patreon and they're like my like most
supporter II supporters and I did a
really rambla vlog and they were like
you know don't hold back don't worry
about possibly being wrong just you know
say that you were wrong and admitted and
you know sometimes I worried that I'm
giving the wrong perception of myself to
others and I want to give the most
correct perception and that doesn't
really matter you know it doesn't matter
if I say something that I don't actually
mean or that I haven't thought out as
much I just want to go through a thought
process and that's why I'm not like
looking into the camera that's why I'm
not
only have presentation this is just how
I talk is my mind going 100 miles an
hour and I hope you guys can appreciate
that for what it is I stand by
everything that I say because usually
everything that I say is very thought
out but I can change my mind and I have
an open mind and that's that's one of
the new joys of doing this because I get
comments from people who didn't live the
life that I lived and don't have the
same perspective that I do and I get to
like broaden my mind and my horizons and
I love that so I love you guys also I
want to let you guys know about cards so
if you go up to the top right I don't
know if this is the left and its flipped
I don't know but at the top right of the
video you can always click on that
little I information thing and there's a
bunch of links that I think are relevant
like the last vlog or my patreon page
and stuff like that so if you want to
check that out please do don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and give me more topics because this one
was fun it took me a while to formulate
something that I actually wanted to talk
about on the topic but hopefully I did
well see you guys next time bye
