oh my eyelashes were sticking together
anyway welcome to a new episode of this
video would be better and sound better
if it was the sound of diarrhea coming
out of a man's ass who has hemorrhoids
okay Tara Reid's comments I'm proud of
this show let's go I have a problem
getting laid could you help Tara I will
front you 50 bucks for the worst hooker
possible you're welcome know there are a
lot of male rapes most often an
underaged male and I'm just gonna
correct some of your grammar there
because underage male that even sounds
like you're getting AIDS why would you
say that reread the things that you type
anyway that's not rape either if a 16
year old boy wants to have sex with a
really hot 25 year old teacher me plus
the word teacher
why the fuck shouldn't you be able to
make that decision just because our
statutes say that a boy or a girl can't
make their own sexual decisions at that
age it's stupid basically my rule would
be being able to come or for a girl
having a period plus like three years in
other societies they can do it before
then and they can get married at like 12
I think you can have sex or something at
like 15 in Germany with whoever Germany
another reason to love them
is that a hickey on your neck oh my god
this is the 100th time someone has asked
me that look at this oh this is just so
much in like two seconds
it's gonna be red I'm just gonna go to
the next message then we're gonna come
back to it it'll be right as fuck I
promise you horses are in hot snot in
dota horses are definitely dota 2 you're
bad you know the biggest size is 18
inches right not 13.5 I'm sorry you're
right I guess I'm not as big of a penis
enthusiast as you are dude look look at
it it's red I told you fuck you I'm not
a hickey hickeys are for like babies in
like first grade obviously I'm
exaggerating I don't want a bunch of
people being like pedophiles by rumor
but I mean the last time I cared to get
a hickey was when someone told me about
it in like middle school it's not a
thing that adults do Jay with videos
like this doesn't mean you can type a
lot you're typing a lot you're typing
sentences you don't need to this takes
like 20 minutes calm down most of these
aren't supposed to be literal they have
a different meaning than what it just
said duh
this is called comedy you shouldn't be
James Smith you should be take the fun
out of things Smith or maybe take the
fun out of and then thing is is your
last name because that's a terrible last
name I want to see your vagina itz
regu Terra la vie a Dies Irae YouTube
these are terrible already made that pun
already in the in the title of the video
copyrighted and hello Terra wonder if
she will reply hello Darth Maul wonder
if the real Darth Maul is conceited
enough to add badass to his title dot
dot dot question mark and parentheses
you've been Babcock's some people have
been saying that lately it's awful stop
saying it's not good it's not gonna
catch on I'm not gonna start saying it
wait I was distracted you know this
isn't a live conversation right you can
pretty much pinpoint any second in the
video that you want to and re-watch it
as many times as it takes you to stare
up from my chest to my eyes and listen
to what I'm trying to say life tips fate
is the thing that makes me have hope so
that is what I will do
inspiration oh we should all heed the
fine words of Zack I someone please
choke her with a dick till she's
breathless hashtag dumb slut why she
wishing great things on me I don't
understand is that's supposed to be a
disk yes please do that twice I've
always be self confident about my dick
size it's always been really really big
come out of the mother's womb you got a
fucking nine in sure you know how it is
by the time you're 12 you have like an
18 to 20 inch or it's actually the
smallest I would have ever had I hope
I've instilled some insecurity and you
so that you'll actually go you know
learn how to write things I've always be
self confident oh my god this Luke
farmer guy like really really not
actually stick up for me but try to
unlike every video who cares you fuck
too much I fuck to something hmm
dumb blonde broad irony your titties
look like they belong to my grand mother
God your grandmother has some fucking
nice titties like oh my god I that is
the guilt I want right now if I had a
cock I would want that bitches titties
on my cock yes if I had a cock I would
put my own titties on my cock and I
think I'm flexible enough to do that
maybe not flexible enough to suck my own
dick if I had one but titty fucking my
own dick I would do that 100% alright
let's go to the fucking gaming channel
can I kill innocent people
personal preference up to you go for it
nobody's truly innocent anyway no evil
Krampus this isn't binding of issac dude
oh my god speaking of which afterbirth
is like out or coming out like oh my god
so soon oh right it also today the
episode five of life estranged comes out
- so uh
took six hours on my fucking ps4 but I
had that shit downloaded and I'm gonna
be playing a fucking marathon of that
shit Asuza nope this let's fucking hurry
this shit up Oh would you consider
playing hearthstone not only do I have
like 20 videos of me playing hearthstone
I'm kind of over it I have one good TCG
that I invest all of my extra time in
and that's magic maybe occasionally
sometimes for fun at some point maybe in
what age did you start watching DBZ you
can star in things as a watcher I start
in the audience of so and so I was the
loudest laugher I even got onto a laugh
track at some point highlight of my
career no I started watching Dragon Ball
Z kind of late in life I think I got
into it more when I met Jay I honestly
didn't watch much anime or go into many
comic books when I was younger it was
more just heavily about the videogames
every single day all day videogames app
and then I got into the other avenues as
well later so probably like 15 16
like that still been loving that ship
for a long time unfortunately like 10
years or something you had the same life
as me except all the bad stuff never
mind we do not have the same life I
think he got to the point in my draw my
life video where I talk about fucking
dudes or something I don't know but this
person very quickly took that back oh I
think it might actually be a girl I
think she stopped at the part where I
said I was born in a hospital and then
was like we have the same wife even when
she isn't in the frame she makes sure
cartoon boobs are there well done Madame
Lowell high-five cartoon boobs oh I play
Matt awesome hey Tara my friends and I
are wanting to get into magic what is
the best thing to do one of those
premade decks or something else well
since you have your settings to wear I
can't actually hit reply and talk to you
which is actually YouTube settings by
the way you should fix that
I'll just reply here the best thing you
should do is go to Wizards and find a
place in your area that does F&M and
then if you have a couple hundred
dollars to shell out you can actually
buy a net deck which is a deck that
everyone else is using because a pro
used it basically but if you don't have
that much money to get into it you can
just buy one of those event decks where
you can make something of your own by
buying singles and then take that to fnm
and start getting into the scene fnm is
super casual so you're not gonna have
any problems most people are pretty
friendly and they want more people into
the community and they'll teach you all
the different things and it won't be as
monotonous is actually reading off the
list of rules there's a lot of rules a
lot of which you learn by just playing
because they're not in the basic list of
rules like the stack have fun good luck
oh my god I was it's so funny watching
him play keep this up it's great okay
that was on a video of Jay failing at
Sonic 3 so hard that we actually didn't
play any more of it yeah he is pretty
bad but so that comments so I don't know
on the train tracks
Chloe was sitting by the junction rails
so when the train came it switched the
tracks and trapped her foot I rewatched
the scene a few times pretty sure that's
what happens I had no idea that was even
a thing now I'm afraid to sit on
railroad track shouldn't she have been
like oh there's something attached to my
foot rather than realizing later that
her foot was trapped I don't know just
seems a little off not like reality but
hey life is strange Sonic I know right
that's how I feel about Sonic
unfortunately some people don't feel
that way and they're currently playing
Vlad on League of Legends next
jay-ar hurt it's real hell no they
aren't that is the perfect answer I love
you Nemo 2k5 is there like a video game
made by 2k about Finding Nemo in 2005
put that name dear non reptilian they're
up till Ian's army van join us yes okay
i hist for the first and last time for
these guys keep spamming my videos and
scream yes good so the last episode of
Doctor Who on Saturday bitch this is not
a fucking place to look for friends this
is a place to watch games and look at
titties we need friends go to the doctor
who anal fuck club on Thursdays in the
big gym of your high school god
boundaries people fuck after this I'll
start playing veigar no stop playing
veigar everyone's playing veigar he's
either banned or taken and I want to
play my fucking main man I'm getting bad
at him I hate it when some pro does
something that I was always doing and
then everyone like catches on and then I
don't fucking get to do it as much
anymore oh why can't the world revolve
around me you make me wish I were a hot
chick is that weird
nods natural you just want to be a part
of a lesbian encounter with me hmm all
right guys I think that's a good place
to stop for the week don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
have sex with your mom and a monkey and
keep posting stupid shit in the comments
so I have more fodder for this series I
love you guys as you're fucking amazing
don't forget to check out the gaming
channel which I pull comments off of as
well and just have a great fucking day
yeah I'm gonna go play life is strange
light
