being offended being hurt being annoyed
being angry things that trigger and
offend us all 100% subjective so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys today I
want to talk about why I personally
think the specific type of people that
are into social justice are into social
justice and why social justice has
become so popular lately at least with
mainstream college aged people I also
want to talk a little bit about why
certain hypocrisy czar seems so commonly
within the social justice movement and
social justice warriors and I'm gonna do
all of this without having written
anything down so it's just gonna be a
little philosophical chat here first off
let's tackle why I think it's so popular
lately specifically with this generation
with college aged kids who are actually
in college and not so much with those
that appear to actually have problems
like socio-economic problems people who
live below the poverty line can't get
enough to eat these aren't the people
that are spouting all the social justice
rhetoric it's more the white college age
kids that are in the business of getting
offended for everyone else now why is
that I think it's the ultimate first
world problem now hear me out
young people always want to find
something to rebel against they have
rebellious flair in them when you're
young you don't know very much and you
just want to find something to be
passionate about but what happens when
you've been coddled your entire life and
you've never actually gone through any
strife that's built character within you
well you find a lot of trivial problems
like social justice problems and you
find really really terrible ways that
are not realistic at all to combat these
problems
I don't believe social justice warriors
and people who are propagating all of
these ideas of PC culture I don't
believe that they actually want to be
fascists or communists that tell people
what to think what to do and what to
enjoy I think most of them come from a
good-hearted place they're just
extremely idealistic and the
implementation of what they want to
achieve they don't understand the
real-world negative implications to
actually controlling equality of outcome
so let me lay out the thought process of
someone who's a millennial and into
social justice they think wow what can I
be an activist of what can I change to
make the world a better place since they
don't have any problems of their own any
substantial problems at least they look
to fill many problems that they can
actually grasp which are emotional
problems things like being offended at
stuff hurt feelings the way the media
portrays certain classes that they deem
to be lower on the social level than
they are minorities women protected
classes
and they think about it in an emotional
way they think wow look at all these
things that could hurt these people's
feelings we should get rid of these
things so no one has hurt feelings
anymore and that in itself not wanting
to hurt someone's feelings or not
wanting to be mean to someone I don't
take issue with that and I don't think
anyone takes issue with someone
personally not wanting to offend someone
else or someone personally wanting to be
nice to someone else
but the fact that they think that the
most important thing more important than
our constitutional rights more important
than being able to experience different
arguments different arts more important
than pretty much anything is other
people's feelings and too late into the
next trait that I want to talk about
that's very common among social justice
warriors low emotional intelligence low
self-esteem and a lack of attractiveness
have you ever noticed that feminists and
social justice warriors are not that
attractive especially what mainstream
finds attractive have you ever wondered
why a lot of the hotter people more
attractive people more stable and
accomplished people are not social
justice warriors well I don't think it's
a coincidence what happens when you're a
young person and you don't find yourself
attractive you're a beta male you're
overweight you're not taking personal
responsibility for your health and the
way that you look you're not making
improvements in your own life what do
you do you blame everyone else for your
problems if you're not taking
responsibility for your health and the
way that you look and betterment in your
life or your psychological health of
course you're gonna want everyone else
to take care of it for you of course
you're gonna blame everyone else for it
I'm unhappy because you call me fats my
being fat is not my fault and there's
nothing wrong with it these things that
they tell themselves on a daily basis
there's nothing wrong with being a beta
male there's nothing wrong with being
the nice guy that finishes last when
these people feel like outcasts from
society when they feel like these
physical imperfections and these
problems that they have in their dating
lives and their social lives and their
inability to not be offended at things
that people say about them when they
feel like these problems are huge
problems these first world problems
these problems that would go away if
they took personal responsibility and
didn't allow anyone the power to offend
them if they were strong individuals
they wouldn't be into social justice but
when they are this week and they are
this unhappy with themselves you know
who makes them feel better about
themselves
a group of like-minded and very unhappy
people who will never offend them
because they watch everything that they
say and they say that everything is
okay beauty at every size of course it's
not unhealthy no no no biology doesn't
play a part in gender roles or
attraction sad unhappy depressed people
who don't like themselves are gonna find
other sad unhappy and depressed people
to make their feelings and their
problems feel more normalized to save
their feelings to put them in that safe
space that they need because they're
middle to upper class people who have
never had any real problems in their
lives and they think that having a
little bit of weight on you or being
rejected by girls or guys is the end of
the world
coupled out with our youth and a lack of
knowledge and how the world works a
disregard for all the implications that
the censorship would bring feeling that
the world revolves around them and
revolves around there firstworldproblems
you get this weird idealistic person who
thinks that it's okay to censor whatever
they believe is hurtful whatever hurts
their feelings because they can't really
step out of that bubble of themselves
that they've had their entire lives
where they were coddled and told that
they were special graded on a curve and
infused with the idea that they're
perfect no matter what they do you're
gonna get this idealism that doesn't
apply to real life the problem that I
have the biggest problem that I have
with social justice very similar to
feminism as I've stated in my why I'm
not a feminist video they basically just
go hand in hand
guess social justice and PC cultures a
little bit broader doesn't only have to
do with females then of course you have
intersectional feminism so that's kind
of like everything put together all of
that shit is completely based on the
foundation that feelings are the most
important thing ever because the worst
thing that ever had happened to them is
something that hurt their feelings
saving feelings is more important than
rights more important than facts more
important than logic more important than
literally anything he's in blackface
that's unbelievably offensive
microaggression cultural appropriation
offensive location
so let's talk a little bit about what
estra w's are so often hypocritical and
I don't think that they mean to be
hypocritical I just think it has to do
with the fact that they come from a
place of emotions and can't really
control it they can't really step
outside themselves as I said before and
see looking in what they're doing so one
of the hypocrisy is that I see often is
that they say that they don't want to
hurt anyone's feelings and they want to
be nice to everyone yet they berate and
attack people who don't think the way
that they do one of the most common
occurrence is being ad hominem against
anyone that disagrees with them kind of
like this oh you don't agree with
something about our social justice
rhetoric you must not care about X
minorities X protected classes or X
persons feelings being against social
justice it's just a license to go around
being mean to people all the time not
everyone who disagrees with how you want
to get there disagrees with the idea
that we should be good nice people we
just don't agree that it's realistic to
control equality of outcome when that
would stifle so many other people's
rights
so these social justice warriors who
pride themselves on being nice to
everyone are now attacking people who
aren't social justice warriors and I
think it's because they operate so
heavily on emotional arguments and
emotional responses you don't see them
arguing calmly or wanting to have a
discussion with you
they just instantly get angry and
triggered and reactive such towards you
because I guess they think that ends
justify the means even though the means
are extremely hypocritical pretty much
just like being stuck in your own bubble
syndrome but instead of being stuck in
your own bubble you're stuck in a bubble
with other people who are stuck in their
own personal bubbles and another one of
the hypocrisy is they don't understand
that if they limit the speech of other
people today it might be things that are
not on the social justice agenda that
they limit tomorrow it could be them if
you ever put limits on speech for anyone
you could possibly be putting limits on
speech for everyone it's not fair it's
not equal and it's not open there so
inside themselves that they think that
what's wrong to them what's wrong
morally is an objective morality that
everyone can clearly see and anyone
that's going against these ideas that
they have are blatantly trying to be
mean being offended being hurt being
annoyed being angry things that trigger
and offend us all 100% subjective so if
you're gonna limit one thing you have to
limit every single silly thing that
everyone gets slightly offended or
triggered by as I have always said I
think it's more useful to build a
generation to build a world of people
who are thick-skinned who are
realistic and to never give anyone else
the power to offend them and still
within people's self confidence
self-respect and to look at the world
through a rational and logical eye the
way I see it is if you don't like
something if something offends you or
makes you angry don't watch it again
going back to the personal
responsibility thing it's not everyone
else's responsibility to make sure you
feel comfortable especially strangers
it's your responsibility to deal with
your mental health it's your
responsibility to avoid things that you
think are gonna make you angry and it's
your responsibility to work on yourself
so that nothing makes you become so
emotional that you can't function why
allow anyone else the power to offend
you why allow anything to make you so
emotional that you can't see the world
realistically am i fat yes did someone
call me fats I already knew that Thanks
am I not fat did somebody call me fat
that's not true who cares it's a really
easy graph you can follow and if you're
sensitive about your weight and you
don't like it about yourself fix it
change it self-improvement leads to
self-love not that kind of self-love but
also that too probably
I hear sex drive and sexual satisfaction
is quite closely linked especially in
women to how attractive and sexy they
feel so yeah working on yourself is
gonna get you more dates a better sex
life a better life in general more
self-confidence self-actualization is
something that can give you pride
you've worked toward a goal and you made
it and you got there instead of finding
other people to commiserate with other
people who are gonna coddle you and not
tell you what they really feel other
people who are gonna lie to you just to
save your feelings simply because they
can sympathize but they also are too
delicate to deal with the real world
better yourself focused on yourself stop
comparing yourself to others and stop
allowing people who want to hurt you or
maybe don't even hurt you I know it's
easier said than done to get to a place
where you're happy with yourself but it
is so easy to start that journey to let
go the idea that certain arts and
certain TV shows and certain movies
shouldn't even exist because they might
offend someone out there obviously don't
watch the things you don't like and
don't support the things you don't like
there will be people out there that will
support it and will enjoy it
allow capitalism to run its course and
another note it's not your
responsibility to be offended for other
people who are less fortunate than you
are to do that as to assume that those
people are weak can't stick up for
themselves and are so unfair would
actually care and need that to be
offended for someone else or to be
offended at all is literally
waste of time that you could have been
happy yourself focusing on positive
things rather than the negative so in
summation I think that social justice
warriors are often just misguided
emotionally unintelligent young people
who don't know what to stand behind but
they want to stand for something who
have never had to deal with real
problems in their lives who are unhappy
with themselves on the physical level or
on an accomplishment scale and who just
want to find someone else to blame and
not take personal responsibility for
their lives it's no wonder that people
who are happy with themselves and just
want to enjoy life and enjoy art enjoy
movies enjoy music and not worry about
who out there might be offended by
something sillier don't want to be
involved in the social justice movement
and don't want to be associated with
social justice warriors it was just a
joke there's no such thing as jokes
anymore yeah we live in a post joke
world there's a reason why there aren't
that many attractive successful social
justice warriors and there is a reason
why Hollywood is so left and social
justice oriented because all the young
people are and that's what makes the
money alright guys I think this has gone
on long enough I hate it when I don't
write things down but I hate writing
things down and it's never as succinct
as I want it to be either way so might
as well just speak from my heart which
is more accurately my brain as always I
keep my comments section completely open
so if you disagree with me tell me why
if you agree with me tell me why if
there are some points that I left out
please leave those down in the comment
section I read almost all of my comments
especially in the first week of the
video being up thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed and I'll see
you in the next video wow I envisioned a
world where everyone takes
responsibility for themselves and we can
say anything we want and create anything
we want and have an open discussion
about everything without allowing
emotions to overtake us and turn us into
hypocritical crybabies sound good
cool
