hey guys so today I'm gonna be trying
out a new idea that I've had and that's
um I was at a magic tournament right and
I was hanging out with my friends and we
looked up a certain proverb I don't
remember what it was but then I got a
list of all the Proverbs past present
different countries translated into
English and a lot of them were either
extremely racist and antiquated or
sexist or just like hilariously obvious
and so I decided to put some down in a
notepad on my phone and we would go over
them and it would kind of be like a
little like comedy supplement because I
have the Terry it's comments and now I
want to kind of do this I love the
English language I love learning about
things and grammar and just like
different you know deep sayings but some
of things just aren't as deep as they
pretend to be so let's see how
interesting this is okay so the first
one I have down here is a cat may look
at a king let's actually look at what
the definition of that is because it
seems pretty obvious that a cat can at
some situation just look up and you know
see a king with his eyes and that's like
no problem at all so that seems kind of
dumb I can't imagine being like you know
what in this situation baby just look at
me right now
you'll be okay a cat may look at a king
so this is what it says it's all about
an inferior isn't completely restricted
in what they may do in the presence of a
superior okay I don't think there's a
really any topical use for that let's
move on to the next one a golden key can
open any door I think it's time that I
take some gold and go make some copies
of my keys so that I can open any door
and basically this one is trying to say
let's see what it's trying to say where
is it at right now there's some like ad
about like cut the fat of your stomach
and maybe you won't be such a fucking
piece of shit
money opens any door okay so I guess
back in the day there was gold and gold
was the main you know form of money back
then so we just say a key made out of
money can open any door as long as the
money bill is big enough and you haven't
deface the bill enough so that it won't
actually work as currency
I guess it's pretty silly okay so I love
this one because the first time I ever
heard something like it was in a Monty
Python skit that I absolutely loved but
it seems ridiculous as fuck a knot is as
good as a wink to a blind bat it's true
I mean like the blind bat is first of
all a bat and not gonna understand
anything that you're saying in the first
place and second of all you know the nod
or a wink if you're blind you whatever
it's not gonna fucking work out it's the
same thing to a person who is ready to
understand or undertake something any
subtle signaling sorry any subtle
signaling of it is sufficient the
context is usually of some undertaking
that is borderline illegal or of a
sexual innuendo okay it's interesting it
seems like it's modern they say but it's
in fact from the sixteenth century so
that's good to know it's good to know I
like this one a poor workman always
blames his tools now I don't have
anything to ridicule about this one it's
very true it's like the more topical you
know usage of this like proverb like I
would change it to you know a bad league
player always blames lag like that kind
of thing you know like you always see
the bad gamer is blaming something else
or someone else for their mistakes and
that can be applied to like any point in
life I really like this proverb and I
added it because I really liked it the
next one is all roads lead to Rome now I
don't think that's true I just I just
don't think that's true at all an army
marches on its stomach now basically
this is supposed to mean that you need
to feed your army which is kind of just
a fucking obvious given like you can't
just go on and be like oh no sustenance
that's absolutely fine we'll just kill
all of these people and have enough
energy left over to you know fuck a
bunch of whores and stuff that's just
not how it works
but when I hear this I imagine slugs
just like like on the floor just like
marching on their stomachs and I'm like
that doesn't seem very that's not very
convenient why are you doing this how
about armies march on their feet that
they've had fed you know they're fed and
they're happy right so let's move on to
the next one better to remain silent and
be thought a fool than to speak and
remove all doubts now I'm so against
this one though like it's a
because this fools sitting there like
you know I could say something about
this right now I have such knowledge of
this and then he says something and he
sounds like a fucking idiot but this is
the root of all confidence issues in
society today people are worried to be
wrong so they don't speak up when they
feel strongly about something because
they're afraid that someone's gonna
ridicule or ridicule them for their you
know mistakes and I see this a lot in
like in like games or like magic or
something people don't want to speak up
about their ideas because they're afraid
that someone who you know seems to be
more intelligent might shoot them down
and make them look stupid you shouldn't
be afraid of looking stupid it's fine to
look stupid as long as you take it with
stride and confidence and learn
something from it you're gonna be a
smarter and better person from it so I
think that's kind of dumb the next one
is beware of Greeks bearing gifts okay
so a little antiquated don't you think
because I feel like I've had some Greek
viewers and if they sent me a gift or if
they gave me a gift I wouldn't be
learned whoa
I know that's a Trojan horse what kind
of anthrax do you have in there that's
fucking ridiculous a little a little bit
old a little bit not not useful now
another ones not useful now Caesar's
wife must be above suspicion
why because she can't do any wrong who
why not just like actually target Caesar
like Caesar must be above suspicion like
why his wife this is wife like some kind
of godly deity or like you're just
saying that you can't suspicous
suspicious of Caesars wife because he'll
just fucking behead you is it that kind
of thing I can't believe this actually
turn into a saying that someone said
more than once it's kind of a little bit
silly children and fools tell the truth
I like this one because it's true like
the only people who are actually willing
to tell the truth without any worries of
you know starting a fight or being
looked at as pathetic oh there are many
reasons why people don't tell the truth
or white people put up a front and I
really like children because they'll
just say like Oh mommy's fat or
something without worrying about what
they should or shouldn't say and then
their parents are like don't you fucking
say that you just say something nice are
you saying nothing at all and that's
kind of like a bad you know I think you
say what you mean and then hope that
that person is logical and grown-up
enough to take it properly and make it
into some useful information that's a
better proverb but it's a little bit
longer I would say
the next one is devil take the hindmost
now that sounds like some kind of
fucking weird threesome thing but let's
see where where the origin is actually
where where da da da proverbial phrase
indicating that those who lag behind
will receive no aid okay so like don't
help people who are behind or in need
that kind of seems awful it's way worse
than just some like devil's threesome
sex innuendo that sounds so much better
when I was making the definition of it
the last one that I have for right now
because I just didn't have more time to
put more on there is don't change horses
in midstream is this like a dota
reference you don't you don't want to
change horses while you're streaming
because that might make you look stupid
cuz someone steals and kills your horse
I don't know I don't play DotA very
often I'm more of a League person but um
I can't imagine like the actual uses of
usage of this like some guys crossing a
river with a horse here's like all
there's a better-looking horse it just
jumps on and rides off and somehow
there's some kind of strife that comes
from that I just can't imagine and that
sounds pretty funny and hilarious and I
love it so yeah if you guys liked this
series let me know and I'll keep finding
them because there are like hundreds and
hundreds of Proverbs out there that are
translated poorly to English or are very
antiquated there's things that like
women belong in the kitchen type shit
and I think it's hilarious so if you
have any problems you want me to go over
or if you want me to continue this and
you think it's funny or you just thought
it was fucking stupid I should never do
it again just let me know in the
comments also don't forget to check out
my gaming youtube channel link will be
around here somewhere at some point and
of course the schedule of my channel so
you guys know what's going on thanks for
watching guys you guys are fucking
awesome bye
