hey guys today I'm going to go over how
big is too big and that type of whole
like is a penis ever too big is it
something that can actually detract from
sex or if it's just the bigger the
better I feel like I've already talked
about this a little bit but it was more
like my own personal preference I had a
friend from magic actually who messaged
me and said how big is too big in my
opinion because he's had girls that
actually won't have sex with him because
it's too big and I have a few thoughts
on that night I gave them to him but I
thought I would share with the community
as well because you guys are always
interested in what I think about penises
which is awesome because I love pieces
as well and I also love talking about
penises but as you guys know I'm a
little bit weird because for me no penis
can be too big and a big penis is just
kind of cool and and sexy and awesome
and it's something that I desire and I
really like big penises and I know a
bunch of girls who say that either size
doesn't matter or a certain size might
be too big but in theory logically and
you know physically a penis can't really
be too big now let's think about this
for a second like okay so let's say a
penis is this fucking long right it's
like a really long fucking penis now
aside from your own personal problems
you're gonna have like you're not going
to be able to produce enough blood to
make it stay as hard as a smaller penis
let's say which doesn't really happen
until like 10 plus inches so it's not
really something that normal guys will
think about but when you actually think
about having intercourse with a woman it
might suck for you but there's no
possible way that she can say that this
is this penis is too big because you
choose how far in you're going to stick
the penis it's not like you just have to
jam the penis all the way until your
pelvic bone is hitting her fucking
vagina you know like of course that
takes away some sensation for you
because you're not getting your whole
shaft enveloped in this warm gooey
goodness right but you can just control
not impaling her with your penis so that
kind of goes out the window now thinking
about girth in theory you're not going
to be able to take a tree trunk into a
tiny asian girl right that just makes
sense but most guys are not fucking
bigger than this
the same goes for trying to stick
something into an anus or to have anal
sex right you just have to love it Lube
it up properly like that's all you have
to do like work it around with your
fingers or your tongue or a lube it up
properly use Lube condoms even Lube
condoms do not come with enough Lube
they just don't
now I had a guy um I had a guy that I
know who was talking about how you
usually only have sex with Asian girls
and the Asian girls he has sex with
complains that they can't fit his
gigantic penis into them and it's too
big and it's too thick and it just
doesn't work now when I had sex with
this person that was kind of the case at
first and he is thick you know he's got
a nice sized penis but it's it's not
like an actual issue if you just like do
a little bit of foreplay or Lube the
condom he didn't live the condom so the
condom was like really friction II and
awful and that's the reason that he
couldn't get into my vagina sure I have
a tire Chyna that's fine but that
doesn't stop me from taking penises you
know that are slightly bigger than it
our bodies and our vaginas especially
are meant to adapt and that's why
vaginas can ever be too loose or too
tight because they just go back to their
normal size you know after being worked
out for a while and they also you know
are elastic to accommodate a big penis
so I feel like a lot of the women who
are talking about how oh penis is too
big this and that or you know it doesn't
really work out because this penis or
two is too big and I don't wanna have
sex with them they either just don't
know that you're supposed to have a
little bit of foreplay involved with
like looping it up and making sure it's
extra you know it's just like viscous
Lube and very like you know easy to just
slip right in and makes it slip right in
if you just use Lube even if you're
tight and you know even if she's tight
and you're big is what I meant to say um
or they're just saying that because they
don't want to have sex with you and
that's the only way that they could
possibly convey that without hurting
your feelings I mean you're gonna be
like oh I'm not having sex with a girl
but you're also gonna be like wow she
thinks my penis is huge and that's
something that kind of works like when
women don't really want to have sex with
you anymore or they don't want to hurt
your feelings and they're not really
into it you know maybe they aren't
turned on by a huge penis or maybe
they've had experiences where you know
their pussy is too tight to fit this
gigantic penis but
they're basically just saying it because
they don't want to have sex with you and
they want to let you down in a very
humane way I mean it makes sense like my
guys penis is too big so we only have
sex once in a while or oh I don't really
like the pain so we only have sex once
in a while you can negate all of these
problems with Lube and with not impaling
you roll through with your penis right
away now this is like completely
separate from what I think because I
think penises should be huge I think
girls should be impaled it fucking feels
good to add a little bit of the pain but
I do agree that you should if you're a
little bit thicker or you're using
condom and you haven't like had the girl
like suck on it a little bit and add a
little bit of saliva or something you
should definitely use something to lube
it up I mean they do that in porn even
it should be like the most basic shit in
the fucking world it's not you know that
hard to do
it's not that hard to have good sex as a
man or a woman you kind of just like
enjoy rubbing the correct parts together
and you know you get better at that as
you learn the partner and learn yourself
and it's just something that isn't
shouldn't be that hard but for me I
don't think there is a length or girth
where I would be like well that's just
too big that like a human can actually
produce like of the biggest penis in the
world or the Guinness Book of World
Records biggest penis is like 13.5
inches you know I would take that like a
pro and I would you know go as deep as I
possibly could you know like I would
have it go deep into me as far as as
deep sigh possibly could and that would
be fun to me it would be fun and like a
challenge and interesting but um I just
don't think that there is such a thing
as a penis that is too big there's
definitely such a thing as a penis
that's too small because obviously you
need a certain length to hit the g-spot
quote-unquote you need a certain length
to you know make it feel like there is
something in there you know like a
tampon sized penis is only going to be
felt when you know you put it in and
then you kind of just forget that it's
there you don't want sex to be like oh
you put it in you forget that it's there
that's pretty awful and that you know I
think is universal where you know women
want at least average or above and it is
true that penis size doesn't really
matter that much but it's definitely
something that can you know fit well
with a certain girl's anatomy and like
if you have a penis the doesn't
please one girl you know you can add in
different things like you know playing
with her clit or doing more foreplay or
you know doing something for her that
makes her get off better like you come
and then you come out and you leave or
pussy or something I don't know like
stuff like that can help you know
supplement it and then on the flip side
there are girls that will be pleased by
your penis because of the you know like
the shape of their vagina and like where
you know how tight they are how big they
are whatever and there are people that
will fit you when someone else might not
like you so you shouldn't get too
dejected if you get rejected by a
certain girl because of your penis size
or whatever so and I think anatomically
and logically it just doesn't make any
sense for a penis to be too big I think
if your girl is saying that then you're
doing something wrong or she just
doesn't want to have sex with you and
you guys should both be more open with
each other and you should also just be
better at lubing things like that's
basically my opinion so I want to know
in the comments you guys have to tell me
have you ever had a problem with trying
to fit your penis into a girl it has
this information helps you this is kind
of like a pseudo sex ed because it's
more just like me comedic ly talking
about a gigantic penis and what I like
but I also want to hear you guys's
experiences and let me know what other
topics I should be talking about and
don't forget to check out my gaming
channel give it a little bit of love and
check out the new overlay that tells you
what my schedule is like a lot of you
guys are like I was you know sex ed not
this week or wise fanservice not this
week well it's interchangeable and like
Wednesday has two different shows that
switch off and Friday has two different
shows that switch off and a lot of you
guys weren't understanding that and
that's probably why it's probably
because I had a really shitty outro with
a really shitty patreon outro that took
forever but yeah thank you guys and
forget to like the video subscribe the
channel check out my patreon page and
also check out my gaming channel bye
guys
