hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara today we're gonna talk
about weight playing not just pet player
dressing up but we're gonna cover a
bunch of different types of role-playing
what it means and why people do it there
are many different reasons why couples
or groups of people who engage in sex
might want to do roleplay some people
just have fantasies they would like to
explore while other people who want to
actually indulge in power play scenarios
or themed bondage or other things that
will require fantasy let's think about
it this way have you ever had a fantasy
where you're a handyman and you show up
for a job and the woman of the house
seduces you do you have a fetish for
older younger more powerful or more
submissive men or women well all these
scenarios and more can be experienced
easily safely and legally through
roleplay and exploring they're not so
easily obtained desires can make sex way
more intimate and more fun and you'll
come harder almost all of us have some
kind of desire like this don't lie you
know you do in fact many of these are so
common they're just stereotypical porn
scenes you can't tell me there's even
one of you who haven't heard of the
scenario and porn where the pizza guy
shows up and fucks the chick he's
bringing pizzas do you want more sausage
on this that kind of thing that's a form
of role play basically just pretending
or doing anything that you wouldn't
normally do or be in real life let's
talk about some common roleplay
scenarios we have sexy doctor or nurse
photographer and model and with this one
you get some sexy pictures to remember
the experience by stripper and client or
escorting clients the list basically
just goes on and on lots of role-playing
also includes a power switch or a power
dynamic this can often include a little
bit of bondage too sometimes adding a
power play to sex can make it really
intimate and really erotic because you
have to trust someone to make one person
powerful and another powerless I mean
you're like completely at their mercy
some of these scenarios include teacher
and student prisoner and prison guard
many forms of uniforms where the
uniformed person has authority over the
other person cops military stuff like
that and then there's gender reversal
where the participants in the act
actually switch gender roles and then
there's animal play or pet play where
one of the participants is an animal you
see this a lot in bondage where you see
like a gimp dude on like a leash
or like a chick with a ball gag on a
leash
the other person acts as their master
and then there's even scenarios as
common as like boss and secretary and
there's some less accepted forms of role
play that include less socially
acceptable sex these things include rape
fantasies incest fantasies and then
there's age play where one of the people
involved acts like they are extremely
older or extremely younger than the
other and things like torture and
captive fantasies I know it might not be
a popular notion but these types of role
player actually very healthy it allows
people an outlet to act out fantasies
that if they acted out in real life
could be harmful to themselves or others
I firmly believe that having these kind
of fantasies is not wrong as long as you
understand where it's coming from have a
healthy outlet for it you're not hurting
anyone with it and you're honest to
yourself and your partner about it
role-playing has a stigma around it in
our society because media likes to spin
it as something weird or perverted I'm
sure you've all seen the movie where the
weird nerdy guy has a wife who's fed up
because he's way too into her dressing
up like his favorite anime character and
they portrayed it something that's like
nerdy and not okay and hurts their
partner and then in TV or movies they
always have to make this character who's
into like that kind of thing a pathetic
character that's not the case at all in
real life try new things you're only
hurting yourself in your sex life if you
don't embrace things that you like just
because it's not conventional or it's
weird it's no one else's business as
always once you get over what other
people think and you talk to your
partner about it and you're honest
you'll feel so liberated to have so much
more fun personally I'm a big fan of the
power play role play I don't do it much
but I really enjoy men in uniform rape
roleplay and anything else that adds a
little bit of pain and also has the man
in charge I've gone over this before a
million times but basically it's so sexy
when a man so masculine he can just take
over me I can be very confident and
powerful myself in real life and I guess
I can be kind of intimidating to some
guys and I love the virility of a man
who can just come and take me to the
bedroom and not give a shit about any of
that stuff and on the flip side I
occasionally enjoy like a Virginie nerd
type guy thing you know why I'm the more
experienced party and I can just like
show him the ropes these are like oh my
god
you know that kind of thing alright guys
let me know in the comments what kind of
role play you're into what you have
fantasies about and don't lie everyone
has one and if you would never try
something like that please elaborate and
tell me why also as always post in the
comments what you'd like me to cover
next time on sex ed and Tara bye guys
have a great time and as always keep
fuckin dressed up as a pig and a horse
ah
fake horse fucking you know if you're
like into animals but you don't really
want to hurt an animal you can just jump
mmm
there's a CH play where one of the
precipitants / why can't I say a person
part participants participants
precipitance it's like some kind of
precipitation or something
