hey guys it's that time of the week
again what time you asked no I'm sorry
it's not fanservice Friday but it is
Friday night mail time that means I get
to unbox shit which is fucking awesome
right first thing we've got is this
which comes from the same place for the
same China Post as every literal thing
that comes from China or Asia I'm not
quite sure might sound a little bit
racist but what the fuck ever I can't
tell the difference you guys are all the
fucking same just kidding I love all of
you
unequally I'm confused anyway what the
fuck is this oh oh yeah it's another
fucking mother tongue ring there's like
202 of them just in case like one of
them fucks me up okay so the last one I
could not give a blowjob with and it
heard the roof of my mouth when I ate
which kind of sucked and also made me
think that maybe I should wear it when I
eat so that I don't eat so much so that
I could just have like a tapeworm type
effect but reverbs I guess I'm not quite
sure I want to try it out so let's
fucking do it
mmm
this is really cool I like what not
quite sure who came from probably
musical I don't know he didn't like he
didn't say and nothing said so I'm not
sure but thank you so much I like it oh
it's cool it's like a an extra ring in
there that like feels cool and doesn't
actually hurt but I feel like I'm gonna
have a lisp right now so yeah anyway
thank you this next thing is definitely
cards now I don't know if it's fucking
magic cards or what but I'm super
excited because I love cards and fuck
you if you don't like card it's that
because I don't often get magic cards or
anything like that because people just
don't give a fuck whoa this is cool what
is this Thank You Alan is fucking sick
it's a small and on the other side it's
a mountain now things like this are only
okay in like a th play or casual play
but this is sooo fucking cool the chicks
like she's like actually naked I'm
showing you this and I should be
censoring this but fuck it right it's so
small and so dark and there's like a
tiger in the background so nobody can
take it seriously if there's like a tie
it's actually a leopard I'm bad at this
seat can't be racist I don't see colors
or spots oh my god you can't even see
her vagina though that makes me sad this
dude is like so creepy he reminds me of
brand from you know legal legends if you
guys don't know already thank you so
much Alan this is fucking sick holy crap
my next we have this package which I
don't know it's from another fucking
China Post thing so let's go ahead and
open it maybe it'll be an addition to my
chair wah wah wah wah oh my god it is
it's the blog the blog the fall down
here and then you're all up in all the
Mario games specifically this looks like
the one from Mario 3 which is my
favorite Mario and one of my favorite
games of all time and the reason I got a
Mario tattoo on my foot so thank you so
fucking much we have to put him on my
chariot right away hopefully hopefully
the sound is not being fucked up oh
there's like a little kitten too
it comes with a little bit so cute oh
thank you so much this is amazing he's
so soft oh I love it thank you
why to train you not let me know where
my things are coming from and who bought
them it's very it's very frustrating in
the inside that says hey you bought this
or anything and stupid but this thing is
really cool so I'm not too mad I can't
be too mad at China because they sent me
a really cool pin along with my fluffy
flower tsin mmm he's so cute where
should we put him that'd look good I
think it looks good I love it I love it
oh my god thank you so much okay next
thing we have is this which I have I
have no fucking clue what it is it says
okay so this is on the front web undies
and it's got a picture on the back of
like Donald Duck but drawn poorly or
differently I don't know
just a regular duck I would say why did
they say doll duck is a mallard when
he's cruising on my oh my bowels are
sleepy where this is fucking sick Thank
You Matthew as for buying this for me
this is amazing I'm so excited to put it
on I think we should put it on we should
definitely put it on we should do it
look at those shorts they're so cute
6000 on them oh my god now to put on the
top that was up guys can't even see it
King no it's just titties it's just
titties for you this is better isn't it
there we go ah Thank You Matthew this is
awesome and I have a shirt that has
something cool on it to actually fucking
fits me can you believe it usually
they're like up to here and then it's
too tight and then I'm just like why why
it's actually that's kind of cool this
Miska like my bra strap going on type of
thing we've got this and it's from China
again from Zn you can get a mom date or
something don't fuck our family oh my
god oh my god ah this is a swimsuit it's
so fucking awesome it's like it's like a
one-piece and I don't I don't love or
hate one pieces I think they can be kind
of cool
flattering for a figure it's cut all of
the fucking Nintendo dudes on it so what
are you sick right I think I want to put
it on but I don't want to take off my
bra because my bra has a little clasp in
the back and it's super super fucking
ridiculous for me to take it off and it
takes time so we're gonna put this on
over my bra and pretend that that's how
you would go swimming let's do it this
is awesome I love it
oh thank you so much so Matthew or
whoever sent it to me thank you so
fucking much
you are awesome dude like seriously and
this actually kind of covers my butt so
I can go out and wear this in public but
coverage oh so get it on here is it just
my today's next we have this which is
hopefully either games or books because
I like both games and books usually
books in the form of manga anime Asian
Japanese sexy related stuff a gift from
Thomas T hi Tara thank you for all your
hard work
really appreciate your humor from titi
so there are two messages in here
because they're actually two uh mangas
in here and it says hi Tara thank you
for all of your hard work your vlogs
rock from titi thank you so much we've
got this one which was recommended to me
by a viewer and they said it's not
really erotic but it's a really good
manga so I'm excited to read it and then
we have to make up for the fact that
that one's not erotic we have a citrus
hmm which just judging by the appearance
of the outwardness it's got to be sexy
oh yeah some bitches be honest some
other bitches some bitches be dripping
in a shower there in a puddle slinger
Brigid ah thank you you are the shit
Thomas thank you so much next we have
this
it was actually incredibly heavy it's
kind of hard to pick up and for how
small it is it seems really super PAC so
we're helping us up but this is it
really oh my god
actual cards against humanity' game that
comes with the fucking expansion number
two that I got last time this is my
favorite party game to play with people
that is not a video game Mario Party
would be my favorite or like Mortal
Kombat or something it was gonna be a
video game but this is fucking awesome a
party game for horrible people and it
truly does live up to that name I'm
excited
oh I want to do cards against humanity'
videos I think that'd be really awesome
and I think a lot of people would enjoy
that and I could just like set up the
camera have people over and then record
it and not have to do much editing and I
could just do like one whole game and if
people want to skip through a river
maybe you can do even new highlights I
don't know so many options we'll see
what's from a gift from me sale that's
fucking love Musial is so awesome hi
Tara enjoy your gift from me zal thank
you love you so much you're it's like
fucking amazing to me you got me the
spider tongue Goering you have gotten me
so many things and then you also get me
a bunch of skins on League of Legends
and give me a bunch of advice on builds
and we talked about builds and stuff
it's so fucking amazing you're a patron
on patreon I just fuckin love you so
much we sail ah thank you this has
nothing in it let's open it this is the
next box by the way this is not the same
thought that I already opened I don't
know why I feel like I have to say okay
we're moving on to the next box or
something but I feel like they do it the
necessary
oh it's the awkward panda soft animal I
had on like page 2 of my wish list I
love this guy he's so cute I love pandas
I called J Panda for like weird
sentimental reasons and it's just not
interesting but this is so fucking cute
oh my god this is awkward panda on the
tag and he's supposed to be upside down
like in the pictures on Amazon he's
supposed to be upside down because he's
awkward and doesn't know how to like a
be a panda right and then his tongues
like it's so cute ah thank you
he's so cuddly too and like saw if I
were a panda we would have no extinction
problems because oh the Panda fucking
mm-hmm
if you guys are on talking about
supposedly pandas are going extinct
because they're so lazy they don't have
much sex so when they put them in the
like reserves they have to like kind of
push them to have sex and like make
things more enticing it's ridiculous I
would be the horniest panda possible
anyway this is a gift from Matt s hi
Tara would be so want these and enjoy
them of course I do what the fuck what's
wrong with you if it's on the wish list
I definitely want it always doing like a
handstand it's so cute huh
our second to last package is from joram
or your ohm not quite sure aka the new
guy you guys so much he is one of my
favorite viewers he's always there for
me always supporting me and he made this
box very confusing so I'm a little bit
mad at you but not really I will never
be mad at you let's see what he fucking
sent me I'm so excited I can't get this
little thing out this was she said oh
fucking cop sucks all these really
crafts and stuff
it's like this and there's like this and
then like like this and he's like
wrapped at all my god and this oh this
is so cute and then this is the last
thing I am so excited this has got to be
like chocolate or some shit oh my god
oh you guy you didn't have to go through
doing all this I keep telling him he
doesn't have to do so much for me like
it makes me feel bad that he does so
much for me I deserve it what is this oh
it's the Pokemon card he made for me oh
my god I'm gonna like cry this is like
amazing
oh okay so when I was younger I played a
lot of Pokemon and he sometimes randomly
edits pictures for me and he's made like
these really fucking cool pictures oh my
god a mysterious Pokemon some say she is
a life-form from another dimension while
others say she is formed from all the
beauty in the universe Oh to noon got
this book oh he wrote me a letter which
I'm going to keep private just for me
mm-hmm candy I've never had any of this
I don't know what this is Diamond candy
100% I would pin milk fault clods yeah I
think it's in Dutch this is like dutch
chocolate which is like it's not like
the best chocolate best milk chocolate
I'm excited and what is this okay this
has like a package on it what okay can
you guys you know so much about me if
you don't know how much I hate the
overuse of tape damn it it says open a
little package first at the very
beginning of your Friday night mail
because we'll help you a lot with
opening all the boxes you get gone fuck
alright we're opening this which I don't
think is candy anymore unless candy is
like really good for open maybe like
Dutch candy
really good for opening opening oh oh is
this like a fox
oh it's like a box cutter this isn't
fucking this is the best thing you can
get me Friday net male like I've been
struggling all the video why didn't he
tell me there's something important and
time-sensitive in the order in which I
do things not in the message because
there's no possible way I can like x-ray
vision all of these and then see which
ones that need to be opening first
that's stupid not have these packages
that are like made of nothing I like
that it's a deluxe pink blanket and it's
so soft oh my god this is awesome I
don't actually sleep under my comforter
I use blankets on top because I don't
want to ruin the bed and don't want to
have to do the bed every day or make the
bed
so this is actually a fucking great gift
and it's pink which I fucking love last
one okay does this actually have a thing
look at much fucking tape what is this
what is he trying to do to me I don't
understand I'm never gonna get that off
now I'm supposed to read this before
like what the fuck oh box-cutter dumb
fucking stupid ah make it like a tiny
incision in the back and I just rip it
open and take this this is fucking the
best gift
oh my god did you got your but I almost
do see this how I'm holding this I was
tough to shit on myself with it don't
learn how to use it though alright I saw
this in a store and directly thought of
you and Jay Jay doesn't wear costumes I
won't make him wear this one fucking
amazing small/medium and medium-large
I'm pretty sure it'll fit especially Jay
right now he's not like at his buffest
he's just more like fit cut buck and XL
XXL try to look really stupid because it
would be like for a fatter people rather
than for better people this is perfect
for me it was like a bear a beer wench
and lederhosen for a man oh my god this
is fucking awesome it includes the
shorts the bro ik this is not an English
I just realized I don't know what a brew
ik is dick a book this is great if we go
anywhere for Halloween I'm definitely
making more of this I'm also making him
wear this and taking a picture of it and
I'm gonna be wearing this on my 24-hour
follow the industry in which I'm gonna
be doing this year so ah
do guys this is the best I really wish I
had either started with this because it
was so amazing and so helpful for
opening things and I also wish I had
ended with it but I didn't there's like
a bigger box and I always just do it
like size-wise where did I put my box
cutter analogy what blast
package oh it's huge oh I think I know
what it is though okay so this is a
shorter
Mike's and I believe for my stuff goes
telling marcheeta yep it's from
marcheeta
oh yeah telescopic boom arm regular
backhand diecast mic stand regular pack
thank you this is awesome because um I
want my mic to be actually pointing at
my face but I don't want to be in the
camera and the mic stand like it's so
tall that I have to like angle it down
and not in my face anyway it's just
technical fucking bullshit but this is
really great thank you so much everyone
you guys are so fucking amazing this was
the best Friday night male ever thanks
to the new guy and everyone else who
made this fucking shit just fucking
amazing the the outfits that I got the
every just I can't even right now it's
so fucking amazing thank you so much
like really I I don't know where I'd be
without you guys and the series like I
didn't think it would do anything or
take off just like I didn't think my
patreon I want to take off and I just
you guys are so fucking amazing I can't
read
enough the most amazing human beings on
the planet anyone who sports my videos
or just watches you'd have to send me
anything I feel the love from where you
guys are so thank you so much don't
forget to just do whatever makes you
fucking happy I don't know I want I want
to make like every dream come true for
all of you if I could but I can't so
I'll just continue to reply to messages
as much as I possibly can and fanservice
and do all the things that I can that I
know you guys enjoy just keep making
content and keep taking your topics
blogs and everything cuz you're amazing
thank you so much so free to like the
video subscribe to challenge you want to
send me anything no matter how big or
small my address is down in the
description it's also attached to my
Amazon wishlist I love you guys
seriously bye hey guys if you're enjoys
my free content you want to keep my
content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars and supported my YouTube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you anything hopes
hey there vlog and fan service lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Terry's
comment and every other Wednesday at sex
settings care and every other Friday is
going to be Friday night mail or fan
service Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara
bat club games and if you want to watch
my gameplay live don't forget to check
out care about TV or twitch.tv slash
care about down subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
