hey guys I've missed you I haven't done
videos for a couple of days because I
was ahead and because I used that a
video that Nicolas el Scotch stotch what
the fuck is wrong with me stotch butters
basically made for me which is the shit
terraces video which I uploaded
yesterday so that's actually two days
ago no three days ago now because this
is going to be uploaded on Thursday I'm
so confused about my schedule right now
but anyway I wanted to let you guys know
that you guys have the opportunity to
make videos like that too and I will
post them either twice a month or once a
month I think it's really cool to have
some fan-made content that I can post
that you guys think is funny like by
fans for the fans type of thing I think
it's really cool it also saves me some
work occasional Incas sometimes I get
backlogged and I'll have a video that
you guys made that I can upload and I'll
just make a thumbnail for it and it also
allows me to support you guys in like
posting your name giving you a little
bit of you know visibility so if you
make videos on your own channel or if
you have a YouTube like a twitch or
anything that you want me to post um I
will gladly do that it with the video so
I can give you guys a little visibility
as well and I I like hosting when I'm
streaming I like hosting smaller streams
to try to give them a little bit more
visibility or people that I believe in
and that's all you guys who support my
content so if you guys want to make a
video you can use you know Windows Media
Video Maker wherever the fuck or you can
use Sony Vegas or you can use premiere
whatever you guys have whatever you guys
want if you want to make a funny like
montage video of things that I've said
or you know just whatever you think is
funny if I like it I'll post it so I
think that's kind of a cool thing and a
good idea and I want to thank Nick for
doing that for me aka butters you are
fucking awesome he also I got the idea
because he has a tumblr with a bunch of
like hilarious groups of gifts for my
videos I'm like oh my god you have to
make a real video so I can post this and
he did and it was fucking amazing and I
just waited a week and then posted it
and that was pretty cool but today I
don't really know what I'm going to talk
about I think I'll talk about um sex
experiences and sex stories I don't like
somebody said that I should talk about
my sex stories and do like the the sexy
story time that I used to do but um just
you know with my real experiences and
stuff and I don't really know if I want
to do that basically because
I haven't had the most crazy sex stories
I don't date and someone said that I
should do like bad date stories and I
have like a really good sex but I would
just be going into detail about what he
did to me and how that felt and it would
just be basically like some kind of
literati and not as much like you know
hilarious ridiculous stories so I don't
know if you guys would be interested in
that and I want to hear you guys's
feedback about it so I oh my god sex of
ten guys in my entire life so it's not
something where I would have a fuck ton
of stories I would just have like oh
yeah that sex with J that one time is
really good or I had sex with this guy
and it's hard because a couple of the
guys have a presence in the public so
for me to talk about having sex with
them people could find out who they are
or you know it could you know backfire
on them and I know people like Trisha
Paytas well there's very rare people who
do this but uh Trisha pages will talk
about who she's had sex with very
candidly and like sometimes even
mentioned their names when it's
something that would be new to the
public like I understand if I've dated
someone for a long time let's say if I'm
dating some random celebrity and
everyone knows about it then there's
obviously going to be sex stories there
because I'm obviously having sex with
them but for me to divulge the private
life of someone else kind of makes me
feel a little bit iffy and I know it
makes a lot of people that I've had sex
with feel uncomfortable and you know two
good reason not everyone wants all of
their personal stories just out in the
open so I don't know maybe thinking
about doing my like older stories where
when I first started having sex I want
to do a video actually detailing my
first time which I don't remember a lot
of to be honest it's not to me something
that like stuck with me my whole life
like a lot of people say it should be it
was more just like I wanted to do it and
I did it and you know I had a boyfriend
of like a year and I don't know so like
what do you guys think how do you guys
think I should conduct this type of
series do you think that I should like
give not give out names and maybe make
some of the details more vague or what
should I do what do you think like if
you had sex with me and I wanted to talk
about it would you feel uncomfortable if
I talked about it at all even if I
didn't give a name or would you
want me to give a name with that like
boost your ego in some way I want the
input from the viewers on what I should
do with that um and I'm not really sure
how I want to do that like there we're a
bunch of there's like a bunch of things
that I have had you know I've done in my
life or had sex with or like there was a
an escapade that I enjoyed or something
that happened and now doesn't happen
anymore or you know there's a lot of
stories but um I don't have horror
stories because I kind of like do my
research beforehand and I know that I
like the person and most things like
I've never had a one-night stand with
anyone that I actually didn't know I had
a quote-unquote one-night stand that
turned into something longer with
someone who is popular probably the most
famous person I've had sex with but not
mainstream famous and he was kind of on
my bucket list so it wasn't really like
a one-night stand I kind of knew some
stuff about him and since he has his
name on the map he can't really like
rape and murder me and have me disappear
really even though that is kind of a
thing that can happen um and a lot of
people always ask like if you had sex
with a youtuber if you had sex with
anyone who streams anyone in the league
Starcraft magic community and I always
want to be honest until the truth
because to me that doesn't really like
matter or affect me I think it's kind of
interesting like wouldn't you want to
hear about you know all the celebrities
that your favorite celebrities have had
sex with and that's kind of me on a
smaller scale and I would tell that and
I am perfectly fine with being candid
about my sex experiences and who I
didn't didn't like and what I do and
don't regret not that I have very many
regrets I think it's kind of interesting
that all of the experiences I've had I
may regret on a small scale like oh you
know I could not do that if I had the
choice to do it again but nothing is
really like oh my god I keep thinking
about a day in derbyshire caciotta
back because I make decisions with
actual thought and I know what things I
will and will not want to happen to me
in my life and you know some things just
weren't as good as I thought they were
and I do romanticize things a lot but um
I don't know I just need help deciding
so let me know in the comments what you
think would be appropriate and how you
think you would feel if you were in the
situation of being the person having sex
with me and also if you have any fan
montage videos that you would like to
make in the future or now please do so I
would love to see them I would love to
post them and I would love to give you a
little bit of credit and direct people
in your way for a few more followers if
you have some kind of endeavor and you
don't even have to be like a youtuber or
anything if you just want a few more
followers on Twitch or on on Twitter or
Instagram or whatever I love to give
back to the people to help me create
content and people who make funny
content for me and I think it's like a
cool little thing and it doesn't have to
be like a contest unless maybe later on
it will be I don't know I don't feel
like I'm gonna get any entries and I
feel like you know like the the Nick guy
the butters guy told me that he's
probably gonna make one once a month so
if I want to do it twice a month I had
to have to get one other person making
it once a month and I feel like that's a
little bit real unrealistic so I don't
know we'll see what happens I'll see you
guys soon bye bye mwah hey guys if
you're enjoying my free content you want
to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars in support of my
youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
hopes
hey there vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic blogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday is sex editor and every other
Friday is gonna be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara
back up games and if you want to watch
my gameplay live don't forget to check
out Tara BAP TV or twitch.tv slash care
about go subscribe and don't forget to
smile bye guys
