hey guys one of my viewers on YouTube or
it was actually a viewer on YouTube who
messaged me on Twitter suggested I talk
about the nofap movement and what I
think about it so I've always written
that off as just some stupid shit that
people say on the internet they're like
oh I just ruined my no fad movement it's
kind of like a thing that exists that
people don't actually do was like a
reddit thing and I don't really do read
it so I'm not really taking it seriously
but I decided to look it up a little bit
and talk about it because why not it
seems like fapping is a good topic for
me and I did the feel free to phat video
which is pretty much the antithesis of
anything that has to do with nofap so um
I thought I would talk about it a little
bit I looked at the website and you have
to join the no fad movement in order to
see the challenges but there's specific
amounts of challenges that you can get
and it's basically just a movement to
help people who have you know sexual
deviancy and who are addicted to
pornography and jerking off basically
which i think is kind of a bunch of
bullshit there are people as I've said
in my sex ed videos who suffer from sex
and porn addiction and it's a real issue
but it's not something that the average
Joe on the internet should be worrying
about or trying to fight against I also
don't think the best course of action to
try to wean yourself off of that is to
just go ahead and go to cold turkey with
some kind of ridiculous mission
statement that has the word FAP in it I
can't take anything that has the word
FAP in it seriously it's basically just
an internet slang word that makes things
sound ridiculous I don't even take my
own feel free to fat video seriously and
that was part of the mission statement
of that video was that you shouldn't
take things so seriously and you should
just have fun with things and that's
basically the mission statement of
everything that I do that sexuality is
not bad that exploring it is not bad and
that enjoying it is not bad so the no
fat movement is basically against
everything that I stand for I feel like
if you do have a real addiction to porn
where you can't enjoy things outside of
pornography or you can't have an
intimate relationship anymore with
anyone because you are too addicted to
porn or regular sex doesn't fulfill you
anymore that's a huge issue and you
should go see a professional you
shouldn't just try to not do it and do
the some stupid set of challenges that
some stupid people on reddit say that
you should do I think it's ridiculous to
try to act like there's something wrong
with enjoying porn like there's
something wrong with you know
masturbating I feel like
you do it one to three times a day less
or maybe a little bit more you're
completely fine and you are the norm and
you're just like everyone else a lot of
people just do it once a day
and I feel like it is true that the
amount that you masturbated the amount
that you find solace and porn does rise
with how sad or how bored or how lonely
you are but oftentimes it's just boredom
and if you want to stop fapping so much
and if you want to stop you know relying
so much on porn for comfort you should
you know spend some of the time that you
would spend jerking off you know
improving yourself like instead of
fapping that third time go to the gym
instead of fapping that second time go
do some weird activity or go you know
take a course or you know further your
education or hang out with friends you
wouldn't normally hang out with or go to
like a pub or somewhere that you
wouldn't normally hang out with there's
a bunch of clubs you can go to and I'm
not saying like actual like dance like
instance clubs I'm talking about like um
you know like learning how to so type
clubs not something that boring and not
nasaw so I'm not hating on anyone out
there who sews i've done my own cosplay
outfits and things like that and outfits
for shoots and bikinis but anyway what
i'm actually trying to say is um there
are things that you can do to fulfill
your loneliness or the void you have in
your life or you're bored i'm like you
can even play through games like I like
to play through single-player campaigns
a lot when I have free time which I
don't have much of right now and I
actually miss doing that because it was
something I did a lot but there are
things that I do to fill that gap rather
than you know masturbating for the 15th
time or going out and looking for casual
sex or something like that sex is
amazing and when you're horny and you
have the urge to do it you should do it
and I think it's unhealthy to not fat
first of all because not only is that
does that not work it's kind of like
eating but with a slower you know time
where you have to do it basically you're
just building it up and you'll end up
having like nocturnal emissions which is
basically coming in your sleep because
of an erotic dream or maybe even not
because just because you are more
relaxed it's kind of like wetting the
bed but that doesn't usually happen in
anyone over 12 years old because people
know to have that release on a regular
basis and if you don't come at least
once a week and if you're forcing
yourself not to do things that you want
to do you end up you know
being less healthy overall and you end
up being less satisfied and you're
uncomfortable you can't focus on things
and it's just like it's awful
uncomfortable experience in the first
place and a lot of people I've seen
people saying oh they feel better they
feel like they can focus more on other
things once they get past the hurdle and
once it feels more comfortable with this
it's like not I think everything good
should be done in moderation
unless you won't become self-destructive
if you do it in large amounts like I
like to do things in large amounts that
I like I like to eat a lot but I don't
eat a lot because I don't want to gain a
lot of weight or I like to have a lot of
sex but I don't have a lot of sex with
anyone I want because that can be
unhealthy and I can get STDs or I could
end up spending too much of my time on
sex like there is too much of a good
thing in many aspects but to completely
cut yourself off is unhealthy it's
irrational and it's just like replacing
an actual doctor and an actual diagnosis
and an actual treatment plan of
something that actually exists which is
sex addiction in porn addiction with
some stupid shit on the internet that
doesn't make any fucking sense so in my
opinion no FAP is bullshit
FAP in moderation fat to your heart's
content as long as you feel that it's
healthier not sad with your life because
of it and it's not over running every
thought of your every day like you
should be having fun with your body you
should be exploring your body sex is not
wrong porn is not wrong porn is
basically just like something that puts
you in the mood or makes you think about
an experience you've had our experience
you want to have and it just makes you
it enhances your sexual experience
because it puts you in a more sexual
mindset and makes it easier for you to
come makes it easy for you easier for
you to have intense climaxes or to
fantasize like everyone fantasizes you
can't say that you don't or that you
haven't and it's not a breach of
someone's privacy it's just something
that you do and something that happens
to come naturally to all of us because
we all want to have sex with this person
or another or have this much sex or have
this many experiences and they all have
different fetishes and things that we're
interested in and we all have a type of
genre of porn that we enjoy whether it's
you know female friendly or something
really hardcore or amateur but we all
have it and it's completely fine and the
reason that a lot of people get sex
addiction in the first place or get porn
addiction in the first place is because
they were so sheltered from it that
they expected they were exposed to it in
a point in their life where it's
overwhelming and it becomes an unhealthy
obsession because they weren't taught
how to understand it and how to explore
it healthily healthfully I don't even
know if that's a word but um you know
when you're younger you don't need to be
censored and that's something I always
say it's not about censorship it's about
experiencing things early and in the
right context and that's what your
parents are supposed to do they're
supposed to teach you how to handle
things because you're not going to be
able to be not exposed to things your
entire life you're going to get out into
the real world you're gonna see these
things and these things are going to
exist for you and they're gonna be parts
of your life and if you don't know how
to handle it when you're an adult it
just couldn't completely fuck you up and
so learning about that stuff at a young
age under the guidance of someone who
has more experience than you who knows
how to teach you how to handle it it's
so much better than censorship and when
people say oh like okay first of all it
makes no sense for a 13 year old boy to
not be able to see cleavage and that
could harm him in some way that's
ridiculous I go outside all the time
with children and babies and this is how
I dress and people who say oh my god
what about the children with the way I
dress on videos that's fucking stupid
but when you talk when you think about
porn or something like that
I don't feel like 13 year olds and 10
year olds and children shouldn't be
exposed to that stuff I think they
should be exposed to it and then taught
about it and I don't feel like the
parents should be like oh we can't talk
about that we're not going to talk about
that that's wrong that's taboo that's
something you should never experience
and experience it later and they're like
finally fulfilling that curiosity and
that urge that they have and then they
end up getting like too entranced in it
to worry about anything else because
they haven't had it in moderation with
the correct guidance their entire lives
like they should have and that's
something that's really sad that a lot
of parents are worried about exposing
their children to sex so much that they
allow them to have these violent video
games in these violent movies and these
like you know horror films and that's
fine but oh if there's any sex if
there's any nudity that's not okay and
that's a huge issue in America and
that's why a lot of people are so fucked
up sexually and a lot of women don't
know how much they you know should be
enjoying sex or how much they do enjoy
sex know much about their bodies and men
don't know about women's bodies is just
a clusterfuck of people being really bad
at sex or people not knowing how to
handle sex or
people enjoying sex a lot but feeling
like it's so taboo that they want to
keep it under wraps it's just kind of
ridiculous so yeah that's my thoughts on
nofap if you have an actual disorder you
should actually get it checked out you
shouldn't go through the nofap channels
if you're doing it just so you can say
you are doing it and you're doing it
half-assed just don't fucking do it it's
stupid it's bullshit it's not good and
fapping is healthy it's a release it's a
stress reliever it's something to do
when you're bored it's something to do
you know it's just the best not the best
but you know what I mean it's like
really good for you and it's not bad at
all and it's just like you know drinking
occasionally it's better for you than
drinking occasionally because drinking
can actually be not healthy for you it's
like better than that glass of wine you
have with dinner or whatever the fuck
shit people say is good and healthy for
you so I am uh I hope you enjoyed this
video and I hope I did this uh this
topic justice as always I'm hoping that
I said some good shit and said
everything that I thought in my head and
I think I did pretty good with this one
so yeah thanks for watching bye guys
we'll see you tomorrow hey guys if
you're enjoying my free content you want
to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars in support of my
youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
helps
hey there vlog and fan service lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday is sex editor and every other
Friday is gonna be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games and if you want to watch
my gameplay wise don't forget to check
out Tara Babb TV or twitch.tv slash care
about gong subscribe and don't forget to
smile
bye guys
