hey guys today I have a light-hearted
topic about face sitting I'm going to
talk about my opinions on it and why
other people might find it sexy or
fetish or whatever first of all it's not
really my thing but it's more
understandable to me that a lot of the
other fetishes that I am not into I just
don't really care to get my pussy licked
and I know a lot of people say that
there's like some kind of inhibition I
have or something but really it's just
not that sexy like I like it when a
woman does it but when a man does it
just emasculates him in my opinion the
way it looks a guy like licking on
something that's like imagine like a guy
with a with like a an ice cream cone
he's holding and he's like oh like that
would be kind of you know it's kind of
like cringy to me and it's not that
attractive when in porn if there's any
like asshole looking or face sitting or
pussy looking I kind of just skip
through it unless it's girl-on-girl
because for me it's kind of just like
not the most attractive thing in the
world also it kind of I don't know
there's just something about it that's
not that attractive to me and that's
just my opinion but I don't look down on
people as I've said a million times
before
who are into it I've had a lot of
friends who are into that that's one of
the more common fetishes I would say and
when you just enjoy pussy licking or
when you're good at it and you'll do it
for your girlfriend that that's
definitely not a fetish but when someone
that's like the most attractive thing in
the world and they'll watch like a porn
like the favorite kinds of porn are like
the ones where you are like on the top
of a couch of girls on the top of a
couch and a girl sitting on it and the
girl is just like facesitting the guy
like that kind of thing and like
specifically looking for that kind of
thing in porn because that's what gets
you off the hardest kind of makes it a
fetish because if you you know you
incorporate like pussy looking and dick
sucking and all that stuff into most sex
that you have and it just makes sense to
do so but when it comes down to it being
one of your most enjoyable parts or one
of the only things that can get you off
really hard then that kind of makes it a
fetish a little bit so um I think a lot
of people have this fetish a lot of
people I know have it and I don't really
see any problem with it but um if I'm
going to have my perfect sex I probably
wouldn't include any pussy looking and
usually when I do include pussy looking
it's more just like very very short
because I don't really need to get off
that way I know a lot of girls have
have a hard time coming if they don't
have a lot of stimulation to their clit
so it's really good to add in a little
bit of either face sitting or pussy
looking into the beginning and then
maybe maker come once and that makes her
a little bit more sensitive and more
receptive to coming again later with
penetration so like that makes sense
and it's obviously a very good idea to
have a boyfriend or a guy in your life
who will do stuff like that for you
because it can kind of be an
uncomfortable position I can imagine an
uncomfortable position where maybe it
takes a girl a long time to come or like
the you you know your mouth gets dry
stuff like that I don't have that
problem with dick sucking because you
can the saliva in the back of your
throat is a little bit more it's more
like viscous and it can get thicker and
so you have like an infinite amount of
saliva when you're sucking deckle so you
have something in your mouth so you're
not keeping your mouth open so it
doesn't get dry but I've done a lot of
pussy licking in my life as well and
it's simply not at all as enjoyable as
dick sucking to me I will do it of
course I will please the woman I'm with
of course and it's fine for me to do but
receiving from a guy just isn't my thing
receiving from a girl is perfectly fine
especially because women just don't have
the big giant hard member of a penis
that men have so it's harder for me to
get off with just a woman it's been a
long time since I've had any kind of
lesbian only interactions because for me
it's kind of like unless I'm really into
the girl it just seems kind of like a
waste of time and it's like kind of a
fun
foreplay type thing to do but if I never
have a male penis involved in it it's
not like nearly as fun mom what do you
guys think about facesitting do are
there any of you guys who have like a
huge fetish out there for it are there
any girls who like to do it or like to
get it a lot is that your favorite part
of sex I really feel like I would rather
instead of the regular kinds of foreplay
that you can just do with another person
I would prefer to have like toy type
foreplay or like a little bit of like
mutual masturbation and they're like
stuff like that is more fun to me so I
don't know I just like the whole like
really masculine dominating man and that
gets me off really hard if it didn't I
can completely imagine me really loving
pussy looking and facesitting because
you know it's kind of like the female
dominating the man a little bit because
the female gets to like push her
like pussy and ass or whatever into his
face and she kind of controls the
situation and it's like a on the flip
side kind of reality from what I usually
have so it can be fun and trying new
things is always fun not that that's a
new thing for me but like I'm totally
open to doing things that if I hear
about it it doesn't seem that appealing
to me because I want to make sure that I
have the experience that I can actually
talk on it that I can actually see I
didn't like it or I did like it and
sometimes I've been surprised about the
things I do or do not like so I think
everyone should keep their minds open as
always and if you want more tips on
pussy licking and stuff like that I did
do a video on you know giving a girl
oral pleasure in my sex ed series it's I
think it was the second to last one or
the third to last one that I did
recently but um yeah guys give me more
topics I want to talk on more things I
want to give you guys my opinions I want
to just share things with you guys and
talk frankly and openly about things and
I hope you guys enjoyed this and I'm
sorry if you guys had your heart set on
me facing you or you really wanted that
fantasy but for me it's not really a
fantasy it's more like something that I
would do with specific women and
something that I kind of skip and porn
so yeah to each his own and I have weird
tastes I'll admit like I'm very into the
masculine I'm not really into the
metrosexual kind of guy I I think most
women kind of are they want a guy that
you know tries really hard to look good
and you know has kind of like if they're
going to be kind of manly they have the
Lumbo lumbersexual kind of feel which is
like a new thing here where they do have
like a beard or something but it's like
really clean-cut and they dress kind of
like more effeminate and I think women
just want someone that they can relate
to that's more of a friend but for me
since I have such male interests I want
more of a manly man and someone who can
actually dominate me with my strong
personality and stuff that's kind of
hard to find someone who can actually
overshadow me in that way so it's super
hot yeah and it's also like a an
opposite of what I am in real life all
right guys don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel and give
me more comments down in the comment
section about what you think about
facesitting and topics for more vlogs
bye guys
hey guys if you're doing my
great content you want to keep my
content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars and supporting my YouTube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals like it's down in the
description thank you anything hopes pay
their vlog and fanservice lovers I just
wanted to let you guys know that I now
have a serious upload schedule every day
is going to be normal update and topic
vlogs except Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday is sex ed
mascara and every other Friday is going
to be Friday night mail or fanservice
Fridays and don't forget to subscribe to
this channel as well as my gaming
YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games and if you want to watch
my gameplay live don't forget to check
out Tara Babcock TV or twitch.tv slash
care about gong subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
