hey guys welcome to new episode of
fanservice Friday the show that has
nothing to offer other than gratuitous
fanservice with the message that you
should never take yourself too seriously
and it's completely okay to have fun
with your sexuality this week we're
gonna do pasties and that's because this
is the most requested video when I got
the pasties in the mail everyone started
asking about it and it's gonna be pretty
sexy and I'm sorry again button feet
guys this was just more requested and I
also apologize for being a little pale
I'm gonna go get a tan today but I
didn't want to ruin my tan with little
pasties and I didn't want to have weird
looking nipples for like a week with
that being said maybe I'm showing a
little fanservice to the people who like
ivory skin I hope you guys enjoy and
without further ado let's get this show
on the road
Oh
alright I hope you guys enjoyed this
week's fanservice Friday I promise to do
more but things in the future it's just
such harder of a setup because I can't
just like turn around and have my ass be
there I would have to like bend over
some weird direction or change the
complete set up that I have which is
kind of a difficult task so I will do
some more soon I promise
next week I might have a montage for you
done by one of my favorite patrons on
patreon or I might have some foot fetish
stuff we'll see don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel and
remember sex is healthy enjoy what you
enjoy and have fun with it bye guys
hey guys if you're joining my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and support of my youtube and live
stream and get some cool exclusive
content while you're helping me reach my
goals link is down in the description
thank you
anything hopes heythere's vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic vlogs except
Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Terry's comment and
every other Wednesday at sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is going to
be Friday night mail or fanservice
Fridays and don't forget to subscribe to
this channel as well as my gaming
YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara bat
top games and if you want to watch my
gameplay live don't forget to check out
Tara bat TV or which TV slash care about
gun subscribe and don't forget to smile
bye guys
