hey guys today I want to talk about
politics and why I don't give a shit and
why I don't vote um first of all I want
to say that I love democracy I love the
fact that I have the right to vote and
then everyone has the right to vote and
I think it's a great system as far as I
know but I want to talk about the
reasons why I don't vote and why I'm not
really interested in doing so and why I
don't feel like I'm qualified to do so
as you guys know I think media is often
misleading and a lot of places that
people get media and a lot of things
that people here are formulated in such
a way that make you think a certain
thing and a lot of people use
information and news as marketing for
their own like personal endeavors or
personal ideas and I think a lot of
people fall for that and so I think a
lot of people who vote or who exercise
the right to vote on a regular basis are
often misinformed and I feel like if
everyone had every little tidbit of
information that they possibly could
have and everyone was telling the truth
in their campaigns and in their smear
campaigns and it was just like full
exposure to honesty in all facts then a
lot of people would vote differently
than they do right now and it's not to
say that I think that politics are
stupid or that I feel that the topics
don't interest me a lot of the times the
topics don't interest me especially when
it has to do with some kind of scandal
relating to whatever politician or some
kind of thing that they've done in the
past I don't care what they do in their
personal lives as long as they you know
fulfill their obligations and do it
correctly and do it in a way that's fair
and honest and all that stuff so I think
a lot of that propaganda is just kind of
really stupid but on top of that I feel
like I don't have the time to be
properly informed enough to make a
decision to vote initially I'd never
really registered as a voter because I
never wanted to be called in to jury
duty because I feel like that would be
awful and completely not fun and I have
like a bump in my hair there we go
anyway I I don't want to do that I don't
want to go down there and waste my time
and not get paid and have other things
to do and it just doesn't seem like fun
at all unless it's like a huge murder
trial that really gets me interested I
don't want to sit down there and just do
stupid shit but I think they changed
that recently so they don't pull out of
the voters I think they just pull out of
people who are citizens and stuff like
that so that's kind of a moot point now
but I just feel like even if I spent the
time learning about all the topical
issues and the things that are
going on a lot of it would be bullshit
and I would have misinformation I do
have strong opinions on certain things
and certain types of things that you
know they might actually go over in
politics like for instance abortion I
have my own opinions on abortion and I
would want to have everything you know I
want to be able to do whatever I want to
do with my body I want to be able to do
whatever I want in terms of what I want
to do with my career
I am very against censorship and there's
a bunch of different things that I you
know have strong opinions about but at
the same time I'm not sure where I stand
politically because I just don't have
the time to take in all the information
to make an actual educated vote and I
feel like most people don't and I feel
like most people you know act holier
them now about their opinions are about
who they're gonna vote for when really
it's just you know the person they've
heard the best propaganda about and you
can never know either because if you put
someone in office they could totally go
back on their word and do a bunch of
stupid shit or things could happen and
different circumstances could happen to
where you know what you wanted at first
doesn't work out and there's just so
many variables that I have no fucking
idea what I would do and I'm just not
that interested in it to be honest like
the philosophical side what we're
talking about things like abortion or
what people should or shouldn't be
allowed to do with their bodies or you
know what media should be censored like
all those things are very important to
me and I like to talk about them topic
like topic by topic on my vlog channel
but it's just not that interesting to me
to you know delve into all of the
politics of politics I feel like a lot
of that's boring a lot of it's kind of
bullshit and you kind of just have to
deal with the fact that you know society
is a certain way and it's gonna run a
certain way and a lot of people say that
they don't vote because their one vote
doesn't matter and I 100% agree with
that but the same time if everyone took
that stance then no one would be voting
and the one person that does votes vote
would matter so um in terms of like
whether or not I I support of veganism
and vegetarianism publicly I do that
because even though I am one person I
can influence a bunch of different
people and in politics I just don't feel
like I have a strong enough stance to
where I'm gonna say I'm voting for this
person because this and that you guys
should too and this is why I feel like I
would not cover that topic
wholeheartedly and it wouldn't be true
to what I actually feel because I don't
know what I feel to be honest so that's
kind of why I don't vote that's why I'm
not talking about politics that's why
I'm not interested in the Donald Trump
bullshit this is just like not my thing
really and you know my one vote isn't
gonna really make that big of a
difference but I really feel like people
should vote and I love the idea of
voting and I love that there are people
that take it seriously enough to where
we're making good decisions and you
don't like to be honest like I forgot a
lot of what I was taught about how the
judicial judicial system is and the
different branches and I just don't
remember anything and I'm very ignorant
to it and I feel like a lot of people
are in my boat they're just not that
honest about it and they think they know
what's going on but they really don't so
when I feel that way about something I
don't like to take a strong stance and a
lot of people kind of do they hear
something on the news or they have a
strong opinion that you know doesn't
they don't think about how it affects
everyone else and they just kind of like
go wholeheartedly into that campaign
they're like I'm doing this and this is
the way things should be done well I
don't know the way things should be done
and I'm not even sure that if I voted
the right way like anything would even
matter like what I did in that regard so
yeah I just don't know how do you guys
feel about voting do you guys vote how
do you guys feel about politics - are
you guys up on all of the topical issues
you guys know everything that's going on
and do you feel like a lot of what you a
lot of where your opinions come from is
the media and do you feel like the media
is being completely transparent with you
do you feel like you're getting all of
the actual news and instead of you know
targeted propaganda like how do you guys
feel about it I really want to know how
you guys feel and you know a lot of
people say I shouldn't be talking on
certain things because I don't have
experience with it but every time I talk
on something I don't have experience
with I'm basically asking you guys to
let your inspects periences enlighten me
and I'm basically saying this is my
opinion from my standpoint of ignorance
and a lot of people don't really
understand that I can talk about
anything I want to talk about if
something is interesting to me or if I'm
passionate about something I'm gonna
talk about it or if I'm interested in
something and I don't know very much
about it I'm gonna talk about it just
the same so there's no real reason why I
shouldn't talk about something it's not
like I'm telling you guys I'm really
informed when I'm not every time I'm not
informed about something like for
instance working at a nine-to-five job
and whether or not someone should be
able to date they're like I don't think
that people should be told what to do
with their jobs
you know maybe you guys have some
insight as to why you know we should
dumb things down for the dummies that
don't know how to handle themselves
after they have a bad breakup and stuff
like that also ignore the fact that I'm
in my workout clothes I'm trying to do
fanservice Friday today's vlog and
tomorrow's vlog before I change the
setup so I can do some game some fucking
fucking magic boxes and boxing's for the
gaming channel and I am fucking spread
thin but I'm doing my best and I'm
loving the content that I'm making right
now so everything is pretty great in
Terrell and I'm just having a good time
doing what I love and I have some cool
things on the horizon I got a I got an
invitation to do some Google Hangouts
with some of the guys at YouTube so
maybe I'll get some cool feedback on
both of my channels and know how to
change it better and try to grow better
basically and get a bigger audience and
make you guys happy as well as making
myself happy because my content will get
more visibility and it'll be cool to
have someone on the inside of YouTube
that I can actually talk to oh um that
being said if you guys want me to cover
any topics as always please post down in
the comments let me know what you think
about the whole voting thing and my
stance on voting I do feel like everyone
should vote so that you know there isn't
less people voting I feel like we should
the more people who vote and the more
people who state their opinions the the
more like realistic we have of a
representation of our society and I feel
like it's very important that we do what
the majority wants and I hope that media
and other you know stigmas in our
society doesn't don't like push the
majority of society in a wrong direction
I really hope that you know we still
have our freedoms and our rights and
things that I really don't want taken
away from me but I don't really feel
like my uninformed you know one vote is
really gonna do anything especially when
I just don't have the time to delve into
it and investigate what I really want
and what I really stand by and you know
voting is pretty much like saying I have
a really strong passionate opinion about
this person so much so that if I was to
make the decision I would put them in
office and that just seems like way too
much fuckin pressure to actually make
the right decision and it shouldn't be
taken lightly so yeah I hope this was
good don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel and I can't
wait to finish this video so I can make
the next next video which is a
more lighthearted facesitting hi guys
hey guys if you're doing my free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars and
supported my youtube and live stream and
get some cool exclusive content while
you're helping me reach my goals link is
down in the description thank you
anything helps
hey there's vlog and fan service lovers
I just wanted to let you guys know that
I now have a serious upload schedule
every day is gonna be normal update and
topics vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday at Terry's
comment and every other Wednesday at sex
7 care and every other Friday is gonna
be Friday night mail or fanservice
Fridays and don't forget to subscribe to
this channel as well as my gaming
youtube and youtube.com slash Tara
bathtub games and if you want to watch
my gameplay live don't forget to check
out Tara back on TV or push that TV
slash care about go subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
