whoo happy birthday to me
guys this shirt is so good for bouncy
boobs so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
what's up guys and welcome to a new
episode of Friday night mail welcome to
specifically episode number 100 of
Friday fucking night mail which happens
to fall exactly on my birthday and as
you guys can see I got a lot more than
usual you guys are fucking Saints I do
not deserve you I think that goes
without saying but in the interest of
time and taking every single moment that
I can with each of these packages
without making this video unwatchable
long we're gonna be skipping announcing
the giveaway winner and the questions
for this week but don't worry the
giveaway winner will be announced in
next week's video as well as extra
questions being taken from the last
video so you guys don't miss anything
you're just not gonna see it in this
week's video don't hate me I just want
to focus on these packages as much as
possible because you guys were nice
enough to take your time and to spend
money on these things for me for my
birthday to make me feel special and I
fucking love you and want to give each
package special treatment that being
said there will be a giveaway link down
in the description so if you want to
sign up for the next week's giveaway
both giveaways will be announced next
week basically do so link in the
description let's fucking do this I am
so excited I even have a package from my
parents which is gonna be crazy okay
today we're gonna start out with this
envelope this is from Pekka pick a baby
and we're gonna go ahead and open it
Thank You Pekka for sending me something
on my birthday you're fucking amazing
okay so it says happy birthday you
wanted something small so here you go a
couple nice new keychains and chokers
for you yes the letter for your eyes
pussy only so now reading on camera yes
sir
we've got a Star Wars ro one the x-wing
little keychain here this is cool it's
like really heavy and heavy duty Thank
You Becca BAM we've got a keychain of a
space invader that's like 3d it's like
3d eight bits I know that kind of sounds
like an oxymoron but in real life we can
get away with it so if it's 8-bit and 3d
does that make it 16 bits and I'm gonna
go ahead and read this away from the
prying eyes of the Internet's I fucking
love you Pekka you're amazing so
supportive and thank you so much for
contributing to my birthday awesomeness
okay moving on we have this letter from
it looks like it's from sherry based on
the address I'm not 100% sure but I
think dear Tara happy fucking birthday
you're one of my favorite youtubers and
someone I can honestly call a good
friend you're intelligent funniest fuck
insightful and did you offer a really
cool view of the world Oh
something I think everyone should hear
you're also incredibly kind and loyal to
your viewers which makes us feel good I
know this sounds sappy but I mean it
you're awesome and totally gorgeous so
when your special day comes I hope you
enjoy it as much as possible because you
work so hard and deserve breaks
sometimes have fun fuck J play with Eve
and just kick back we'll be here when
you return
PS thank you for everything I feel like
I can talk to you about anything I truly
appreciate that love you PS Sherry and
Mooney PPS Mooney walked in on me
writing this and thought I was writing
smut I do that a lot
Shari you need to send me said smut
please oh that's gonna be good thank you
so much you were so sweet I love you
both and I appreciate every moment we
spend together playing jackbox even if
you guys whip my ass Wow thank you so
much you guys are just so fucking great
to me I do not deserve you I don't know
how many times I'm gonna say that in
this video but if you'd like to start a
drinking game you know I can't force you
not to die from alcohol poisoning I do
not deserve you I do not deserve you
this is a pet ninja okay I made rubber
tongue buy this for me because I saw
that you can get it for free or whatever
and it's actually a little card that
says my pet is alone at home please see
the card in my wallet for emergency
contact and then it has to emergency
contact letters as well as these two or
actually there's three of them that's
cool three little slips that you put on
the front of your door so in case of a
fire you can actually note how many cats
dogs birds etc you have so the
firefighter can go in and save your pet
now this is something I've always
worried about because Eve likes to get
under a bed our tempur-pedic bed that's
like really heavy and I think it's
really important to save her obviously
she's like a really important member of
my family and I wouldn't want to lose
her to a fire and in case you get in a
car accident like Jay gets in a car
accident with me and we're both in the
emergency room or one of us dies or
something or both of us dies we want to
make sure that Eve is taken care of
oh you guys are fucking um
also a good boy rubber tongue but you
know it's not like he spent any money on
it
happy birthday Tara I remember ona dish
being one of your favorite songs so this
one is for you we are living in digital
times but special items must be held in
hand happy birthday again sexy lady love
Jurgen he didn't say love but I'm gonna
put that there because I do love Jurgen
okay we've got made in Germany the best
tracks of Rammstein I actually own -
special edition Rammstein albums so this
fits perfectly Rammstein one of my
favourite bands of all time
j√∂rgen you're a badass this is so
sentimental I love you and yeah you hit
the nail on the head I love collecting
my favorite games still even though you
can digitally download them I still like
having the physical copies of everything
I like collecting things as you can tell
oh my god you guys are fucking amazing I
can't even oh this is the fender grip
who bought it for me oh my god who
bought it for me this is amazing I
actually have a donation ticker and I'm
trying to get up to five hundred dollars
so I can get a good bass guitar and a
few other things so I can start playing
Rocksmith then eventually be able to
play bass and the guitar so I'm really
excited about this because one of the
reasons why I couldn't learn guitar back
in the day when I was younger is because
I didn't have the finger strength oh I
love it thank you so much
hello goddess Tara happy birthday and
happy 100 your sissy bitch good boys
hissy bitch you've been such a good boy
lately but I don't think you're loyal
enough I want to see that ongoing
loyalty all right time to get Butch's
fuck strong hands so I can play the bass
guitar oh this is the whole Dead Pool
outfit is it we've got the top and then
we've got the bottoms and it like
actually looks like the outfit this is
gonna be cool hopefully it fits me there
it is the Deadpool outfit we've got to
put this on hold on all right we're
gonna fit the tip we kind of fit the tit
kinda let's put on the leggings I'm
starting to think that this would look
better without a bra but I'm afraid that
if I take the bra off the titties might
show and right now we have Eve just
doing some crazy what are you doing baby
you can't even see her hmm
okay good shit I don't know who said
that to me but thank you so much that
was badass Eva
we've got notes we've got notes oh we
don't buyers name is Seth Thank You Seth
Z this is amazing just wait until you
see it's totally a coughing right like
totally a coughing 100% a coughing
nothing suspicious nothing out of the
ordinary just a standard coughing
looking adorable Thank You Seth you're
amazing I'm trying to ignore the fact
that my cat is literally climbing my
camera whoo oh it's Lucas Taylor hi Tara
happy 100th episode of F&M Oh hit me up
tonight since I'm in town so you can be
forcibly plowed and slapped around on
your birthday have a sexual birthday
Lucas Taylor who says I haven't already
been forcibly raped fucked and slapped
around on my birthday I judge you when
you use poor grammar a collection of
egregious errors disconcerting bloopers
and other linguistic slip-ups this is my
oh my god she's gonna is she gonna zoom
it in she's literally on top let me show
you if what are you doing stop what
you're doing you stop what you're doing
all right we got to look at like one of
these we're gonna skip to the middle
don't drink and drive don't drink and
make road signs oh my god this is my new
favorite book lucas slash donald you
have totally outdone yourself today
you are wonderful lucas for the first
time in my life i don't know you have
set me some good stuff before but for
the first time in my life I can honestly
say you might actually deserve that plow
all right all right what's this oh we've
got two leggings who bought these it
doesn't say okay so we've got a hot pink
or no it's more like a magenta it's a
little bit more magenta than the hot
pink that I got before and then we've
got one of my favorite colors for
clothing maroon a maroon red a dark red
I don't know who said these to me but
fuck yes let's put them on we'll start
with the pink because I feel like the
Maroons gonna be my favorites and it's
gonna match the Deadpool more I'm gonna
be like Deadpool on the top and then
basic white bitch on the bottom let's do
it
all right fuck it taking this goddamn
bra that's better now we got some side
boob in there too that's hot I think
most of us can agree that it's much
better to be braless at times at least
so I like these ones but I want to put
on these ones by the way I'm not sure
who send these to
but thank you so much absolutely love
these I really want them in every
fucking color because they're so comfy
and they're so nice and flattering to my
ass what can I say I fucking love it
you're amazing I do not deserve you guys
take a shot because you're so fucking
amazing to me take a shot hi Tara enjoy
your gift from Josie oh these are the
American flag aviator glasses mark ha I
can never get enough of aviators or my
favorite types of glasses and I know
that makes me a douche bag by proxy but
I don't give a fuck oh yes we're gonna
leave the tag on - could I be any more
of a douche bag all right moving on
thank you Joe I really appreciate it
it looks like we've got another pair of
fucking leggings yes we've got the royal
blue ones the really bright royal blue
I'm so ready let's do it extra super
fucking yes
I really wish every single thing in the
entire world that you could buy offer
the option for a gift note alright let's
open this this is from Joseph Michaels
my BFF oh my god we have a Darth Vader I
have a ray now I have a Darth Vader this
is fucking awesome thank you so much Joe
I love these figures they're so high
quality you guys have to check these out
these are the yeah titanium series
they're like super intricately detailed
it's amazing I love these so much thank
you Joe the collectors edition trilogy
book no fucking way dude this is gonna
go right next to my VHS trilogy this is
this shit you guys are amazing I don't
deserve you take a drink don't die of
alcohol poisoning oh it's from Nina hi
Tara happy birthday whoo I hope you had
an awesome birthday week love you a ton
Nina it's not over yet in fact it's just
begun Wow
we've got sucks me out sucks I don't
have the Meowth socks but I think I have
a version of these socks that are a
little bit different where the heads of
the Pokemon are on the ends of the toes
these are so cute I literally have the
biggest collection of cute and nerdy
fucking socks for someone who rarely
wears socks but I adore them just the
same we've also got a Bulbasaur in the
middle but you can't see it we have to
look at the Bulbasaur I feel bad for
Bulbasaur because he's like no one's
favorite starter post in the comments if
you have respect for Bulbasaur as
starter I don't have Bulbasaur Sauk so
that's something I definitely don't have
and I love that it's a little bit like
Heather green these are definitely my
favorite thank you name yeah I love you
girl you guys are all so sweet for
thinking of me on my birthday this is
amazing until I started getting the
emails that I had a bunch of packages I
was thinking I wouldn't get very much
but once again spoiled to the point
where I am embarrassed I feel like I
should just like hide a bunch of these
but I want you guys to all get your
airtime here so you each can see my
appreciation cuz holy fuck if you guys
were all here I would give you a hug
that asphyxiated you that's how much I
love you
oh my god monopoly gamer is what it's
called battle for the highest score it's
kind of like fucking Mario Party but
monopoly I don't know why they're not
just calling it the Mario monopoly these
fucking figures are the cutest things
fucking ever look at this we got Mario
Peach Yoshi DK and there's so high
quality - thank you Shawn
you already know the Shawn but you're a
fucking God at gift-giving cuz oh my
fucking god
this is awesome thank you oh my god it's
a big boo one thing I've been missing
from my Nintendo plushie chair oh my god
it's a big boo this is sauce I have
little boos I have two little boos but I
don't have a big boo this is amazing I
can fist his whole mouth look at this
I can fist his mouth when you're
thinking about getting a plushie you're
like oh is it just one of those things
where they embroider the facial features
on or is it one where you can fucking
fist the mouth fist the mouth 10 out of
10 I don't know who sent this to me
fucking thank you I feel like even
though I'll never actually have
completed the Nintendo chair because
I'll always just add more this is one of
the things I've wanted for a long time
to complete it so cute thank you amazing
you guys titillating tantalizing oh oh
fucking no way oh my god who's this from
happy birthday misty hope your birthday
is awesome I know it will be thank you
for being an awesome friend for like
almost two years now I love you love
Demi PS James is totally gay fuck you
James is not gay but oh my god yes it's
the really expensive James and Meowth
fucking figure oh I've wanted this for a
long time and I'm actually starting to
set up all of my figures in the second
room that I'm gonna use for my gaming
channel and this is definitely something
I wanted for it oh my god
love James he's not gay I always wanted
him and Jessie to get together it's so
Japanese it even says kojirou and knee
arse
oh my god this is great and if you guys
don't remember James was my first crush
I don't know if he was just my first
non-human crush or if he was actually my
first crush overall but oh my god I
wanted to fuck him also look at the top
of this you can actually see inside the
pokeball area this box is fucking badass
ah thank you Demi I love it you're my
girl Oh
next we have a heavy ass motherfucking
box I don't even know like how do I open
this what is this it's a box in a box
this is a bunch of sex toys that I'm
gonna be making a video on and doing a
giveaway of and it's a really heavy
big-ass box of tons of sex toys so
coming soon hey BFF hope this letter
finds you well how is Vegas Howard J and
Eve great and greater sorry it took so
long to get everything off to you I have
not been in the best of health this year
part of the reason why I have not been
making videos in the past few months now
I'm so sorry to hear that I won't bore
you with the details as I know you hate
drama
that's not drama it's like something
wrong with my friend why would I not
care about that just know this you are
without a doubt the very best friend a
guy like me could ever have in his life
oh I love you Jo thank you for always
being there for me and for always
showing me how to be strong even in the
darkest of times our friendship has such
a great bond that we would never forget
one another fist pound for sure we even
remember each other's birthdays mine is
on December 15th
hint hint low like Star Wars I'll be 40
years old holy shit you did not look 40
that's crazy I love you Tara may the
force be with you sincerely your
adventures BFF Joseph Michaels the
adventurous Joe PS happy birthday BFF
love you there are two little stuffies
in there for you so sweet thank you so
much I hope you feel better and start
posting again you guys Joseph is a
youtuber as well if you want to support
him right now
I'll post his link down in the
description thank you so much Joe let's
see what you sent me oh this is really
cool it's like a Star Wars reusable
grocery bag I always like to use
reusable grocery bags but I always
forget mine at home I love it
it'll-it'll remind me to actually use it
and then we have oh my God look at this
x-men poster it's so cute Oh Cyclops is
so cute so fucking cute oh shit see
Kings it that means I can watch it with
Jay Jay's never seen the original it
this is gonna be fucking cool and it's
honestly been a while since I've watched
it but I think I like the original head
better than the new one this is - Jay so
I'm gonna give this to Jay and here's my
card
enjoy your very special day you have a
way of making every minute count by
finding adventure in the little things
lets you Joe
some people just wake up go to work go
home then repeat the same pattern the
next day but you give even the smallest
moments meaning happy birthday love mom
dad and your BFF Joseph thank you guys
so fucking much
Joseph tell mom and dad I say hi also
there's a cute little puppy on the front
of this this is adorable
these are stuffy's for Eve let's see how
she reacts to stuffy's Eve Eve she's
cautious but there she goes she's
probably gonna like pick it up and walk
away with it she's sniffing him I think
we have a winner
Thank You Joseph and injustice - closer
that's pretty cool
Austin lay it flat with something like a
book or something she's still over there
sniffing the toys alright my package
holy shit we've got rogue one a Star
Wars story in fucking hardback this is
crazy
then we've got a rogue one movie art
postcards oh this is fucking cool it's
like the movie box art but it's got like
this like really cool hologram around it
and then it's actually like hard it's
like on a plastic thing this is really
cool I like this a lot
then we've got Star Wars Canon first
blood Tsar wars obi-wan and Anakin one
about po-han droids unplugged this is
probably gonna be my favorite one and
colored your own Star Wars holy shit
this is like the coolest coloring book
ever
oh I'm not worthy thank you so freaking
much Joe it's crazy
alright now cut to me giving this to Jay
I don't know you're not worthy
show the camera don't you know how this
works
oh the dark The Dark Knight trilogy oh
nice
that's cool thank you thank you Joe
why didn't I get the Dark Knight trilogy
whoa well it's cool remember we started
watching really green watching them but
do we only watch the first one yeah it's
actually been wanting to rewatch it no
thank you Joe look now we've got a few
bigger things that's what she said oh
it's from Donald so you know is gonna be
shit I hope you have an awesome birthday
I wanted to make your day extra special
so I got you this take it out of the box
and try it on camera so your friends are
dying to see it in action what is this
going to be here what is this garbage
going to be oh my god are you fucking
kidding me I'm not gonna take this out
and try it on camera fuck you it's a
jigsaw it's a jigsaw one day maybe I
will need a jigsaw when I start to
fucking build my own furniture or
something or when my fiance Donald moves
in and I carve him up into pieces I
could think of more inventive trolls in
my sleep this is the biggest one we have
a few others but this one is the biggest
if it's from Donald I'm gonna puke
on my face whoa I will puke on my face
on my own face goddamnit oh holy shit
it's oh my god this is amazing
hi Tara I hope you enjoy your gift from
Josie this is actually like a NIMH
scratching post slash place to hang out
oh this is awesome
she's actually in the bag she was like
laying in there the other way it was so
cute oh yeah
kitty action she's like trying to
balance up there thank you Joe Eve
approves she also approves of the box
cats these days oh this is the
second-to-last package I'm pretty sure
the last being the one that my parents
sent me oh my fuck
no fucking way someone bought me this oh
one moment I'll tell you what this is in
a moment Oh Nina oh my god hi Tara more
soft toys for your neverending
collection a happy birthday love Nina
Nina got me the whole collection the
whole collection the plants vs. zombies
plushies oh my god I loved this game I
wish that they had another game that was
actually as good as the original oh my
god this is amazing this is so great
thank you so much Nina I love it
I've one of these forever these are
actually bigger than I thought too
sunflowers definitely my favorite
get your head out of there watermelon
this is such a cute fucking set I can't
even yay all right guys the moment of
truth I can't actually show you the box
because it has both my mom's address and
my address on it big shout out to my
parents too for sending me something on
my birthday I know they're not used to
me being away oh my god more stuffed
animal oh I should these are more
stuffed animals from my fucking my
parents house pull my tail I move a
little oh oh this is like a good
masturbation toy it could be like it's
totally discrete oh so good I remember
this guy T Y buddies and what is this oh
my god a card from my mom oh I don't
know these fucking sticky pads are but
we've got a little dolphin and a doggie
that says I love you Oh what are the big
ideas this is so cute and a bunny let's
read the card first before we open
whatever that is oh my god she sent me
money like always let's count the money
it's gonna be is it a 28 once 28 once
one two three four seven I'm sure
there's 28 there my mom is very good at
counting and money and numbers so I'm
gonna take her word for it I'm quite
awful at it but you know I can get a lot
of lap dances with this mom hooking me
up with the lap dance money thank you
and then let's go ahead and read the
card it's always a sappy card with them
always for my daughter from the day you
were born I wanted to give you a
wonderful life and protect you from
anything I thought could hurt you along
the way I've worried a lot
that's fucking true and sometimes I
still do we both know that
but it's only because I love you so much
this is like my mom actually writing
something it's retarded and now you're
creating your own path living your life
with the courage and grace to handle
whatever comes your way I just want you
to know that I couldn't be more proud of
you and I couldn't love you more happy
birthday
28th love mom and dad in my mom's
handwriting of course Xfinity sphere is
the painting from Mike's collection miss
you miss you too dude you guys better
come down in the summer and see me
probably real pissed all right hold on I
have to restart the thing before we open
the painting let's get this thing open
so I've talked a little bit about Mike
before but Mike is my favorite friend of
my parents and he passed away recently
and I asked them to get me a few of his
artwork pieces because he was an artist
of really weird shit and there we go
that's so fucking cool I love it that's
a nice little frame too and now I
appreciate Mike's weirdness more than
ever thank you guys so much I love the
sentimental gifts and everything that
you guys have done for me and that goes
for my parents tenfold and you guys in
the comment section who always support
me
anyone who sent to me anything today you
guys are fucking amazing this has been
the most amazing birthday the fact that
I have the means to take some time off
and spend it with Jay and doing things
that I've wanted to do for a long time
like get my CCW certification I'm gonna
go hiking tomorrow I went to the store
finally and bought a few things that
I've been wanting to buy from the malls
my first time at the mall yesterday
since I've been here in Vegas and I owe
a lot of how amazing my life is to all
of you guys so thank you so fucking much
it's been an amazing birthday I really I
can't speak to it enough you guys are
just awesome never stop being you and
thank you so fucking much I hope you
guys enjoyed this video like the video
and subscribe if you did I'll see you
guys next week for another Friday night
mail and don't forget to sign up for the
giveaway even though I didn't announce
the giveaway winner there will still be
a giveaway this week come here baby come
here
you're my baby I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry
so yeah giveaway in the description give
my friend Joe a follow thank you guys so
fucking much this is beyond imagining
for sure oh I don't deserve you guys I
love you so much
let's shake
my ass guys this shirt is so good for
bouncy boobs I guys think you're so
fucking much I love you so much oh my
god wha thank you mwah Eve says thank
you for the boxes
