hey guys welcome to a new episode of
anal bleaching for dummies I'm sorry I
missed last times Tara Reid's comments I
was getting my bad anal bleaching
reversed anyway let's start these
episodes should be way longer I agree
unfortunately people on YouTube have the
attention span of a gerbil so can't do
it I went to culinary arts school and a
friend showed me this
well the anime literally my inspiration
for working why because you want to
entrap anime girls and tentacles what a
weirdo
I used to crush on a girl in middle
school named Tara and now I have a crush
on a girl on YouTube named Tara damn you
life tears are either really hot or
morbidly obese yeah second I guess oh I
was close this time why is that a life
goal for so many people to be the first
commenter on a video I mean you know my
upload schedule so just get on at 5 or 7
or whatever it is this week and comment
first you must be really bad at getting
like concert tickets or PAX tickets on
time you're like damn and I showed up a
week late and I'm only second to the
people who are first there before it
runs out I guess analogies bad we have
the same birthday oh my god we're soul
mates fuck that I'm not sharing a
birthday with someone else Oh be awful I
have to get someone else a present on my
birthday
fuck that so where is the cheapest place
to buy tits that would boost my views
for sure best place to buy tits for
cheap is definitely Mexico bad luck
disgraceful sluts that's where you're
wrong I'm pretty graceful Tara would be
great in a vampire costume but she is
vegan vegan does not rule out the eating
of humans least in my case I would
definitely be down for some human blood
you said don't be a faggot I laughed
really hard I'm gay and I actually love
that you're not afraid to be politically
incorrect we need more people like you
on YouTube who aren't slaves to
political correctness
high-five 100% agree with that mmm
they're just fucking words as long as
they're not used with intent to harm or
in the wrong context who gives a shit
and even if they are we really need to
teach people to not be so sensitive
about things that other people say they
have a lot of Hawaii crybabies who could
just you know be more confident and
understand that the meaning behind what
people say on the Internet it's some
Rando trying to get a rise out of you
ignore it by the way in all honesty I
love fags equality now manga - really
Hira kid should be a little less
well-rounded no I've tried it just can't
do it just that awesome all right Sarah
yo shokugeki no souma goat yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah that what he was going for thank
you so much to you
Oh to me terror reviews mangoes this
channel can't get best er er er it can't
get best could I be second best you have
a natural beauty without makeup why wear
it cuz I like it no other reason the
music in the water levels is incredible
oh you mean this oh yeah totally added
it to my Spotify playlist but still fuck
water levels if you don't like change
and playable cards then play yu-gi-oh
let me stop you right there no one
should play you you next just send in
some love to your gaming channel shared
love you mark you're the best
oh my god I need more of this hilarious
game please upload more I'm behind on
huniepop I'll be uploading more soon I
promise
and that seems like a good place to stop
it's a very very very positive note I
would say let's go over to the floor
channel I'm taking notes I love to make
my girl skirt in my mouth mouth skirts
recommend that as a design for forever
21 or something talk about how to make a
long-distance relationship work better
end it and start dating someone in your
vicinity why are you so cool because I
live in Seattle and the climate is
finally cooled down huh
I feel like super kicking your boobs
since you have a warranty on them who
said I have a warranty on them you know
what I think I'm gonna return them also
wouldn't the warranty expire after like
a year there'd be a long ass warranty if
you know what the taste of cum is you're
a slut what normal sex turns into cum
drinking all non boring normal sex oh my
god says gay virgin I feel sorry for him
there's some guy that can only get off
to a girl sitting on a pound cake you
know you watch too much porn at that
point I mean what about like an ice
cream cake cold pussy
I agreed calm poo let will leave with
everything you said
oh my god why you know go back to
brunette Tara probably because that Tara
never existed I've been a redhead a blue
head a pink head I have never been a
brunette pocket pussy sigh continue to
eat noodles and drink to you as it
should be
I little pink snout Tara you are so cool
please answer where and Sewer Tara I had
a dream about us can I tell you or
question mark I prefer you didn't tell
me and rather you question marked thanks
for asking
see you for Babette ons passata no puto
no indeed I want to be like you when I
grow up I'm eight the power of being
able to interpret a sentence without
punctuation huh if it's gay to jerk
another man's dick but not your own and
it's gauge it's like another man is it
gay to suck yourself it's the burning
eternal question of all of humanity
sorry if it sounds weird are too
intrusive and you totally don't have to
answer and if you feel uncomfortable
this feel free to delete this but I'm
kind of curious as to what your bra
sizes really I could not be more
offended any comments that on the
fanservice where I'm in a bra the entire
time what does the society come to where
he thinks that I'm acting like that and
I would be offended at the question of
my bra size like really I have a seven
inch penis for 16 year-old I think
that's good he has a 17 inch penis for a
16 year-old that's some fucked up shit
and he's even condoning it thanks for
the info pervert you're a girl right
have a girl first with you like crazy
you don't see her for three days and
then after three days she's a bitch what
do you do okay here's what you do set
this bitch on fire and you tell her
you'll put her out when she stops acting
like a fucking cunt and sucks your dick
I need to put a disclaimer on this video
now
how about post sex Ed's twits off bitch
suck my fat dick really guys we need to
use punctuation and apparently he needs
to lose weight the rollers procced you
late rollers prostitute late needs to
lose weight but I'm not a rapper one guy
says may I jerk off on your tits and
another guy says I jacked off to your
titties in quick succession at 111 the
book live in the back moves
oh let's see it get them to sleep with
them gonna do more favors for them than
the person whoa that was weird
probably cuz I have a fan on and that's
not a booklet that's a Jimmy John's
napkin quite light aerodynamic question
would you ever have vag applies tea
I think that's the word if you weren't
happy with your vagina xxxx why would
plasti my vag Atty I mean you got a
saggy badger you got a plaster right no
other possible recourse alright guys I
hope you have enjoyed Tara Reid's
comments Jewish edition don't forget to
like the video subscribe the channel and
keep posting the most random fucking
shit in the comments I'll see you guys
in two weeks bye hey guys if you're
enjoying my free content you want to
keep my continent flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and support of
my youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you hey they
hopes hey their vlog and fanservice
lovers I just wanted to let you guys
know that I now have a serious upload
schedule every day is gonna be normal
update and topics vlogs except
Wednesdays are gonna be interchangeably
Tara Reid's comments and sex ed with
Tara so that means every other Wednesday
at Tara Reid's comment and every other
Wednesday is sex doesn't care and every
other Friday is gonna be Friday night
mail or fanservice Fridays and don't
forget to subscribe to this channel as
well as my gaming youtube at youtube.com
slash Tara back Cup games and if you
want to watch my gameplay live don't
forget to check out care about TV or
twitch.tv slash care about them
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
