hey guys I had a bit more time so I
thought I would cover one more just
making sure I'm not having a nip slip
anyway one more log topic before I go
and play retro night with Jay Jay's
actually editing one of my Sona videos
right now he does some of the editing on
the side for some of the easier
highlight videos that don't really
require any kind of like oh I like this
here and this there and like the kind of
Tara touch type thing and it's nice that
he's picking up a little bit of the
slack because I don't really trust
anyone else to do stuff like that for me
because I feel like they just wouldn't
have the same eye as me and it wouldn't
turn out as good anyway um so we're
gonna talk about cock holding now this
is a topic from a viewer I love it when
viewers give me topics because it is
kind of hard to think of them sometimes
and I'm not always passionate about one
specific topic and so for anyone who
doesn't know what cuckolding is it's
basically like anything that you do to
make your partner feel emasculated with
another guy and typically in porn it's
like a some pathetic guy watching his
girlfriend have sex with a much hotter
guy and in real life it's often like a
woman just cheating on her boyfriend and
he doesn't know about it and it's kind
of just like emasculating him by making
him look stupid and that kind of thing
so cuckolding is basically anything like
that it can also be a sexual fetish
where a guy actually just likes to sit
there and watch his girlfriend have sex
with someone else who's more manly and
more masculine and he likes that there
and masturbate or just enjoy it or
something um and people are asking what
I think of it
um I think it's pretty obvious if you
know anything about me that that's not
really my thing
but my standard stance on anything like
sexual preferences or sexual fetishes is
like whatever floats your boat I don't
have any ill-will toward anyone who's
actually interested in that and I would
be interested in doing it if I didn't
really know the guy who is being
cuckolded if that makes sense like we
could find someone who is like really
he's not very manly or something or he
likes that kind of thing and he likes
being tortured and he likes being
humiliated that kind of thing would be
fine if as long as I wasn't doing it to
the guy that I am hooking up with solo
if that makes any sense and that's
basically because I really like my man
to be masculine so it might you know
masculine eight hurt him more
or like making more you know it would
add to his virility basically if he was
doing that with me to someone else and
that would be perfectly fine it's not
something that I would say is really my
fantasy it's not something that I would
say is something I've always wanted or
something that I would even say yes to
like right on the spot if we found
someone but it's interesting and I'm
always interested in trying new things
I'm never against trying new things
really in bed unless it hurts me scars
mirrors just something that I find
disgusting like there are things that my
body cannot handle because I just find
them disgusting like scheisse for
instance like scheisse porn no thank you
very much oh my god two girls one cup
like ill the worst but if anyone says
that they're into that kind of thing I
don't really have any ill-will toward
them I you know fucking people have
different tastes that's just how it is
and that's something that I feel like a
lot of people should adopt is viewing
things like that because it's so
annoying when I see in my comments and
I've talked about this before but it's
so annoying seeing in my comments
someone being like I don't get people
hair into feet I don't get people hurt
into that all these weird perverts who
are into this and that everyone has a
thing everyone has something that they
are turned on specifically by that's
kind of weird and it might not be
something that's gross it might just be
something that is like a normal object
but like a girl in a certain kind of
thong and that's like the hottest thing
in the world when real it really it's
just another pair of underwear or a girl
in like knee-highs or something like
there are a bunch of little things that
are sexier to you than other people
meshes because you have some certain
preference or some kind of you know
thing that reminds you of another thing
or some kind of smell that makes it
better it's just its preference and we
should kind of enjoy the fact that
there's so much versatility and you know
uniqueness in the world and so many
different people that like different
things it makes finding someone that
actually is compatible with you more
interesting the fact that you can find
someone who's different but also like
some similar things and you can bond
based on that or you can like you're not
just sifting through the same guy or the
same girl when you're dating or looking
for someone that everyone's different
and the little quirks are what makes
everything special and that's something
that I hold on to because I'm not not
is that like every single person is very
different and it's a different
experience and one might not be better
than the other it might just be
different and it's it's a great healthy
way to look at things because I feel
like a lot of people hold animosity like
immediately like with a snap of a finger
with a snap of fingers at something that
they don't understand and instead of
like braiding something you don't
understand you should kind of try to put
yourself in their shoes and if you can't
put yourself in their shoes just be like
wow it's a mystery to me that's
interesting when someone tells me that
they're interested in something that I'm
not interested in or they're turned on
by something that I'm not turned on by
I'm more interested in talking to them
about it like why is this like how is
this experience for you was there
anything in your past that made you feel
this way was there like a girl or
someone who swayed you away from a
certain thing and it's interesting to
talk to people about that so that's my
view on cuckolding and my view in
general on weird fetishes or weird
things that happen that I'm not
necessarily into so yeah I hope you
enjoyed this mmm
that's my little inside joke for all of
you guys who remember that I look really
weird when I wink I don't look cute when
I wink I've tried to wink and I still do
it to people I will still do it in
public to people and be like hey and
shit I just know that I'm like my face
is just like convulsing and half of its
paralyzed and I look like a donkey but I
like doing because it's fun I'm sure
practicing yeah all right guys I'll see
you next time bye hey guys we are doing
my free content you want to keep my
content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars and supported my YouTube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you
anything hopes heythere's vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic vlogs except
Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comments
and every other Wednesday is sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is going to
be Friday night male
or fanservice Fridays and don't forget
to subscribe to this channel as well as
my gaming youtube at youtube.com slash
care bat top games and if you want to
watch my gameplay live don't forget to
check out care about TV or push on TV
slash care about gun subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
