hey guys today I want to talk about sex
in the workplace and specifically any
kind of personal relationships in the
workplace I have unfortunately I guess
never had a real job so I don't really
have any experience with this but I've
been watching Parks and Rec in the
office and stuff like that and I've seen
it happen or it come up a lot on those
shows and on a bunch of different shows
where a workplace is present and I think
it's absolute bullshit so I want to talk
to you guys about it and see if you guys
have any experience with it or any
problems with it and it is the policy
that you cannot date to have sex with or
marry anyone who is your superior or
inferior or co-worker and I think that's
absolute bullshit first of all the main
reason is because I don't think that
your work should ever be able to dictate
what you do in your personal life at all
whatsoever the second reason is I think
that all of the reasons that that policy
is put in place are just practically
bullshit right okay so let's go over the
first reason why a lot of companies will
do that and that is that they don't want
anyone giving anyone any fair unfair
treatment now imagine someone who is
attracted to someone else which is
probably gonna happen in the workplace
and it's inevitable regardless of policy
isn't that person who's attracted to the
person trying to get them to sleep with
them gonna do more favors for them than
the person who's already dating them I
mean it makes more sense when it's more
low-key to be like oh this girl's gonna
have sex with me if I if I do something
really nice for her maybe she'll have
sex with me like that kind of thing
motivates men and women sometimes a lot
more than just having a mate
now you might actually stick up for the
mate if some big huge catastrophe is
happening but in terms of like a little
unfair favors you're gonna do that more
to the person you have a crush on who
hasn't yet given it up to you then the
person you've been married with for 10
years and that to me just makes no sense
they're still gonna do favours you're
still gonna be attracted to the person
and you're still gonna hope that maybe
something will you know Kindle the fire
enough for them to actually sleep with
you so doing favors is gonna happen
regardless of whether or not they're in
an official relationship the second
reason is because what was the other
reason I totally forget oh because they
don't want to be
dude or get in trouble if that couple
breaks up and I think that's kind of
ridiculous because first of all just put
in place something that you have to sign
when you become a worker at the place
that says you're never gonna sue anyone
for any personal relationships they have
it work like it's not hard you can just
like have HR have a copy of that just
insert it in there so I think the whole
like like disclosing your your new
relationship with HR the time it comes
up is kind of stupid and making a big
deal out of it and stuff like that um
another thing that I think is kind of
ridiculous
is the fact that they're putting this
rule on people so there's no drama in
the workplace when these people who are
working are fucking adults they can do
what they want and it's basically just
like treating people like their children
or treating people like they they can't
behave themselves in a you know
professional manner and I just think
that's absolutely ridiculous when I was
in school I was waiting like I was
really excited for the time when I would
be out of school because I felt like
school dictated too much of what I was
allowed to do and what I was and was not
allowed to do one of the anecdotes I
have is a I used to skip school a lot
because school is very easy and quite
boring and I used to skip school and I
was walking home from school one day and
I wasn't feeling well
and one of the the security guards for
the school pulled up next to me and was
like you can't be doing this we're gonna
take you to the principal's office and
we're gonna get you in trouble and I'm
like it's my body it's my time I should
be able to do what the fuck I want I'm
18 years old and I was a I'm one of the
older kids in my grade so when I was in
when I was a senior I was 18 years old
and I wasn't 18 years old when I was
going to high school but I was in
college when I was like 16 or 17 no I
was 16 to 18 I was in college at the
same time as being enrolled in high
school and in college you could show up
at any time you wanted you could take
any a number of classes as long as I
took enough classes to get my high
school credits I didn't even have to
work toward college credits even though
I did but it was so weird to me that I'm
still not 18 yet and I'm not being told
what to do anymore and I can just like
drive down there whatever the fuck I
want heavily
two hour days while I'm in high school
while I'm in like sanctioned I don't
know the actual word for it but like
actual sanctioned public high school it
made no sense to me that when I was 16 I
couldn't walk home and I meant to say 16
not 18 I couldn't like walk home when I
wasn't feeling well on my own without
like going through this huge ridiculous
amount of like calling my parents like
okay and make sure making sure I was
actually sick like all that stuff was
just ridiculous to me it's my body and
it's a free country I should be able to
do what I want and I was excited to get
out of school so that I felt that way
and then all of these rules that they're
you know imparting on you in work like
that's just ridiculous to me and I know
a lot of people put a lot of effort and
time into their work and it's like their
second home or whatever so it makes
sense but for me if I was going to go to
a nine-to-five job it would be like the
place where I have to go in order to
make money and it wouldn't be a huge
part of my life I wouldn't bring work
home with me I wouldn't you know make it
something that's a huge part of my life
so for them to dictate what I can't do
for the rest of my life or to keep me
away from the love of my life or the sex
of my life just doesn't make any fucking
sense to me whatsoever and I want to
hear from you guys like is there any
actual viable reason that you can't get
around with logic and just being a
fucking professional adult that makes
sense for a company to say you cannot
date this person even if it's outside of
work I understand no PDA I understand
you know not being able to go to certain
sites that might get viruses on your
computer I understand you know making
sure that that you're using the
company's time correctly all these
things just make sense to have a you
know smoothly running company but you
can't say hey you guys can't be friends
outside of work or hey you'll hung out
with Juliet last night hmm well that's
okay now did you have sex with her yes
well that's not okay you're fired that
just it doesn't make any sense to me and
I know there have been a lot of problems
that arise but you know even as adults
you make you make mistakes and you
should be allowed to make those mistakes
you should be allowed to live your life
because work is not some kind of
terrible you know dictatorship where one
person is telling you how the rest of
your life is gonna go like I would just
quit that place and go somewhere else
and it just doesn't make any sense to me
so that kind of outraged me that there
was such a huge issue
in Parks and Rec about that and in
general I'm just like screaming at
screens where stupid shit is happening
and I'm like I'm so glad I'm not a part
of a community like this that would be
fucking awful
so yeah and I totally understand not
being able to have sex at work like that
makes sense you know that's kind of
gross to some people it's kind of hot to
others but I don't think there should be
any issue I don't think anyone should
actually feel like oh they're gonna give
that person you know special treatment
because they're whatever the fuck you
know nepotism is something that you have
to watch for and just you know reprimand
but you can't say that you can't work
with so and so because nepotism might
happen or you can't say you can't work
with so-and-so because you know she's
attractive and you're attractive and you
guys might do favors for each other
because you wanted each other's pants
it's just very childish to mean it's
something that seems kind of like all
inclusive in the handbook of logic for
human beings you know so nobody's like
video subscribe to the channel also
check out my gaming channel please
because my gaming channel is booming
right now it has a lot of well bye
booming I mean I'm trying to make it
boom by adding new content so it's got a
bunch of really cool all over the place
content I'm gonna start a series or I
did start a series and the first episode
is uploaded entitled Tara's manga review
I reviewed food Wars which is pretty
awesome they're really quick videos
where you get to see me full screen like
this and I talk about something I'm very
passionate about which is manga and I
also I'm going to bring back every other
week the series where I do a list of
something so I think next week is going
to be top 10 hottest girls and games and
then the week after that I'll do another
manga review and I'll switch off like
that and then also I'm gonna start up a
whole series of Veigar highlights
because I play Veigar so often he's my
main and now that he's a little bit more
popular I think more people would be
interested in watching me play him
because I was like the original fucking
Veigar main like nobody played him very
much
and so I really loved him and I made a
whole new overlay for that and I think
it's gonna be cool so don't forget to
check that out I would really appreciate
a subscribe on my gaming channel and
that's youtube.com slash Tara Babcock
games I love that channel so much I like
talking to you guys about philosophy and
stuff but that channel like making the
content there just gets me really
excited
sad to see that it doesn't have as many
comments there or whatever because I put
a lot of work into it I put a lot more
work into it than here I mean I think a
lot about the things I'm gonna say here
and some of the you know episodes like
sex ed or fanservice or fm they have a
lot of work put into them but it's not
like fuck ton of editing a fuck ton of
playing a fuck ton of just enjoying
games so yeah bye guys thanks for
watching please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supported my YouTube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything helps hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is gonna be
normal update and topic blogs except
Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Terry's comment and
every other Wednesday at sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Friday's
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming youtube and
youtube.com slash Tara bat top games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out care about TV
or twitch.tv slash care about go
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
