hey guys someone suggested I talk about
a prostitution in a sex ed video but I
don't think that would be a good sex ed
topic because what I want to talk about
is highly philosophical and is less
teaching people about things rather than
exploring my thoughts and opinions about
something and when that's the case I
would rather do it in a vlog than a sex
ed topic because sex ed is more about
just teaching you the basics or teaching
you different tips and tricks that
actually work that are proven to work
that are proven to be healthy and I
don't really want to push my own
personal agenda on there so I like to
talk more about philosophy on my vlog
Channel so um first time I talked about
why Society sees prostitution is such a
terrible and degrading and horrible
profession that only like people who who
are drug addicts or you know just
basically the losers of society should
be doing and I think it's highly because
of the fact that society sees sex as
something that should be taboo and
should be you know everyone is in a
monogamous relationship and if you use
your body to do anything then you are
less of a person and that if you're
using your body to get ahead or using
your body to get money that you can't
possibly be using your mind so it's kind
of like that stigma makes it so that any
woman who has sex with a lot of people
or has looser sexual morals or sexual
standards is less of a person and
therefore disgusting and therefore you
know doesn't deserve to be treated with
respect and in that regard anyone who
actually elects to have the profession
of being a hooker or a whore is crazy
because they're electing to basically be
treated worse in their lives and they're
electing to have a worse life and be in
a position where people treat them
poorly and that's kind of the same
concept around why I don't want to be a
porn star and why I would never be a
call girl or a hooker even though I like
sex so much and even though I'm so
liberal about my sexual opinions and
what I like in sex is that I'm not going
to elect to you know hang out with a
bunch of drug addicts or you know do
stuff like that because someone who
elects to have that kind of lifestyle
where they're being treated poorly based
on society's standards is basically you
know they're just electing to live that
way and that's not something I want to
do it's not something I want to subject
myself to it just seems unfair to me to
be treated that way or to like push
people to treat me that way
I really am passionate about helping
people understand that sex is natural
that sex is fine and that's why I talk
about these things and that's why I
elect to have that life in a small
capacity where I'm sitting in front of
my camera and I'm not afraid to say that
I like sex I have sex all the time this
is what I like in sex and talk about it
in a more candid fashion because I am
really passionate about making people
understand that there's nothing wrong
with having sex it's so funny that
people think only one way and they can't
think outside the box and they can't
think about different situations or
different preferences in life so they
grow up with the societal stigma that
anyone who uses their body to get ahead
is you know cheap or you know a terrible
person and then you know they have like
whatever they were raised to think and
they can never think otherwise they can
never think that maybe what isn't OK to
them with their moral compass it might
be perfectly fine for someone else and
it works for them and I can imagine a
society where being a prostitute
especially like a high-end call girl
type prostitute would be a very
sought-after job because you know sex is
let's say it's very powerful and it's
very beautiful for a woman to you know
have a lot of you know sexual partners
that she chooses based on what she likes
and that I can imagine a different
society which would be kind of more like
my utopia where you know the strong
intelligent beautiful women run the you
know land or in the country whatever and
they just like sit on their throne and
get to pick which man they want and
their understanding of the fact that
they are insatiable sexually and if the
man gives them money why does that make
it so bad like for me I would never be
an actual hooker or porn star because of
the whole lifestyle I would have to
leave lead and the people I would have
to spend the time with the people who
are not in their right mind and stuff
like that um I don't do it because of
that but I'm not worried about people
calling me a whore like like I know a
lot of people are gonna think that if I
have my boobs out on camera or something
that I'm using that only and I don't
actually look like that in real life
which I definitely do
I actually cover up a little bit for
videos and stuff because I don't want to
get flagged especially for you too
or you especially for twitch because
twitch is kind of more strict on that
policy which is kind of weird but I
don't do it for you guys I do it for
myself
I do it because it's comfortable I do it
because I like it I do it because I
think my sexuality is healthy and
beautiful and I enjoy it and it just
feels right and it feels like me that's
like Who I am that's how I want to
portray myself and that's how I feel I
am inside and I don't really have a
problem with someone calling me a whore
because of that I don't care what other
people think
but I'm going to not elect to have to
surround myself with certain people and
certain like low health standards
because of that so I'm kind of doing
like a middle ground thing and like I
can't imagine why logically it would be
wrong for it let's say you have sex with
a guy and it's kind of like a pity fuck
and it was just like an emotional like
time and he was sad or something and you
made him feel better and the next day
he's like I really appreciate what you
did for me like that sexual release and
that closeness for a night really made
me feel a lot better and you guys
continue to be friends but you don't
really have sex that often and then he
ends up buying you a present because he
wants to make you feel good the way you
made him feel good no that's not
technically prostitution but on the
other end of the spectrum technically it
is prostitution why would there be
anything wrong with that I would not
object to something like that I'm I
don't know like for me the reason I
don't do these things isn't because I
hate it or because I think the you know
the whole profession or the whole you
know specificity of it is disgusting
it's just it doesn't meet my standards
of lifestyle and it also doesn't meet my
standards of what I want to do with my
my sexuality and my sexual partners like
I'm like as I said in the video entitled
why don't you porn I kind of like it
turns me on the aspect of being more
exclusive and having sex with people who
I respect because it's like kind of a
privilege that you get to you know enjoy
my blowjobs enjoy this and that and
that's something that turns me on and if
I don't have that aspect it's less sexy
to me so therefore I like to conduct my
way myself in a way that you know makes
me feel sexy
and going over why people are so
stigmatized about sex and using sex at
all or being sexy in especially in media
is that like sex sells really hard
because people really enjoy sex but for
some reason they don't really want to
admit it
so they look down on people who use sex
but really anyone who is pushing any
kind of content uses different
techniques so why would you not use
everything you have in order to boost
your you know content that you're
working so hard for it makes no sense to
me to not do that so like I don't even
hate on girls who wouldn't normally have
their cleavage out but then do for a
video I'm not like that but do I hate on
that no if they are really working hard
in their content and they really want
their content to be seen then why not
attract people that way and if people
come into the content and realize that
it's not that great of content and she's
actually only in it to show off her tits
and get attention or get money people
will realize that and they won't back
the content it's just a marketing ploy
it's just a part of you it's something
that you have like your looks your
personality why are those two things so
polar opposites like you have to work
hard on your looks you don't even have
to work hard on your personality usually
you might have to work hard on your
intelligence but you're also working
hard on your looks most of the time
especially if you're more of a
glamorized style of beauty which a lot
of people seem to hate on more than the
natural style of beauty why should I
have to hide something about myself when
other people don't have to hide their
you know charisma or you know their how
funny they are their sense of humor like
I don't want to hide anything about
myself I want to show every single
aspect of myself and use everything I
have like oh I'm a niche because I'm a
girl who plays video games and actually
really enjoys it and I'm also you know
considered mainstream you know
mainstream ly attractive or and I'm also
funny and I'm also witty and I'm also
really crude with my humor and how I
talk and I cuss a lot and there are many
reasons why you would watch my content
it's not solely because of my breasts or
the fact that sex sells or whatever and
I feel like I am set apart from anyone
who just uses their boobs and has no
other you know has no other reason no
redeeming content because
actually really fucking care about games
and if I was just a girl who really
cared about games but I'm like this and
I'm uncomfortable and I feel like not
myself and I'm like well I'm doing this
to get more respect
that's like fake respect it's not real
respect it's just society feeling like
they're being gypped because I'm taking
the easy way out and really I work
really hard and as long as you work
really hard and as long as you're good
at what you do and as long as you love
what you do who cares what other people
think and you should do whatever it
takes to make your content be seen you
shouldn't you know pay for marketing you
should you know try to be funnier you
should ask your viewers what you want
and then what they want and then do what
they want so that more people are
watching your content as long as the
part where it goes over the line is when
someone is doing something that they're
not morally okay with like if a girl is
like well I have to show my boobs like
and that is where you get into like it's
really not okay for you to be hurting
yourself emotionally and physically just
to make money that's like a character
flaw you care so much more about money
than your own moral standards you know
what I'm saying so in another society I
can totally understand prostitution
being okay and if someone's a prostitute
I don't look down on them if they are
having a terrible life and that's why
they have to subject themselves to a
career path that people won't respect
them for them I it's like I understand
that they had to do that for their
family or I understand that's the only
job that they can get or that's the only
way that they can make money you have to
make money to make the world go round to
make your world go around to pay for
things to support your family to support
yourself and there's nothing wrong with
doing that as long as your intentions
behind it or not to hurt other people or
to hurt yourself so when I think of
things like what's wrong and what's
right to me it's like I have my own
wrong and right and I follow that line
and everyone else should follow their
own and do whatever the hell else they
should do and I don't know what it's
like to live in the life of someone who
is poor or someone who is addicted to
drugs or someone like who is homeless
like I always think like why are
homeless people homeless shouldn't they
just get jobs and then I think okay
there are actually normal homeless
people who are not suffering from
psychological distress or PTSD or some
kind of dementia or you know
some kind of disease like why are they
there I don't know so I'm not gonna like
summarize it to say I shouldn't be
saying all that guys piece of shit
because I don't know anything about his
life and you don't know anything about
most people's lives and you should just
you know be curious and follow your own
moral compass but not worry so much
about what other people are doing so for
me prostitution in this society is a
very dirty job but the idea of
prostitution I I don't have anything
wrong with that at all I don't see
anything wrong with that it's just sex
people want sex there's a supply there's
a demand like why not and I would like
it if society could understand the urges
of sex more and then that the how
natural sex is and how monogamy isn't
the end-all be-all of having sex with
someone and it just kind of embraced
that more because I really feel like in
that alternate the alternate
civilization that I talked about where
you know the strong smart you know woman
ruler will have sex with men and Men
will give her money or whatever and you
know that's like a privilege for the man
or something like that society you know
prostitution would be more sanctioned it
would be more controlled there would be
no STDs it would be safer it would be
not looked down upon people could have
normal lives people could get different
jobs like it would just not be something
that people look down on them for so I
guess I hope that I did this justice I
feel like it was better in my head but I
always feel that way so I hope you
enjoyed this and I will see you guys
tomorrow I'm gonna do a video on sex in
the workplace and how stupid I think
some of the rules are and if you guys
have any other topics please let me know
because I'm open to covering everything
I thought I wouldn't be open to covering
depression and suicide but I did that
because I don't know I just wanna hurt
anyone who I care about and I care about
you guys and it's not so much as I don't
want to hurt you guys as feelings it's
like I don't want to seem apathetic or
anything like that about anything
because I really am more logical than I
am emotional it's very hard for me to
show emotions and gratitude and I feel
like I need to show more gratitude
sometimes but I'm doing my best and I
love you guys thank you for watching
oby has enjoyed it and I hope you
understand where I'm coming from bye hey
guys we're joined by free content you
want to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars in support of my
youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
helps hey there vlog and fan service
lovers I just wanted to let you guys
know that I now have a serious upload
schedule every day is gonna be normal
update and topic blogs except Wednesdays
are going to be interchangeably Tara
Reid's comments and sex ed with Tara so
that means every other Wednesday at
Terry's comment and every other
Wednesday at sex 7 care and every other
Friday is gonna be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara
bathtub games and if you want to watch
my gameplay live don't forget to check
out care about TV or twitch.tv slash
care about go subscribe and don't forget
to smile bye guys
