hey guys I'm trying to get a day ahead
in my blog so today as well as recording
the Friday night mail i'm also going to
be recording a vlog um to introduce this
i'm gonna say and this is kind of
off-topic but i'm assuming a lot of you
guys who follow me on instagram or who
follow me here or on my gaming channel
or my stream also follow me on instagram
because it's kind of like the same thing
it's like sexiness plus games plus my
life that kind of thing so if you follow
me there please follow these certain
ground rules if you're going to talk
shit about someone that supports me or
someone that i consider a friend like
the new guy or something which is
something that was happening recently he
was getting a lot of flack just for
answering questions for me and being
super supportive by a bunch of jealous
idiots who just like called him creepy
and awful it was like the worst thing
ever and it made me so fucking mad i
instantly banned them if you are talking
shit about people I care about you're
gonna get instantly bandits way worse
than talking shit about me don't fucking
do that it doesn't make me respect you
it just makes me hate you it makes me
like actually delete you from my whole
existence so don't fucking do it and
don't act like that's going to impress
me it just makes you look pathetic so
don't do it I'll fucking kill you I
support my friends and the people who
support me and my dreams liked a new guy
much more than I am worried about people
talking shit about me so if you want to
see something bad if you having a bad
day and you want to take it out on
someone go ahead and take it out on me
call me a whore or whatever I don't give
a shit don't talk about my friends just
don't do it just don't do it anyway
speaking of the new guy he has been
asking me to do this topic for a really
long time so I'm finally doing it ah um
we're gonna talk about the important
people in my life for the people that I
love um I don't have that many and I
didn't really know how long this topic
would go because of that so um I'm
actually gonna go in like it was kind of
weird like I'm pretty private and the
only person that actually really knows
me and spends any amount of time with me
at all is Jay and like I get really
bored of people easily I've never gotten
bored of Jay I get really annoyed and
there's a lot of deal breakers with
knowing people intimately like I'll find
someone and be like oh he's kind of cool
he's kind of interesting and then like
10 minutes later he'll do something
absolutely awful or a month later
doesn't matter that is like kind of like
oh I don't really want to waste any more
time with this person so they've
go into the acquaintance pile and
there's like a thousand billion people
that I know and then I spend time with
like if I'm at a modeling shoot and
there's people that I've worked with
often or people that you know go hang
out at the same place as they hang out
with a tour like when I used to go to
starcraft conventions and Starcraft
tournament and when I go to magic
tournaments all that stuff there's
people that I know there's a lot of
people that I know and because i'm so
confident now going a lot of people will
flock to me and i'll have people in my
group and i've never really alone but
that doesn't mean I really consider
those people friend friends I don't know
if it's because I hold the word friend
to a higher standard but I don't like
invite people over to my house I don't
go to parties I don't go over to other
people's houses when I have free time
whenever I do have free time I prefer to
spend it on the couch hanging out with
Jay watching TV playing video games and
having sex like that's what I want to do
I feel like anything else is kind of a
waste of time so I don't really hang out
with people that often like I'll carpool
with Jesus to magic and we'll spend the
day at Magic and we'll talk and we'll
hang out and in between rounds will be
sitting together and we'll be talking
about things but I don't like it's been
a long time since I've been to any kind
of like party with him or he's come over
here anything like that's just not
something that I do and I feel like a
lot of people feel pressure to do stuff
like that and when I say that the people
who watch my channel or who watch my
streams or who comment in the comments
section feel more like family and
friends than my actual family and
friends I actually mean that like I'm
more interested in reading the comments
section that I am going out to some
house party of my friends that I
consider to be my friends in real life
it's really weird I feel like I connect
more with someone when it's kind of like
a superficial we have the same interests
we're both into games or manga or you
know we're both into you know exploring
the psychology or sociology like that
kind of thing is more interesting to me
like talking to you guys and
appreciating that you guys support me
that's more interesting than going to a
party with my friends and moreover I've
always felt like it's kind of fucked up
that my real life friends don't actually
support my um my gaming career and my
vlogging career as much as you guys do
it's like fans or closer friends than my
friends are and my friends are just like
obviously trying to be cool if I not
supporting it that much but I mean my
subscribe
is on my my twitch channel a lot of my
friends aren't even my subscribers in
fact I only like one friend other than
Jay who is actually taking money out of
our joint bank account to be a
subscriber just to show his support
because he's actually a friend I've
always thought it was kind of ridiculous
like if I had a friend who had a startup
business or who had a Kickstarter
campaign or a patreon campaign like
anyone I know who is a patron on my
patreon like 3x gaming and there's this
guy Mike Stone that writes really cool
like German erotica and then um the guy
who does German eyes me or whatever like
I'm a patron on all their patreon
accounts because I feel like as someone
with push and as someone who should be a
friend I should be supporting the thing
that they're putting their heart and
soul into and trying to succeed at right
like it's not like i'm working at nine
to five and i'm asking my friends to
show up to my 925 and do things for me
i'm trying to make my dreams come true
and i have my own business and they're
not really supporting me are showing
interest in that so it's kind of like
fuck my acquaintances but that being
said other than jay i do have a few
people my family and a few people in
history who have been really good
friends to me who i will always consider
to be important to me um my parents
first of all I'm an only child my mom's
name is Mary my dad's name is Bob which
is kind of funny and they were really
great to me but for me I don't see
family like blood relation as something
that's as like end all be all like you
can't really choose your family so when
the family that you're given is really
amazing like my family has been I see
them more as like really good friends
like they're on a really good friends
list but friends that I wouldn't want to
live with and when I spend too much time
with them they get really annoying and
they can kind of be overbearing because
their parents so it's kind of like that
like I really appreciate everything that
my parents have done for me and I
wouldn't be myself it warm for them and
how much freedom they gave me and how
much guidance they gave me in the right
direction they didn't they didn't push
their morals on me which is something i
think is terrible when a parent does
that they didn't tell me exactly how to
be in my life or try to like live
vicariously through me and like ruin my
childhood years pushing me to be some
kind of like pageant girl or something
they kind of just like fault they're
like whatever you want to do make your
own mistakes will guide you along the
way will tell you some things that you
can and can't do but most of all we're
just going to
for the things that you want and when I
every phase I went through they really
supported me in that like when I was a
tomboy when I thought modeling was cool
when I you know got into makeup like my
parents have always been there to
support me and be like yeah whatever you
want to do you do it just be happy and
that's something that I'm trying to pass
on to you guys as well and a philosophy
that I think a lot of people don't
really understand but anyway so my mom
and my dad are really great I'm actually
kind of shocked how amazing they turned
out since the rest of our family is like
a bunch of fucking ingrate retards and
they're always there's always a bunch of
drama and it's funny how like my mom my
dad kind of distanced themselves from
the rest of my family and I don't really
care about the rest of my family I don't
have like a huge extended family with
cousins and aunts that I really give a
shit about they're just kind of people
that I see like once every couple years
and it's like no whatever i wish i was
doing something else like playing games
um next I have my best friend since I
was really really young um his name is
Chris I don't I don't talk to people
very often so these people that I
consider be my considered to be my best
friends are just kind of there when I
need them if I ever do need them but I
don't really need them because I've Jay
and they're just people that I really
appreciate as people because we had a
really good history together so Chris
and I Chris was my best friend when we
were growing up I it was like one of the
first real people that I kind of had a
crush on but never really actually had a
crush on kind of thing it's weird um and
he we played every video game together
we explored every crappy game we played
like tons of games and I had a bunch of
guy friends but Chris was the one that
would come over every day and we would
just play games we would play outside we
would go biking we were like best
friends so I will always appreciate him
and I will always consider him a friend
the next person is ashley ashley is my
best girlfriend she has been so since
fourth grade or something she's a half
white half viet girl and she even though
we have different life styles and
different interests and different points
in our lives where we don't really see
each other that often i will always
consider her my best female friend and
whenever i do see her it's kind of cool
we like it to gossip and she was like i
never really had that many girlfriends
so i really appreciated having her even
though she wasn't like you know always
on board with the things that i like
she's not like a huge gamer she's not
like a huge person who's into like metal
or whatever interest I have but it's
just someone that I can gossip with and
be a girl with which is really nice
and she gets to tell me anytime we go
get our nails done together she'll tell
me what people are saying about me
because she's Vietnamese and speaks it
which is kind of cool um and I like that
about her she's got a cute little little
knows that I've always been jealous of
and she's a cool girl next my other best
friend girl is Zhang via or live in pink
who used to be a streamer for starcraft
and dota and legal legends and um she is
one of the only girls in the gaming
community that I ever really got that
close to so I consider her to be really
good friend and whenever we can travel
together whenever we can room together
which has happened a few times she's
really like minded to me which is kind
of funny because she comes off as very
shy and de mujer de Muir I can't say
that word sounds like manure but anyway
um we have a lot of similar interests
and a lot of same lifestyle views and I
think she's very intelligent which is in
my opinion quite rare for most women
because they seem to be kind of hindered
by a bunch of stigmas and let's just
knock it into that it's kind of hard to
find women who are on the same page as
me and she really is and we really hit
it off at any time we're together we
have a lot of fun and it's just great
another friend of mine that I have two
friends from the world of warcraft phase
of my life that i will always consider
friends one's name is John but his
in-game name is banting so I always call
him that and another is kit and his
in-game name is coldest and a bunch of
other things those two people are very
important to me banting had a crush on
me for a while and we were just always
been friends like he came to LA because
he lives in the area and he used to live
in Seattle and we just hung out a lot
around conventions and he's a great guy
um coldest it was weird he was always it
always felt like he was one of those
guys that kind of hated me because I'm
not his type you know the kind of nerdy
guy that um that has a lot of interests
and kind of just likes the plane
brunette girl and kind of hates on the
blonde girl well after he we stopped
being in the same guild together I
messaged him and I'm like why do you
hate mean he's like I don't hate you and
then we kind of got to talking and then
we really started being really close
friends and I don't talk to him as much
anymore he is in the army and he always
tells me these really cool stories and
make me think he's like a huge badass
and we like a lot of the same games and
he shows me movies and shows me music we
would send
music to each other and I feel like he's
a strong emotional friend that I will
always considered to be a friend um who
else is there there are a few others
read he is my Korean friend met him
through i think it was starcraft i think
i met him through starcraft either way
he played starcraft and league and other
games with us and um I know him in real
life as well he is tall and Korean and
adorable and he's also in the Korean
army I actually offered to marry him so
that he didn't have to go into the
Korean army but um for some reason I
don't know if he thought I was joking or
he thought that would be too difficult
but now I can like say it because we're
not actually doing it and he's out now
and I just wish you would come back to
America because he used to live in
America you slid in Seattle and then LA
and all that stuff so I saw him quite
often um and yeah I really loved him as
well he i would consider him to be my
second best friend after Jay and I think
that's pretty much it i feel like i hope
i'm not doing anyone injustice excuse me
I've had a lot of like acquaintances or
half friends or people that I've known
or people that have been close to me for
for a period but those are the people
that I you know have gratitude for being
a really good friend and being there for
me and means something to me even though
they're not always around anymore its
kind of weird it's like a lot of people
only have friends in the moment if they
stop seeing that front they're not
friends anymore like work friends if you
get a new job you're not friends with
that person anymore well those are the
people in my life that will always be
considered a friend and we can always
just immediately pick up where we left
off so yeah hope you guys enjoyed this
let me know who is important in your
life and if you feel the same way as me
I feel like it's very rare that someone
doesn't just thrive on being around
people all the time I have my one friend
I have Jay everyone else is just kind of
inconsequential but you know I'm still
have like it's like I have Jay and you
guys and that's it and that's all that
matters to me i love the social
interaction i get with you guys and any
more social interaction is kind of like
well i better be playing video games for
the social interaction because otherwise
i don't want to be doing it type of
thing i don't like parties I don't like
pointless getting together I like to
make I like to have a purpose to
everything that I do so I'm going to a
magic tournament I'm being really
competitive and
if I'm going to a Starcraft tournament
I'm furthering my gaming career or being
competitive or you know watching
starcraft was just something that I love
it's got to be since then I love I can't
just like have a gathering of people and
be like oh there's a lot of people this
is great and just sit around and talk or
sit around and do nothing to me it just
doesn't really make any sense i would
rather make my time doing something that
I love or furthering something that I
love and I don't have much time anyway
these days and I don't make time for
hanging out with friends because I just
would rather play video games and relax
in my free time and I still appreciate
those people if that makes any sense
alright guys sorry it's been kind of
long I thought this was going to be
really sure did I not say that in the
beginning also stop bullying my friends
I fucking hate bullies and I will squish
you like actually squish you like I will
get it since I'm not that big since I'm
like five foot four and I'm like I have
to like try to reach up to kill you I
will get an elephant I will climb on top
of that elephant I will put on my
fucking fake hidden blade Ezio's fake
hidden blade and then I will replace it
with a real blade and I will fucking
aerial kill you I will attack from above
and you will die if you fucking talk
shit to any of the people that I care
about because yeah bye guys hey guys if
you're enjoying my free content you want
to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and supported to
my YouTube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
hopes hey guys I now have a daily upload
schedule for my gaming channel mondays
we have a little bit of random content
which means it could be anything from a
stream highlight ps4 strategy to let's
say at gaming vlog Tara's list a while
of episodes Tuesdays we have an episode
of let's play with Tara from a recent
game and Wednesdays we have a retro
let's play episode Thursday's is losing
my opportunity day Friday's another less
play with Tara and saturdays another
retro let's play lootera and finally on
sundays we have another random gaming
content day and guys don't forget to
subscribe to this channel youtube.com
slash tara babcock games and my vlog
channel if you like gratuitous
fanservice sec said fan mail unboxings
or philosophy and of course you can
always follow and subscribe to my twitch
TV channel which is twitch TV com / tara
babcock where you can watch all of the
behind-the-scenes of how we make my
youtube videos
as well as me streaming live content as
always thanks for watching bye guys
