hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail I'm trying to sit here
on this chair and coexist with all of my
packages because this time we don't have
anything that's big enough to where it
just can't coexist with me but they're
all floating around and it's terrible so
let's go the first package we have
clearly has nothing in it it's literally
like there's one little tiny like the
tiniest ever bump right here and I'm
really curious to see what could
possibly be in here mise Ã  l bought me
something Thank You musial you spoiled
me like way too much it's crazy but I'm
not too happy yet because I don't know
what it oh oh my god is the Tungri I
wanted okay so this is a tongue ring
that is a spider on it we totally have
to put it on like right fucking now I'm
not even getting to disinfect it because
who gives a shit if I die I die here is
the the tongue ring also I got my nails
done which is great so you can see that
as well this is the tongue ring I wear
right now it's just kind of like a
bioplast thing Oh ah there we go got it
out is Spider time ah I know I'm gonna
like cut the roof of my mouth with this
but it's just so fucking cool I I can't
not wear it right let's get to package
number two which is a manila and but
let's just rip that shit open because
I'm a fucking female warrior a gift from
John thank you for your wonderful
content I hope you enjoy this gift from
your loser jhansi oh you're not a loser
you're awesome cards against humanity
expansion too now if only I had cards
against humanity the base set it's
really weird because randomly something
that i have on amazon on my wish list
will go into the purchase section and
therefore not be on the actual wish list
anymore but then I never actually get it
and that happened with the regular cards
against humanity so I'm gonna have to go
reput that on my wish list this is
fucking awesome i love this game and i
would love to do videos of this game for
my gaming channel it's basically like
how depraved can you be right thank you
John you are fucking awesome mwah next
we have either something to wear or
something to put on my finger II know I
mix
cited by mario star hey superstar I hate
a room I don't tell me who it's from
Thank You superstar guy you're my
superstar let's open him up it's so cute
because in the back it says mario party
and there's a bunch of japanese oh
you've been like hanging him like he's a
mobile or something invincibility we
have to find a place for him I should
get really really tiny Mario stars and
wear them on my nipples how cute would
that be oh my god fanservice Friday I
think we should do like tiny Mario stars
on my nipples and then like a fire
flower or a chain chomp or something
symbolic for my vagina yes yes I redoing
this weird darkness oh I'm gonna search
amazon later i love new ideas especially
gaming based sexual ideas sexual sexy
same thing ok where should he go he like
is the brightest thing on my fucking
camera right out there we go perfect
next we have another soft package which
I'm hoping is another addition to my
couch because i fucking love these
things dude oh my god let's open this up
oh no way changeup as a girlfriend oh
this is so awesome come here mmm about
to go back where r that's the wrong way
dubstep porn music I don't know it's
like at the end of pac-man when you like
get to the end and miss pac-man and
pac-man like end up there like oh
because they reach each other the first
phase the meat do love kiss so cute I
also find places for these guys okay for
right now that's gonna have to work I
will work on it later we have one more
squishy package yeah Oh open this up oh
this is not squishy this has something
cool inside of it what is it holy shit
Streets of Rage 2 with a fucking Genesis
I have not seen one of these boxes in
like 20 years maybe not 20 but i'm
really fucking a long time oh my god
this is awesome Retro Game Master pick
it so much of this awesome
50 I think we're gonna be playing
streets of rage for retro night really
soon so stay tuned I'm excited okay next
we have thing that possibly holds books
are games we don't know it also has a
pulley tab so I can just open it right
up is it wrong to try to pick up girls
in a dungeon yes I needed more manga
thank you so much oh my god let's see
who it's from I never looked at first I
just noticed it was manga and got all
fucking hyper a gift from James hi Tara
enjoy your gift also sent you donkey
kong and mario for fanservice friday huh
hope it gets there from james jackknife
UK on twitter thank you James this is
awesome there's another one as well hard
temptation he said hard warning explicit
18 plus only oh my god on the back
there's some big titties I fucking love
it you suitcase finally earned the keys
to paradise with a brand new apartment
and a bevy of beautiful neighbors things
are bound to get interesting in no time
thank you so much James I cannot get
enough of manga these days ah and to
answer this question no I don't think
it's wrong to try to pick up girls in a
dungeon I just don't it makes sense one
more thing is slightly bigger than the
last woohoo what could possibly yield
from this loose I'm currently playing
black fat bike fag I'm currently playing
black flag and anytime I Aleut a fucking
chest he just like fucking smashes it I
want to do that with these packages but
I don't want to ruin what's inside you
know what I'm saying holy fucking cock
sock shit fuck this has gotta be from
aminu oh my god foo doors two and three
holy fucking shit hahaha I'll be flying
in manga I just can't wait to fucking
read this shit like I love manga more
than anime now actually found a complete
set of dragon ball z manga on amazon and
i had that shit to my wishes like
instantaneously it was like saw it in
which list just like that i cannot wait
to do a review on food wars and i cannot
wait to read more food wars i'm almost
done with fuckin prison school which is
like a huge manga by the way it's like a
really thick that's what she said manga
code word penis you are making my
recording space so sexy you were making
my time in between rounds of mass
check awesome like I get to read so much
manga I'm gonna like have a bag just for
manga and then another bag for my magic
stuff anyway I love you guys so much you
are what keeps me going you are what
motivates me you are the reason I make
videos so thank you so fucking much
whoever you are if you just watch if you
don't have the money to send me
something if you send me something small
it doesn't matter and if you want to
send me something my address not my
actual address okay but my address is
down in the description also attached to
my Amazon wish list and I hope I don't
get kicked out of magic with this one
hmm cuz I'm reading this shit in public
I don't give a fuck ha alright guys
don't forget to like the video subscribe
to the channel and wait for the Chain
Chomp porn it'll happen bye ahh hey guys
if you're joining my free content you
want to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and supported my
youtube and livestream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you anything hopes hey
guys I now have a daily upload schedule
for my gaming channel mondays we have a
little bit of random content which means
it could be anything from a stream
highlight ps4 strategy to let's say at
gaming blog Tara's list a why I love
episode Tuesdays we have an episode of
let's play with Tara from a recent game
and Wednesdays we have a retro let's
play episode Thursday's is losing my
virginity day Friday's another let's
play with Tara and Saturdays another
retro let's play lootera and finally on
Sundays we have another random gaming
content day and guys don't forget to
subscribe to this channel youtube.com
slash tara babcock games and my vlog
channel if you like gratuitous
fanservice sec set fan mail unboxings or
philosophy and of course you can always
follow and subscribe to my twitch TV
channel which is twitch TV com / tara
babcock where you can watch all of the
behind-the-scenes of how we make my
youtube videos as well as me streaming
live content as always thanks for
watching bye guys
