hey guys welcome to a very special
episode of sex ed with Tara this week
we're going to talk about how to make
your masturbation experience better and
I know a lot of you especially guys are
thinking
I don't need toys I don't need gels I
don't need accessories I just have my
hand oh how wrong you are my friend
once you go better you never go back
trust me that's girls can do it with
just our hands - but why would you when
you can just have such a better
experience so today I'm going to show
you some awesome adamandeve products and
yes this video is sponsored by Adam and
Eve you can get 50% off any one item
with the promo code ta ra at Adam and
Eve cone on me and Adam and Eve and if
you do so you'll be helping fund more
sex ed with Tara with toys and funding
so check that out right now
you must anyway we're going to talk
about male and female masturbation but I
thought since most of my demographic is
male we'd start with the men the first
thing I want to show you for male
masturbation is male masturbators now
these either come in the shapes of your
favorite porn stars mouths or pussies or
they can be considered pocket mouths or
pocket pussies or they're just holes to
stick your dick into that make the
sensation so much better this one is
shaped like sasha Grey's mouth and this
one has been tested by dr. Suh both of
these are very jelly with really cool
insides that stimulate your penis
they're specifically designed to make
your orgasms and your masturbation
experience so much better and you don't
have to get your hands all dirty because
you're holding onto these not holding
onto lotion all over your hands I've had
some friends try it and they say that
it's almost as good as the real thing
some say it's even better so these are
definitely worth having and trying and
they make gagging sound I don't know if
that's 100% of benefit but it's cool
also to note sasha grey cannot deep
throat very far poor sasha grey I could
teach you so much anyway these are
usually pretty small with a hole in the
back so if you're bigger you still get
the full sensation or you can just push
through the very soft end super soft
have ribs on the inside for your
pleasure and they're pretty easy to keep
clean a lot of them like the sasha grey
one comes with a little packet of
refresher powder which makes it really
easy to clean so it's not a big upkeep
and it's definitely worth the increased
pleasure for sure you can hold me to
that the next thing we have for male
pleasure is a cock strap or often called
a cock ring this one's made of leather
so it doesn't stretch which makes the
impact so much better what you do is you
basically get hard and then
strap this around your penis you can
either put it on the base or behind the
balls and when you do so it keeps your
cock extra hard keeps the blood in there
and makes it more sensitive so if you're
interested in a harder erection and more
sensitivity and more pleasure
you should check these out they're super
cheap you can also put them on during
sex to really get in there deep with
your partner hurt her a little bit you
know the kind of thing that I would like
do it the next thing we have is
desensitizing spray now a lot of my
viewers have been asking how do you last
longer in bed or masturbating well this
is how this one is called magic stamina
spray all you have to do is spray it on
your penis and it just sensitizes you a
little bit which means you can just keep
pumping away you won't be climaxing too
early and you can kind of explore a
little bit of tantric sex this one is
called go long delay gel just apply a
small amount of the gel to the head and
the shaft and you will go much longer
which is a lot of guys worries so if
it's your first time or your first time
with a girl and it's been a while this
can definitely help you out or if your
girl really likes really long sex which
a lot of girls do so this is my tip for
you guys who have been asking how to
last longer and of course once again
these things are really cheap especially
with my 50% off discount all right to
move on to something that's a little bit
more unisex so this started out as a
massager for your back but it turned
into an icon for women who just like to
use it to masturbate I first discovered
it at a guy's house who I was kind of
seeing and yeah it really works but it's
not just for women if you get this
inexpensive gel attachment you can put
this right onto the head and use it as a
vibrating male masturbation device so
not only can you have this for any girl
that comes over like your girlfriend we
also have this attachment for yourself
so you look like a super giving lover
and you're also pleasing yourself which
is always good this massage is the tip
of the head and it's got a bunch of
little bristles inside that make it
really sensitive it's like a bunch of
tiny angel cherubs tickling the head of
your penis which is totally not
pedophilic in any way shut up it's
actually awesome you should try it the
next item we have is super fun and still
a little bit uh gender ambiguous it's a
butt plug with a tail attached to it
cosplayers rejoice you can
anal pleasure while also looking like
some kind of animal how awesome is that
hmm one should never overlook the power
of anal stimulation especially if you're
a guy so don't feel like it's gay or
weird well maybe it's a little weird to
have this one specifically but while
you're masturbating as a guy sticking
something in and massaging your prostate
feels so good not only is it an
erogenous zone but it's also a place
that can make you cum without any
contact to your penis super hot huh I
recommend not skimping on the anal play
or the cosplay butt plugs this is
awesome and the last ambiguous item we
have is nipple - clit vise these are
basically nipple clamps with a clit vise
but you can use it on yourself if you're
a man there's no shame in massaging or
stimulating your nipples as I've said
before it's an erogenous zone and a lot
of men like it and I think there are a
few more men out there than like pain
than women so this gonna be fun fuck
around with you don't even have to use a
third one or you can use it on your girl
or girls can use it on themselves you
just clamp it to your nipples clave it
to your clitoris and it adds a little
bit of pressure and pain to your
sensations really fucking amazing if you
don't have one of these you have to have
one of these like what's wrong with you
also if you're a nude model this would
make for a really cool photoshoot would
be pretty hot like at a leash or a
collar into this that would be sexy like
on the end here so anytime you pulls you
around if you don't allow too much slack
if you don't exactly obey what he or she
says to do it pulls really hard on your
genitalia okay I'm getting into my weird
dirty fantasies now next we have an item
for women I have this beautiful glass
dildo with a star on top obviously this
is stylish discreet beautiful and really
hard thing that's really cool about
glass is not only does it look really
elegant and you can tell when it's clean
or not clean and it doesn't pick up a
bunch of hairs like silicone can it also
stays really hard so you don't have to
get it that big if you like a little
pain with your pleasure it's also often
ribbed so you really feel it and this
one is specifically the perfect shape I
love glass dildos they're like works of
art and ladies if you don't have a dildo
by now you really need to have one I
think it cuts like 50% off my
masturbation time when I use a dildo
while also stimulating my clip which
brings us to the next item
is the all-inclusive dildo of the
fucking gods this Adam and Eve brand
rabbit vibrator is so fucking amazing
this stimulates your clitoris this goes
in your vagina and this stimulates your
anus all at fucking once and it vibrates
you can even turn this on this spins and
it kind of like gives a massage to your
vagina really hits the g-spot and then
you have this flicking around on your
clitoris
it's like you have an orgasm within
seconds it's amazing so girls if you
don't have one of these this is like the
only sex toy you need it spins it
vibrates it rotates it's just the best
thing ever and it only takes three
batteries I definitely have enough and
last item but not the least it's female
pleasure amplification this makes every
sensation on your clitoris feel so much
better
it amplifies your orgasm it just makes
everything crazy so girls if you're
having a hard time coming whether you're
alone over the partner this is fucking
amazing
you have to have this I know a lot of
women who have never had an orgasm in
their life that's awful and this will
help and man if you're having a hard
time getting your girl to get off you
can also get this for her as a gift
once again the thoughtful lover enhances
orgasms and increases pleasure for
maximum sensitivity during intercourse
also good for masturbation obviously
just put a little bit on your clit and
rub it in all right guys before I go I
just want to stress how healthy it is to
explore your body and to masturbate
everyone should have a drawer next to
their bed full of sex toys that just
enhance the experience and whenever you
have a partner it can also enhance your
sexual intercourse as well there's
nothing wrong dirty or slutty about
exploring your body and finding out what
you like sexually you shouldn't feel
like you have to be so discreet about it
that you're only using your hand or your
fingers you should really amp it up
because otherwise you're fucking missing
out just do it and be proud of it be
proud of your sexuality explore it know
everything about it and have fun with it
I promise you there's nothing unhealthy
or unnatural about it alright guys a
special thanks to Adam and Eve for
sending me all these sex toys and
helping fund this video they are a huge
help and I definitely want them on my
side so let's help them get some return
on investment enjoy almost any one item
on Adam and Eve comm for 50% off with
the code tara
t 8ra Adam and Eve is one of the biggest
sex toy sites in the fucking universe
and my personal favorite so you
definitely have to check it out treat
yourself treat your partner and don't
settle
sub-par orgasms anymore thank you so
much for the support don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and keep fucking and fapping bye hey
guys if you're doing my free content you
want to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and supporting
my youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
hopes
heythere's vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic blogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Terry's
comment and every other Wednesday is sex
7th care and every other Friday is going
to be Friday night mail or fanservice
Fridays and don't forget to subscribe to
this channel as well as my gaming
YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara backup
games and if you want to watch my
gameplay live don't forget to check out
tarababu TV or twitch.tv slash care
about that subscribe and don't forget to
smile
bye guys
