hey guys I know today you're expecting a
sex ed video but I have something a
little bit cooler to tide you off
because I do have to approve this week's
sex ed video which is kind of weird the
reason that it's so weird is because I
got sponsored for this video as a trial
sponsorship by Adam and Eve Adam and Eve
is one of the biggest sex toy and porn
companies in the fucking world they're
amazing and they're like my favorite I'm
super excited about this so what I have
to do is give them a nice return on
investment through my promotional code
so I am going to be unboxing these sex
toys that I got for the sex ed video
which has to be approved so it's going
to come out probably tomorrow maybe
Saturday instead of today treat yourself
to almost any one item on adamandeve.com
with promo code Tara and you'll get 50%
off that item and this includes every
single item in this box down here as
well as thousands of others on their
website so help me out buy something
sexy for yourself before your
significant other or significant others
and you'll help fun sex ed with Tara
which is never monetized so I don't make
any money off of it alright let's go
ahead and open some sexy tantalizing
toys shall we I have scissors to open
the box as if it gets a little hard it
gets a little hard and I have plenty of
motherfucking batteries alright here we
go the first thing we have this dildo
which is made of glass and has a star on
it I think this is just so fucking
stylish and beautiful let's open it
alright it comes in this and it's like a
silicone little protector case and there
it is it's a beautiful dildo how big do
you think this is I think it's probably
about five and a half six inches I think
that's a pretty good size for
masturbation I really like toys like
this because they're like so hard it's
easy to actually hurt myself without
being gigantic I kind of like to hurt
myself a little bit also has this
adorable star on the top which is
actually surprisingly really good grip
and this case that protects it which is
really cool and it's called the crystal
super star actual size the next thing we
have is nipple and vaginal clamps so
this is actually supposed to clamp here
like this one to each nipple and one to
something down there you can do your
labia you can do your clit if you're
really brave and it is called the ace an
ace certainly that funny when you hear a
funny word and it's actually a sex toy
also the
i style nipple to clit vise oh I like
that word better advice it's better than
clamps I would say yeah so you clip it
to the nipple and then you pull this up
and it actually locks it into place now
it's tight this is pretty crazy I like a
little added pain to supplement my
pleasure how about you guys I think this
is fucking sick what do you guys think
next we have this which is Adam and Eve
Brand 3 snap leather cork strap now I
never condone leather and I didn't ask
for them to send this to me but it
exists so if you like leather and you
like cock straps you should check this
out
you go like this and you just clip it on
your hard cock and it just keeps you
super hard which makes you a little bit
more sensitive because you have more
blood staying in the tip and the shaft
of your penis and to be honest it
doesn't really seem like real leather
which is kind of nice because real
leather does not hold up to the elements
and when you are having sex
it is pretty messy the next thing we
have is the super head honcho which is a
male masturbator the TV show that tests
the toys I think this is dr. su or
something advanced design 6 inches it
seems to be really fun it has like ribs
on the inside new suction chambers so it
actually kind of sucks let's open it up
ha oh it's all gooey
what the hell ain't not expect it to be
so gooey I'm not quite sure how this
thing stays clean have you ever seen
those things where you like slap them
onto something and then they stick well
those things get extremely dirty really
fast they literally pick up everything
so I don't know how I feel about this
one do you hear that I guess it doesn't
really matter that it's only six inches
because it is so expandable and stretchy
and it has little lips on the front that
is so cute and as you can see on the
inside it's got some like pleasure ribs
and some screw shape to behavior things
pretty cool alright alright next we have
the sasha grey mouth fucker aka the
sasha grey deep throat you are three
pocket pal
this is another male masturbator which
is really cool because if you like sasha
grey you can kind of fantasize about her
while you're using it it's supposed to
be replica or her mouth I'm not a big
fan of sasha grey I don't she's just not
my type but a lot of people like her so
this should be very popular and it's
cool you can get things like this 50%
off because fucking name-brand man this
is what it look
like it's another squishy male
masturbator and as you can see it looks
like the mouth of sasha grey take that
Sasha and the inside feels very ribbed I
actually think I like this one better
because it doesn't seem like it's gonna
catch as much fuzz and it's like softer
it feels like baby soft human skin which
is kind of cool but it does have an end
so if you are bigger than this you can't
really actually deep throat the whole
penis is sasha grey really this bad at
deep throating because I can do a lot
more than that and it comes with a care
guide alright this baby is what I got
the battery is four this is the Adam and
Eve brand Eve's
triple pleasure rabbit in silicone and
it's hot pink of course I love hot pink
everyone knows this let's open this up
okay so this is amazing because not only
does it stimulate the anus vagina and
the click the same time it's also got
rotating beads inside for extra pleasure
let's go ahead and see if I have enough
batteries for this this thing pops out
you need to put in three batteries which
I totally have yeah as you can see it's
pretty quiet even on the highest setting
you can see down here that it has three
lights so it's on the highest setting
and you can make this spin
faster and faster this is the most
intricate rabbit dildo I have literally
ever had look at all this stimulation
and I can do different vibes this is
pretty crazy I'm not gonna lie I'm
actually excited right now you can spin
each way clockwise or counter clockwise
do you have to actually hold the button
to turn it off took me second to realize
that and the next item we have is this
this was originally just a back massager
but so many people use it to simulate
their klitz and other areas that it
became a sex toy this is the Adam neat
version magic massager hey you can still
use it for the back - so this one you
actually need to plug in so I'm not
going to demonstrate this time but it
does come with an attachment for men
okay so with this you can attach it to
the massager and you can actually a jerk
your dick in here holding this handle
with vibration how fun does that sound
let's open it up whoa it's like a meant
for the head of your penis let me put
this on a little quick and there you go
just like that mm-hmm
it's pretty cool it's got a bunch of
little bristles in here for extra
stimulation to the head of your penis
next we have some climax a pleasure
amplification gel now I believe this is
just for women but I'm not on represent
sure let me open it first and here it is
climax ah amplification gel this is for
female pleasure and for women who truly
desire more enhances orgasm increases
pleasure always start with a small
amount and add more if needed morning
keep out of eyes and ears duh you know
what I've always wanted a better ear
orgasm how about you guys I wonder if
this works on nipples interesting and on
the flip side for men I made sure they
included these because a lot of you guys
have been asking about this
desensitizing gel now this adds more
stamina this is a stamina spray for
climax control it's actually a magic
stamina spray and this is go long delay
gel so both of these make it either
desensitize or easier to not come if you
want to last longer as a man whether
you're masturbating or having fun with a
girl and they're pretty cheap and
remember you can get 50% off code Tara
ta ra mmm I personally don't love it
when a guy goes really long because I
come really easy that many orgasms and
it starts to get pretty raw
actually if I'm using this climax gel
and the final item my favorite of all of
them the tail butt plug
haha it's like a cosplayers dream look
at this chick she's like staying there
holding a tail she's like yeah I just
stick this in my ass and I look like a
fucking re or just a regular Fox cuz
there's only one tail not nine tails not
miles tails Prower just a regular fox
although in this case it kind of looks
like a raccoon anyway let's open this
bad boy up I've always wanted one of
these oh the first so soft this is
awesome
oh my god I want to walk around
everywhere with this I need to like cut
a hole in all my panties now looks like
I ate an animal or something like you
know when the dog supposedly has a cat
in his mouth and there's a tail coming
out in a cartoon kind of like that but
ultra dirty because it's a butt plug
this is the best fucking thing ever oh
my god I don't even see how this helps
masturbation that much I just really
like this putt plug so I added it to my
list of things I want alright guys I
hope you liked this unboxing
tomorrow's sex ed with Tara is gonna be
all about how to masturbate better and
these items are gonna come into play and
I'll go into more depth about how they
work and what you should do with them
but if you want to pick up any of these
or anything else please treat yourself
to 50% off almost any one item with the
code Tara and let me know what you
bought or what you want to buy remember
doing this in buying an item will not
only help keep sex out of floats it'll
increase your and her pleasure oh and I
get a bunch of cool toys for each sex ed
to demonstrations thanks for watching
guys and sorry for the delay of the real
sex set don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel and make sure
you check out more of my videos bye guys
Adam and Eve dot-com promo code t a are
a go hey guys if you're enjoying my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and support of my youtube and livestream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in description thank you
anything helps hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic vlogs except
Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other
the Oteri's cometh and every other
Wednesday at SEC seven care and every
other Friday is going to be Friday night
mail or fan service Fridays and don't
forget to subscribe to this channel as
well as my gaming youtube at youtube.com
slash terribad pop games and if you want
to watch my game play live don't forget
to check out tarababu TV or twitch.tv
slash care about down subscribe and
don't forget to smile
bye guys
