hey guys I am so fucking happy to be
back and I have my new mic setup but
I've been having huge problems with it
making a lot of hissing when I put it
into the editing software and I've
talked to some people who use this mic
as well and they're thinking that it's
either the phantom power supply that I
have to use which I didn't know I had to
use that's why I took a couple more days
for me to get it set up because I had to
actually buy phantom power or it's the
fact that i'm using my t5 I and the t5 I
might have some frequency that makes it
his which sucks so let me know how you
feel about the audio I also don't like
the fact that it's like actually in the
picture I'm hoping that it's still
focusing on me and not on that because
that's actually in front of me and I'm
hoping that everything's still lit up
properly I don't know but on my first
day back I was going to do the unboxings
of all the sex toys that i got from adam
and eve and by the way if you guys want
to help me out and you guys support my
sex ed content and all that stuff you
can buy any one item on adam and eve com
for fifty percent off its most items
like some of the things like the actual
name brand what are they called
flashlights the name-brand flashlights
and stuff like that they don't work but
anything Adam and Eve brand and a bunch
of other things fifty percent off on me
using code Tara so if you want to help
support my content and stuff that would
be really great the link will be down in
the description as well so if you want
to check that out please do it helps my
channel they are really helping sex side
with taryn I don't get I don't get
monetized I can't monetize any of those
videos because most of them are age
restricted so that would be helpful
anyway today I chose a topic that I've
been wanting to talk about for a while
it's just a random topic I don't really
understand dating to me dating the way
most people do it is kind of weird and
doesn't make any sense um it's kind of
like I'm still a little bit sick so
sorry about that it's kind of weird that
people enjoy especially blind dating or
online dating and stuff like that I've
never wanted someone in my life so badly
that i would feel okay spending time
with someone that I don't like every
time I've dated someone it's been dating
while I already knew the person like if
I've already slept with him or I'm
already dating him or we're already
really good friends then dates can be
fun like you go out and you get to know
the person even better
you get to spend a good time with that
person but finding out what sub persons
like through spending a lot of time with
them just seems like a huge waste of
time in my opinion because most dates
are going to be like pieces of shit
you're gonna wish you had those hours
back and then it's really awkward and
you have to end up like spending a lot
of time with a person when you really
didn't want to and so I don't really
understand why people do that I mean for
me it's like I find people that I like
through my modeling career or through
going to you know events or through like
let's say work if you have a like a
regular nine-to-five job where you have
to actually leave the house often and
you're in like a office setting where
you meet people like those are the
people you spend the most time with and
you're gonna develop crushes you're
going to develop attractions and then
through that you can start like dating
or whatever but for me I'm just kind of
more upfront I've actually never dated a
guy who asked me out usually the guys
who ask me out or either like
overconfident kind of ghetto guys it's
something that comes with being ghetto
um not that uh not that I've like I oh
yeah I don't know I just really hate it
like I tell you guys the worst they the
worst time I ever got hit on was when a
guy came up to me and started telling me
that gaming is a waste of time and it's
boring and I'm like okay yeah you're
really gonna get my pants if you do that
like I can't imagine someone coming up
to me and asking me out and me being
like yes I've always wanted that if I
want something I'll just come up to you
and I'll fucking tell you hey I like you
you're hot I would like to either have
sex with you or date you or I find you
like really fun and stuff but I'm not
attracted to you in that way so I'd like
to spend more time with you I'm very
open about that stuff and I feel like it
makes no sense to just hide ones
feelings and not tell people what you're
feeling or play games or like go on
dates that just because you're looking
for someone to love you really basically
I don't understand why someone would
desire a mate so like much that they
would want to do that and obviously for
me it's just like a difference in
opinion it's a difference in in
lifestyle I guess like if I just don't
like doing that I don't like doing that
if you guys love doing that you guys can
do that and obviously it's a it's a
huger like pool of a fish in the sea or
whatever so you're going to have a
better chance of actually finding
someone but for me it just seems like
you have to spend more time around a
person to see what they're like rather
than going out on a date where the date
is probably going to be acting the way
you want him to act
then it takes like fucking three months
of these like one day dates where you
actually finally find out the character
flaws in this person because this
person's covering up so much so to me it
just kind of makes no sense because if
you're going on something that you
consider to be like this is a date it's
basically like this is an interview and
during this interview you have to act a
certain way if you want to get this job
a kade this pussy and for me I would
just rather get to know someone in a
setting where there's so much time spent
with that person that there's no
possible way that you you know can hide
the fact that you are a certain way and
you kind of actually get to know the
person so if I was going to go on a date
with someone I would want to know the
person if I was alone and lonely I would
focus on my life and I would you know
that keep my eyes open for someone that
I find attractive or interesting but I
just don't understand the whole like the
lifestyle that a lot of people have now
in the culture that's going on today
where you just like try your hardest to
find a mate and you end up going through
thousands of like idiots and thousands
of people you don't like or spending
like months on a person because you're
going on all these dates until you
finally find out what that person's like
I just can't imagine being that lonely
or that like feeling like I need someone
in my life and I feel like a lot of
people need to be more independent a lot
of people aren't that independent I
myself I've never really been alone for
very long so it kind of makes sense or
it's kind of hypocritical in a way for
me to say that people need to be more
independent but for me if I was in a
relationship I didn't like I would leave
that relationship if I was with a person
that didn't make things right for me I
would you know like in all honesty I'm
supposed to leave that person and not
keep just like stringing it on just
because I want to be with someone and
you know you have plenty of friends like
people have friends to kind of feel the
gap of you know of the lover when you
don't have one and people don't really
like differentiate if they see a hot guy
and they want to have sex with them they
also try to lump in this like emotional
connection with them when there
shouldn't be one because that person is
just hot you just want to sleep with
that person that person isn't good
enough for you emotionally or isn't on
your you know level of personality and
you shouldn't be spending your time or
wasting your time like lying to yourself
and then on the flip side if you're
spending a lot of time and just trying
to fall in love with this friend because
he's such a good friend and he's so
there for you but he just doesn't you
know get you going sexually to stop you
know
just trying to lump the two and settling
because that's just settling you know
and a lot of people kind of have to
settle or want to settle and that's fine
if you want to and that's fine if you're
happy but a lot of people get into
relationships where they're not happy
because they just really want to find
someone or they feel like it's wrong to
only want something someone sexually or
it's wrong to only do this and that and
that kind of thing just doesn't make any
sense to me so I want to hear from you
guys have you ever been on a blind date
or have you ever done anything like
through a dating site or wanted to date
someone just because like they looked
interesting and then you like spent a
lot of time and felt like you wasted a
lot of time where you could have been
doing something like you know further in
your business or you know going on a
hobby or improving yourself instead you
were just like doing a bunch of silly
dating things it didn't really matter
let me know in the comments and let me
know what you think if you disagree or
agree I am so fucking happy to be back I
had pink eye if you guys don't know it
was pretty crazy it was um the doctor
said it was like another symptom of me
just having a really terrible flu and
I'm still not one percent like as you
can tell I kind of sound like piggy like
I have a stuffed I don't know how to
explain it I'm pale I need to get my
fucking roots touched up my nails are
not done but I want to be back in it and
I just miss you guys so much and in a
couple days there's going to be a really
awesome sex said the sex said might be a
day late because I do have to go through
Adam Neve have to have them preview and
stuff but there's gonna be an awesome
sex set on masturbation and then I'm
also going to do the unboxings and I'm
going to have a lot of batteries we're
going to be playing with these sex toys
but I'm doing the unboxings of the sex
toys that i got from adam and eve and
remember remember adamandeve.com fifty
percent off using code t-ara you have to
do it because it really helps me if they
can get a return on investment from
working with me and then i can have more
and more just kind of funds the tara the
sex head with tara and the fanservice
Fridays because those are the ones that
i don't get monetized so i really
appreciate that and you guys are amazing
thank you for waiting and thank you for
all the support on patreon i'm gonna be
doing a patreon only a vlog after this
that you can see there for your patron
because you guys have been so fucking
supportive of me when I had to take this
leave of absence from the content
producing in the streaming I love you
guys hi I'm so glad to be back here
hey guys we're joined by free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars in
support of my YouTube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes hey guys I now have a
daily upload schedule for my gaming
channel mondays we have a little bit of
random content which means it could be
anything from a stream highlight ps4
strategy to let's say a gaming blog
Tara's list a while of episode Tuesdays
we have an episode of let's play with
Tara from a recent game and Wednesdays
we have a retro let's play episode
thursdays is losing my opportunity day
fridays another less play with tara and
saturdays another retro let's play
lootera and finally on sundays we have
another random gaming content day and
guys don't forget to subscribe to this
channel youtube.com slash tara babcock
games and my vlog channel if you like
gratuitous fanservice sec said fan mail
unboxings or philosophy and of course
you can always follow and subscribe to
my twitch TV channel which is twitch TV
com / tara babcock where you can watch
all of the behind-the-scenes of how we
make my youtube videos as well as me
streaming live content as always thanks
for watching bye guys
