why hello guys and welcome to a new
episode of fanservice Friday the show
that has nothing to offer other than a
little bit of gratuitous fanservice with
the message that you should have fun
with your sexuality and you should never
take yourself too seriously okay so this
week is not going to be as epic as I
thought it was I thought I was going to
have every single bra that I own in
order to do this bra a fashion show and
you guys got get to choose which brought
you like the best but right now I only
have one sexy modelling bra and the rest
of the bras that I wear every single day
that just looked the best in a t-shirt
which kind of sucks because I wanted to
show off some of my cool lingerie like
bras but um the reason I can't find it
just because I haven't done a fun
modeling shoot for a while and most of
the actual clothes that I own I don't
need to bring to a regular photo shoot
because they supply the clothes because
it's for like a clothing line or it
would be extra for me to supply my own
wardrobe so I kind of have that tucked
away I could find the bikinis I could
find the regular lingerie like baby
dolls and stuff but I could not find my
set of bra and panty sets so I'm super
annoyed about that so in the future
there's going to be a panty fast fashion
show and there's also going to be a
really cool like a billion Victoria's
Secret and Hollister or ghillie Hicks or
whatever bras and then also some really
cool lingerie type bras but today we
have for you the t-shirt bra and a bunch
of different colors so I hope you enjoy
this and don't forget to post down in
the comments which bra you liked the
best
let's do it that wasn't as hot as I
thought it would be I kind of suck at
stuff like that it just feels so
ingenuine I think I exude sexuality
without having to be oh seductive fake
seductive at least I'm pretty seductive
wouldn't you say alright anyway let's go
hey guys we're doing my free content you
want to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars in support of my
YouTube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
hopes pay their vlog and fanservice
lovers I just wanted to let you guys
know that I now have a serious upload
schedule every day is going to be normal
update and topic vlogs except Wednesdays
are going to be interchangeably Tara
Reid's comments and sex ed with Tara so
that means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday is sex editor and every other
Friday is gonna be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash
terribad pop games and if you want to
watch my gameplay live don't forget to
check out carob a TV or twitch.tv slash
care about done subscribe and don't
forget to smile
bye guys
