hey guys okay so I feel super fucking
bad because the vlog today and the
gaming channel game fucking video is
late today and I'm not going to be doing
fucking Tara Reid's comments this week I
feel so fucking bad but I'm gonna try to
make up for it by I screenshotted some
questions and some topics that I can go
over with you guys and it's kind of like
a impromptu Tara Reid's comments and I'm
also going to tell you guys about my
fucking crazy day so I woke up and I was
still feeling really sick but I was like
I have fucking exhausted all of these
sick days that I'm going to allow myself
and if I do any more sick days I'm going
to be fired which is pretty much what I
told myself in my head because I need
management and I am my only manager and
it sucks ass but at some points I'm like
a workaholic and other points I'm like a
lazy workaholic so everything has to be
up like once a day I can't not do the
videos I can't not do stuff but
sometimes they like a fucking it's good
enough and then I'll like feel bad later
and be like this wasn't a good video I
fucking hate myself i want to die and i
didn't want to do that today with my
Tara Reid's comments because ok so I
record Tara Reid's comments and it takes
about 25 minutes to record and then
cutting out everything to make it more
comedic and to actually just cut out the
time so I'm just like I'm scrolling or
the times that I like mess up and like
say something and then like stutter and
it doesn't it's not good that takes like
a whole of like 45 minutes so 25 minutes
of recording plus another 45 minutes
plus the rendering plus the uploading
plus I have to do the gaming video and
I've been waiting for fucking ok so my
first shipment of groceries so I got
like a grocery service service that
sends it to you through safeway and I
chose a four-hour window because I
thought that it would be perfectly fine
to have a four-hour window but today
happened to be the day that I need to
record videos in the other room so I
wouldn't hear the door so i couldn't i
was sitting there from four to eight
doing like a billion thing so I I
optimized the way that I'm going to give
the patreon rewards and payouts so I
have like an Excel spreadsheet and
everything is all great and autumn eyes
or aught of automated fucking like so
blah I'm out of it to caffeine to try to
stay awake so I can do the stream so
i've been up since like 1pm and right
now it's almost 10pm or something like
that it's 9pm I have my phone it's 9pm
and I've been working on getting the
game release news template up to date
for this month which means i have to
like go through all of the new game
releases and decide which ones are my
favorite and then add them to the list
and then add them their release date the
the platforms that they're on I write a
little paragraph about them that I can
it's like kind of a script that I make
where I'm like bubble of love this is
what I think about the game blah you
should you should watch it or whatever
you should play it what the fuck and I
did that and I took about it like an
hour and a half and then I was just like
sitting there doing the template for the
patreon stuff so now all of the patreon
i G button boob pics the tributes that I
do for patreon patrons who pledged more
than ten dollars that's all up to date
and I have everything like did they pay
last month which one do they want
there's like options like but boobs
switching off something else comments
like everything is fucking so it's like
oh it's so awesome but I didn't want to
sit there for another like four hours
recording videos so i did a rocket
League video and now i'm going to do
this which is me apologizing profusely
that i didn't actually do it Harry
Reid's comments I'm I'm really sorry I
just it's so hard to catch back up once
I'm behind and once I've been sick so
I'm trying to convalesce at the same
time I'm trying to keep up with my
videos and stuff and everything right
now is that kind of an all-time low so
I'm really worried about taking days off
for myself I feel like I need to keep
working at it to make my channels grow
it's like ah it's fucking the most
stressful thing in the world so I
apologize oh my god i also went through
ok i had a hundred and ten emails and
now i have only 40 emails to go through
so i went through like 70 fucking emails
today I'm exhausted this is terrible for
her first day back but anyway let's get
into the Terrans comments version of
this ok so real deal wants me to make a
video about my first sex I barely
remember my first sex I was 12 years old
he was also 12 years old it was my idea
I was a very horny preteen and we had
sex in my my room and my parents house
and it didn't last very long or
something and then from then on we had
sex one more time and then I we broke up
or something and it was a terrible thing
but his name was casey he was a really
sweet boy he made me drawings and we
like the same rock music and we liked
the same video games and he was kind of
like a cute popular rocker guy
and I treated him really poorly because
back then I didn't I was like I didn't
have the same moral compass that I had
back then I don't have I didn't have the
same logic I let my emotions to get the
best of me I was 12 years fucking old
but I was beyond my years in most
aspects I think I handled that
relationship better than a lot of people
handle their relationships at 18 but
still I have progressed very far and I'm
not an asshole like I used to be the
next one is I want you to taste my dick
from mom Faye I will gladly taze your
dick that's like that's a given I will
tase anyone's dick that's hilarious I
really hate my camera because it tells
me that I have full charge on my battery
and then 10 seconds into recording it
tells me I have like my batteries are
going to die which is so fucking stupid
so let's try to get through this before
my battery dies this guy says I wish you
could see into someone's personality
just by looking at someone like there's
no possible way to distinguish Tara from
some dumb big boobed blonde bimbo until
you talk to her and that's sweet thank
you i don't know if that's sweet or not
sweet because he says it's like it's
like an offhanded compliment but still a
compliment nonetheless he meant well so
thank you Te'o or retailer utes its ta
Ori and then capital u TS so thank you
for that and then above that Hugo Monte
El says your tits are lickable I
appreciate that that's very good next we
have Kyel mccartney asking hey Tara why
do you need new pepper spray do you live
somewhere rough I actually broke the
pepper spray handle so it doesn't spray
anymore in my pocket and I think a lot
of men don't really understand how easy
it is to rape molest just harass a woman
and having something like that like a
Taser or some pepper spray is like just
a must like especially if you're a
smaller girl I'm only 5'4 so and I'm
also you know what you would consider
you know mainstream what the fuck I am
so tired today I am mainstream Lee
attractive so a lot of people come up to
me and talk to me and at night I've had
problems I've had problems in the own
campus in my own college campus where
some guy like grabs me on the way to my
car and he knew who
I was he was like y are you tara babcock
and then he like it was awful and having
pepper spray that wow I actually had to
change my fucking battery pack fuck you
canon cameras anyway um so yeah I was
saying that like even I've had
situations not living in a tough
neighborhood where if any time I'm alone
people come up to you and talk to you so
it's nice for a girl especially if
you're a small stature to have something
that protects you it's just something
you should have because anything could
happen at any time look at fucking
Batman's parents hmm alright next we
have why are you always stoned I don't
know why people say this I guess they
say that my eyes are red some people
have asked if I've cried but I don't cry
every single video or ever so that's
kind of weird I don't know why it might
be because I boost the the color a
little bit in post-production so maybe
it's just looking Pinker that it is I
don't have any problems with anything it
could also be that I've been gaming all
day are looking into bright lights all
day like I have soft boxes here soft
boxes in my computer and my eyes do tend
to hurt after a while of recording video
shooting modeling any of that stuff my
eyes are pretty sensitive they're super
blue so yeah I also wear circle lenses
in my eyes which are contacts that just
make your irises look a little bit
bigger so you look super kawaii it's a
it's an asian girl thing to do and it
makes you look cute I we're really
natural ones because i like my natural
blue eyes and i don't want to change
them but um it I I don't have any more
irritation when I wear them but it could
attribute to some kind of redness that
I'm not noticing so that's that I don't
smoke weed I haven't smoked meat in a
while I used to a lot now I don't
Matthew hodge says you're such you think
like such a dude that is so hot it's
kind of funny to me that guys are really
attracted to the way guys think and
that's what makes a friend and then they
end up settling down with a girl who
doesn't think like them and they think
that's okay and to me that's kind of
something that's like wrong with
traditions like you want someone that
thinks a lot like you or that has the
same like you know someone you can get
along with someone that doesn't make you
feel like you need a guys night out or
someone that doesn't make you feel like
they're nagging all the time or they
don't like anything that you like so um
that's where I got that like I don't
really feel like I need to act like a
lady I just
act the way I want to act and I'll find
people and gravitate around people who
act the same way I do and if there's a
girl who's super girly I feel like she
should be with a guy who's metrosexual
and it's just like how it should work
because otherwise you end up finding
solace in your friends and missing
something in your life because you're
not with your best friend and I think
you should marry your best friend and if
you want to fuck some girl who's only
into Gucci and Prada in high heels and
talks like this then you should but you
shouldn't marry that person and then
expect to be happy in a happy marriage
anyway that got a little deeper than it
should have the next one is okay how
tall are you Tara and also just six foot
not to be rude or anything but that
isn't very tall at all and i really like
i like Tara Reid's comments because I
get to actually show this I don't know
if you can see this at all i'm going to
try to make it focus on this but this
person who's saying this is literally
one year old in a picture with his one
year old friend and he's talking about a
6-foot is not very tall he is clearly
like four foot five because he's in
first grade and it's ridiculous that
people post things like this it's like
it they're trying to boost their own
egos at 1 year old so hey low visa
iverson shut the fuck up next we are
going to go with oh and I'm five foot
fort by the way next what is this about
Tara are you going to play black ops 3
i'm sure i'll play it for losing my
virginity on my channel i don't really
like first-person shooters that much so
I don't know how much i'll play it but
i'll definitely try it out i don't have
high hopes for the new call of duty i
just don't and someone asking if i can
demonstrate i'm not going to demonstrate
that's silly um some guy says his
favorite position is any position with
me okay then I will bend you over and
stick a dildo in your ass would you like
that I think some people would let me
peg them but most people you know
they've got a little bit of dignity and
they're not they're not trying to look
gay not that it makes you gay to be
pegged by a woman I think it's cool and
I've always wanted to do it to a guy
it's just something that also kind of
turns me off a little bit if you would
let me do it so it's kind of like a
catch 22 because if you let me do it
you're letting me do something that I've
always wanted to do but at the same time
you're devaluing my opinion of you a
little bit in a sexual way not in any
kind of regular way as you guys know you
should do whatever the fuck you want
that makes you happy um whatever gets
you off is fucking amazing that doesn't
mean
that I won't not have sex with you
because you're doing it if that makes
any sense so um I'm sorry about the very
impromptu Terry's comments and the fact
that I didn't do it I've just had a
fucking insane day I'm tired I just want
to go street I now have to stream for 26
hours or four to eight hours I'm
probably just going to do four hours
because I'm so fucking tired and I'm
still sick and I have to rest up for
this weekend which is battle presented
car pre-releases so I'm going to be
doing magic Friday Saturday and Sunday
and then on Monday the maid is coming
for the first time and she is going to
have to clean the shit out of this place
because it is not very fucking kept
right now unfortunately and she's going
to be here for at least six hours so I'm
going to be fucking tired I'll try my
best to stream Saturday and Sunday and
Monday but i'm not going to be streaming
tomorrow so i love you guys so much
thank you so much for the support and i
finally got the IG patreon button boob
pics all squared away so i will be
posting those by monday or on monday
Monday tuesdays when i'm going to be
handling that and the next month's are
going to go out in like two weeks so Oh
everything's crazy i'm also gonna start
doing that the anime reviews and i have
another list video in the works so i
love you guys so much thank you so much
for supporting me I feel like when I'm
working hard and when I'm feeling you
motivated and i'm tired i always think
of you guys and it pushes me to do
better and to be better so thank you see
you guys hey guys beer joyce my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supported my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
like it's down a description thank you
anything hopes hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topics blogs except
wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday at sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is going to
be friday night mail or fanservice
fridays and don't forget to subscribe to
this channel as well as my gaming
YouTube
at youtube.com slash terribad top games
and if you want to watch my game play
live don't forget to check out tara
babcock TV or twitch TV / care about gun
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
