hey guys i am still sick as fuck and i'm
still using the stupid lavalier mic
which makes me so mad so this is my new
mic i'm just going to do a really quick
vlog today about updates and stuff
because i am still sick and this is
actually a late video and tomorrow is
going to be my Tara Reid's comments
video and that might be a little bit
late everything is resolvable cuz I feel
so fucking sick I don't know why I'm
still sick of my throat hurts a lot i'm
congested i often have like a runny nose
and i feel like shit when i'm sitting
upright it's just fucking terrible
anyway this is my new mic it's an audio
technica 8040 21 it's an amazing Mike an
amazing condenser mic and condenser mics
that don't have any power need a phantom
power power supply and I didn't know
that my camera did not support that so I
actually have to get an external one it
took me like for like three hours Jay
and I were trying to figure out how to
make this fucking work with my computer
or my camera and it I just need a
fucking phantom power supply so that
sucks so that's coming on amazon prime
fast and hopefully it'll be here soon
other than that I just want to talk
about some updates that's why I've been
away a little bit and I want to show you
some of the things I got the Faris's
said I would normally videos like these
that just have updates how my life would
be on patreon only but I don't have a
topic for today and the vlog is not
going to be that long I didn't do
anything with my hair as you can see it
needs to be brushed really bad it's all
like scraggly and awful I just feel so
fucking terrible like you don't even
know I just want to lay on the couch and
play murdered soul suspect I don't want
to sit upright and play league of
legends but at the same time I'm getting
that like like scared feeling more like
I need to make my rent so I need to be
streaming but I really and I really want
a ceremony get back to streaming but I
feel so sick what I'm doing it it's just
so fucking awful so I'm going to do my
best to you know do afford a six-hour
stream and hopefully I can get back into
it slowly and maybe being up off the
couch and doing stuff will make me
convalesce faster but I don't know I
thought I was better and then I got
worse and then I got a lot worse and
it's just so fucking awful so some of
the things I got at the fair Jay got
these in a large version and also it
came with two of these you click this
there and like it starts you see it's
like filling up with this and now it's
heated
it's like a heat pack for your hands and
he has a really big one for his back
because he has a lower back pains and
it's kind of cool but I've realized that
putting it in hot water doesn't work you
actually have to put it in boiling water
so it's more of a pain in the ass then
then actually having to microwave
something but it's so warm which is not
very good for me right now because right
now in my sickness I'm in the heada too
hot stage so I'm overheating but it is a
really nice like perfect temperature
heat so that's cool we got some of those
um next thing I got was my dad bought me
a banana don't know why he's a cool
banana though oh yeah he was like it was
two bucks here you go and I'm like I
cool so I got a banana he's my banana
friend which is nice um another thing
that we bought his day and I both got a
new new sunglasses I got a new pair of
aviators because in my opinion the old
lame sunglasses that look good at all
our aviators and they're like kind of a
blue tint so that's cool this is
actually helping me with a light too so
I like that uh here's Jays I say that
the only sunglasses a little cooler
aviators but then he got these and they
look kind of cool on him I mean
everything looks cool on him but it's
just not in style so to me it looks
weird here they look kind of weird on me
but yeah it was five bucks for a pair of
sunglasses which is pretty cool and I
don't really give a shit if they're
super high-end because you know me I
don't give a shit about brands and all
that stuff I just want a good pair of
aviators the next thing I got is um
pepper spray of been eating some new
pepper spray in this one is pink it was
really cool they had like a this booth
called damsel in defense and I got this
and the coolest thing that I got the
fair is this which is actually a fucking
taser now I'm so it's pretty cool
because if you don't have this plugged
in it doesn't work so you put it around
your wrist and then if somebody tries to
steal it from you it stops working so
you click it once to get a flashlight
and you can see here's a flashlight
approach shouldn't shy that into my lens
and then you click it up once and oh
yeah fucking awesome is that I've
actually that was extremely loud but um
yeah so don't fuck with me I actually
have a Taser and as I said if you rip
that off and someone grabs interest use
it against me it doesn't work so that's
like the coolest thing I got at the fair
um
it's really awesome and cool and stuff
and it's really cool how it charges like
let me show you how do I flip it out oh
there we go you just plug it into the
wall like this that's it's really good
school so I got that for self-defense
and that's pretty much all i got the
fair i spent most of the time taking
video and checking out all of the
animals animals are like my favorite
part of the fair as I've said in the
comments of my last video I hope you
guys liked the fair video it was kind of
just like something i did i just wanted
to have some content from that day
because i was taking a day off working
and I was so fucking sick there were
points where I had to sit down and I was
like I need to sit down I feel like I'm
gonna puke it was awful i'm just like
sitting here like it sucks um i just
kind of added the magic tournament I
didn't go to friday night magic so I was
so sick and I'm just hoping I can feel
better soon so that I can get back to my
routine because it's really like
freaking out like I have a lot of emails
I have to respond to for just like
business and then i have the patreon
emails that i'm not caught up with it
all and i'm really sorry if you guys are
pledged to my patreon account I'm doing
my best to keep it updated but I trying
to work as little as possible right now
so I can feel better but at the same
time it's starting to give me a panic
attack I get panic attacks when I'm not
ahead in my work it used to happen to me
when I went to school and stuff too I
would be kind of afraid of stuff like oh
my god I've been gone for two days I'm
going to be so behind and so funny
because I always had like a minimum of
the 3.5 GPA so I've had like a
four-point-oh 3.8 I think I finished
with like three point eight and I've
always skipped days but it like freaks
me out if I actually get behind in my
work or I get behind in my social or
work obligations it's just like so I've
been really stressed that i'm sick it's
like the worst possible time for me to
be sick when I have so many other things
to do so I apologize for not having
anything up on time if it's not up on
time I'm going to do my absolute
darkness to get the Tara Reid's comments
up on time I'm really fucking sorry if I
don't if I don't it'll be up Wednesday
evening or thursday usually my content
for both channels comes out at 5pm PST I
also need to do the manga reviews I told
you guys I was going to do for my gaming
channel and I have to do the game
release news in
within a week because that's when the
month ends so I've got a lot of stuff to
do and I'm hoping to start streaming
every single day again so if you want to
support me at Tara back of TV that would
be appreciated too but I just want to
let you guys know that I'm still sick
and that's why I'm not like perfectly
doing everything I should be doing so I
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow with
Herod's comments you guys are amazing
for understanding and for all the
support and telling me to think of
myself every time I post a video or a
picture where like I'm sick or whatever
they're like are you guys are like just
fucking rest think of yourself and like
that I can't have so much work to do i'm
so behind that's how i feel oh my god
this is warm oh haha okay bye guys hey
guys if you're joining my free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars and
supported my youtube and live stream and
get some cool exclusive content while
you're helping me reach my goals link is
down in the description thank you
anything hopes hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic blogs except
wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday at sex 7 care
and every other Friday is going to be
friday night mail or fanservice fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash terribad top games and
if you want to watch my game play live
don't forget to check out care about TV
or push on TV / care about done
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
