hey guys don't I look like a cute little
beet farmer's wife that's what I'm going
for today
hahahaha hope you guys get the reference
if you watched the my type video I'm
like going through withdrawals now that
I've finished for the second time the
office and like the way Dwight at the
end like proposes to Angela's like so
fucking amazing gives me chills and I
like I usually watch a whole TV series
or a whole movie and then forget about
it really quickly like Jay brought up
Californication and that was something
that I watched from beginning to end for
like a whole month's time and I totally
forgot that I even watched that show at
all and it's not that it was a bad show
it's just you do have to do something
really amazing with your with your media
to make it you know stain something in
my mind usually have to rewatch things
to remember them unless they're one of
my favorites but um yeah I've got some
some hentai manga here that my friend
Jeannie has sent me from Japan and I was
just thinking about Dwight and I look
really sexy I look like the girl that he
was dating just like shorter and like
closer to the end she was like a farmer
anyway what the fuck am I talking about
today we're going to talk about sex
positions it was only one minute I can
see it on the thing it was only one
minute that I wasted talking about
frivolous shit we're talking about my
favorite sex positions today and I know
I should do a sex ed on this and it's
going to have like me actually showing
you the sex positions and stuff but
let's just talk about it in a vlog right
and I know I've mentioned that doggy
style is my favorite sex position but
there are a bunch of other sex positions
that I enjoy as well um I enjoy doggy
style because it allows you to get in
really deep and like it actually hurts
me a little bit like just the regular
sex actions hurt me and I also really
enjoy the way I look in doggy style
position I always um when I go to the
gym when I'm in my perfect weight I do a
lot of weight lifting as well to try to
you know get toned in certain areas and
it's just kind of like perfecting
certain areas but that's not the point
the point is that I really like doing
the bent over tricep extensions because
I can look at my ass in the mirror and
Jay always makes fun of me because I'm
just sitting there like looking at my
ass in the mirror while I'm doing it
it's so much fun so I really like that
position for me and I also like that the
guy can like grab my hips or he can pull
my hair or like choke me from there and
like really drill into me and I fucking
love that it's so hot
and then another position I like is
laying on my back with my legs straight
up in the air um and just like him
holding like my ankles together and then
like fucking me that way that looks like
really fun and it hits the spot as well
I think every woman has different
positions that she likes depending on
how comfortable she is with her body
like a lot of girls may like the feeling
of sex on top but they may not be
comfortable enough with their bodies to
be on top writing because that gives the
girl more visibility as opposed to
laying down and laying down we're all
the same size we're all the same height
whatever you can't tell as much if you
have a little weight on you or you know
the way your boobs hangs just kind of
like laying there to the side it's you
know less intrusive so I'm a lot of
girls like just being on the bottom for
that reason but statistically women
usually like it more when they're on top
physically just like it fits better and
women have different angles vaginas and
it's just different for everyone but for
me I really like being on top I like
cowgirl and reverse cowgirl I think I
like reverse cowgirl a little bit better
because I can like kind of just gyrate
and you know move my hips and do kind of
like twerking without the get onus on
the penis and I also like regular
cowgirls good - uh what else I like
standing up sex like bent over something
like bent over the kitchen counter bent
over the bathroom counter but it's not
often that I can do that because most
guys are too tall for me to do that so I
end up like being at my tallest
tippy-toes and trying to arch while
doing that and it's very hard and
usually I don't usually sleep with
anyone who's six foot or like under six
foot so if they're closer to my height
it's easier to do but at the same time
it's not as hot because guys not as tall
and I really like tall guys I like guys
that can make me feel small and
dominated so anything in bed that is
feels dominating like if I'm doing
missionary position which I don't do
very often I prefer the guy to be up
kind of like fondling my boobs rather
than pressed against me I feel like the
pressed against me thing is cool if the
guy's not as attractive and it can also
be really cool because he can be like
choking me when he's on top anything
that involves choking me or hair pulling
is fucking awesome thank you I love that
shit huh I love any kind of actions that
show like oh she's mom
or you're really enjoying it like
touching me all over well you're having
sex with me and staying back so you can
actually look at my body I like that
kind of thing is really hot what else I
like I have an ottoman for my couch and
it's really fun to have sex on that like
either doggy style standing up laying
down I like pretty much all positions I
like being on my side with my leg up but
I think my two favorite positions like I
said are the cowgirls and doggy style
and then also the one where I talked
about where I have worm laying back and
my legs are straight up what do you guys
is favorite sexual positions and why
like I want to know is it just because
the girl looks hot in that position and
you get the best view often in porn a
lot of the the sex positions aren't as
good for the parties involved is just
more about the person who's watching the
porn being able to see everyone's bodies
and sexual parts and making it sexier
because if they're just doing missionary
and they're like clumped on top of each
other you can't see the girl very well
so it's not as hot and you see a lot of
like a sweaty guy and that's not as hot
but it might feel better to do that kind
of missionary position in real life so I
mostly prefer the more porn like
positions I like squatting down like
being on top and like squatting down so
I'm just kind of like bouncing up and
down on the cock I like that I like it's
kind of weird but I also like um when a
guy is standing over me and
titty-fucking me and his like ass and
balls and chode or cutting in my face
and that's kind of hot it's like as
close to facesitting as a guy can get on
a girl without it being fucking weird
right I normally in porn don't like
seeing the guys like ass and stuff
because I really don't like male porn
stars it's like a weird turn off that I
have I think they look really silly and
usually gross but in real life I like it
it's good as long as the guy is hot I
like it I like pretty much anything as
long as the guy is shave and clean and
all that stuff hygiene is a big thing of
course um I'm trying to think what else
um I like anything that involves me
being like my hands being held behind my
back or something um I sometimes get
like either my shirt like pull my shirt
down like imagine I I just pull this
shirt down so it's not on my shoulders
because it is like
tank-top pull it down and have it around
my waist and then he can hold it in
doggy style and like pull me toward him
with it so it's like rumpled around my
waist that's really cool or I can use a
belt for that using a belt to hold my
boobs together for titty-fucking that's
cool so I don't have to hold them
because you usually have to hold them
together because they are they do behave
a lot like real boobs where they will
fall to the side or you know won't be
squished together for that purpose but
yeah I I think this is a pretty fun
topic a lot of people won't talk about
it as frankly and as fun as I will girls
it seems like we'll either be really shy
about it or they'll be like too sexual
about it like when you're talking about
it on YouTube and you're just like doing
an an educational or a you know
entertaining video you don't have to be
like and then he bends me over and I
like I always see that it's kind of like
attention-grabbing or like a way to
mitigate that you are kind of
uncomfortable talking about the topic
but I'm not uncomfortable talking about
the topic at all and I like talking
about the topic and I like to gauge
other people's reactions and like what
do you guys like I like to talk about it
in the comments and I read all the
comments up until like a week after the
video has been done and then later I'll
come back if I really liked the video
I'll come back a couple months later and
like check and see if there's anything
new but mainly in the first couple days
I really like the conversation back and
forth with the viewers so let me know
what kind of positions you like the best
and why is it because the feeling is it
because of the way the girl looks like I
said um but yeah those are my favorite
sex positions and at some point when I
get the ability to film in different
areas in my house and stuff I will do
demonstration videos for sex positions
obviously I'll be clothed so it doesn't
get taken down or anything but I'll need
like a male model for this maybe I'll
get Jay to do it it will be fun um so I
can show you guys different positions
I like couch sex a lot more than I like
bed sex my bed is kind of like breaking
and it's also a tempur-pedic type bed so
it doesn't um it doesn't have springs in
it so it doesn't like give as much like
back push and I also have a headboard
that like hits the wall and stupid and I
like like being bent over my bed I like
you know being bent over things but I
prefer the couch because I can like sit
on top of the guy both ways I can be
like this like where he's behind me or I
can face him or we can you know do it
laying down if we have to
are bent over the side or on the Ottoman
so Goods bunch of options and there's
also a bunch of really cool sex
furniture out there so if you don't have
like a really versatile couch or you
don't have a couch at all I don't know
what the fuck's going on
you could try those they're kind of
expensive there's like sex swings and
stuff that you need like actual like
strong places in your roof in your house
where you can like bang them into like a
board or something I don't know the
fuck's going on but um yeah stuff like
that and there's also like just wedges
because I've heard that um I tried this
before it doesn't really help me but
I've heard that if you put a pillow
under your pelvis and elevate that a
little bit it feels better for the girl
but for me it just feels the same it's
not I don't I guess my vagina isn't
shaped that way or curved that way to
make it better I don't know tell me your
experiences let me know in the comments
and I'll see you guys soon
bye hey guys if you're join my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
in support of my youtube and livestream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes
hey there vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday is SEC 7 care and every other
Friday is going to be Friday night mail
or fanservice Fridays and don't forget
to subscribe to this channel as well as
my gaming youtube at youtube.com slash
Tara bathtub games and if you want to
watch my gameplay live don't forget to
check out Tara Babcock TV or twitch.tv
slash care about done subscribe and
don't forget to smile bye guys
