hey guys today I'm going to try to
tackle a very serious topic that was
suggested by viewer and that is a
suicide and depression and I'm going to
preface this by saying that I have never
been so depressed that I have actually
thought about suicide I've had my
teenage angst II periods where I you
know was like oh and I've been really
really really sad like I've like cried
myself to sleep any times over certain
things most live it most of it was in
the past it's been a very very long time
since I've had any I can't even remember
what it feels like but I know that it's
happened I know there have been times
where I've been so happy where I was
like I can't even possibly imagine being
this sad like there's nothing in my life
that could ever happen that would make
me this sad and then there have been
times where I actually became that sad
and something just happened that made
that so and I've always just
rationalized that it will get better and
it always does you know like if you're
just feeling a bit under the weather or
a bit of malaise where you just don't
really know what's wrong but you're just
kind of sad or depressed for whatever
reason maybe it's you know it's raining
outside it's making you depressed but
you can't really pinpoint why you're sad
you just feel kind of down a really good
way to deal with that is to just take a
nap just sleep it off it actually you'll
wake up feeling so much better but
depression is not something that to be
taking lightly it's pretty different
than just being sad it's actually a
chemical imbalance in the brain most of
the time and it's not it doesn't really
necessarily have to do with any specific
life event it's actually an issue that
you should go seek help for and you
should talk to someone and you should
definitely check it out I believe that
most insurance providers will work with
people who have who need to see a
psychologist or a psychiatrist it's it's
definitely a thing that's considered a
real issue and if you don't change it no
amount of good things in your life can
actually make you feel better it's
actually a chemical imbalance in your
brain where you don't really can't
really pinpoint like oh my wife is
leaving me certain types of things but
it just makes you so sad that you could
end up committing suicide or having
suicidal tendencies or thoughts and I
think this is a huge problem so if
you're experiencing this right now you
should definitely talk to someone I have
had two instances two possible instances
of suicide from like a person I know in
my life one of them was a fan of my work
a fan of my modeling
and I met him at an event called
glamourcon he was this like tall cute
redheaded guy and he came from Britain i
think it was their wales i'm not quite
sure with a group of guys to go to
glamourcon to see a bunch of Playboy
models and porn stars and myself and we
took pictures and we talked and he
bought some of my merchandise and I gave
him some autographs and stuff and he was
like the sweetest guy ever and then a
couple months later someone messaged me
on Facebook and said that he had
committed suicide and taken his own life
and everything and it was just like
really sad to me because there was no
indication of there was anything wrong
and oftentimes that can be the case
another issue that happened to me if you
guys watched my draw my life you know a
little bit about this but um supposedly
my friend Andrews death was ruled a
suicide or an accidental death i'm not
quite sure which I was pretty young at
the time so I didn't want to delve too
much into the logistics I was just kind
of mad and pissed off at the same time
he was having issues with drugs and he
was also having issues with a drug
dealer that was dealing drugs to him and
he was kind of in too deep and needed
money and needed help and needed some
guidance and he came to me the night
before he was found dead and I was too
busy with my stupid boyfriend to deal
with him and for a while I felt guilty
but it's hard for me to feel guilty when
i rationalize it because you know there
are a bunch of different instances and
times when you can do something slightly
different and something doesn't seem
like a big deal at the time and then it
ends up being a huge life-altering deal
and you can't always predict that if one
of your friends says that they need you
I think it's best to just help them but
if you don't help them or if you're too
busy or you find yourself caught up in
your own issues or you just didn't
answer the phone it's not something you
can change it it's not your own fault
they made their own decisions and that's
something you have to understand you
can't blame yourself and blaming
yourself doesn't do anything because
rationally and honestly you can't go
back in time and you can't change
anything it's just it's something that
happened and what you need to do is
learn from it and keep the good memories
stored away and remember that person and
order that person by whatever mistake
you make don't make it again or whenever
you're sad remember that there's no real
reason to be sad in life like I have a
bit of a different opinion
of suicides and a lot of other people I
feel like it should be your right to
commit suicide if you feel honestly like
you don't want to live anymore it's your
body it's your life if you want to end
it go ahead and do it but at the same
time there's not really any reason to do
that I so it's kind of I'm conflicted in
my mind because it's like I don't really
like having someone be on suicide watch
or someone being told that they can't
end their own life under the perfect
circumstances like for instance there a
paraplegic that can't even move their
eyes or whatever and they can only think
and they're trapped in their own
personal hell like that kind of thing I
understand end in your life but a lot of
times people in their lives just because
they have a clinical condition like
depression or because they're going
through a rough patch or something is
going on in high school they're being
bullied and whether or not you're being
bullied or you lost the love of your
life or someone close to you died or
you're having a rough rough patch
financially it will get better and it
always gets better and there's always
more experiences in your life that you
don't want to miss out on you get one
life it's not like you get to just start
over if you're having a shitty one so
you should always value that over
anything as long as you're still able to
live I think you should continue on
living and I mean physically able to
live if you can't like move around on
your own and you had a terrible accident
and now your quality of life is you know
below anything else like even if you're
homeless you can come back from that you
can make something of your life and you
can you know create a life that's worth
living so it's very important to
treasure your life over anything else
and to not give up but at the same time
I am not religious so I don't see it as
something if you do it you're going to
hell but i also don't see it as a good
way out of just having a hard time in
life if you've ever been happy before or
if you can ever see yourself being happy
again you should just strive for
happiness and not let any kind of
depression or issues deal with it like
deal with your life in a way where you
just want to end it that's it's so sad
and it's so tragic when that happens and
I I can't imagine like I've actually had
a friend recently it was a couple years
ago who was talking about committing
suicide and I talked to him like all
night and kind of resolved it and now he
is the happiest person ever and I don't
want to give out names because he he was
a streamer and a lot of people my
know him but we're pretty good friends
and I just thought I told him what I
honestly felt I was like no you're a
great guy there's no reason to be doing
that that's stupid what you're thinking
right now just don't do it you have a
family you have a life you have people
that care about you it's selfish to just
end it when you're in a rough patch and
now he's the happiest guy ever and he's
got a new job and he's got you know new
prospects and you know he's having a
great time the way he dealt with that
was talking with me and going out and
partying and I feel like a lot of people
get into coping mechanisms for their
sadness that can be destructive in
themselves like drinking too much or
going out and having like casual sex
where you have no actual moral compass
anymore and I feel like you just need to
talk someone talk to someone it doesn't
have to be a professional it can be a
friend you can fight in it can be family
and if someone's not being supportive of
you I think you should rid them of your
like out of your life there's no reason
to keep someone around who's not
supportive of you if someone doesn't
take your issues seriously if someone
doesn't take your sadness seriously if
someone's not there for you then kick
them out of your life because you
deserve people who will be there for you
who do see the value in your life and
you can't love anyone or have anyone
love you in any kind of capacity before
you love yourself so go see a doctor
call a hotline talk to a friend if you
don't have any friends just talk to a
stranger make new friends go out and do
something social and a lot of the times
when I am feeling down I can't really to
speak to being suicidal because my life
is great but there are people who have
great lives who are depressed there are
people who you think have amazing lives
like famous people celebrities you know
the people that you idolize these people
also have hardships in their lives and I
think a lot of people don't understand
that everyone has a time where they're
you know feeling down in the dumps or
they hit rock bottom or they're
depressed or they don't know why but
they're just sad and they're not happy
with their lives and the best thing you
can do is think positively do things
that will take your mind off of whatever
is making you sad if there actually is
an entity that's making you sad if you
can't pinpoint why you're sad but you
just feel like you don't want to live
anymore you just feel the press and feel
unfulfilled you should go talk to
someone professional about it because
professionally about it because they can
help you and
there's never a reason to commit suicide
it's you should always try like if
you're suicidal at least wait 10-15
years and find something to live for
there's always something to live for so
yeah hopefully that wasn't too
convoluted and I don't know I'm really
bad at this kind of thing I'm really bad
at a processing emotions in a non
logical way I'm really bad at empathy
I'm really bad at all that but hopefully
I was able to articulate this well and I
hope people who watch it if any of you
guys are depressed I'm here for you I
love talking to my viewers i love
responding to you guys just be happy
like watch find someone on youtube that
you enjoy watching who makes you smile
that happens a lot of people have said
that about a lot of the famous youtubers
just find something in your day-to-day
life that makes you forget about
whatever stressing you out so i love you
guys so much don't you dare thinking
about don't you dare thinking about I'm
so asian racism I'm so fresh off the
boat don't you dare think about leaving
me I love you guys I hope you guys are
having a good day and I'm gonna go
stream because I'm feeling a little
silly right now and not serious so yeah
also if you guys haven't heard yet I'm
making videos that are rambly because i
know you guys liked me to stay on topic
so i'm making videos that are rambling
and about like what's going on in my
life and i'm posting them to patreon so
if you're a patreon patron you'll be
able to see those if not you guys get
the fresh unadulterated with a bunch of
Tarot rambling videos here on YouTube I
love you guys you guys are so wonderful
and so supportive of me I wouldn't be
able to do this without you guys you
guys are like my support system
seriously whenever I feel sad I just
like read comments and it just makes me
feel better and whenever I feel sad I
don't know why I just take a nap so if
you're feeling kind of off today take a
nap watch a video laughs laughter is the
best medicine have sex as I've said in
my last video or my future video I'm not
sure which way I'm going to upload it
sex is fucking amazing medicine you'll
feel great afterwards all right guys bye
hey guys if you're enjoying my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars and
supported my youtube and live stream and
get some cool exclusive content while
you're helping me reach my goals blank
is down in the description thank you
anything hopes hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic blogs except
wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other wednesday at sex 7 care
and every other Friday is going to be
friday night mail or fanservice fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my game play live
don't forget to check out care about TV
or twitch TV blast here about gun
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
