hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail I am so fucking hyped
about this this is the first day I've
ever tried 5-hour energy and so I'm
gonna be a little hyper and it's gonna
be a lot more fun so let's do it
we've got lotsa packages let's full
start out with this package right here
from amazon fulfillment services I'm
just gonna rip the shit out of it haha
let's see what's up oh oh it doesn't say
who it's from though that's sad
got me some more flash tape aka wardrobe
tape so if I wanted this piece to stay
right here or this piece to cover my
nipple I could just put it there it's
like double back tape it's really
fucking amazing I cannot get enough of
this it's why I have like five of them
on my wish list cuz I always want to
have enough of the flash tape this is a
model secret it's also like a
fashionista girl secretive so if you
have anything like this chick is wearing
right here if you can see that look at
that shit she's got some fucking low
shit anyway
if you want it can you get brighter
thank you anyway
if you want to tape this to your tips to
your tips don't come flying out in the
middle of the night as you're dancing in
the club this is for you or more
frequently if you are a cosplayer or
someone who likes to wear sexy clothes
like me it's perfect awesome
yes and I can stream without worrying
about my titties coming out so yeah
let's move on to the next thing I think
I was too verbose for that tiny item
that wasn't that significant but thank
you so much for buying it for me I
fucking love it okay second we have this
thing which is kind of ruined hopefully
it's not actually ruined and hopefully
it's not made of anthrax or something oh
my god fuck is that someone just like
died upstairs I don't even know if you
can heard that but oh nipple pasties oh
yeah I would put them on right now but
then I'm gonna save them for fanservice
Friday which is I know you guys's
favorite day of the week fucking awesome
thank you for the nipple pasties they're
like little hearts with sequins on them
with tassels and you cannot go wrong
with tassels fuck yeah I'm gonna be like
thank you we've got more presumably
pasties I'm not quite sure oh yeah
we've got infinite pasties infinite hand
to pasties it's like this is a set of
one and this is a set of one how many of
these oh my god and then Oh
my god it's so many faces haha thank you
so much I don't even know who's sending
this shit to me
didn't say anything in the package but I
am eternally grateful for this mini hand
pasties this means I can go somewhere
with hand pasties numerous amounts of
times thank you so much next we have
this lovely envelope look at all the
Hello Kitty stickers it's amazing I love
it so much
these Hello Kitty stickers are so cute
let's carefully open it so as to not
ruin everything about this beautiful
package and it looks to be a letter and
a drawing one of my favorites
hello it's nymphetamine your hands down
my favorite streamer huh streamer oh she
said steamer haha streamer okay youtuber
model etc oh you're my inspiration to do
all these things and to improve myself
anyway my drawings aren't very good but
I hope you like it course I'm gonna like
it duh what the fuck oh
once my skills improve I'll do another
oh let's see the drawing oh it looks
great
this is awesome I love it so much thank
you no feta mean you were so sweet I
love it as I've said before I really
really really need to get like a
billboard so I can put these things on
this is fucking amazing I love the
drawings with me thank you so much I'm
so excited I just want to hug it but I
want to ruin it and the Hello Kitty
sticker is perfect touch thank you so
much
our next package is this very it's very
tightly there's like no room in here to
breathe actually there is kind of if you
go vertically like this but yeah um this
is from grab deals I don't I don't know
what that is I'm assuming it's just an
Amazon Fulfillment thing again open it
up girl you know you wanna show me what
you got inside it's just from grab deals
no one's telling me who the fuck is
sending these things but it is lime sour
patch gum I love this shit I live off of
this shit I love the fucking orange ones
that I got earlier this is fucking
amazing thank you so much yeah
we've got another manila envelope from
pasties oh this is gonna be more pasties
awesome I love me some pasties as soon
as I put them on my wish list they got
immediately bought for me it's wonderful
I love it okay this is from John hi Tara
enjoy your gift
John from patreon I hope you enjoyed
these Thank You beautiful
mm-hmm John you are helping me with fan
service greatly oh yeah
skull pasties and their pink whoa this
is gonna be awesome I thought about it
and I was like everyone's gonna fucking
love if I do some pasty nipple fuckin
patreon fanservice stuff so extra
content on patreon with this after I do
the fanservice on YouTube for everyone
all right thank you John and I'm
assuming that you got me all the other
pasties too so thank you for that
you are awesome yes pasties not just
only for me but also for the viewers
haha this it's for Genia oh my god so
genia is like this sexy chick who's like
a lesbian inch or a lesbian or she likes
small asian dick and if you are on my
stream you probably know who she is
she's fucking great and she went to
Japan recently so she brought me back
some stuff I'm super excited to see
what's in here
we've got those Japanese posters let's
open it up and see what kind of shit it
is oh my god
I think it's naked so we're gonna we're
gonna open it up and look at it
privately oh she's all like oh oh what
is naked amazing okay how do I do this
oh oh I can't see her pussy right oh
there's no pussy all right just like
that oh it's so fucking good thank you
genius
this is a manga 100% shirt and
unfortunately I think it's gonna be in
Japanese oh it's more than one manga oh
shit this is bullshit I love it she's
totally naked on the back they're
totally naked it's all nakedness oh my
god thank you Jeannie oh you are fucking
amazing
she loves hentai I love hentai where
hentai sisters and we should totally
make out so genius more titty is unlike
really really wet pussies down here I
just can't show you any of this book
this book is just like 100% needing to
be fucking it needs to be censored oh my
god she's sitting on a guy's dick and
they're like kind of censoring his dick
but not really and then she's just
enjoying it and he's like licking her
pussy or something
and she's like dripping wet so many
juices flowing from her vagina it's just
the craziest thing ever and there they
put a little tiny square to censor her
clit it's very strange okay let's look
at the other book in this book it
features there's a little bit of dick
sucking and she's fingering herself and
she is massively wet her panties like
cannot get any more wet and she's
bending over and now her shirts off and
you can see her titties and they're nice
and perky and she's getting fucked by a
kind of small dick that's bent upward
it's not very good but she looks like
she's enjoying it because she's drooling
and crying and dripping from all
orifices and there you go that's the
censored version thank you so much geniu
I love this hentai shit you weren't
fucking amazing you know me so well we
should get together soon okay next we
have this squishy issue box I don't know
what the fuck is going on here I have no
idea what's going on but it's from the
same homegrown this is okay so anytime I
get something from China or Japan it's
the exact same yet so it's China it's
the exact same name and I think it's
just like a Province in China where
everything is created I'm not sure if
they have like a development district
but I hope I don't break anything here I
don't know how to open this it's like
made of tape like there's no actual
packing here it's just 1% tape oh shit I
see it now it's some cosplay gear from
my one of my favorite franchises about
my favorite but one of my favorites cuz
it's not from about a war it is from
assassin's creed highly detailed replica
of Ezio Auditore 'he's armored vambrace
spring loaded action whoa dude okay
let's open this shit I think it's made
of plastic so that like cosplayers and
shit can bring it places cuz you know
I'm just walking around minding my own
business da da da da pretty sick right
I've got my own Ezio Auditore fucking
vambrace fuck hidden blade kill you up
and shit you know I just got to figure
out how to make it stay back
so it's not always just popping out when
I don't want it to pop out pretty cool
though right
oh thank you so much where did this come
from does it say I don't think it says
why I want it stay back when I lock it I
wanna I want to jump from high buildings
and like shank people with this now I
think it would be really cool next
package it says fragile do not crush but
it feels like a plushy so it's weird oh
my god
no way so me they old bought me the
tails backpack oh thank you
Oh tails has always been one of my
favorite game characters I cried and
cried and cried and begged my parents to
find me a tail stuffed animal when I was
younger and they found like the only one
that existed ever that was in some like
import shop because back in the day
sonic could just come out like it had
just started to be a thing and it wasn't
so prevalent to just find stuffed
animals of everything in the internet
wasn't so prevalent so they found me it
and um I have one that's like really old
and loved and stuff and I decided I
wanted this one which is a backpack and
you open his head and you can like fit
stuff in there not very much stuff
granted I could get like maybe some dice
or something in there but he's so cute
oh I love him so much thank you so much
Musil you are fucking amazing you buy me
everything I've ever wanted on League
and are you fine you fucking things for
my videos thank you so much you are
awesome
andrew darius buddies alright moving on
we've got another box let's just rape it
Oh
open up box bitch we've got this and it
says hi Tara enjoy your gift love your
videos keep them up smiley face from max
thank you max let's see what's in here
I'm guessing it's a game it's usually a
game all the Herbie movies oh these are
my favorite growing up I'm so happy
about this Love Bug Herbie writes again
Herbie goes to Monte Carlo and Herbie
goes bananas thank you so much let's see
what else I have in here oh we've got
this now I put this on my wish list
because I needed a memory card holder
that was cute enough for me for all of
my memory cards now that I have a
billion and it's really cute like inside
you can just like hold the SD cards and
there's like pages and pages and it's
pink it's awesome ah thank you
and then we have this holders for
different lenses so we've got like the
really big lens the medium-size lens
which is the one I'm using right now I'd
probably put it in here and in the tiny
lens or maybe I'd put that in the tiny
lens holder I don't know it comes out
like this and it's got little little
drawstrings I keep it safe in there and
you can clip it on it's so cute so thank
you for all the camera gear you are
fucking awesome I love you back so great
all right we've got another I Amazon
Prime Box girl all right a gift from
Mark cheetah hi Tara this thing costs
more than my own microphone but you
deserve nothing but the best and I
really like you keep making your great
content love Martita Oh mark it's my
fucking oh I can't even right now
fucking no Mike I don't have to have
shitty audio anymore I don't have to
have this stupid thing plugged in I'm
fucking it wrong get into my hair and
shit so fucking worst all I'm so excited
about this you don't even know this came
recommended to me by a girl who a knows
audio and she wanted me to check out
this and look it comes in a really cool
little oh it's got a little thingy so
cute
and there it is so beautiful comes with
a little thing and it comes with the
thing that goes on top the other thing
and it's a little shootie thing and this
is supposed to be mono so I have to edit
my videos a little bit differently but
it's supposed to be really high-quality
and it's gonna be right there in front
of me so I don't have to worry about
having anything on me which is amazing
and it came in time you didn't think it
would come in time but it came in time
thank you so much mark you are a god oh
my god all the things you've got me over
the weeks have been fucking amazing
you make my content so much better thank
you so much ten thumbs up even though
only have one so one times ten okay
this final box the final box is a little
bit big it's a little bit bigger it's
really easy to open I like that it's my
air box oh my god it's a box inside a
box you know how much I hate that shit
I Tara had to get you the piccolo since
he was one of my favorite DBZ characters
enjoy your gift from me Zeile its
piccolo piccolo is my favorite DBZ
character of all time even though he
becomes kind of pointless near the end
you can't ever you know add up to the
other
sayings and shit other sayings these
sayings he's namekian okay but this is
an amazing action figure you have to see
it holy fucking shit
so fucking sexy am i right oh my God
look at him look at him right there
he's a golden fucking hooker Oh on the
back it shows you a picture of his ass
he's got a very nice ass I wonder I
wonder if he's like in the position to
twerk right now you see that twerking
piccolo oh my god so sexy I love this
figurine I love how in action he looks
like he isn't this I like it better than
the ones that are like poseable or that
have joints I really just like this like
collectible type figurine it's so
fucking amazing and it says easy to
collect and cool style and I do agree
it's easy to collect and it's got a cool
style so fucking amazing this has been
one of the best Friday night males oh my
god and every single one is so fucking
awesome I get so hyped and all the
awesome stuff that I have for my
backgrounds that I can use that upgrades
my content you guys are just so fucking
amazing thank you so much oh if I could
give you all an extended cuddle hug I
would do it but I can't because I'm here
in front of my camera and not physically
in front of you guys but if you ever see
me on the street girl hi come say hi
come hug me come laughs we'll make out
and stuff well maybe not really but you
know depends maybe for like really
superhot a little tongue action you know
too much caffeine anyway you guys are so
fucking amazing
I I can't say it enough thank you so
much thank you me they'll mark genea my
favorite hentai girl who else fucking
everyone on amphetamines you're so
adorable
I just love you guys so much thank you
max everyone I love you thank you don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel and make sure you stay tuned
for next week's
fanservice Friday and I'll see you in
two weeks with bright and Knight males
thank you know what if you want to send
me anything anything at all my address
is down in the description and it's also
attached to my Amazon wishlist so thank
you hi guys hey guys
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and support with my youtube and
livestream and get some cool exclusive
content while you're helping me reach my
goals link is down in the description
thank you anything else
hey there vlog and fan service lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is gonna be normal update and topic
vlogs except Wednesdays are gonna be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Tara Reid's comments
and every other Wednesday at sex 7 care
and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming youtube at
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out terrible TV or
twitch.tv slash Caravaca subscribe and
don't forget to smile bye guys
