hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week we're gonna talk
about how you approach a casual sexual
relationship I want to put emphasis on
how to tell someone that you're not
looking for anything other than sex and
friendship without hurting or confusing
your partner there's nothing wrong with
not wanting commitment but it is wrong
to lead on or not be transparent about
it let's start by talking about why
someone might not want to commit for
those of you who don't understand her
for those of you who have been hurt by
someone who didn't want to commit to you
one that they are not looking to hurt
you
it has nothing to do with you being
worthy don't look at it as a personal
attack on you to some people just aren't
ready to settle down it's a very
personal choice we need decide whether
or not you want a relationship maybe
you're afraid of commitment or maybe you
are at a time in your life when you just
want to focus on work maybe you feel
that you haven't experimented enough
sexually and you want to mess around and
play the field there are tons of reasons
why people might want a sexual
friendship over having a committed
relationship and many of these reasons
are very healthy and understandable 3
sometimes you guys are only compatible
sexually have you ever met a person you
just want to hate fuck how about someone
that you're very sexually passionate
about but you could not see marry there
are people who have crazy sexual
chemistry but their life goals and
values just don't add up
sometimes it just makes sense to have
sex friendship and nothing else
so how would when do you bring this
topic up the earlier the better
basically it's kind of fucked up if you
lead someone on making them make it you
want a relationship when you don't let
them know in the first date that you're
not looking for anything serious and
you're just looking for friends with
benefits and don't just stop at saying
those cliche words actually add
boundaries and stick to them and don't
be afraid to break things off the
boundaries are broken either if you feel
like your partner might be developing
feelings or he or she is asking for more
make sure not to indulge them it can end
up in feelings getting hurt and hopes
getting up down the line I know I can be
a sensitive and annoying topic but
you'll save both parties a lot of drama
and hardship if you just start open with
your intentions gotta communicate as I
always say and remember it's a very
common to think that you're developing
feelings when you're having a sexual
relationship with someone the best thing
to do is enjoy those feelings but be
realistic and honest with yourself and
your partner are you really ready to
commit is this person even good for you
on paper and do you like it enough that
the former doesn't even matter and of
course do they feel the same people may
decline to have a casual relationship
with you and the relationship might even
end before the sex starts the
conversation might be awkward and
difficult but it must be done your
yourself and the person wrong by lying
or leading them on just don't do it once
you find someone who's actually up for
that kind of relationship and you're
honest with each other you can finally
relax and have incredible gilts emotions
and strings free sex it'll be so much
better when you're open about what you
want I promise
now for my personal anecdotes I've had a
lot of relationships where I don't want
any strings usually one person ends up
having feelings and I'm terrible at
breaking up with people so I kind of end
up just not being interested in them
anymore they get really bored with most
of my sexual partners pretty quickly I
kind of like romanticize them and then
when they don't live up to my standards
I'm like I'm done with this but for me I
always just follow my urges and emotions
and enjoy them and then when it kind of
trickles off I have to get better it
kind of being like I'm done with this
but other than that it's been going
great
it takes practice of being good at
having comfortable conversations about
this stuff
all right guys let me know in the
comments if you have any anecdotes of
your own about having casual sex with
someone or being in a
friends-with-benefits situation did it
end well was it good was it fun are you
still doing that kind of thing or is it
not for you also don't forget to post in
the comments what topic you want me to
cover in the next sex side with Tara
actually the next sex of the Tara is
taken up but the next next sex of the
Tara you can choose the topic let me
know what you think like the video
subscribe to the channel and I'll see
you in two weeks bye guys
oh and keep fucking casually hey guys my
free content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supported my YouTube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything else
hey there's vlog and fan service lovers
I just wanted to let you guys know that
I now have a serious upload schedule
every day is gonna be normal update and
topic vlogs except Wednesdays are gonna
be interchangeably Tara Reid's comments
and sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comments
and every other Wednesday at sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara bathtub games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out tear about TV
or twitch.tv slash care about that
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
