hey guys I have come blessed and I am
back and I'm feeling better and I need
to make some fucking content because I
am so behind on both channels so one
revelation I had while I was sick and
taking a break is that I am going to
stop rambling as much because you guys
hate it so I'm just gonna try to get to
the topic as soon as possible so one
thing that I'm going to do to rectify
that where I could still ramble and talk
about my life and not do the exact topic
is to make more videos that you can only
see if you were a patreon patron if
you're interested in learning about
what's going on with my life or what
upgrades I've made I'm gonna be posting
a video today on patreon the same day
that this goes up talking about my life
and stuff so let's just get straight
into the topic the sexual powers healing
powers of sex is what I meant actually
um I've been talking about doing this
video for a couple days or a week or
something I don't know it depends um and
I did my hair like this because I
couldn't get it to work today was just
awful and I don't like my new eyelashes
everything it's kind of fucked up I hate
it when I take a couple days off from
doing things with makeup and being
myself because I'm sick and then I can't
get back into the groove for a couple
days it sucks and I'm also pale but
anyway um so have you guys ever noticed
that when after you have sex you feel
fucking amazing and I'm not talking
about just like you know after you come
or you know that high that you get from
running one or the other just doesn't
feel the same as it feels when you've
had a successful sex session it's like
everything just goes away if you were
ever stressed if you ever had a headache
like I literally love having sex when I
feel sick because it immediately makes
me feel better as soon as I get into the
mode of having sex and doing the
physical activities to have sex it
completely goes away like all of my
feelings of malaise or anything like
that where I just feel sick it's gone
like immediately it's so fucking amazing
right and I don't know if he doesn't
have experienced this so tell me in the
comments if you've experienced it but
I've tried masturbating and that doesn't
do the same thing I tried going for a
run and that doesn't do the same thing
so I thought that maybe it has to do
with the the cardio aspect that you have
that isn't there
you masturbate and maybe it has to just
do with an orgasm but it's not just an
orgasm sure I feel good after an orgasm
but it's not like I'm in my own utopia
for a while and it lasts for like 30
minutes and then I start getting my
headache back and it's kind of
counterintuitive because a lot of the
women will tell you like oh I have a
headache so I don't want to have sex
today and stuff but that is completely
just stupid because no matter how much
effort you have to put into the sex you
feel so much better after enduring and
it's just it's the most amazing thing
ever like I've never felt anything that
compares to how I feel after I've had
actual sex rather than masturbating or
just you know doing cardio or whatever
else you think makes you feel better it
is literally the best thing in the world
and you know I think it has to do with
the endorphins that you that you release
when you have really good sex that
causes you to orgasm and then it also
has to do with the endorphins that are
released I guess when you have sex with
someone that you like and I think that
is why there is the like just
over-the-top amazing feeling after and
it's just like I just want to relax I
just want to chill I get a little sleepy
I'm just like so comfortable and relaxed
and it feels so fucking good and I can't
even describe it so I just fucking love
having sex and that's one of the reasons
why I think so many of you need to stop
like having a stick up your butt about
sex because it feels good it's like an
actual healer it releases endorphins it
makes you feel better you have this like
relaxed high that is better than any
drug you could you know ingest or smoke
any kind of like activities that you can
do because I know when I go up for a
cardio session I often feel kind of sick
afterwards like sometimes if I'm not in
the the greatest like mood it will make
me kind of nauseous or it'll make me
really tired and just want to sleep kind
of like the whole like I don't have any
energy type thing or it like does a
bunch of other things that are sometimes
like when you get that running high when
you run for a certain amount of time the
running high kicks in afterwards when
you stop you kind of like have you seen
the runners that do like track and they
end up like throwing up and stuff like
that
it's kind of like that where it's not
the most pleasant feeling if you've done
a lot of exercise and I haven't been
able to make myself feel good the way
that I do after sex with running or with
mass
patient and with masturbation it's like
it's a release and you feel kind of good
but you don't feel feel like wholly
fulfilled where you just like everything
is right in the world and I've like
started having sex when I'm really
stressed out start having sex when I
feel really sick when I feel just like
down when I'm tired when I'm like way to
energize in the hyper and afterwards
it's the exact same effect every single
time where I just feel fucking great and
so I wanted to know why that is why is
it that like running doesn't do it
masturbation doesn't do it but like
amazing sex just does everything for you
and it feels so fucking good
so um girls if you have been telling
your man or even guys on the flip side
if you guys have been saying oh I have a
headache I don't really feel like it
tonight oh I'm not really in the mood I
really think you should push toward
doing it and doing more often and as
much as you possibly can like once a day
twice a day more than like once a week
or a couple times a week because it
actually has healing properties that
just make you feel fucking amazing and
it just fucking great and I love it so
much oh it's awesome
the next topic is going to be on suicide
and depression it was suggested by
suggestion suggested by a viewer and I
don't really like to tackle things like
that because I feel like they're too
heavy heavy and they're too deep and the
way I process and talk about things is a
little bit too analytic and the
analytical side of things doesn't really
help people who are in that situation
because it's a wholly emotional
experience and I'm not really good at
that type of thing but I would like to
turn my best to tackle it because
someone wants me to tackle it so let me
know if you have any other topics and if
you want to see what's going on with my
life I've made a couple of changes and
stuff check out my patreon page
patreon.com/lenguin
- see we talk about a certain topic and
how I feel and don't want to get all the
the blabbering and the blue brewing and
stuff and me just like talking about
nothing it seems like the higher my
production quality got the more I
shifted toward having to have more
professional topics where it's less
verbose and more to the topic because
people are looking for that certain sort
of thing if they're watching a high
quality video as opposed to me just like
laying on the floor being very informal
I still want to talk informally I still
don't want to make a bunch
jump cuts and I don't want to do
anything like that but I do want to find
a happy medium where I still have the
blabber e-content that people enjoy and
the more informal content that people
enjoy and then I also have my topics
that are just straight forward to the
point like this is about this topic and
that's all it is so yeah I don't forget
to like the video and thanks for
watching let me know if you have ever
had sex that didn't result in feeling
really great and let me know if it's
because maybe the person I have sex with
I really enjoy and I like a lot and it's
also good sex so those two combine to
make me feel something that a lot of
people don't feel if they have on
fulfilling sex or if they don't orgasm
or I don't know what it is but it seems
like the stars align every single time I
have sex so I can't get enough of it bye
guys hey guys if you're enjoying my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and support of my youtube and livestream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me you reach my
goals link is down in the description
thank you anything helps hey there vlog
and fan service lovers I just wanted to
let you guys know that I now have a
serious upload schedule every day is
gonna be normal update and topics vlogs
except Wednesdays are gonna be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Tara Reid's comments
and every other Wednesday at sex 7 care
and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming youtube and
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out Tara back on
TV or twitch.tv slash care about gun
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
