hey guys welcome to a new episode of
fanservice Friday's the show that offers
you nothing but gratuitous fanservice
with the message that you should never
take yourself too seriously and it's
okay to have fun with your sexuality
this week we have the bikini vlog yes
now this week's fanservice Friday was
brought to you by my beautiful patrons
at patreon I wouldn't be able to do it
without you guys I set a goal to get to
a thousand bucks a month and you guys
got me there pretty fucking quickly so
as always there's going to be more
content on patreon so if you're a patron
on my patreon page don't forget to check
that out because you'll be missing out
on a lot of extra content if you don't
today we're gonna be talking about
different kinds of bikinis this is by
far my favorite bikini because I just
really like that it doesn't have to go
above my neck if that makes any sense
like it's not a halter top it's just
kind of going around and staying there
and looking sexy and I'm going to show
you a modeling picture that I did in it
because I am actually selling this
bikini on my website or I was I don't
really like to advertise my website very
much but um this is the picture that I
took in this bikini so sexy so much fun
I love the back of it even though it's
not that a covering but I'm going to try
to be as sexy in these bikinis today as
possible without actually getting in
trouble so my second favorite type of
bikini is this kind of bikini and this
is basically just like a really small
bikini I don't even know this is my
second favorite type oh I'm like hitting
this my bed I don't even know this is my
second favorite type I would say that my
favorite type even beyond this I don't
know I just love all kinds of bikinis
but um one of my favorite types is this
one now this is a micro bikini and it
says one size because does it matter if
you have tiny titties our big titties it
always has to do is cover your nipples
that's all and it looks fucking sexy and
I'll show you later as well what it
looks like and I also have a picture of
me wearing it
because this was also from my online
store oh yeah I don't know which way
this is supposed to be this was gonna
say oh yeah so sexy I kind of ruined
these I would have to like retake them
but anyway um I don't own any bikinis
where I can actually go to a public pool
around here or a beach and not get in
trouble I only own a string song bikinis
Brazilian bikinis micro bikinis these
kinds of bikinis that have plenty of
underboob
why don't I just show you some sexy
footage of me bikinis and remember as I
get to my perfect weight as I get
different places to shoot and as the
weather changes and as I get more
equipment I'll be able to do sexier and
cooler fanservice Fridays so this is
just the beginning and I'll definitely
revisit the bikini blog like somewhere
outside by a pool or something when I
get to my perfect weight and I can do it
like the way I envisioned it in my head
but this is just a little teaser for
right now
alright guys I hope you enjoyed don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel and make sure you check out
more of my fanservice Fridays and of
course you can post in the comments if
you have any ideas of what I should do
like jumping jacks stuff like that
hope you enjoyed hey guys we're joined
by free content you want to keep my
content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars in support of my youtube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you anything helps hey
there vlog and fanservice lovers I just
wanted to let you guys know that I now
have a serious upload schedule every day
is gonna be normal update and topic
blogs except Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara
so that means every other Wednesday is
Terry's comment and every other
Wednesday is sex settings here and every
other Friday is gonna be Friday night
mail or fanservice Fridays and don't
forget to subscribe to this channel as
well as my gaming youtube and
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out Tara bat TV or
twitch TV slash care about gun subscribe
and don't forget to smile bye guys
