hey guys so today I wanted to talk about
a jealousy and how to deal with it i was
going to initially talked about the
healing properties of sex because i
think that's really cool topic but
someone in the comments gave me a great
suggestion about how does your jealousy
and i think i am a good teacher so to
speak of this kind of thing because i'm
so logical and because i have a
relationship that in most cultures would
require you to be jealous very often
because i don't go with the whole normal
conventions of relationships but first i
wanted to really quickly I promised a
refer back to my last vlog so there's
going to be a Terry's comments in
between the last vlog in this video but
the last actual vlog that I did I talked
about I hate hating misleading media and
a lot of people were kind of saying that
it's hypocritical and I want to explain
how it's not even possible that it's
hypocritical first of all you can't
compare me at all like I'm an
entertainment entity entity to an actual
reputable news broadcasting corporation
that you know is supposed to have some
kind of you know it's supposed to have
some kind of truth in it because people
base their whole like fiscal projections
on it and how the economy is going to go
and things that might actually change
their lives like you want to know what's
actually going on in the real world and
these people are meant to be serious and
tell you the facts and they sway you in
a direction that is very important in
your life like you want to know what's
going on with global warming or you know
what's going on with a new president and
how he is you know conducting his
campaign and if people are like
slandering him or have an ulterior
motive or you know different objective
to try to get you to think a certain way
that is completely corrupt and
absolutely fucked up and has nothing to
do with misleading titles or thumbnails
which I don't even do in fact I am like
the most like honest with my thumbnails
ever if I'm talking about sex it's going
to be talking about sex the entire video
if I have a picture of me and cleavage
I'm going to be in cleavage in the video
like always I don't try to hide that at
all I don't have anything wrong with
sexuality and I'm not misleading you
like Trisha Paytas does like I've talked
about before like Toby and PewDiePie do
it Tobuscus like I've been in a Tobuscus
lazy blog right and he entitled it hot
chicks reading and I was in it for
literally two
seconds with a squirrel Alyssa who's a
friend of ours mutually and literally I
couldn't even stop the video enough to
get a clear screen shot of us that's how
quickly we were in the video and he
entitled the whole video hot chicks
reading just to get people to click it I
don't fucking do that at all and then
some people bring up um like the banana
challenge and they're saying I thought
you were going to do something sexy with
a banana but all you did was eat it dude
does it say sexy banana challenge does
it say anal banana challenge does it say
I stick a banana in my asshole and it's
so hot challenged no it's just a banana
challenge was I challenged by that
banana yes I fucking was did I have a
picture of me sticking into my ass and
the thumbnail and that doesn't even
happen in the video no that didn't
happen and I feel like this is just an
instance of people reading the title and
then going in and immediately having an
opinion on the video before even
watching and that's exactly what I'm
talking about guys you just hear like a
second of something and then you have an
opinion and then you write about it and
then you have a strong opinion about it
then you argue with people on the
internet what the fuck you don't even
know what I talked about in the video if
you're saying that I can be equated to
misleading media in the capacity that
I'm talking about it in the actual video
fucking retarded and then someone also
brought up that I say cum tribute Tara
Reid's comments number blah blah now
everyone knows the terriots comments
it's just me reading comments so the
title is going to be the most ridiculous
comment that I read and the most
ridiculous comment that I read was the
cum tribute video I think it's pretty
fucking stupid that people would say
that anyway rant over let's talk about
jealousy now as a lot of you know I'm
not into monogamy I don't have a
boyfriend I don't do the swingers party
stuff so and I don't really like to try
to put a label on what I have with Jay
and what I have with other men and women
because I just don't feel like I can jay
is beyond soulmate to me and everything
else is just fun and having sex because
sex is physical to me now usually people
don't do this in society because of the
jealousy aspects like obviously there's
the tradition and being raised to think
a certain way but there's also the
aspect of just oh my god I would be so
angry and jealous if some guy slept with
my girlfriend and that's just how people
react it's very selfish way to feel i
believe because you're holding someone
back from doing something that they
carnally want to do that would excite
them that would be fun for them that
would
let them explore the world it's
basically like holding them back from
experiences that they could be having
and let's say that there is another soul
mate out there that would be better for
them if you love them you would want
them to find that person not that that
and it's like it's like putting more
trust into the person when you are not
monogamous because you're trusting that
they're going to tell you exactly what's
going on in their mind that you know
everything about their fantasies and
that you're let in on everything that's
going on so you know that you're safe
and protected and it feels so much
closer when you don't have to hide that
kind of thing so many people these days
are hiding that they even like look at
other girls asses and it's fucking
stupid and ridiculous and to me I just
look at it and it's so immature it's
like you know some kid is playing with
your toy in the playground and you get
super mad and you walk over then you
look and now you want to bully him and
you have a problem and that's just
ridiculous I full I wholeheartedly
believe that the emotion of jealousy is
a negative one in all circumstances and
should be eradicated as much as you
possibly can with a rationale and logic
but let me differentiate between
jealousy and envy ok so the Webster's
dictionary in a bunch of other
dictionaries might just kind of lump
them together as synonyms but for me and
all intents and purposes of this video
I'm having a hard time talking it
happens a lot when I just took caffeine
I start stuttering and stuff and my mind
is going faster than my talking my mouth
so I kind of stutter anyway um so
jealousy to me and for the purposes of
this video is a when you are having a
negative emotion based on the feelings
that someone is trying to take something
that belongs to you so let's say you
know you have a best friend and that
best friend starts spending more time
with someone else or you feel like your
boyfriend is giving affection to some
other girl or is you know checking out
some other girl in you're worried that
you're gonna lose your station as his
girlfriend like that kind of thing is
jealousy and it's just unnecessary and
can be mitigated with you know rational
thinking conversations with your
boyfriend and trust basically so and
then on the other end of the spectrum is
envy and envy is like how I feel when
I'm watching the office yes I'm still
watching the office and I see Angela so
fucking short and tiny and I'm like oh
she's so cute I totally wish I had that
height and I totally wish I was that
tiny and cute
I'm only three inches taller than her I
really would like to be that short I
think it's adorable and I think it's
sexy and I think you can throw people
around in bed and I think if you have
big tits on that frame it's so hot and
she definitely has implants by the way
she just hides them pretty well you
should check out the episode where she's
wearing the nurse's outfit she totally
has fake boobs and they're little and
they're cute it's adorable anyway but um
some people will do negative things with
envy but Envy can be it can be something
that you know gives you gives you
motivation in the gym like when I go to
the gym and I see all these like really
fit hot girls or these really fit
Hawkeyes that gives me and Jay
motivation to just you know work harder
and reach the goals that you've set for
yourself because when you see someone
else who has reached your personal goals
you're like I want to get there on it
can strengthen you but of course envy if
you're in a bad state emotionally and
you have some insecurity issues or
whatever what have you it can be
negative like you can start treating the
person worse you can react negatively
you can be put in a bad mood but it
doesn't necessarily have to be negative
in my opinion jealousy and the way I
define jealousy does have to be negative
because it can be mitigated with you
know certain you know mature steps where
you just like talk to your boyfriend i
don't really like how you're doing this
it's making me insecure you can say well
i'm just doing this for blahdy blahdy
blah reasons you don't have to worry
about it or if he's honest you can be
like well yeah I kind of do have
feelings for her and then you can either
end the relationship or deal with it or
have counseling and talk it out it's all
about talking it's all about being
secure with yourself and if you're not
secure with yourself you're going to be
worried about your boyfriend cheating on
every fucking person or with every
fucking person because you don't feel
like you deserve someone who doesn't
treat you like that and then you end up
getting in bad relationships because you
don't see your own self-worth and that
kind of thing is just a slippery slope
that is just awful and if you're doing
anything negative to someone else
because you're jealous or envious of
them is just not okay so i used to be a
very jealous girl I used to subscribe to
the notion that there there was like
this ridiculous romance where a guy
would just fall in love with me and
never ever again look at another woman
and you know he would just like not have
any balls or testosterone it would just
be gone and everything would be perfect
and I you know that's just silly because
sex is physical and you are biologically
going to be attracted to other people
and if you act on it sure if you have
some contract with someone basically
where you're like
yeah we're monogamous and then they
break that trust that's breaking trust
but it's not necessarily breaking trust
if you don't have that contract and
you're like yeah I want you to
experience life I want you to have fun I
want you to enjoy things I want you to
bring girls over let's have a threesome
that kind of thing so what you have to
really just understand is that when you
feel that pang of jealousy which I still
do occasionally I still feel the
negative pangs of jealousy you just kind
of have to just think about why you feel
that way talk with your partner about it
talk with whatever's making you jealous
about it and just kind of be happy with
yourself and know that if something
happens that is unfavorable to you like
he starts cheating on you or he leaves
you or your best friend isn't hanging
out with you as much anymore that you
are worth better and that if someone's
doing you wrong or doing you harm that
they don't deserve you and that it hurts
and it sucks and you just have to move
on and just get over it basically
because dwelling on bad things in life
or trying to stick around when people
aren't treating you the way you deserve
or honoring the contracts the you know
social contracts that you have in your
life like I will always be there for you
as a best friend or I will never cheat
on you because that would hurt you type
of thing like if they are breaching that
contract then you should leave and find
someone who won't do that to you if you
know you're worried about it and you're
spending all your time and just
obsessing about it and you know treating
this girl who your boyfriend's flirting
with like shit or you know just having
negative days and then like ruining your
own relationship over the jealousy
that's just called insecurity and it's
immature and it shouldn't be there
because you should either be happy for
your boyfriend or you should you know
talk to him about it him or her I guess
I'm just like this is like random from
random perspectives so don't think that
it doesn't go both ways it goes every
which way male female female female male
male does matter it basically just has
to do with when you feel those pangs of
jealousy and you can you can learn to
logic yourself out of that kind of thing
at least i have and i can because it's
like that's silly you know i'm happy
with myself i'm happy with this
relationship but know if i'm not i'm
going to talk to this person about it
it's just simple as that now it's kind
of hard for me to empathize a lot with
very very deep-seated jealousy and
security issues because the things that
make me jealous have always also turned
me on which is kind of funny it's like I
sometimes get jealous like Jays fucking
hot chick but it's also really
fucking hot and like the jealousy kind
of fuels the sexuality and if I just
don't focus on the jealousy just becomes
like a really erotic sexual experience I
kind of like the whole peeping tom thing
as I've told you guys before one of my
fetishes is like watching a guy
masturbate or washing watching a guy
have sex with someone else and it's sexy
and like all of those aspects you can
just turn into something that is either
like logical and helpful to your
relationship or is you know sexy and
helpful to your sexual relationship and
if you can be open with your partner
about how you were feeling and you know
rationalize it it doesn't feel as
life-threatening it doesn't feel as
life-changing and just because you're
jealous doesn't mean you should be
holding someone else down just because
you're insecure doesn't mean you should
require certain ridiculous amounts of
you know someone trying to make you feel
better you should work on yourself and
make sure that you're in a happy place
with yourself before you ever have a
relationship if you don't love yourself
no one can truly love you because
they're loving this side of you that is
just flawed and hurt and needs to be
nursed and when you're trying to build a
relationship it's kind of a bad place to
build a relationship on you should build
a relationship in your life when you
have a stable job when you're happy with
yourself and when this person has a
stable job and they're happy with
themselves and then the stars align and
you're together and you're having fun if
it doesn't work out it's not necessarily
your fault or their fault it's just you
guys didn't work out and it wasn't meant
to be or the lifestyle you chose isn't
meant for you and you should try other
things in experiment and keep an open
mind so that's all I have to say about
that and hopefully that was articulate I
feel like I'm more articulate today now
that I've warmed up and gotten going
then I was the last vlog and I don't
feel like I did that vlog as much
justice as I should have it's kind of
hard for me to think of concrete topics
and using actual like examples because
sometimes i forget the examples and
sometimes i just want to go on a
monologue and it's hard so yeah bye guys
thanks for watching hey guys we're
joined by free content you want to keep
my content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars and supported my youtube
and livestream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goal
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topics vlogs except
wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comments
and every other Wednesday is sex 7 care
and every other Friday is going to be
friday night mail or fanservice fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash tara babcock games and
if you want to watch my game play live
don't forget to check out tara babcock
TV or twitch TV / tara babcock subscribe
and don't forget to smile bye guys
