hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Terry Jack you like your metaphorical
penis into your head at such force that
seminal shrapnel is left in your eye
sockets I mean Terry reads comments
let's go
starting with the gaming channel the
intro is pretty shitty I mean the intro
is me being sexy with my butt out so you
might be gay ter looks kind of nasty
without makeup to be honest did the to
be honest really have to be in there
you're clearly just trying to offend me
which isn't gonna work by the way so
does your mom that was annoying I
actually played the ps1 Spyros but the
demos only and you haven't played it my
friend when I was a child I got
PlayStation for Christmas with Tomb
Raider 2 I really loved it and became a
fan of the franchise playing every
single Tomb Raider until now although I
value two three and four the most I
still prefer to play the classics simply
for nostalgia beautiful feeling I agree
they just don't make games like they
used to but I think everyone kind of
feels that way it's like whatever you
were growing up with you like the most
or game developers have just sold out
these days yeah that's probably it I
played all of those except a machine
hunter looks fun though but my all-time
favorite is the monster rancher series
my cousin and I used 500 plus CDs and
games on mr2 dude I know right I would
just like put in like music CDs pretty
much everything CD ROMs from the
computer it doesn't matter dude that
fucking shit was so addictive you looked
hot in the donkey kong country to clip
s4s now I know that's share for share
but from your picture I would say suck
for suck blood that is poor case a
prostitue yes it's Mexican shit rack
really Tara stop dressing like a whore
you are making us men get far too
excited cut it out
pretty crazy that a whore has better
grammar and spelling and punctuation
than you do and your insults are kind of
lacking - you're mad because I'm making
you excited seems like a win-win for
both of us right I get to dress the way
I want and you get to be excited this is
really such a thing as too excited solid
video Tara keep doing those they're
totally worth our time wow I'm glad I
can finally create some content that is
worth your time
maybe reading that comment wasn't worth
my time
I I really wish I was your friend when I
was younger but I'm from a disk on tree
it's impossible for us to be friends
when you're from a different looks like
a loaded clone have you played let alone
heard of loaded Tara actually had I had
that game as well but machine hunters
just so much better how do you know that
it's a loaded clone maybe it's a clone
of machine hunter and it just did better
and you are stereotypical for liking the
mainstream version better
um hater is it me or does it look like
she's on a green screen it's just you or
my room is just that awesome you'd want
a green screen it I do have a lot of
games in memorabilia am I on a green
screen right now yuck you are a fight
money tons of stupid law and that's this
episode's irony of the day wow I see
progress Tara mmm becoming more and more
beautiful every day ah oh thank you
ocarina shaped my life your life must be
really awkward shaped cuz ocarinas are
kind of weird-looking they're like that
or something
some people say they have a well-rounded
life you have a well distorted life I've
been fighting for you trying to tell
people you're a true gamer well you know
what I am talking about the haters you
have a hard time I hate them guys I'd
kick their asses on real life for you
lull oh I really appreciate that but we
all know that haters are just haters and
they're probably not going to change
their minds and when they do they'll
find out on their own there's a plethora
of information out there pretty hard to
refute that I actually like aimed at
this point here is to someone making a
system that can play a game gear game
someday it's called just you know
plugging in your game gear and there
actually are emulation systems in like
package systems these days a lot of
those old systems and games lost their
copyright so companies are allowed to
make like emulation systems and stuff or
you can just emulate it and the paradise
make sure you check the legality though
alright let's go to the just suck a dick
nobody cares what you have to say
pointless idiot people most likely mute
the audio and relieve themselves looking
at your tits men are pathetic these kind
of people really pissed me off
seems like at the end there he kind of
started sticking up for me or something
I guess I should relieve I think you are
sexy year with the part I the middle
brings out your face and
Erbs more don't you love it when your
hair part brings out your boobs more
make a video about Nicole Arbour fat
shaming thing dear fat people honestly
I've already said all I need to say
about what I think about fat people and
people who are overweight I've made like
three videos on it I don't need to
elaborate any further you should play
ukyo on your gaming channel ok nip-slip
though rot yeah
stupid ass bitch you talk too damn much
and then right after on a different
video he says I like this dirty little
tramp
bro can you make up your mind please
high five dirty little tramp oh yeah
your tits are the only reason for
getting so much abuse and you know that
no body is listening to what you are
saying they are just watching and
watching and watching I wouldn't get
comments in the comment section about
the topic every single time if people
weren't listening also I think I need to
introduce you to porn where you can
watch and watch and watch all the tips
you want and they're actually naked 5
foot 4 what the fuck for some reason I
always thought you were at least five
ten to six foot one first of all I see
girls that are over six foot once a
month it's a very very rare talking
about what is it with this opinion where
people think I'm some super tall Amazon
chick it's weird do only tall girls have
big tits I I don't get it
I think if I was six foot and had tits
this big in proportion to my body they
would be like xxx or something look at
this guy having a conversation with me
instead of just saying that he thinks
he's my type Tara I like European guys
me
yes I'm European Tara I like me yes that
is exactly me I have the dark stuff Tara
I like me fuck shit fucking dammit
that's exactly how that conversation
will go I'm sure so I'm guessing you
wouldn't like the typical Norwegian dude
the fucker typical Norwegian dude
midgets with small penises I don't I
don't get it
one word space dot space poor space
exclamation point exclamation point so
original I think I want to marry you
actually no but all the feminist chicks
might want to marry you now good job I'm
glad you're sticking with that stance
there news flash people you jack off to
aren't whores you just like to jack off
to them this series is as original as
her blond her
only six foot long I am six two and only
fourteen oh my god have my panties under
aged man you had me in jailbait
here's another one you look pretty tall
how tall are you what the fuck please
explain to me down in the comments why I
look tall and where the fuck you get
that preconceived notion from it's not
possible I want to be shorter than I
already am you're so fucking fake you're
so illiterate so you basically want
someone who is the 1% typical shallow
women I don't think you know the
definition of shallow picky maybe
shallow no just because I have a
specific type doesn't mean I'm shallow
and just because you're not it doesn't
mean I would hate on you or some salt on
you you don't need any more salt
actually you just descript me well
actually in this video I'm pretty sure I
mentioned that I like intelligence so
I'm not really actually blowing into the
dick during a blowjob is nothing imagine
a guy pulling out a fork and knife when
he's trying to eat your pussy I think
we'll end the episode there don't forget
to like the video subscribe to the
channel and make sure you check out this
week's fanservice Friday bikini vlog
yeah and keep posting stupid shit in the
comments because it is always wonderful
to read I really appreciate your help
with the series in all honesty I love
you guys thank you for supporting my
content I will see you guys in two weeks
with Tara Reid's compliments bye hey
guys my free content you want to keep my
content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars and supported by YouTube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you anything helps hey
there vlog and fan service lovers I just
wanted to let you guys know that I now
have a serious upload schedule every day
is gonna be normal update and topic
vlogs except Wednesdays are gonna be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday is sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out Tara back on
TV or twitch.tv slash care about that
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
