mr. e taste my jizz so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want sup guys and welcome to a new
episode of Tara does something random
and it is 100% just for entertainment
value and has no philosophical advice or
content or commentary of any kind we're
just gonna be trying out the mystery
Oreos so as you guys know depending on
when I upload this I was recently sick
with a severe case of food poisoning I
had Jay go to the store for me to get me
7up and saltine crackers because that's
my absolute favorite thing when my tummy
is upset and he sent me a picture of
these and even though it made me cringe
to even think about eating something
sweet like this at that point I was like
Jay get me a bag and I'll try them in a
video so today we're gonna be taste
testing the limited edition mystery Oreo
I'm pretty sure that I'm the only person
in the entire world who would be okay if
mistery Oreo turned out to be just semen
semen in the middle nice cookie outside
I don't even know how this works are
they all one mystery flavor or is every
single one a different flavor and I'm
supposed to guess by eating the whole
fucking package which I'm not gonna do
I've decided to record this today
because honestly if I leave this alone
for another five seconds Jay's gonna eat
them he got apple pie Oreos and just
devoured them in a day while saying that
they weren't even that good and if you
guys have watched any of my taste test
videos before or any of the videos where
I try out candy that you guys have sent
me by the way I don't do that anymore
don't send me candy don't send me food
yeah I always eat it when it's halfway
gone because J is just devoured half of
it and just couldn't wait until I did my
video but today I was like Jay if you
fucking touch these I'll kill you so
without further ado let's go ahead and
try these out and if you're seeing this
video I'm probably too lazy to actually
do the video I promised or what's around
my birthday and I don't really have any
content for you guys so I just uploaded
something to upload something I hope you
guys enjoy my humor and my reactions
anyway fun fact
it smells like lemon this is what they
look like very ambiguously colored Oreos
just like regular Oreos but maybe a
little bit more cakey I don't know I
don't eat Oreos that often but in fact
though did you know that original Oreos
are vegan I would think that the middle
consists of some kind of gelatin gel
it's
by the way is like a disgusting compound
of like hooves and just awful stuff
melted down into a gel like blah yeah
let's just go ahead and try these
wonderfully not gelatin things hopefully
smells really really citrusy I don't
know and looks kinda just like a regular
Oreo which I guess has to be this
ambiguous because otherwise it would
tell you exactly what it is if it was
green or blue or pink or something you
would be like oh I associate this flavor
with this what with this flavor that's
what I was trying to say no it's just
like slightly citrusy it's good it's
just the tiniest hint of like a lemon or
maybe an orange but it's not strong at
all otherwise it's just like a regular
Oreo what do you want you can't have
Oreos we've got chocolate and right
thing by the way guess the flavor and
you get a chance to win $50,000 see back
for details so it says guess the correct
flavor for a chance to win well there's
an asterisk of course one grand prize
winner will receive two thousand dollars
and five
prize winners first prize and then grand
prize that's not weird text mystery two
five nine five two six and follow the
link to submit your guests or you can go
to Oreo mystery comm and submit your
guests to enter without making a
purchase or guessed the correct flavor
see official rules alright guys I'm
going to officially guess that these are
now the aftertaste is kind of like a
like a peppermint tea or something I
have no idea I would never win the money
and then because I show this to you guys
I wouldn't be able to keep it I'd have
to give to charity oh my god or the
moral arbiters will just attack me
and yeah I think every bag of mystery
Oreo flavor is the same flavor maybe
every year when they do this I don't
know if they do this every year but
maybe every year when they do this they
just choose one of the already existing
flavors change the packaging send it out
and do a contest maybe that would be
kind of cool I don't know how this works
if you guys know post in the comments
let me know also I want you guys to go
out and buy one of these fuck yo diet if
you're working on getting those gains
prepping for some kind of contest or
something or you have some kind of vice
for sweet foods which I don't like Mr
sick of it I say I stuff my mouth don't
know if otherwise go out and do it and
tell me if you agree that it's citrusy a
little bit I would save it could be like
cupcake topping like cake batter topping
but like maybe lime cake batter I don't
know dude if I were the owner of Nabisco
Oreos I would just use this as an excuse
to package and sell might come to people
because I mean look it's white and
everything and then the the cream is
white but it's not regular Oreo filling
actually a little bit sad that this
hasn't come flavor to be honest alright
guys I hope you enjoyed this video like
the video and subscribe if you did if
you want me to taste test things well
you are severely limited in what I can
taste test because I won't go beyond
vegetarian bounds and I rarely go beyond
a vegan bounds and I don't eat food for
fun than often and I'm always trying to
lose weight and I'm not very foodie of a
person so yeah just scratch the whole
thing unless something crazy happens
like this which isn't that crazy but
it's like mystery taste my jizz and I
won't tell you about it then maybe I'll
do it again let me know if you like this
kind of pointless just fuck shit with my
commentary I love you guys and I will
see you in the next legitimate Terra
video wow thanks for watching quite
disappointed this isn't come I would be
so much fatter if people would come on
things and by the way yes I do find it
disgusting if random old cum is put on a
toast and package to me so don't even
think about it you gotta be attractive
for me to want to ingest your sperm by
now to finally go give J what he wants
this whole package move out the way
