hey guys today we're going to talk about
misleading facts in the media and I've
talked about this a little bit but I
haven't gone in depth with it and I
actually have a couple of anecdotes and
actual statistics that I want to use as
example so I think it'll be a little bit
better I parted my hair to the side
today to show the difference since a lot
of people don't really know and I feel
like I don't like it very much because
unless I poop this part up and like do a
little back coming here from one side it
looks like i'm almost balding because
most of my hairs on the other side and
that's why i got kind of sick of it and
yeah i agree usually when i wear my hair
my part in the middle i don't really
like it that much after a while but once
i do it after having my hair part to the
side for a long time it becomes kind of
like a refreshing look for me and I kind
of like it and no most models part in
the middle and then curl their hair and
stuff but curling my hair takes so much
time and effort and it ruins my hair a
little bit i'm trying to grow it longer
so yeah i have naturally straight hair
most girls don't which is also another
aspect but anyway let's not talk about
my hair let's talk about these
misleading facts first i'm wearing my
blazer this is my my casual school
blazer and i bought it at first when i
was doing on on-site interviews like
professional interviews for zooming
games and i also bought it for casting
my mom actually bought it for me because
i told her i was getting into casting
and she was super happy that i was
following my dreams of being a starcraft
caster so she bought this for me and i
casted on my my twitch channel once or
twice and then i used it at e3 when I
was with zoom and games but anyway um I
haven't worn in a while I like the way
it looks like kind of like the square
shoulder look occasionally even though
it can kind of make me look a little bit
broader than I am it looks fine on a
girl who isn't already brought I'm not
so it looks good so what I'm talking
about is I really hate how Mia misleads
you or gives you a very condensed just
really quick idea of a certain topic and
then just lets you interpret it your own
way and I hate the fact that so many
people when they watch something in the
media they take it like wholeheartedly
as fact like even when it's something
that is a bit more reputable like let's
say CNN or something you shouldn't take
everything that they say is fact and you
shouldn't like Miss read it basically
all you should learn about from news
is what you're more interested in
learning more about if that makes any
sense like if you hear for instance the
statistic i'm going to use now I heard
something like this I don't think this
is the exact exact statistic or the
exact percentage on the statistic this
is just paraphrasing on my part but
there was something like 75 or more
percent of accidents happen within five
miles of your home now you can you can
like take this a hundred different ways
right you can say oh my god around my
home I must drive worse oh my god around
my home it must be more dangerous or oh
my god I spend more time around my home
so of course most of the accidents are
going to be around my home most people
don't stray like 50 miles away from
their houses but a lot of people will
just take that as meaning one specific
thing they'll be like oh well going this
80-mile journey is not going to be
dangerous to me because it's farther
than five miles away from my house and
that might be a shallower view and just
kind of a simpler view of what actually
happens in society but society just
takes every single thing that they hear
on the news this fact and it drives me
fucking insane and like even if that was
a solid fact what they're saying like
what are the variables I want to know
exactly how this was researched who
researched it how much money was put
into it are there you know like the
constants in there that make it so that
the variables when they change it makes
sense scientifically it's just like I
feel like a lot of the statistics out
there and a lot of the facts out there
in the news are either biased by
whatever company is promoting them or
they the science behind it is biased and
basically news is just trying to catch
you in and get ratings and stuff anyway
so it's not like it's going to be
actually true now I hate news for doing
that but what I hate more is how people
take it and how stupid it seems like
people are I'm sorry to say it but it
seems like the majority of people in the
world today are really stupid because
they don't think outside the box they
don't keep an open mind they just hear
something then they relay it and if you
have ever in grade school played the
game telephone i think in other
countries it has a different name but
basically you sit in a circle with a
bunch of kids and you whisper something
to the next kid and they whisper that to
the next kid in the next connect skin
the next skin by the time you get to the
end of the line it comes out as some
completely
different thing because it was relayed
and people misheard it or people
embellished it or people changed it a
little bit or paraphrased and that
happens a lot of society to like you
here you know Osama bin Laden is still
alive and then the next person is like
Osama bin Laden killed 50 people and
he's still alive and the next one was
like Osama bin Laden killed five
thousand people and then shot himself
dead now he's dead it's like what the
fuck you that's not fact at all and it's
so brief it's too brief to actually hold
any truth and it's so easily
misconstrued as something else it's like
ridiculous and a lot of people will just
take things as fact and spread them
around and they're spreading idiocy
basically in ignorance and it's just
awful and so that's something that has
always bothered me that it was very
apparent to me that I shouldn't take any
statistic as a fact just by hearing the
statistic I might think oh that's an
interesting concept now let me you know
apply logic to that and you know my
rationale and then let's like do more
research into this actual statistic
where did they get it from what
foundation did this if like something
like the meat industry makes a statistic
that you know it's better for the world
that we eat meat because yada yada that
could be completely false and looked at
in a specific targeted way to make it
seem that way and in the same wrong of
you know media kind of betrayal i guess
i would say you can take a statement
that is one hundred percent true and and
say use words and phrases such a way
that makes people think a certain way
instead of actually being unbiased about
it like you can be like okay so let's
take a fact any fact um this soft box is
very bright ok so the soft box is bright
i guess that's kind of a like an opinion
because Jay would say this soft box is
like burning his eyes and I'm like
completely used to it so let's say this
soft box is rectangular some people will
say like it is an appealing shape other
people will say it is the shape of the
devil let's say it's a pentagram or
something and you just like the way it's
a bad example I can't think of a good
example right now and I'm trying to keep
my videos a little bit more brief
because I've heard people are having
problems with listening to the whole
thing or me getting sidetrack and stuff
and I don't know
how true that is I feel like a majority
of people do do other things but they
listen to me or they're watching and
they're fine with listening to you know
15 minutes of boobs rather than seven
minutes of boobs or you know other
people have a time allotted to watch
YouTube or other people on their
favorite youtubers so it doesn't take up
that much time I don't know what's going
on but um if I had more time to actually
think of a better instance I would but
you know you can just manipulate words
and say things with such intention that
it makes people think a certain thing
and I feel like everyone needs to keep
an open mind and actually analyze the
words that they here rather than just
taking everything at the way the person
that's giving to them you know wants you
to take it right and I learned that from
a really young age like my parents
taught me not to just listen to anything
that everyone says and to question
everything and to actually make my own
decisions based on my own rationale my
own moral compass and everything like
that so it's helped me a lot to grow up
in that mindset where it's not just like
I was told to follow this religion and
this is a fact and I never was allowed
to question it or think about it or
someone who is more into just watching
the news all the time and then like
relaying it to their friends and being
like oh this is that this is that oh my
god the state of affairs oh my god we
know exactly about everything and then
people who do that people who relay the
information are often people who act
like they're know-it-alls and I think
they know something when really they're
just hearing it from like a third party
or a middleman and it just it's not
based in fact it's based in whatever
sells at the time and however it was
constructed to sound and that just kind
of sucks so I appreciate people who
think about things analytically and
delve deeper into things rather than
just you know filling their head with
useless nonsense and that's why I opted
out of even listening to the news like I
know some of the topical situations that
are going on so that you know because
it's just all over Facebook and social
networking is just that kind of thing
and I've never been one to post like
links and then have like a strong
opinion on you know social networks or
posts like I think it's also a little
silly but likes their post quotes I see
like most hot girls when they post a
picture of themselves it's just like a
hot sexy picture they post like a quote
that they think is a romantic or
something and I've always thought that
was kind of silly I myself don't just
say you know like here is my tits or
I like this new shirt and then just like
blatantly you know gratuitously show my
tits or whatever I make it clear that
that's what I'm trying to do but i also
like to talk about other things like
here's a picture of my nice tits also i
have a new video coming up today and I
think that's perfectly fine i have
nothing wrong with that but i feel like
it's a little funny the ways that people
think they're deep in society today like
I will if I'm quoting something I will
actually say where it's quoted from and
say that I liked it and say why I like
it or something like if I'm quoting like
slipknot lyrics or something so yeah let
me know what you guys think about that I
have a cool topic for tomorrow which I'm
really excited about its about the
healing powers of sex and I want to
discuss how sex makes me feel and why
it's different from masturbation or just
working out or whatever so yeah I really
appreciate you guys watching and I'm
going to probably post a poll about
whether or not you guys like the more
personal vlogs where I'm holding the
camera and I'm laying down on the floor
cuz i can do that with this camera and
it'll be just higher quality and i'll
probably have to zoom out a little bit
but i think it'll work out i think right
yeah alright i will see you guys
tomorrow i'm off to play life is strange
and some league legends and maybe some
csgo which everyone has been asking me
about uh yeah guys don't forget to check
out my gaming channel cuz yesterday I
posted my 20 games from my childhood and
I want to hear down in the comments what
your 20 games from your childhood are I
know a lot of you are gamers and I also
want you to check out the content just
to see if the content that I'm making
now is more favorable than before where
it was just gameplay like this is in
gameplay this is like snippets of
gameplay with me full screen talking
about my opinions on games and I think
that'll be more favorable for you guys
as well so bye guys thank you hey guys
we're joined by free content you want to
keep my content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars in support of my youtube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you anything hopes hey
there vlog and fanservice lovers I just
wanted to let you guys know that I now
have a serious upload schedule every day
is going to be normal update and topic
vlogs except wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara
so that means every other Wednesday is
Tara Reid's comment and every other
Wednesday is sex 7 care and every other
Friday is going to be friday night mail
or fanservice fridays and don't forget
to subscribe to this channel as well as
my gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash
tara babcock games and if you want to
watch my game play live don't forget to
check out tara babcock TV or twitch TV /
care about down subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
