hey guys today we're gonna have an
in-depth discussion fuck I'm gonna start
over
hey guys today we're gonna have an
in-depth discussion about my type and
how I feel about certain different types
and I've talked about this before most
people know what my type is and what
kind of guy I like and what kind of
attributes and a guy I find sexy and I'm
also going to talk about my type as a
girl and how that kind of intertwines
with my new kind of epiphany that I've
had about types because I've been a
little bit confused lately but I wanted
to show you some stuff and get your
opinion on something so first I've
started to part my hair in the middle
usually I part my hair to the side and I
wanted to know what you guys thought of
that in terms of like how it makes my
face look and stuff because I feel like
occasionally it makes my face look
whiter or chubbier or not as oval as it
should look I don't know how to really
explain that but I wanted to know if you
guys thought it looks good because
usually I would part it to the side and
yadda yadda anyway I also got a new play
mat this weekend I went to a GPT into
absolutely horrible after going for o @f
nem but usually I don't talk about the
gaming stuff but this is just so fucking
amazing so this is the mat that I play
magic on now and how fucking sick is it
right and then I also wanted to show you
guys my Azuri now this is a modern card
for elves look how shiny look how foil
oh my god it's HD anyway I think he
looks a lot like Killebrew more from you
know Lord of the Rings fucking shadow of
Mordor all that good stuff doesn't he
doesn't he he's so sexy yeah sexy elves
elves are usually not sexy to me unless
they're female because they're kind of
effeminate which is kind of a good segue
into my type thing that I'm going to
talk about today but instead I'm going
to show you this this is food Wars you
guys have seen it before probably if you
watch my Friday night mail series
because Aminu one of my amazing viewers
sent me this along with a couple other
manga books but um this one I finished
and I'm halfway through the other one
and I wanted to know if you guys would
go over and check out my gaming channel
if I had reviews and kind of like what I
think about certain mangas because I'm
thinking about this is the only type of
entertainment that I can actually enjoy
on a regular basis now because I don't
have time to watch a lot of movies I
don't have time to catch up on all this
TV series but I can
these at the end of a round and magic
when I don't have anything to do because
I play aggro I think it's really cool
and I actually finish like okay so I've
got to like this far you see you see how
far that is I got that far in just two
rounds like one round I was like halfway
through the second round I just like
that and I get so enthralled and into
manga so much so and I've never had a
paperback manga before I've always a
read Anna so Keanu on online and I
really liked it a lot better when I can
hold it in my hands I know that sounds
very old of me but reading it on a tiny
on tiny phone screen is just not my
thing so let me know if you guys would
be interested in hearing what I have to
say about manga that would be cool I can
add it to my gaming channel and maybe
give you guys a reason to subscribe
there as well so the last thing I was
going to talk about is tomorrow my 20
games from my childhood video on my
gaming channel is coming out so if you
guys could check that out too don't
forget to follow my gaming channel
subscribe Barrino all that good stuff at
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock games a
lot more content that you guys will
actually be interested in because it's a
lot more vlog style and a lot more just
my opinions on things so I think I like
that I'm sorry for taking three minutes
to get to the topic anyway so as you
guys know my main type of guy is a
really muscular European and it's like a
it's helpful if he can speak another
language as well I like really dark
features I like you know like brown eyes
dark hair tan skin that kind of thing
and I like height height is very
important to me it's kind of like a deal
breaker if you are anywhere near as
short as makes I'm five foot four and I
like to be dominated I like the kind of
like male masculine and dominant
personality so being five foot four is
nice for me but it also means that if
you are on the smaller side you're less
attractive to me I really like a man who
can dominate me physically if you had to
and it's just like a bigger guy that
makes me feel like a tiny girl like that
something that really turns me on
another thing that makes a guy my type
is um intellect of course he has to be
funny and make me laugh he has to be
into nerdy things and have like a quirky
nerdy you know maybe even awkward kind
of side doesn't necessarily have to be
awkward because it is really attractive
to me when someone is very confident and
is just like a very driven IntelliJ
person overall and I think that's really
cool and I think logical people are also
very like I love having conversations
with people and being able to talk
philosophy and stuff and have similar
views on things like all these things
are important to me so but basically my
ideal my ideal type is what I thought it
was is just a an off season bodybuilder
who's tall muscular manly big strong has
kind of I don't know like he had he has
he's really confident but and he's not
like he doesn't have a jealous
aspect but he's like that's my girl I'm
proud of having her as my girl I'm proud
of you know you know showing her often
being with this person like I really
like that kind of attitude and like
don't mess with my girl type of thing
like you know he would protect me like
being a protector and also being a
Dominator at the same time I really like
that so that would be my ideal now it's
kind of weird because J matches what I
view as an ideal first of all he's
serbian he speaks Serbian his so he's
from Europe he has a dark eyes dark hair
he's got a cool style he's six foot he
is muscular and getting bigger all the
time he loves working out like being fit
as one of his things and that's really
attractive to me he's got like a great
chest great arms a great I call it an
axial like you know up here like the the
traps the delts of the triceps biceps
and then the chest and how that all like
inter lays in with the like the lats and
then it goes down to like a tapered
waist and like the v-taper type thing I
really love that so amazing so since J
encompasses everything I like physically
and mentally about a person I've felt
lately like I've been straying toward my
second type which I'm just kind of
calling it now my second type because I
feel fulfilled in this aspect in the end
I kind of compare it to the fact that my
type of a girl since I am bisexual would
be like a little blonde with big tits
who's super sexual but I always find
more interesting the girls that I'm
attracted to that are not like me that
are not my type because I have enough of
me so I'm looking for variety if that
makes any sense so when I have someone
like Jay and I have someone like myself
I'm looking for something else that I
also find attractive that has the same
attributes like some of the same
attributes have to stay the same you
know like height and all that stuff have
to say
stay the same for my type but there are
like little nuances and little
differences that I find attractive and
I'm looking for those kind of people
more often than my actual perfect type
of my ideal because I feel like I
already fulfilled my ideals so I really
like for women as I've said I like girls
that like look like me have the demeanor
like me are very confident ivory
I guess strong-willed I guess you would
say and I would also like them to be
into gaming and stuff but you know
that's kind of hard it's hard enough to
find a hot guy who's into gaming it's
harder to find a hot girl who's into
gaming so um especially since I don't
really feel like I would ever date a
girl so that's the kind of thing like I
have a type for females but I would
never actually date that person or call
that person my soulmate just the same as
my other type of man who's not my ideal
I wouldn't date that person or call that
person a soulmate because in my opinion
you have to have the entire package and
if you don't have the entire package
then it's not really like you can have
fun i-i've wholeheartedly believe that
you should find your second types and
types of people that encompass like half
of what your type is or what your ideal
is and then have fun with those people
have like a you know a sexual affair
with them that's fun and you know it's
it's a life experience you should do
that but um when you settle down if you
are going to sell down or if you have
somebody in your life that's always in
your life that's really close to you
like I do J where like he lives with me
and we spend all of our time together
and I allow him to know things about me
that other people don't know and stuff
like that when you have that kind of
person you should make sure that they're
as close to your ideal as you can find
because if you don't there's going to be
something missing in your life and I
don't feel like there's anything missing
in my life because I'm not interested in
dating a girl I'm not interested in
dating than the nerd type of guy that
I'm attracted to and I'll tell you about
my second type I haven't told you yet
but anyway um so that's kind of what
made me realize that I like the Asian
girls and the little brunette girls and
the shy girls and I'm not really I'm not
really seeking out the relationship with
the attractive blonde girls because I
already have that in myself so I'm
looking for the variety and I think it's
really hot if I could find a girl who's
like shine doesn't know much about sex
and who's like a little asian chick
who's really cute and as like a cute
face and a shy demeanor and like kind of
teach her about that and like bring her
into my world that's like really hot to
me and like having that kind of you know
distinction and variety from my cell
which would be my how I'm like how I'm
making myself look is what I find the
most attractive I don't know why other
women make themselves look the way that
they do maybe society is telling them
that that's attractive or their husband
is telling them that's attractive or
they're just doing whatever feels
comfortable to them but for me since I'm
bisexual I can say that it comes from a
sexual place that I want to look this
way when I look in the mirror I want to
be like that's a very attractive person
I like the way that I look I'm
portraying myself in the way that I find
is attractive and that's all that should
matter just doing whatever you want but
I'm not sure why heterosexual women do
that I think you know that's why a lot
of people say that looking the way that
they do when their vanity just comes
from what society tells them to do
because for me it's not it's my sexual
preference but anyway my second type of
guy and this is the kind of thing where
you're going to be like oh my god anyone
can get in there anyone has a chance
type thing but it's not really like that
and it's really hard for me to explain
the nuances and the personality that
make me attracted to a guy but my
example since I've been watching the
whole series of the office again my
example is Dwight Schrute now look at
him he does not look like my physical
ideal whatsoever I can't imagine having
a relationship with someone like that
but Dwight Schrute is very attractive to
me because of the way he treats Angela
the way he like has pet names for her
that means she's small and make her feel
small the fact that he's tall the fact
that he has German roots the fact that
he's a very you know disciplined
disciplinarian type of guy it looks like
he would choke in bed like all of that
kind of thing I can imagine and it's
like sexualizes my head like imagine you
know being like dominated by that kind
of guy like the kind of nerdy quirky you
know not necessarily physically
attractive guy but then on the other
side it's like the height matters so
much to me that if he was any shorter I
would be like nope not interested in it
and I wouldn't I wouldn't have anything
to do I don't think unless he completely
dressed up like that and acted that way
for me I wouldn't have anything to do
with the actor Rainn Wilson because he's
not Dwight you know and Dwight has the
personality traits that I really enjoy
the like nerdiness and all that stuff so
like I would be his Angela and I know
you guys um if you guys follow my
Instagram you would already know this
because I posted about this but um I
would totally let him dominate me in his
you know German beat farm style you know
if that was actually a person in real
life on the flip side there are people
like I have
different type than a lot of a lot of
women because I don't like the pretty
boy type thing I don't like the like
pretty crystal blue eyes like girly
features you know not to bethe type of
thing you know how girls say eh that's
too bad about it is too bad or like
whatever and they're like maximum cutoff
is like a fitness model or something
that isn't even that buff I don't I'm
not into that kind of thing in an
example of that is the last series that
I watch I don't even know whose last
series but um the last series that I
watched was uh what's it called fuck I
forgot what's called how can I forget
what it's called and I just watched it
what does it fucking called
oh I'm gonna sit here and think about it
maybe even cut this out until I remember
what the fuck it's called it's something
I keep thinking suits but it's not suits
it's like similar to suits what the fuck
is it god dicks Oh white collar white
collar they go so the main character on
white collar
um Caffrey Neal Caffrey like he I'm sure
many women would consider him attractive
but first of all he's not very tall he's
like five seven two five nine at best he
has a very slender like swimmer build
doesn't even look like he works out
really it was really funny because in
one of the episodes they talked about
how like they asked one of the girls
that was dating him was like so you go
to the gym I pegged you as the like wake
up and do 15 push-ups kind of guy and
it's exactly that kind of thing like
he's very arrogant and has all the
nuances and a personality that I find
unattractive and then his face while
being objectively symmetrical and
attractive is like a turn-off to me
because it's very an effeminate
good-looking type of guy and a lot of
women like that kind of thing a lot like
they like guys that just have like the
slightest bit of muscle tone in a really
pretty face and like care way too much
about like what they do so it's kind of
funny that I find myself liking these
guys they're nowhere near my my physical
my physical ideal like Dwight Schrute
because I already have my ideal and I'm
just interested when I do get interested
in something it's more like about like
some side project or some side you know
fun that I would have and I feel like
it's great to explore the different
types of people that you would like and
not to say you stick to one type I know
a lot of people say that either my type
is you know brunettes who are tall or so
like that you should like experiment and
check other things out so yeah hopefully
that wasn't too convoluted it's really
hard for me to explain what I like about
someone's personality like I can't just
say I don't like arrogance or I don't
like this and that because it's just the
way that person specifically portrays
that trait is what turns me off about
them like it could be just some kind of
like like facial thing that they do when
they talk or like there's this thing
that a lot of really arrogant people do
really conceited in cocky people do
where they like when they talk they
close their eyes and JJ actually showed
this to me and it's something that they
make fun of in South Park they've made
fun of it and Family Guy I think it's
just like the like da da da da da da da
da like yes closing your eyes like
arrogance is just like really
unattractive to me there's a bunch of
little things where I just don't want to
hang out with a person because of weird
nuances and their personality that other
people don't notice and it's just it's
hard for me to articulate that in a
video and I wish I could so much better
but I'm trying to give you as much
insight as I possibly could so yeah and
that's also kind of explained like a lot
of people are like why do you like this
guy what do you like that guy didn't
seem like your type and I'm like well
yeah I have like two types basically I
have the like nerd who actually looks
like a nerd but is tall and looks like
he could dominate me and has like you
know maybe he speaks German or something
and then there's the you know total
package who also has the physical side
and it's harder to find that package too
right because there are a lot of hot
guys in the world but most of them don't
play games there a lot of gamers in the
world but most of them aren't that hot
and there are hot to gamers obviously in
the world but it's very hard to find and
so when you find that person they also
have to like you you have to like them
back and they have to not have weird
things going on with them that you also
don't like their personality or you know
of course the one of the deal-breakers
is having you know poor hygiene all that
stuff is very important so yeah I will
see you guys tomorrow and let me know
what you think about the manga idea and
the gaming channel and all that stuff
I'm trying to bring things to the
channel that all of my audience will
like and not just the people who want to
watch people play games so check out my
channel tomorrow for 20 games from my
childhood which is full screen like this
but I took it a long time ago so you can
tell how much weight I've lost since
then and how much more quality my
content is now like my camera improved
my lighting my
it's just so much better even my editing
improved because I it was halfway edited
I didn't want to change everything so it
would take like hours so I decided not
to but thank you for watching guys thank
you for everything you guys are
wonderful I'll see you tomorrow
hey guys if you're enjoying my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supporting my youtube and live
stream and get some cool exclusive
content while you're helping me reach my
goals link is down in the description
thank you anything helps
hey there vlog and fan service lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday is sex editor and every other
Friday is gonna be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara
Babcock games and if you want to watch
my gameplay live don't forget to check
out care about TV or twitch.tv slash
care about gun subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
