hey guys I don't really have much of a
topic for today but I wanted to get the
vlog out of the way because I'm gonna be
busy on Friday and you know fridays or
friday night magic and i always do the
friday night mail before friday so
everything should just be tucked away
and i can wake up at any point in time
on saturday so i wanted to let you guys
know that my videos on my gaming channel
and the videos on my vlog channel are
both going to be going up at 5pm around
5pm every day instead of around 3 p.m.
everyday PST pacific standard time so
that's West Coast America basically I'm
doing this new leg of like middle part
I've never done a middle part in my hair
before hopefully my nipples not coming
out no it's not cool just looked like it
was because the shirt was so tight
anyway um I did my FM video and I always
work up a sweat doing it I thought it's
really cold in here and it's so nice
because it's finally feeling like fall
even though it's technically not yet but
it's like 73 and under now which makes
me so fucking happy you don't like
understand how happy I feel and how much
more energetic I feel when it's not like
a hundred thousand billion degrees but
um as I've been saying I'm going to
start doing more full screen content for
my gaming channel I'm also going to
start doing more of vlogs that you guys
want to hear I don't really feel like I
need to change much about my vlog
channel other than just the sound and
the production quality is pretty good
and just keep listening to what you guys
want to hear in what you guys want to
have me talk about and get my opinion on
or whatever some people are asking me
some questions I don't really feel like
I can do a whole video on things like
how do you feel about men who cross
dress like I you know that's your own
prerogative if that's what you want to
do if that's what you like to do then
you should do it but you guys know that
I'm not really attracted to effeminate
men so something like that will kind of
be a turnoff and you would have to have
a bunch of different other things that
kind of make it better for magic I'm
still playing my blue red and soul deck
it's going to rotate out soon which kind
of sucks I really enjoy playing
artifacts but I don't enjoy playing
something like an affinity so it can be
kind of weird and I don't know I don't
know what I'm going to do with my magic
standard decks after rotation i think
i'm still gonna be playing of course
merfolk for modern but i don't really
know what i'm going to be doing with
standard and it sucks because if absent
still becomes or still stay as prevalent
it's not that great for me because i
don't like playing out
and I'm sick of it it's boring it's like
the standard that everyone does when
they don't really know what they want to
play or if they want to just you have
like the Titan deck right now that's
like the best I had a lot of fun at PAX
I talked a lot about what I happen to
pax and I've just been having a great
time playing video games I showed Jay
honey pop and I don't know if this
should be like a gaming vlog usually if
I talk about games at all it's on the
gaming channel to try to push people
toward the gaming channel you know like
oh I have full screen content i have
blog content where I'm just talking
about my day but I showed him honey pop
and yeah we together figured out a bunch
of things about it that I didn't
understand so the honeypot videos um
they're going to be kind of like until i
get to a new series or a new day when
I'm not wearing the striped crop top
it's going to be kind of bad and I'm
kind of bad attic so I wasn't realizing
a lot of things like I forgot with what
each token does when i'm doing the dates
and i didn't know what happened when i
have the sex and I know I now know that
even the steam version i have to kind of
sensor if i want to put up on YouTube
but I will what else is going on with me
I've been working out every single day
as usual trying really hard to just do
that and stay tan and keep a routine
because once you get into understanding
the routine it's much easier to do as
opposed to when I took the the little
break I didn't go to the gym I didn't
and I was just kind of like chilling on
the couch and at that point i picked up
the bad habit of watching the office
from start to finish again the offices
of TV show if you guys haven't seen it
it's pretty good it's like a
mockumentary about working in an office
a paper company and there's also a
british version but the british version
is only like two seasons and it's with
ricky gervais sits why I found out about
it and then I started watching the
American one didn't like the American
one as much as the british one at first
and then I didn't like the british one
as much as the american one when i
rewatched it and the reason i rewatched
is because i'm like really into a ricky
gervais and karl Pilkington right now
and just like British stuff and then I
got into the office and the office is
like oh I took a cluster fuck you never
want to get off the couch so that's what
I'm spending most of my free time doing
other than playing a little bit of life
is strange which I stopped doing
recently I have to buy it sucks I
thought that someone got me the whole
series like first second third and
fourth episodes but only on the first
episode so I finished the first episode
was like fuck I have to buy the other
one so now I have to do that I don't
even know how is there like a bundle
that i can buy through a like two three
and four and save money or do I just buy
them one by one since I already have one
and it wouldn't save me money since I
already had one I don't know I'm
confused but that's basically what I'm
doing is creating content trying to
improve my content patreon every single
day lots and lots of messages lots lots
of things and I hope that I am giving
you guys what you deserve in terms of
patreon rewards and stuff and goals i'm
just like pretty much all i'm using the
money for is 21 survive and to to
improve my content and then I'm trying
to give like the best rewards like
autographed images a bunch of posts
early access and just so like whatever I
can offer the viewers for just getting
back to me and helping support me it's
so amazing and I'm actually talking to
the patreon staff about fixing and
improving some things because there are
some things that are a little wonky like
they they charge people they charge
things as if it's like a credit purchase
and so there's like a percentage that is
like a fee for just like sliding a card
and that's like so bad for business in
my opinion when you can just process
things through like PayPal or whatever
the fuck is going on and even when they
process paypal you have to have a credit
card so people who are like wanna
support if they don't have a credit card
but they do have a paypal account like
the new guy he's been trying to get me
to figure it out for a while they can't
pledge which is like actually stupid
because people who want to pledge can't
and then I'm trying to give those people
who want to pledge the same rewards as
on patreon just like for no reason
because they're supporting me through
other avenues because patreon doesn't
get their shit together but they're
really cool and they're really
interactive and the support team is
really great I haven't been to as much
magic as I'd like to in the past like
two weeks but there hasn't been that
much and there's not that much standard
before the rotation and Jays really sad
because he can't play his monoblock deck
anymore but he has an idea he always
those brews and he does really well with
him he's like the only person I know
that's not on a team that can actually
create a deck and do well with it he's
like so fucking smart and cool I love it
and I envy that but I just like to play
someone else's deck
do really well with it because then I
can gauge how well I'm doing I'm sorry
that a lot of this talk is um gaming
related oh let's talk about my sex life
then my sex life is great um what else I
don't like I don't feel I feel kind of
like like I shouldn't be going into
detail with it because I feel like Jayde
would be like what the fuck that's weird
you know I didn't sign up for this and I
always feel like if I'm talking about
someone else in my life I have to be
careful about it because they didn't
sign up to be completely transparent to
the world that kind of thing but um I
want you guys to give me more topics
about things that I can talk about just
let me know what you want to hear let me
know what you want me to say I will give
you my opinions on everything just like
I did the video about rape I talked
about the people showing or knowing
about like some weight loss or gain or
whatever with me just like anything
that's going on in my life if you want
to hear about it just let me know what
are you guys interested in like I'm not
talking to talk or to hear myself talk
I'm talking so that you guys you know
have some interesting content and it's
really cool because someone said that
they just listened to my videos and
don't actually watch because they don't
have time or they're doing other things
and I think that's really productive
because you can be doing something
productive while actually listening to
content of your favorite content
producers and he suggested he's a
patreon patron and he suggested that one
of my rewards be a podcast version so
you can listen to it in the car you can
download it from iTunes and stuff so I'm
definitely looking into that as my next
reward for getting to 22 something I
don't know but I you guys have just been
so supportive and I really appreciate it
so give me more topics to talk about I
will talk about them and I will do my
best to satisfy all of your content
needs whether it be gaming on my gaming
channel which you guys should check out
come on oh I want more fucking
viewership on my gaming channel like
people were saying that my retro let's
plays were too slow because I wasn't
taking out all the failures which is
something that people on twitch like and
then so I was like okay I have to cater
the actual vogs the actual uploads to
youtube and do more like highlighting
type stuff where it's only the progress
and I'm just trying really hard to
listen to what everyone wants and what
everyone needs and what will make my
channels thrive and will make what will
make my viewers happy so I love you guys
I will see you soon um tomorrow gonna do
some stuff and next week is the bikini
vlog next fri
because we reached the patreon goal
where I said I would do a bikini vlog
I'm also going to be doing a 24-hour
stream at some point in this month when
I think that I can which is going to be
filled with a bunch of different types
of games a bunch of losing my virginity
Zand a bunch of retro game so I will see
you guys soon I love you so much you
guys are so awesome bye hey guys if
you're enjoying my free content you want
to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars in support of my
youtube and livestream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you anything hopes hey
there vlog and fanservice lovers I just
wanted to let you guys know that I now
have a serious upload schedule every day
is going to be normal update and topic
blogs except wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comments
and every other wednesday at seven care
and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash terribad club games
and if you want to watch my game play
live don't forget to check out tara
babcock TV or twitch on TV / care about
them subscribe and don't forget to smile
bye guys
