hey guys welcome to new episode of
Friday night mail I am super excited
because we have at least 10 boxes which
is pretty fucking crazy
I just wanted to once again say thank
you so much for supporting my content
and sending me things I feel so fucking
spoiled but everything that you guys do
for me so you guys are fucking amazing
you make my bad days bright and my
bright days brighter basically so anyway
the first thing we have is a letter and
I think I know who the letter is from so
let's go ahead and open it up real quick
oh yeah I like letters they're cute and
they're personal oh my god this is so
cute hi Tara so I've been wanting to
draw you for a while but like I'm only
13 but I didn't let that stop me the
problem is that I had to use a fucking
mouse to draw it so that took forever
but hopefully you like it it's Tara the
beautiful master of evil it's a vital
reference this is awesome
and no this isn't a white night thing
because to be perfectly honest I'm more
gays and straight that's probably why my
youtube name is Kauai Katie totes no
self-promotion there hopefully you like
it I think I messed up the jaw line it's
means my god this is fucking awesome I
love it
I think the jawline looks good thank you
so much kawaii kitty this is so cute I
need to get a bulletin board to put all
the cute drawings on I was actually
looking at putting up a Mario mushroom
bulletin board I had it on my wish list
for a while and then I realized that it
costs 80 bucks shipping like that
alright next I have this which is
completely covered in tape like what
possesses you to do this good thing I
have scissors but it's not gonna make it
any fucking easier oh I'm just right the
fuck through it yeah yeah fucking foam
peanuts just flew at my face oh this is
the controller my my old Super NES
controller I needed a second one because
my second one actually broke and now I
have peanuts all over my floor I always
like this comes from Nathan so thank you
so much Nathan this is gonna make my
retro Let's Plays so much better let's
take it out and actually show you it
took me a while to find it on Amazon but
there are people selling the originals
and not some crappy knockoff online
makes me very happy alright next we have
this which I'm pretty sure I know what
it is No
no it is let's just open it and see what
happens whoa back inside of a bag well
thank you so much bag lover and a bag
instead of a bag instead of a bag oh
these are my latex leggings oh yeah
thank you rubber tongue I would put them
on on-camera but they're especially for
you expect Nixon next we have an almost
perfectly square box it is from comic
chicks with an X it's got to be
something good
chicks and comics I'm down with that
this is also from Nathan and I put a
bunch of Super Mario and Nintendo
stuffed animals on my wish list because
I wanted to decorate this area with all
Nintendo things and they can just write
all of that I love it Thank You Nathan
next we have this Cesar package which
shows me what it is already but let's go
ahead and open it and then look surprise
oh no way it's my South Park leggings
how fucking cute are these
it's got chef Cartman Kenny uh even mr.
hat is wearing like a pink shirt so it's
like brown and pink which I really like
I think we should put them on can't see
but I'm totally naked from the ass down
that is so sick thank you so much
ahh next we have a package from Joseph
Michaels
who was a fellow content producer I
think I know what this is he told me he
was gonna send me this I was correct
it's beyond 2 souls I've been wanting to
play this game for fucking ever so much
so that I'll cock out my ps3 to play it
this is actually from the creators of
heavy rain heavy rain is one of my
favorite fucking games so I'm gonna
enjoy this
hey Tara here is the game enjoy it I
sure did and look inside for an extra
surprise it's an Avengers decal Thank
You Johnson yeah alright next we have
this little box here which isn't too
little look at this hole to open so it's
gonna be easy to open hopefully oh yeah
ok I pulled it and now it's not it's
like halfway open ok what do I do now oh
I pulled this out oh my god I
this is put in there fucking piranha
plant man and it's from mark cheetah hey
babe this duck plague is cute and so are
you a hug smart Oh
so put them up and add them to my
collection here oh oh and put them right
there I need you tag all these man
alright this one it's pretty fucking
heavy let's go ahead and just open the
shit out of it so we've got who loves
your baby from Martita and hey doll face
I screwed up last time here's the card
you want whoa I have so much space now I
don't even need to do with it thank you
I'm not gonna have any more problems
having enough space on my SD cards and
then we've got this for when I actually
get my mic so I don't have to use a
stupid clip-on fucking thing I'm excited
and the best part of this but also the
most fattening part is my favorite candy
nerds anyone who doesn't like nerds
candy is crazy why the package made
noise wanna shove it next we have this
package that says it's time-sensitive
material
hopefully it's not like an animal what
is this oh yeah from Nathan for your
retro plays enjoy and make more great
content Thank You Nathan you are fuckin
spoiling the shit out of me today you
and Mark and it is my genesis controller
authentic one of course so I can make J
have one too because as I said I could I
actually couldn't find the other Genesis
controller for my parents house but my
SNES controller actually broke so I only
had one of each now I have two of each
oh I don't have to say that this is so
much worse than the Super NES controller
but I think I like the games and the
franchises on the Genesis better I don't
know I'm kinda torn
post in the comments if you liked the
Genesis or the SNES better sonic or
Mario among other things we've got this
big-ass fucking box holy shit I can't
imagine what could be inside of it but
I'm super excited to find out
a box inside of a box musicians gear
tripod mic is a tripod for the mic did I
get the mic just talking so sick oh my
god and Mark cheetah bought it for me
yeah thank you so much mark oh my god
this is gonna help me out a ton so it
would be duties oh you guys don't know
how much I adore upping my quality of my
content like oh my god it's my favorite
thing to do all right one final book I
can get this shit out of the way here it
is the final box of this week's eponym
these are my knee-high shoes my
knee-high boots for rubber tongue so I
can't put them on and I can't show them
to you because they're for him
especially not that he fucking deserves
it okay he has a little submissive I've
talked about this in my videos but here
are my faux leather knee-high boots
pretty hot huh alright that's it for
this week's epidemics been so amazing
every time I do this series I get so
fucking heights I get new things to
improve my content I get new plushies
everything was just so fucking great and
it solidifies how much I love you guys
because you were so supportive of me my
content and the series thank you so much
everyone
mark Nathan and of course Joseph you
guys are amazing
thank you bye guys bye hey guys if
you're enjoys my free content you want
to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and supported by
YouTube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
helps
hey there vlog and fan service lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is gonna be normal update and topic
vlogs except Wednesdays are gonna be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday is sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara bathtub games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out care about TV
or twitch.tv
care about that subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
