hey guys I'm in a good mood today
because it's been like a couple days of
not being hot at all and it's fucking
awesome and I just got this turtleneck I
don't usually wear turtlenecks because I
usually can't find ones that fit me and
I think cleavage shirts are slightly a
little better-looking on me but I really
like how big my boobs look in a
turtleneck as well I feel like
turtlenecks are really hot on girls with
big boobs but anyway uh I'm gonna talk
about me being fat today it's a comment
that I got a little bit on my last sex
out of a Tara hold on I have to turn off
my music cuz I'm listening to it and
also sniffling crazy oh okay anyway um
it's like I'm on fucking cocaine like my
nose is running everything is crazy
anyway um I got a couple comments about
my weight change and some were positive
and some are negative and some were like
I don't see it and others were like you
know she could still lose some weight or
whatever she could still gain some
weight or whatever and let me okay I
wanna talk about this because first of
all I have nothing to hide and second of
all I feel like there's a good message
behind it that will maybe help other
people who are struggling with their
weight or who are unhappy with
themselves or have a lot of people like
bullying them or trying to put them down
or hurting their feelings or whatever um
and let me first off just tell you why
this shouldn't affect you first of all
my I would be on like this ridiculous
emotional rollercoaster like every
second of my life if I listened to
everything that everyone said and let it
affect me like the first comment I read
will be like whoa you're too skinny you
should gain some weight and then I'm
like I'm sad and then the next person is
like you're too fat you should lose some
weight and then I'm sad again and then
someone says you're absolutely perfect
and then I get an ego and it's like I
think that's the reason why I don't have
an ego and I also don't have self-esteem
issues is because the only thing that
matters to me in my entire life is what
I think how I feel and what I want for
myself so I know what my personal
preference is for my weight I know which
weight I want to be at that makes me
feel most comfortable and I'm aware
right now that I'm not at that weight
and I'll tell you exactly why I also
tell you all of my struggles with weight
over the course of pretty much my entire
life um but first I just want to like
you know push this message to you guys
so you guys can kind of understand where
I come from it's like who cares what
other people think they're going to be
so many different like preference
so many different things that people say
that like don't add up to what the next
person says it's like I would be like I
said on an emotional roller coaster if I
cared at all what other people said
about my weight or whatever it's more
like if I feel healthy if I am healthy
if I feel comfortable in my own skin and
if I like the way that I look and I feel
sexy and those are the only things that
matters so if someone says you need to
gain weight or you need to lose weight
you don't feel like you do when you look
in the mirror and you like what you see
and your significant other likes what
they see and you're just happy and
healthy overall fuck would anyone else
says right and so none of that actually
affects me and I'm like open and honest
with what's going on with my weight
because it's fucked up and I want other
girls to not have to go through it as
well so I let's just start from the
beginning and I'll tell you where my
birth-control kind of fucked me over and
why I gained weight a year about a year
ago I've actually lost 20 pounds since I
gained all the weight from having Mirena
which is an IUD which means intrauterine
device I think I think those are that's
what it is and basically it's like a
little T thing that they stick into your
uterus so that you can't get pregnant
and you don't have to take pills you
don't there's no upkeep so it's like
really cool and you can have it for up
to four years well that should
completely fucked up my hormones now
when I went to my gynecologist for a
check-up I was talking about how I want
to get into birth control again because
I know that the hormones and birth
control have made my skin really perfect
right and she recommended that I do that
IUD said I don't have to keep taking
pills and I was like okay but it's not
gonna make me gain weight right that's
like the biggest issue I've heard of
that and the biggest like possibility of
me being unhappy is like it's not gonna
make me have acne it's not gonna make me
gain weight and she was like that's very
very rare every single birth control
method says that that might happen but
with the Mirena you're gonna have less
hormones overall so it's probably gonna
change you less and I'm like this is
fucking awesome no upkeep and it's not
gonna fuck with me now it is full on
progesterone and no estrogen which and
progesterone is the synthetic version of
the male hormone so basically I was
getting zero estrogen and more of the
male hormone so my skin broke out I
gained 40 fucking pounds inadvertently I
was still going to the gym I was still
eating the same thing but
I fuckin ballooned up and I couldn't do
anything about it so I fuckin took that
shit out and since then I've lost 20
pounds and I'm like halfway back to
where my like comfortable weight is my
the way I like my body I like my body
the most when it's in between 105 and
115 and 120 is kind of like where it
likes to sit and I have to like work
harder to get past the plateau of 120
now I'm five foot four and I have a
really small build like if you look at
my wrists like I can overlap my wrists
quite a bit because I have a really
small frame and I'm a pretty little
chick so it's like kind of like having
bird bones where it's really polite
talking like fly and stuff um and I feel
so much better when I'm at a lower
weight so it's not unhealthy for me at
all I've never been in an unhealthy
weight on the lower end of the spectrum
and right now I'm actually borderline
overweight because of this stupid shit
that's been going on and it sucks and
like I really love my natural figure and
I think that's something that you have
to kind of understand know whoever you
are just kind of love yourself and
change the things that you can change
but have the strength to accept things
that you can't change like I wish I was
shorter and anytime I see like I'm
watching the office again and anytime I
see Angela I'm like I wish I was 5 1
instead of 5 for this is so stupid
but it's like it's like a healthy envy
where you're like oh she's cute and hot
and she will throw her around to bed
that type of thing you know so I really
love my figure because when I gain
weight I pretty much only gain it in my
ass and legs and it's amazing and when I
get a little bit bigger I don't like the
way that I look as much and I don't feel
as healthy I don't feel as energetic I
can't like run around and jump around
like you should see me when I'm like at
105 115 I'm like even more than this so
I can't wait to get back there but um
yeah it's just that's what I prefer and
that's what I like and I know when I get
down there people are gonna say I'm too
fit I'm too skinny I'm you know not
thick anymore I'm not gonna blah blah
blah and I'm like I don't care I'm
fucking happy with myself just like I'm
happy with myself now even though I'm
not at that weight because it's so much
fun to have a goal in to reach it and
when I was younger I was about 130 and
that was like my average I was a little
bit chubby I've always been 5'4 I've
been 5'4 since I was in sixth grade my
dad thought that I was gonna be in the
WNBA he thought I was gonna be like
Tulsa bitch in the world but I never
gained
more height and I just stayed the way
that I was so I was about 1:30 and then
I got into high school and I got up to
about 155 which is the heaviest I've
ever been besides I think I was like 5
pounds heavier or something on this
Mirena shit which is fucking insane like
160 at 5-4 that's pretty insane I felt
sluggish I felt sick I might skin broke
out I was it just felt so disgusting
like I didn't feel like myself at all I
felt like this fucked-up version of
myself I was like I have to get this
thing out of me and I was so glad I did
but anyway um so I got up to 155 and
then I started taking college courses
when I was in high school because I was
sick of high school it's boring nobody
there was my like we I was really
popular rather than have that many real
friends because everyone that was really
ghetto and that's not like my style like
it was like the whole rap hip-hop scene
and that's like totally not my thing so
I was the white girl in school so I
enrolled in Running Start which is going
to ecology getting college courses while
you're getting high school credits and
it's for the people who were bored in
school because it's so easy for them and
it was really really easy for me in
school like I skipped like half of my
junior and senior year and sophomore
year and I had like a 3.7 GPA when I
finished and even care about it at that
point but I had a really good GPA
because it's so fucking easy anyway so I
took some fitness classes because I
wanted to get more into fitness I wanted
to be a fitness model once I turned 18
and I I remember the turning point for
me was finding out how many calories is
in a pound and I think it's like 3500
son like that I remember but I always
tell the story and that made me like a
gym nut like I loved going to the gym I
felt fucking great when I went there I
was like working out I was feeling good
I was seeing results and I got down to
about 125 pounds by the time I started
modeling by the time I took my first
shoot and by the time I graduated high
school is about 120 and I worked really
really hard and I got down to like 107
105 I think was my lowest and my body
was like fucking amazing I loved it so
much and I still retained that like
curvaceous figure where like I have like
wider hips and I had a nice butt and my
legs were still a little bit thicker so
like nobody could say that I'm anorexic
or anything but I had a really thin
upper body and my big boobs just
accentuated that's so much more and
that's why it was my figure so much but
then I gained a little bit of weight
because I was like thinking I don't want
to really be in the fitness industry
anymore I want to be in the glamor
industry
if it allows me to eat more junk food
which I love to do and I get more jobs
why not do it and then I got up to about
125 and kind of maintained that for the
next couple years
and then I started streaming and it
started youtubing and I stayed the same
and then I got on this Mirena thing and
I change fucking 40 pounds and I'm 20
pounds down and I'm about 135 if maybe
130 but I'm getting there and that's all
that matters the fact that I I don't
mind the weight gained because it's fun
to have a journey to go back and forth
and to accomplish something in my life
and to be where I want to be and when
someone who was said that I looked great
at this weight and I'm not too skinny
anymore and then when I get skinny they
say I'm too skinny like that's not gonna
affect me either because I'm healthy I'm
happy and I'm where I'm at and that's
all this should matter to you and you
guys should get to the gym and fucking
work out because it's so much fun and it
feels so fucking good and I don't know
it's just learning more about the gym
and getting into fitness is something
that really changed my life for the
better and I feel so much better when
I'm doing it and when I take a break and
I'm like oh let's eat some pizza and
let's chill out and do some stuff on the
couch for a long time and like skip the
gym for a week I miss it because even
though it's a pain in the ass to go to
the gym everyday getting up and doing it
and then the next day I feel so much
better like immediately and it's just
something that's great for your health
and it's great for your self-esteem and
I did I don't necessarily feel
uncomfortable my body I still feel sexy
I still love my figure when I'm not my
ideal weight or whatever but um it just
doesn't feel as healthy and it's strong
and it's fast and I can't fit into
clothes as easily like I'm I was like
size six now I don't know in in normal
clothes what I am but in Hollister I'm a
size six and I've been as low as a
double zero or a zero so that was really
cool but yeah so I just wanted to
address that that's why I gained weight
but I have been losing weight about 20
fucking pounds which is actually a lot
of my frame it's funny I lost the first
10 pounds within the like first month
and a half because like it just my the
equilibrium of my my estrogen and you
know whatever is so much better now that
I'm on the regular pill and Yasmine and
Sasha she has like it's like the best
thing ever for my body in my skin like
my skin is so perfect now too
I was so sad because I had so much acne
and I was actually thinking about going
to the what's it called skin doctor
dermatologist to check out things for
adult acne and stuff because I had such
a bad complexion and such bad skin and
now it's just like perfect again and I'm
back on my like track to what I view is
my vision of perfection and I think
that's great and I think everyone should
be doing that no one should feel bad
that they want to change their body no
one should feel bad that they want to
improve themselves and no one should
feel like it's okay to be unhealthy and
sit on the couch or you know just I
think it's just so great to not be lazy
you know like to have goals and to
achieve them and there's nothing wrong
with that there's nothing shallow about
that you have one body fucking work on
it right alright so hopefully I
addressed that properly I am getting a
headache from this light and I have to
do an unboxing so I will see you guys
tomorrow I hope you enjoyed the sex ed
yesterday was kind of hot
also I obviously recorded it today coz
yeah same shirt bye guys hey guys if
you're enjoying my free content you want
to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and supported my
youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
hopes
heythere's vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is gonna be normal update and topic
blogs except Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Terry's comment and
every other Wednesday is sex seven Tara
and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice
brightest and don't forget to subscribe
to this channel as well as my gaming
youtube and youtube.com slash Tara
bathtub games and if you want to watch
my gameplay live don't forget to check
out terrible TV or twitch TV slash care
about them subscribe and don't forget to
smile bye guys
