hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week we're going to go
over nipple simulation and what is
affectionately called titty fucking
having big boobs I get asked a lot about
Tina fucking and because I have fake
boobs I get asked a lot about nipple
sensation so I thought I would take a
whole episode to talk about the
wonderful world of boob and nipple
stimulation the nipple for both men and
women is considered an erogenous zone
erogenous zones are defined by areas on
the human body that are more sensitive
and elicit a sexual response when
stimulated it is very unlikely for a
woman to come based on the simulation of
her breasts alone I would say it's
impossible but I have heard stories of
it actually happening sex arousal and
climax are all linked in part to one's
mental state so it is technically
possible for a receptive mental state
plus really sensitive nipples to cause
an orgasm without any vaginal
stimulation more commonly the
stimulation of nipples and breasts and
hole are linked to foreplay or as a
supplement to sex every woman is
different but some things you can try
are to squeeze and caress her breasts to
suck lick or gently bite her nipples to
kiss all around her breasts to grab on
to them during intercourse or to rub
your penis between them which is called
titty fucking some women like it rougher
in which case you can use nipple clamps
to bite them harder or even twist them
some men even like their nipples to be
stimulated there's no shame in that it's
pretty common as always talk with your
partner and experiment some women may be
more into this than others and adding
more stimulation can help your girl or
your guy climax easier or harder now
would you end like to be titty fucked
like you see in porn some do I know I do
but it's not going to make them come
like penetrating their vagina it's not
as much about the feeling for the girl
as it is the guy enjoying her breasts or
the penis being so close to the face or
close to the breasts I like to add a
little licking and sucking during being
titty fuck - it's all about variety in
the visual especially for men and we
like it important because it's something
visual involving big tits makes perfect
sense right a lot of what we see in porn
isn't necessarily meant to feel good to
the people involved as much as it is
meant to give the viewer the best visual
aid and put him in a sexual mood or her
as for a lack of sensitivity after
breast augmentation that's actually a
real complication but it's very very
rare usually if anything nipples can
become more sensitive and stay harder
longer this is due to the surgeon
messing with the nerve
during the implantation and it usually
goes back to normal after a while since
my augmentation I've had zero change in
sensation and I really hope this doesn't
have to be stated but hard nipples
doesn't signify arousal and women part
nipples are more often due to cold
genetics the type of bra or shirt or
many other factors alright guys don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel let me know if you learned
anything and let me know what topic you
want me to tackle next time
as always guys keep fuckin those titties
hey guys we're joined by free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars in
support of my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes
heythere's vlog and fanservice lovers i
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Terry's
comments and every other Wednesday is
sex 7 care and every other Friday is
going to be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming youtube and youtube.com slash
Tara backup games and if you want to
watch my gameplay live don't forget to
check out carob a TV or twitch.tv flash
care about go subscribe and don't forget
to smile bye guys
