hey guys welcome to another blog today's
topic is going to be my experience PAX
Prime 2015 normally I would do this kind
of thing on my gaming channel is a
gaming vlog but packs has been a huge
part of my last week because I've been
preparing for it and it's huge part of
my life to be a gamer so I want you guys
to check out my gaming channel as much
as possible and I also want to give
little snippets of my gaming life on
here too because this is supposed to be
a blog channel where I talk about my
life so we're going to talk about pax
prime 2015 so the first thing that
happened was I was going to go as a sexy
Vulcan I had this like really sexy like
Spock dress type thing that I got it
through Friday night mail from someone I
really appreciate that but it's fucking
amazing I think it was a sweetest kitty
who sent it to me so if you've seen that
a Friday night mail episode you know
what I'm talking about but um it was
like so sexy that I wanted to wear it to
pack so I was planning on wearing its
packs for a really long time and i
ordered fishnets to go with it and I
asked Jay to order them for me because
he has amazon prime and i don't so i was
just like yeah order some black fishnets
and he ordered me white fucking fishnets
and white there's no white on the
costume at all there's no white on the
dress there's I even bought like Spock
ears and I was going to go like with my
hair behind my ears with like Spock ears
there's gonna be so cute but the
dumbfuck saw a picture of black leggings
or black tights or whatever fishnets and
it said white in the color and he added
it to cart and sent it so like what the
bra but anyway so I decided to go as
Reese a coogi kaua from persona 4 but it
was like a Tara version and I totally
forgot my um you're supposed to wear one
of those like schoolgirl like sailor
looking necktie things was just like a
tie and it was yellow and I didn't wear
that and I didn't have a white
turtleneck to go underneath so it didn't
even really look like reesei and I don't
like the way the outfit fits on me
that's why I've never worn it before but
I was like whatever I want to cosplay
and I wanted to do some sexy homeage of
something so might as well be you know
Reese a and it didn't look that great so
also if you guys want to see the
exclusive pictures and footage you can
go to my patreon page I'm going to post
the link in the description and also i
have on my gaming channel today this is
why this isn't going on my gaming
channel i have the full pax prime
footage the actual professional
edited video with music and footage from
the event and me and my cosplay outfit
so if you want to check that out all the
links should be in the description or in
the comments section or both which is
pretty cool so I went as media this is
my media pass for tara babcock games
which is pretty cool the first year I
went as my own entity usually I go for
impulse gamer or for zooming games or
something but um it was pretty nice to
go this year as myself for tara babcock
games with J&J also had a media pass and
this is I bought him in the middle of
the day this is Teddy from persona 4 I
thought it would be a cute addition to
my outfit because what I was going to
bring my Tribble when I was sexy Spock
but I didn't have a prop for persona 4
but I got one there which is pretty cool
and Teddy's the cutest he is awesome so
I loved it I didn't I got a bunch of
codes to indie games and stuff which i'm
not going to show off because I don't
know where I put them I think they're in
my bag somewhere and also because I have
a terrible habit of holding it up and
actually showing the code so i don't get
the code you guys get the code or
whoever is an asshole enough to like
pause the video and take the code I've
done that before and it's been awful
that's why I don't actually show things
usually on giveaways if the code is
involved another thing that I got was uh
this I bought him it's Donkey Kong but
he's a backpack and literally the only
thing they can fit in here basically is
like my phone but it's like really cute
in his backpack and I was wearing it and
then Jay was wearing it because Jay was
wearing the shirt with all the Mario
characters and then Donkey Kong is also
in it I don't know why I guess because
just Nintendo or something but I also
got this hyperx close stick which is no
longer glowing but it's he's so cute
right and I wanted to initially take him
to magic as my magic backpack but
there's no possible way I'm gonna fit my
entire magic deck box in here like
there's no possible way I wish that he
was more hollowed out and had less you
know like fluff because it would make so
much more sense and I would be able to
fit so many more things in there but
that's cool another thing i got is jay
got oh this one's mine it's like purple
allah mog which is one of the new dudes
from the new set of battle for zendikar
and then Jay gotta know mog shirt as
well but his is large and he got I think
it's like peach he got the color peach
and it was cool because we got vouchers
at the magic party which was at the end
of the day
to get those things and then some other
swag that J got is a daisy shirt which
is pretty cool my one of my favorite
things of the event is ok so these are
the dice that I use their uh like shiny
shiny sparkly like hot pink dyes which
is this is my favorite color and they
sparkle as well which is like something
i really love look how small those are
that's the shit that you can buy
normally i bought these which is the
same color but a lot bigger and these
which are the same color and a lot
bigger and i really like the chess x
which is like a hilarious name chess sex
is what it's called but one of the s's
is intertwined with the sex so it's
actually called chess sex and it's a
company from germany and that's a who
makes the majority of the chest the
chest the majority of the dice and a
bunch of different types of pieces that
you can get for tabletop games and they
had a huge selection of dice you'll be
able to see it if you watch the video on
my gaming channel that comes out around
the same times this one but it was so
fucking sick like I was like oh my god
dice heaven and now that I'm actually
playing something like magic that
requires dice I'm like all over it and
these are so fucking awesome they're
huge they're sparkly as fuck I just love
it and they actually had bigger dies in
this but not in this color so I was kind
of sad about that we walked around we
took a lot of footage I was just pretty
much taking video of the whole area and
just exploring and having fun because
usually when I go to an event I end up
spending most of my time working so this
time I only got a couple appointments to
talk to people the first appointment was
for binding of isaac after birth and i
signed a what's it called an embargo
that I can't talk about it and I didn't
even get to go to it because we arrived
late which fucking sucks but I really
wanted to know what was going on because
biting flies Binding of Isaac can't
fucking talk today Jesus Christ I need
more caffeine or less caffeine I'm not
quite sure but anyway binding of isaac
is one of my favorite games ever binding
of isaac rebirth specifically because
the first one was good for the second
one was even better and other having the
expansion for the second one which is
going to be my favorite favorite with a
lot of new content just basically it's
going to be Oh fucking awesome i cannot
wait and i wanted to see it and i wanted
to get the hands on whatever they were
offering but i wasn't able to make it
and then the second the second
appointment i had was with
jake and magic is coming out with a
puzzle quest game and if you guys
haven't paid it played a puzzle quest
game yet you absolutely have to
unfortunately right now it's only going
to be on on mobile devices which I'm
really pissed off about because I don't
play fucking mobile games unless I'm
playing on my 3ds i play on pc or i play
on ps4 and those are pretty much the two
platforms that i play on right now but i
almost never liked to play on my phone
or even on the 3ds with 3d s is ok
because the games are like cutesy so
it's not that bad that you're not seeing
like a full screen version and like high
graphic but whatever the fuck but I like
high resolution and I like really good
graphics and it's hard to tell that on
such a small screen basically so I feel
like I'm not doing my favorite
franchises enough service if I'm playing
on a small screen and they often put
like the the dumb spin-offs on the
portable portable version I feel like
that's why like there were a lot of
portable final fantasy games that I
haven't played yet and they usually
would port the really old ones like
final fantasy 3 and lower they would
pour it onto a portable and then they
would also have like spin-offs they had
like a wasn't there observers but it was
another one that they had forget maybe
final fantasy tactics and my quite sure
but there was one on there and it's just
like spin-offs that don't really mean
anything because obviously they want the
big titles to be on the big consoles and
the big platform so that makes sense to
me but um I'm really excited about it
and I'm hoping it comes to PC because it
looks really cool Puzzle Quest is really
cool it's like it's kind of like
bejeweled but then it has RPG elements
and you actually it's like there's a
story with it so it's really cool it's
kind of like honey pop I'm playing honey
pop right now in my gaming channel which
is like a dating sim where you can
you're playing a bejeweled type game
during the dates but the rest of it is
like answering questions and RPG
elements and leveling up certain like
skills and it's really cool and I like
that kind of thing and it's a more
laid-back thing you can do and with the
magic when you don't actually have to
know how to play magic but it gives you
an edge and you can make your own decks
as you like line up different mana you
you play cards and you like order the
cards in whichever order you want and
they it's just just really cool it's
really cool if you are into mobile games
and stuff and if you've ever played a
puzzle quest game
sick we walked around we hung out with
Jesus we spent a lot of time the magic
area if we weren't walking around and
checking things out i bought like i said
i bought the donkey kong and the teddy
figure and some dice and it was just
really fun and really nice and it was
laid back because i didn't have to do a
lot of interviews and stuff like that so
i really enjoyed this packs and my
favorite favorite part is this now there
are only 20 of these in the world in
existence and they were given out to all
of the pro players and people who are
important in wizards and magic and
apparently they thought i was important
enough to get one of these and it's a
it's a battle presentable a battle for
zendikar survival kit i'm not going to
be opening it on this video i'm actually
going to do a full unboxing because i
said i would because i guess they just
really appreciate all of the visibility
i'm giving to magic foreleg like you
guys are just like random guys most of
you don't play magic and then i have
like the mainstream gamer fans and the
twitch TV gamer fans and all of that
together is being kind of funneled
toward toward magic and i think they
really appreciate that so i'm excited to
open that but i'm one of very very few
people that have one and i think that is
fucking sick as shit and i love it um
the biggest snafu of pax was trying to
get home afterwards usually when we're
downtown Seattle we kind of just drive
until we see the i five or 405 signs
well Jay and I both of our phones had
died so we couldn't get directions and
there actually were no signs so we just
kept driving and we didn't know where
the fuck we were we drove for like an
hour and then I was like I really have
to pee so we ended up finally stopping
at a safeway or some shit and it was
like a really creepy safeway in like
Rainier Beach if you guys don't live
here Rainier Beach is pretty ghetto it's
not you shouldn't be there at night and
I was wearing my leg little Reese a
schoolgirl outfit no it's fucking awful
and I went in there and we were asking
directions and some guy was like trying
to hit on me I'm like don't fucking talk
to me and then he like started following
us around and being belligerent I was
fucking awful so we ran back to the car
and got in and drove for another million
years until we finally found the
entrance to i-90 and got home and I was
like oh thank God we got home and it was
raining so hard it was the first day
that it rained in the last like three
months and it had
beyond the day of packs so I couldn't go
outside and I or get my hair wet and it
had to be when we were trying to drive
home in the dark it was like so terrible
but I'm just glad we got home and I had
a great packs I think it was wonderful i
got to see a bunch of new games coming
out i got to see a bunch of new like
headsets and peripherals and it was it's
like nerd paradise because they also
have a bunch of different panels you can
go to you can sign things you can hang
out with people it's just you get to
meet people I know a couple of the
streamers were there I got to see a
bunch of pants I took I you know took
pictures with them got hugs it was it
was great so overall a successful packs
alright guys I'll see you and remember
check out the gaming channel and patreon
if you want to see all the extra content
the gaming channel video is pretty
fucking sick I spent a lot of time
editing it I hope you guys enjoy it and
look forward in a couple days to the
unboxing of this on my gaming channel as
well oh yeah alright guys thanks for
watching of me reach my goals link is
down in the description thank you
anything hopes hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic blogs except
wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday is sex 7 care
and every other friday is going to be
friday night mail or fanservice fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my game play live
don't forget to check out tara babcock
TV or twitch TV / care about gun
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
