hey guys oh I am so excited to showcase
my first time wearing a peed piggy tail
things where I look like Harley Quinn
well at least the first time in a long
time and um I think it'll kind of uplift
the mood of this vlog because the topic
is gonna be kind of heavy and I'm just
giving my opinions and my insights on it
and what I think is kind of fucked up
from a legal standpoint and also from a
societal standpoint but we're gonna talk
about rape today it's not gonna be that
great it's not gonna be that great it's
gonna be very orange non grape so if
you're looking for a grape-flavored rape
then you aren't gonna find it here
anyway by the time you watch this I will
be at PAX I'm recording this on Thursday
but this is Saturday's vlog that's how
busy I'm gonna be this weekend I have to
record a bunch of stuff early on so if
you've seen me in this outfit in this
hairstyle on Thursday is streaming and
you're like what the fuck is going on
that's what's going on but anyway let's
talk about this so first off I want to
start by saying that if you are jogging
in a park and you get abducted by a guy
and you're beaten and raped and like
left for dead
I that is like one of the worst things
that could ever possibly happen to a
human being and I'm very fucking sorry
I'm sorry for all the injuries I'm sorry
that that happened to you and it's
terrible it really is terrible I'm not
trying to with what I'm saying I'm not
trying to take away the terribleness
from your ordeal and I definitely would
not wish that on anyone and wouldn't
want that to happen to myself as well so
I just want to get that out of the way
for all of the people who might
misunderstand what I'm saying um oh the
sensible people though you can just skip
to a 1 minute and 30 seconds which
doesn't really help you unless you can
go back in time and rewind like life is
strange like max Caulfield and anyway
yeah so I'm gonna start with a little
bit of an anecdote well it's not like a
personal anecdote but it's something
that I heard about recently in the magic
community and don't worry you don't have
to know anything about magic in order to
understand what I'm saying so basically
there was this guy who ten years ago was
convicted of rape and when that was
outed he was banned from playing in
magic tournaments even Magic the
Gathering online which is pretty much as
an online client you can never do
anything with it other than just play
online and occasionally there are like
in-person tournaments that you can
qualify for with Magic online but
they're like really small tournaments
and they're held at the Wizards
headquarters and all that stuff so most
magic tournaments are pretty secure but
anyway the details of this rape are that
he he claims that it was consensual but
it was at a party and the woman was
drunk and I guess she was like bent over
a toilet or whatever and they I guess
she was convicted because the girl said
that she was raped and the guy said that
he was consensual but he ended up taking
a deal as to avoid a longer sentence
basically so it's pretty good it's a
pretty good idea when you have a lot of
if you have a lot of evidence against
you to take a deal so that you don't end
up for sure staying in jail for a very
long time I think that makes sense to
everyone
legally a lot of people have watched
shows where the legality of things is
emissions so you kind of know that you
don't have to be a lawyer to know that
and you don't have to have had to
committed a crime to know that um but
basically it's since then at the last 10
years he got married he went to school
for law related things he gave back to
charity and he pretty much tried to turn
his life around because clearly this was
just a mistake
it was either a mistake or it was
something that didn't even fucking
happen but the fact that 10 years later
his life is being ruined and this guy
who has won tournaments like he is he
was good at magic and important in the
magic community and he was winning
tournaments and just because some douche
had decided that he should say something
about it
Wizards has just been like you know fuck
you and fuck your accounts and they
basically said that you can't they gave
him a check for all the things that they
estimated was worth on his NT geo
account and they wouldn't let him
transfer the cards to friends it was
basically just like we don't have to
give you details fuck you and I think
the distinction in society between
different types of rape should
definitely be there because in my
opinion when a girl gets raped raped she
says it's rape at a party and then she
wakes up the next morning and she like
says that she was raped
that is completely fucking different
from the guy who habitually goes into a
you know park where women are running
and is a stranger and grabs them and
rapes them and you know attempts to
murder them or beats them or it's just
like this malicious violent act that is
completely different from something you
did like a mistake you made when you
were a teenager you know in high school
or college where you know some would
drunk
girl like gave you a little less consent
that is then is necessary for you know
illegal consensual you know sexual
relationship or the most important thing
that I think is the most fucked-up thing
about the legal system is that a woman
can basically like make a mistake with
some guy that was completely consensual
and the next day wake up and go yeah I
was raped and a lot of women like kind
of just say they were raped or say that
this happened to them so that they can
get attention that's something that
actually happens and I know not everyone
is doing that and I know that might not
even be the majority but it's a little
bit ridiculous that someone who made a
mistake at a party gets the same you
know gets in the same trouble as someone
who actually maliciously raped someone
and they don't and it ruins the fucking
guy's life he's like a sex offender he
can't do certain things he can't get
certain jobs he has to like you know do
crazy things to get back into societies
like even decent graces since then it's
just so ridiculous to me and so unfair
to me that like what the fuck is he
gonna do like he had sex with some girl
at a party and she may not have liked it
that much and now he can't participate
in something that he loves and he's like
barred from certain things in his life
like fucking magically he's gonna go
around raping the two women there at a
gigantic magic tournament where there's
a lot of security and people and it's
just so fucking stupid to me that they
did that just because of something that
happened a fucking a long time ago and
shit like this happens all the time and
it sucks because like they would say
like rape reports would say well there
was like damage like vaginal damage or
you know bruises that are consistent
with rape yeah so as there would be
every single time I have sex like I like
rough sex it's fun you know I'm gonna
get a bruise I'm gonna you know have a
beaten up pussy for a day I guess I
don't know but like to like it sucks I
can't just like go like and have sex
with some new guy well at least if he's
a smart new guy I can't go have sex
doesn't feel like fucking pull my hair
spank me you know slap me you choke me
all that stuff you like if you're smart
if a girl comes up to you and says
that'd be like fuck that shit because
your word is much much stronger than
mine and it's such a double standard too
because if a woman rapes a man unless he
as long as he's not underage or
something it's like who cares right and
like it's it should be a sum
or trauma like I know that the woman has
a different you know sexual parts so
that like you know it can hurt more or
it can be damaged more and stuff and
it's more likely that a woman will get
raped than a man because of you know
just the physical stature and stuff but
if a man gets raped why do we kind of
laugh at it and a woman gets raped and
it's the worst thing that's ever
happened to anyone okay so like unless
you are actually brutally murdered like
almost brutally murdered and beaten and
all that stuff
rape is not the worst thing that can
happen to you and I hate the women who
talk about rape as if it's something
that we can't joke about we can talk
about everything and if you have a
problem with that just don't be around
the people that are joking I can have I
can imagine having something terrible
happening to me or having things that
are you know like poor traits that I
have or something being made fun of and
I take it as a joke and if you can't if
you're not at that stage in your life
where you can take something as a joke I
feel like you still need psychological
help because you can't bar people from
freedom of speech you can't go around
and like be like oh I can't even you
know be in this you know comedy club
because someone might talk about rape
and it just seems like a cry for help
rather than actual reality and I get
that people are trying to protect these
rape victims because it is it could
possibly be something that is very
terrible in your life but to say that
your husband raped you that's fucking
bullshit oh my god your husband cannot
rape you unless he's like beating you
along with it like oh and they're like
yeah I was raped once by my ex-husband
it's like I'm gonna divorce separate
yourself from them unless you were
beaten you have like it's oh that is not
the worst thing that can happen to you
there are so many worse things that can
happen to you than having sex with
someone when you didn't really feel like
it someone you've had sex with before or
you know getting drunk at a club and
having sex with a guy you would not
normally have sex with that it like it's
so stupid so many women are reporting
rape and then acting like it's the worst
thing that's ever happened to them when
it was basically consensual and you were
drunk and it's like men have to be so
careful and I feel so sorry for men
because of this like feminist protection
that they're getting where it's like can
I have sex with this drunk girl at this
party is she gonna wake up the next
morning and report me you know can I do
this and that because she's just gonna
fucking wake up the next morning and
report me you know can i you know choke
my girlfriend or is she gonna say that
it's abuse can I have rough sex or are
they gonna say it's abuse like oh you
know if some girl that I'm not a
tracted - you know somehow gets a hold
of me and rapes me when I'm drunk oh
it's like whatever you just laugh it off
and now it's like a walk of shame that
you have to do well I think it should be
the same for women it should just be
like oh I was drunk and I did some
stupid shit walk of shame it wasn't
someone abducting you and beating you
and so many women are reporting this and
it's so easy - because it's gonna be her
word against his and her word will
always always take precedence because
she's a woman and it's just it's so
silly and a lot of like women are that
these feminists are like pushing for
equality well if you want equality you
have to not get all of the perks for
being you know smaller physically or you
know weaker physically because you can't
you can't have that protection like you
know a man opens the door for you or you
know like you can be raped but a man
can't all of these like these things
that don't make sense in the feminists
arguments like we need to understand
that women are smaller you know
physically most of the time they're
weaker physically most of the time but
you know if you're doing like people
don't understand that the difference
between fighting for the same pay with
the same abilities like let's say some
kind of mass the counting job or
something like that if the woman does
the same like the same type of job as
the man and the woman is doing just as
good as the man she should be paid the
same yes sure everyone should have the
same rights as a human being regardless
of gender race creed religions stuff
like that but when it we have to
understand that there are you know
physiological even psychological and
physical differences in a man and a
woman and we to judge case by case and
we need to stop like putting certain
labels on people that will ruin their
lives based on just some stupid mistake
that if it was the other way around some
guy fucking some ugly chick he didn't
want to fuck it would be like you can't
report that his rape and you know as
I've said before I'm not talking about
the actual like horrific rapes where you
don't even know the person all of a
sudden you're you know grabbed and raped
there's no consent whatsoever there's no
even like flirting and then I do agree
that it does suck if like a girl seems
promiscuous or dresses promiscuously
and they hold that up in court but at
the same time it's like yeah sure her
being like that doesn't necessarily
condone rape but she's not asking for it
but at the same time if she is putting
up certain signs and giving enough
consent that would
good enough for you know a man with a
woman and then she like regrets it the
next day that's not fucking great and I
think there's a huge problem with people
labeling it all is the same thing so um
I have never been raped I made a video
about almost molested that was the
closest I've ever been and I can imagine
the outcome and I can imagine that I
would stick to my guns with this and it
has nothing to do with emotion it's
purely irrational illogical and I just
feel sorry for people like the guy who
got kicked out of the whole magic
community for the rest of his life a
lifetime ban for something they did ten
years ago when he is a bigger upstanding
citizen now is married than like most
people in the world most people in the
magic community and it sucks that just
like some kind of word of mouth makes
this person a monster just as big of a
monster as someone you know who went out
and like premeditated a rape and it's
just fucking stupid so hopefully you
guys take this for what it is which is
my worry and my effort to kind of feel
sorry for the power that women have over
men and sexuality and how it's just like
it's up to them it's basically up to how
they perceived things and I can imagine
so many like unstable or emotional or
illogical women just you know making
mistakes at a club or making mistakes at
a party and then ruining a guy's life
and I want women to understand that if
you make a claim like that you're
ruining someone else's life and you have
an immense amount of power because
otherwise of a bunch of victims would be
not as protected as they should be but
you should you know take not take that
power for granted and not you know ruin
someone's life over it and if you guys
have had anything like that happen or if
you look do you guys feel okay as a man
I know most of my audience is male do
you ever feel like when you're getting
involved with another girl or with a new
girl or with a girlfriend and you know
she wants it rough or you want it rough
or you were having sex with a girl who
might be intoxicated like do you ever
feel uncomfortable with that situation
do you ever go like you know I have to
be extra careful because anything can
come out of this if you've ever been
accused of anything has anything ever
come of that I'm hoping most of you have
not been accused of rape or have had any
actual problems with this but um I
wanted to talk about it a little bit and
sorry for the heavy topic and if any of
you have actually been raped
you should definitely report it but you
should make sure that it wasn't just a
mistake and that it was an actual you
know not like oh I agreed to have sex
with him and then he smelled bad now I
don't like it or oh I was drunk and then
I woke up in the morning and I didn't
like it and I wasn't sure if I can send
it be sure be sure that it actually
emotionally affected you because it just
seems like you know you're opening up an
opportunity for so many women to cry
rape when it's convenient for them and
that's kind of shitty I hate that
there's like a predicament where you
have to protect the actual victims but
how can you tell the actual victims from
the liars and the crazy bitches you know
and that sucks for men and I'm glad I'm
not a man because I'm never gonna be
convicted of rape I mean I feel like
it's a little bit silly that teachers
get convicted of rape when they're like
20 to having sex with like or 28 five I
guess would be better because I think
that's out of the range of all of the
whatever's but like 25 having sex with a
16 or 17 year old boy like sure they
shouldn't be a teacher anymore but why
is that such a big fucking deal when I
was 16 the 16 year old boys and myself
we were ready to make decisions and sex
and sure some guy can like manipulate a
teenage girl or manipulate a teenage guy
a girl can and you know that can be you
know damaging but that can happen at any
fucking age like I you can make mistakes
sexually or make mistakes with who you
have a relationship with at any age and
by the time you're like 16 I think you
can make those decisions on your own so
the fact that they judge that so harshly
and you're going to jail for it it's
like actually fucking stupid I don't
think people should put so much you know
so much importance on sex anyway it's
not like oh someone sticks their dick in
me and now you know it's the end of the
fucking world in terms of like oh my god
I can't believe I did that now I can't
take it back or oh my god now I'm a slut
like all these all these like labels the
society puts on sex is so fucking stupid
so yeah I'm forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel and let me know
what kind of topic you want me talk
about next yeah I'm getting it a lot of
hate for this one bye guys hey guys if
you enjoyed my free content you want to
keep my content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars in
support of my YouTube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything helps hey there's vlog and
fan service lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is gonna be
normal update and topic vlogs except
Wednesdays are gonna be interchangeably
Tara Reid's comments and sex ed with
Tara so that means every other Wednesday
is Tara Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday at sex 7 care and every other
Friday is gonna be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming youtube at youtube.com slash Tara
backup games and if you want to watch my
gameplay live don't forget to check out
terrible TV or twitch.tv slash care
about that subscribe and don't forget to
smile bye guys
