hey guys welcome to new episode of
fanservice Friday the show that has
nothing to offer other than gratuitous
fanservice with the message that you
should have fun with your sexuality and
you shouldn't take yourself too
seriously this week we have a really
cool sponsor dress gal we have a bunch
of really hot club dresses that we're
gonna be showing off today and if you
guys want to help me out because maybe
they'll sponsor me again for some
lingerie
click the links down in the description
if you want to buy any of these dresses
the direct links are there or if you
just want to go to the homepage and
browse these dresses are super
high-quality and they're also like from
five dollars up you can literally get a
dress from dress kal for like five
dollars and there are some really crazy
outfits for like as low as 10 so whether
or not you're a girl and you're looking
for some new outfits or you're a guy you
want to shop for your girlfriend you
should check it out and if they happen
to like working with me I get some more
fanservice fodder so don't forget to
check out the description check them out
alright without further adieu let's grab
some sexy dresses
hey guys beer joins my free content you
want to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars in support of my
youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
hopes
hey there vlog and fan service lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic blogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday at 7 care and every other
Friday is going to be Friday night mail
or fanservice Fridays and don't forget
to subscribe to this channel as well as
my gaming youtube and youtube.com slash
care bathtub games and if you want to
watch my gameplay live don't forget to
check out Tara Babcock TV or twitch.tv
slash care about gun subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
