maybe me me me me oh hello guys and
welcome to a new episode of Tara bla bla
bla bla bla bla bla I need to think of
better things to inter this series
seriously
let's get going starting with the gaming
channel dirty mentally ill slut I don't
even know what to say about that
the thumbnail of these vids is amazing I
wish she could sit on me how could it be
so amazing if it makes you so sad I
don't like to be mean and everyone's
entitled to an opinion but why did she
have to come down so hard on Mac also
she is constantly asking dumb sarcastic
questions throughout the game it's just
annoying the banter of the Let's Plays
is what makes it so much more
interesting than playing it yourself so
if you have a problem what I say and you
don't find it funny don't watch my
videos simple as that
I want people with a good sense of humor
to watch my Let's Plays oh my gosh I
hate this video no offense Tara there's
something wrong anytime anyone says no
offence they literally mean to event
like literally every time it's like the
most condescending pretentious thing you
can say so if you want to be looked at
by me in that light and a lot of other
people keep saying no offense it just
shouldn't be in anyone's vernacular like
at all it should for a dish so thicken
zone in dine arsh dues east no deus
t'east
yeah so Alfonzo uh something about he
wants to fuck me in my ass
ah and the I like German dick this girl
is not fluent nice tits you filthy slut
I'm a little bit confused there's like a
compliment in there and there's also
someone who's clearly aiming to offend
me thanks you headset they awesome
ja ja I'm in the first to watch the
video wall and then this guy says which
is something I would say wow you should
do a vlog about it man you finally
achieve something do if being one of the
first in anything is something that's
your crowning achievement you need to
work harder on your life and stop
commenting on videos JK I want you to
comment on videos it's very important
for this video that you guys comment on
videos spend all your time doing it make
it a job I should like hire people to
comment on my videos
Tara Babcock is a transsexual I went to
high school with him back when he was
Terrence Babcock that is hilarious I
have never heard anything so truly in my
entire life but girls like GG gorgeous
these days it's kind of hard to tell
what's a man and a woman because that is
one of the hottest women I have ever
seen in my entire life
and she used to be a man oh my god this
is like the tenth person that's told me
I need to play until dawn I think I need
to play until dawn to make my viewers
happy and maybe I'll find a new game
that I absolutely love too which is
always the biggest perk of this job I
agree on many of the comments here I
just found this channel and by now I see
what it is about if it was truly about
game II wouldn't have to show your body
like that just to give views of
thirteen-year-olds I don't have to do
anything I'm doing it because this is
how I fucking dress if you don't want
different types of personalities in the
gaming community then you probably
shouldn't be in the gaming community
yourself Gaming is not just about one
type of fucking person
some like basement-dwelling male
degenerate who's overweight and doesn't
care about his appearance gaming is all
about embracing a bunch of different
types of people as long as you love
games and I'm definitely passionate
about games so I'm a gamer
that's that just because I have other
interests as well like you know working
out or looking good or trying on makeup
or dressing nice doesn't mean I also
don't really enjoy games and I was a
gamer before I was considered attractive
so I lower my IQ by several points just
because I have to keep explaining this
to people seems obvious to me yes do
magic I would learn Tara you can make
videos where you show in-game locations
are hidden collectibles from the games
that you like it would be a bit tedious
but I totally get my hidden collectable
locations from your videos rather than a
fad antisocial guy from some random
channel I've done some kinds of
walkthroughs and stuff like that for
blood-borne and I hope to do some more
but it takes a lot of work and I have to
find out what people actually want to
see so I'd have to be playing the most
current games and it's not that
interesting to watch for people who just
want to watch people playing games so
it's kind of a niche community within
YouTube if you're not like the biggest
channel ever because if I'm not one of
the ones with like a million views on
the video people are gonna see the other
ones much easier when they're just
searching for guides and my blood war
videos didn't really do well not a lot
of people needed guides to that game or
they got their guides elsewhere so if my
channel got bigger I would definitely do
stuff like that right now I'm kind of
just sticking to highlights and glitches
and stuff serious answer all right let's
go level or channel over who I would eat
am I
love your shit see where it came from my
intestines and colon fuck feminists if I
weren't already a submissive bitch -
might come at you like a dark horse
Queen I might consider becoming creepily
obsessed over you but that ship has
already sailed I'm honestly quite sad to
see that you're not going to be creepily
obsessed over me because you sound like
fun so I have an average link with
bellow average girth so like a short
pencil dick I feel for you man
no hey to you but it's funny how you'll
never have to apply for another job for
the rest of your life because you're
pretty much off of other people's
paychecks everyone is off of other
people's paychecks what the paychecks
for the corporation go to the workers
the content producers who make music and
videos get paid through people buying
their stuff it's pretty much just like
people are enjoying my content so they
give back a little or people are
enjoying my content and watching ads so
I get paid it's weird how people don't
understand how content producers work no
gold-digging involves I need to be able
to eat - reading YouTube comments makes
me stupider I would have gotten all the
girls there to wear a nun's habit one
night at an event since she made that
comment about the girls short slob I
don't even know what that's about that
was one of my videos like years ago is
it bad that I learned about what habit
is from binding of issac very not
churching myself how do I get in on this
come tribute thing do you want guys to
make you a cum tribute - I think I can
have that arranged I like some guy with
an Isaac icon and I was just talking
about Isaac
it's fucking fate I would so blow up a
tranny for free shemales are my fav now
blow them up like with explosives the
age-old question asserted why not both
people are always asking this or this
why can't we just have everything I am
NOT one to settle you shouldn't be
either I've busted not thirteen times
like today total in your life you must
be like thirteen fourteen then trust me
you're gonna lose count soon you might
be the best thing on YouTube right now
um how do you actually get to be your
submissive just
mmm-hmm slower for the love of God
slower
gotta click the pause button way too
many times you know you can make it
slower manually by clicking little gears
thing on the player right also I can't
say that's what she said because I don't
think anyone's ever said that at least I
haven't why is she not wearing a bra
because back in like the sixties or
seventies services bra-burning movement
and it's more fun not to wear a bra
ah right is it just me or has Tara
becoming very boring to watch on sub
it's just you bye alright I think that's
my cue to end this video don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and make sure you keep posting dumb
fucking shit on the internet so that I
can make fun of you and remember guys
it's all fun and games until someone
pokes someone's eye out with a penis see
you in two weeks
mwah hey guys if you're joining my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supported my YouTube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes
hey there vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is gonna be normal update and topic
blogs except Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Terry's comments and
every other Wednesday at sex 7 care and
every other Friday is going to be Friday
night mail or fanservice Friday's and
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming youtube at
youtube.com slash Tara bad top games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out Tara bad TV or
which TV slash care about gun subscribe
and don't forget to smile bye guys
