I can put it on my finger and finger
myself so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
what's up guys and welcome to a new
episode of Friday night mail today we're
gonna be doing it outside in front of my
house I have this like cool little
enclosure area where I have like this
little Tower in front of me that kind of
looks like the front of an old castle
but like Pueblo style because I live in
Vegas I have a gate in front of me so
this is like a completely gated off area
there's two doors here one door here
leading into other rooms and I'm just
sitting in here so if anyone walks by on
the concrete or is outside of their
houses it's gonna look a little bit
weird but I'm hoping this looks good and
I'm hoping it sounds good it does sound
a little echoey here but we're just
gonna do it first of all we have the
winner of this week's giveaway Ren
congratulations RN Ren is still yet to
get back to me so check your email girl
slash guy not sure which and I'll send
over that $25 gift card ASAP if any of
you guys want to sign up for this week's
giveaway link as always is in the top of
the description but let's just go ahead
and get into you guys's questions this
week king Aamir send me your stuff says
question would you rather be like Kim K
or Kylie also if you choose Kim would
you fuck Kanye okay so I used to think
Kim was like the prettiest of all the
Kardashians slash Jenner's until Kylie
got lip injections and started looking
really good and now I'm totally going
with Kylie this is not to say that I
don't have lots and lots of problems
with Kim Kardashian and the Jenner's
namely the way they forego putting ad on
things and then put it on later in order
to absolve themselves of any wrongdoing
even though it's illegal to be sponsored
by something and post something about it
and then not put ad and indicate that
it's an advertisement I am all for big
business and capitalism 100% but at the
same time I want everyone to be able to
be an informed consumer so that's
something that annoys me also I have
nothing against Photoshop I have nothing
against plastic surgery obviously but
I'm not sure this applies to Kim
Kardashian or Kylie Jenner but it seems
like they try to act like they look as
good as they do in pictures and videos
and I think the better road personally
for me is to just be completely honest
sometimes you need Photoshop to look
like you have perfect skin sometimes you
need to get plastic surgery to look the
way you want to look and not everyone is
gonna look perfect and not everyone
should so yea Kylie those are really
long
answer to that question moving on we
have Carla Dwayne us I hope I pronounced
that right question how would you feel
if Jake came to you and said he was
going to try a traditional relationship
with someone else and do you ever think
that is something you knew yourself
would try in a few years I admire your
openness and honesty when it comes to
sex and relations but was wondering if
you think that side of you would ever
change I don't really see why it would
barring Jays death or something if Jake
came to me and said that he would be 100
percent happier with this new person
that he's found and he finally found the
love of his life and he was an error
when he said that it was me and he
wanted to try something different I
would be happy for him I would be
devastated for myself obviously as a
selfish human being like everyone else
but part of the reason why I'm okay with
this open relationship thing and
non-monogamy thing is because I don't
think you should force your significant
other to be with you forever just based
on the fact that they don't get to try
anyone else out or they don't get to
actually find the love of their lives if
it happens to not be you some people
would say this is like true love are
extremely non selfish the thing that I'm
saying but basically it is selfish to me
because for me if someone wants to do
something and I'm barring them from
doing it that's just as bad as them
doing it and it makes me feel bad now if
Jay were to dive and along the line I
were to find someone else that I really
liked and really wanted to keep around
I'm pretty submissive when it comes to
that kind of thing I would be fine with
being in a monogamous relationship at
least like a one-way monogamous
relationship where he gets to fuck of
their girls or we have threesomes with
girls or something I don't need to fuck
other guys in fact I've been pretty
monogamous with Jay just by happenstance
for the last year or so I being an alpha
female kind of just follow behind
whichever alpha man I'm into and if I
happen to ever find someone else
after Jays passing that would be like a
J equivalent where I felt like he was my
best friend I could spend the rest of my
life with him I would never get sick of
fucking him oh my god here comes the
street sweeper yeah I would pretty much
do whatever he wants but I would surmise
that if I ever got into a monogamous
relationship with someone my openness
would allow them to be more open because
most guys let's face it as much as you
try to deny it or as much as you don't
feel like it's so in the beginning of a
relationship you are gonna want to fuck
other people it's in your biology as a
man to spread your seed far and wide and
hypergamy and women isn't uncommon
either
we're always basically just looking for
the next best thing or the next best
adventure and I think if you allow
yourself to indulge in that kind of
thing and if your partner is cool with
it and kind of
has your back on that then I don't see
why you wouldn't do it but as far as
being like oh my god all of a sudden I
want a monogamous relationship oh no
that's not gonna happen
all right last question is from super
Tom zero zero question since you were
off birth I think he means birth control
what would you do if you got pregnant
would you keep it give it up for
adoption or would you get an abortion I
would definitely get an abortion as soon
as possible I know it might seem a
little bit hypocritical that I say that
I understand the position of pro-life
but that I'm personally pro-choice or
pro baby killing don't want to sugarcoat
it but the more right-wing media I
listen to the more I can't logically and
rationally and philosophically saying
that pro-choice isn't baby murder I just
don't care I care about myself more than
a random potential baby life do you guys
happen to hate me for that so be it I am
only being honest all right guys if you
have any questions post them in the
comments next week Friday the 10th of
November is my birthday I'm very excited
I think it's gonna be a great Friday
night mail I'm gonna be taking from like
the seventh off until like probably the
13th or something just to chill and have
fun on my birthday I have videos
prepared but the only video I'm gonna be
recording is that Friday night mail so
you guys will get to hang out with me on
Friday for my birthday which is insane
okay listen to this Friday my birthday
and the 100th episode of Friday night
mail can you fucking believe it
so fucking crazy I'm so excited alright
let's go ahead and get into these
letters we have two letters one from
Lucas Taylor aka Donald of course it's
gonna be some shit about how I better
have shit up on time
and I'm a hoe cunt or something I need
to find my letter opener after I moved I
don't know what the fuck I did with it
hi Tara aka Nazi Queen you come with him
k read this on hashtag fm see how many
errors you can find he's like literally
purposefully like he puts first and then
crosses it off and puts fu rst I'm just
gonna ignore them because I know that
will trigger him the most first and
foremost your videos need to show more
titties and asses shots and J is doing a
piss-poor job in the dick slapping you
in the face and dominating you he needs
to show you who's boss it's really hard
to read this when there's that many
errors it's like beaches instead of
and slapping and sort of slapping
hilarious bitches like you need to be
treated like poop he crossed out shit
and put poop and to be dominated when
women like you talk it makes others want
to put a gag in your mouth and throw you
on the ground and a cock slap your face
and pound your mouth puss and ass women
are second-class citizens that should
obey and serve the man of the household
I love this women should plow and cook
whenever the man wants I like wasting
paper me thinks it's awesome wind trees
are cut down keep thinking like that and
you won't have any oxygen to breathe I
hope you like reading my letter me
worked very hard in not making any
grammar errors and I proofread it
multiple times so you would be happy see
you in about a week very sexually your
is I have to show you this one blood
very sexually your your res look at this
oh my god proof read it on a serious
note if you and Jay want to meet up when
I'm in town for a drink and some sex
after I'll be staying at the real
Caesar's Palace just shoot me a text act
and I'm not gonna give out his number
because I'm not that big of a dick yeah
but like okay so Lucas I've seen your
profile picture and you actually look
like you might be hot but that's
literally the only picture you have
anywhere so I have no idea if you're hot
or not hold on envelopes running away so
yeah if you're hot maybe alright we have
a letter from it looks like Brian I
can't read the handwriting I'm not
exactly sure what it says but I am
excited nevertheless oh my god we got
some Pokemon cards ratas ha
Pikachu drifloon lar Pope's I'm doing it
backwards lar Vesta Voltorb klefki
do you watch some of these I don't know
because they're not first or second
generation seal poliwag knitter an male
barbaracle onyx and ghastly this is cute
I'll add this to my collection I
actually have like a ton of fucking
pokemon cards and a lot of these I don't
have because they're not from the
generation when I played Pokemon thank
you let's read your letter now probably
should have done this first dear Tara I
think you're very pretty thanks for
reading my comment I would love to meet
you one day have an awesome day and I
think it's Bryan it's really hard to
read the hand
you guys can tell me if you think it's
Brian or not you think this Brian or
brown or red Brown our bra thank you so
much Brown a breath Brian I don't know I
really appreciate it thank you for
sending me stuff and thank you for the
written letter gotta love that I think
my favorite is probably I actually have
a lot of these but I think my favorite
is um let's go with poliwag I think I
have this poliwag this makes you want to
play magic hold on I think it's getting
darker so I'm gonna up the brightness a
little bit there we go okay this is from
something I don't know open says Oh Tara
Oh tea fort a single steeps
pre-portioned loose leaf teas this is
from my Englishman derpy let's see what
we've got we've got green mango peach
Earl Grey chamomile Citroen English
breakfast that's gonna be my favorite
cuz I get to taste a little bit of your
culture and we have ginger lemongrass I
don't know if I'm a fan of ginger we
shall see let me read the English
breakfast little paragraph here a robust
full-bodied cup with a concentrated
character of malt and deep undertones
that welcome a bit of milk and sugar
satisfying and delicious
this tea is a great breakfast cup that
can be enjoyed throughout the day Thank
You Durfee you're so fucking wonderful I
really appreciate it I can't wait to try
them oh you actually get to open this up
and see them that's pretty fucking cool
there they are
okay so this one comes from Clayton
online sales Inc which probably means
like absolutely nothing we have a mini
airplane passing so I apologize for the
sound it's a master infuser oh my god
dude hold on oh my god Derby Derby it's
a little sword oh my god we have to take
this out and look at it oh my god so
cute this is so cute I can put it on my
finger and finger myself this is really
cute this is the cutest infuser I have
ever seen in my entire life so you put
the tea in there and then you hook it on
the side of your cup like this oh my god
it's so cute I feel like I'm Minuten I
feel like a Tom berry with this like
I love it thank you so much dear beer
fucking bad-ass when you said these
we're gonna be personalized tea things I
had no idea they would be this amazing
thank you alright guys we've got two
more boxes left this one this is
actually what the Amazon Prime boxes
look like right now which is pretty cool
oh it's from uragan hey Tara the bad boy
that I am I have not sent you any small
presents lately your birthday is coming
up so here are some quote unquote
useful things keep up the great work you
were doing an amazing job greetings from
Austria you're again oh man okay so
we've got something squishy I don't know
what this is I'm just allowing
everything to fly everywhere by the way
probably not a good idea I thought it
wouldn't be windy in here okay so the
first thing we have is Ike oh I get so
cute I guess my favorite South Park
character by the way just so adorable
usually I don't love Canadians or Jews
but he's just the cutest fucking thing
oh my god this is like a bobble head -
hold on he's all bent forward he looks
retarded I'll probably have to like bend
to him the correct way but he's also
super tiny so cute thank you here again
and then there's this I don't know what
this is Ike State this is one out of six
little hangers there little wooden coat
hangers but I need to complete my closet
if you guys don't know I've been talking
about it for a while and posting on my
Instagram at Tara Babcock of course how
I need to finish my closet I haven't
finished renovating my closet yet and
I've been living here for like three
months now or something but this is a
little wooden block that goes into the
wall and it's like a I'll be using it as
a little hanger so it goes into the wall
like this and then you can hang your
coats and stuff on it so thank you again
now I actually need to try this out and
see if I want to buy five more of them
you're a badass thank you for thinking
of me on my birthday
Wow streetsweeper it's gonna come back
down because it just went down to the
dead end fuck it let's go for it
alright so this box is from Hot Topic
which means it's probably from rubber
tongue I forced rubber tongue to buy me
some Hot Topic stuff because I saw some
really cute shit let's open it up wait
the street sweeper oh we've got a TV
plus we've got a DD plush okay guys I
already have a GG plush but it's like a
smaller GG plush and this one is so soft
and cute
obviously GG is the black cat from
Kiki's Delivery Service and she reminds
me a lot of Eve so that's why I wanted
this to add to my collection behind my
stream the tail is so cute now it's like
Eve
alright guys let's take our thumbnail
alright I think that's sufficient sword
in my cleavage I like it thank you so
much Jurgen thank you derpy Thank You
Bryan or black Lau and yes even Thank
You Lucas Taylor for your error ridden
trigger inducing fucking letter and your
phone number which I should probably use
someone's phone and troll you with
alright guys thank you so much for
watching this week's Friday night mail
next week is gonna be episode 100 and
not only episode 100 but on the exact
date of my birthday November 10th so I
hope to see you guys there and with that
I want you guys to give me really juicy
really good questions not just like
average things that you might have
thought to ask me once but like really
good really intrusive really uh-oh
Gigi really juicy questions from myself
and Eve who can't be out here today
because she would run away from me thank
you so much for watching
yeah bye guys
