hey guys I have had a wonderful vacation
and I'm so glad to be back making
content I took like three two to three
days off and I did a video about it not
yesterday of the day before I actually
skipped making content yesterday I'm
trying a new angle with the camera I'm
not quite sure how much I like it I'm
gonna have to work things out but I
kinda want to get a poster over here for
this area and then cuz the area over
there is already pretty much worked out
it's really great and I want to get a
couple more nintendo plushies for it and
maybe a nintendo poster most of which is
on my wish list and i'll like slowly buy
it and you know slowly get a gift and
stuff like that but anyway i had a great
vacation i talked about it a little bit
in the last vlog that i just mentioned
and I'm using my lapel mic which is the
hugest fucking pain in the ass like I
can't move around when I'm like trying
to set up the camera which I have to do
every single day it's it's very hard to
do it's awful it's terrible but I'm just
glad to be back I want to get back into
my routine of working out making videos
streaming all of that stuff and I'm
really happy about it so yeah and I'm
glad to be back
posting you know model Mondays and early
access on my patreon page and just
playing video games that aren't a life
is strange I also played a little bit of
this really cool game that is free if
you have PlayStation Plus which I do so
that's cool I'll talk about a little bit
I actually have that one it's called
limbo is coming out as a losing my
virginity game on Thursday on my gaming
channels if you wanted to check that it
would be cool but anyway let's get into
the actual topic which is going to be on
bondage domination domination submission
being whether or not I'm a submissive or
a dominant so it's not going to be as
much bondage cuz I've already gone over
that but I feel like I have a better
grasp on how I feel about domination and
Submission I feel like a lot of people
have been asking me that lately so I
thought I would just go over it again
and I would um I have a little bit more
psychological insight onto that as well
into that as well because I know a lot
of people know that I have had in the
past I've had pay puppies I've also had
a submissives or whatever and it's
something that people will reach out to
me to do and I was kind of like oh I
don't really want to do that because I
feel like it would be a lot of extra
work and it would also be kind of weird
because I'm not a dominant at all and
that's kind of what I wanted to talk
about that the difference and separation
between my actual sex life and the
things that I do find attractive and
that I'm exploring right now and
I can explore it through a lot of my
fans or whatever who liked to be
submissives and a lot of people just
hate on that like a lot of people will
say oh you're just doing it for money
which you know half of them don't even
give me money it's more about like come
tributes and just basically doing
whatever I say which is usually
something humiliating and I've talked to
a lot of these guys out of character and
they're they're very normal people like
though I have one right now and he's
very normal like he's gone out of
character to talk about how much he
appreciates my open-mindedness and
helping him explore his certain sexual
desires and for me it's helped me be
develop more of a dominant personality
because in my own sexual experiences and
personal life I do prefer strongly to be
a submissive I'm not very dominant I
don't tell people what to do I'm not
very good at being the superior in male
and female relationship and treating
them as such and also once when I
respect someone which I respect all the
people I interact with as fans or as
submissives or whatever whichever it is
just like a viewer like if I'm talking
to a viewer and having a conversation
with a viewer because I feel like we're
like-minded and I can get some insights
into how other people live it's very
interesting to me and if I respect you I
want to be nice to you and I want to you
know default to things that you're
saying and like as a woman I like the
submissive stance the whole like
patriarchy stance that a feminist that's
what a feminist will call it basically
saying that oh you were just being
influenced by the patriarchy which is
like actually fucking stupid but we
won't get into that in this video
fuck feminists that's all I have to say
if something turns you on you should
fucking explore it and that's pretty
much what I'm I guess just kind of
helping people do with the whole
submissive domination thing and it's
also helping me hone my dominatrix
dominatrix like actions cuz I'm not
really good at that I first I was like
oh I'm being mean to this person oh my
god this is awful what if this person
you know actually does have
psychological issues and basically you
just have to talk to them like when you
go if you're a plastic surgeon and you
have a new patient you have to like talk
to them a little bit and get like a feel
for why they want to do something and
you know their psychological background
and how stable they are and it's very
obvious when you see someone who is just
like you know allowing you to ruin their
life and you take advantage of them like
those people I stay away from but if
it's like people who just want help
exploring their sexuality and would love
for me to be there they're dominant I
think that's that's pretty cool and it's
interesting and it's it's helped me
delve into a part of sexuality that I've
never involved in because as I said
before I'm very much a submissive I like
being you know choked I like rough sex I
like being you know dominated by men all
these things in an actual physical
sexual relationship is what I desire but
when it comes to just like flirting
around on the internet it's kind of fun
to be a dominant sometimes and be like
yeah I want to come tribute you have to
watch this whole stream or this whole
video and come to it you can't look at
anything else except for my Instagram
photos and I want to Instagram cum
tributes and like I want you to send me
a picture in women's underwear so I can
laugh at you and it like it's not it's
not actually how I feel about them
that's not actually me taking advantage
of them it's them being turned on and me
getting a little bit of a rise for mix
it's kind of fun and it's interesting
and it's seeing into another lifestyle
that I've never encountered before and
it's kind of sucks that a lot of people
on the internet a lot of people in
general or very close-minded about that
and they're like well you're either
taking advantage of psychologically you
know damaged people which is not the
case at all these people are fucking
lawyers these people are doctors these
people hold steady jobs that you know
they are successful they just like this
as a release and it's fun and I've
talked about it in a sex ed episode
about bondage and domination and stuff
like that and BDSM and all that but um
really it's it's just like a certain
sexual desire that they want to try to
see it fits them and if it doesn't fit
them like I've had a guy who would do
something like that and then he asked me
to be his dominant or his a queen or
whatever they usually call it and um it
would just be a series of conversations
back and forth like for me my boundaries
is I never allow anyone to have any of
my personal information like my
telephone number my address I don't do
anything sexual with them actually I
don't give them anything extra other
than my new guy who's into that I he got
me like this faux leather outfit and he
wants me to do he wants me to make him
pay for certain minutes of a video was
just like sexy dominatrix stuff and
there's no nudity or anything and I'm
like I'm not that open to that kind of
thing because I feel like it takes too
much time to make extra videos when I'm
already like being feeling overwhelmed
with videos and stuff but it's
interesting and I want to try actually
being a dominatrix and having a
dominatrix personality not through text
I want
try talk like that and be like that
because it's not something I've ever
experienced before so as much as this is
the video actually talking about whether
or not I'm dominant or submissive and
how I'm trying to fill the role of a
dominant when I feel so submissive in
real life and like the role reversal is
like sexy to me and I realize that it's
something that I actually am interested
in and it is hot and it is interesting
but at the same time not I don't feel
like I'm very good at it so I'm like
working on it and it's like I like
seeing the way other people live I like
seeing the things that turn other people
honor that interest other people and
don't necessarily you know involve me
and it's it's so sad that a lot of
people on the internet are just like oh
that doesn't turn me on so I'm gonna you
know degrade people who are into that or
wow I can't imagine with my upbringing
or my morals doing that so those people
must be completely fucked up and it's so
stupid because a lot of people are just
so not open-minded that they think that
the world revolves around them and
they're often like I was talking to
someone who is really into talking about
psychology like I am and so we've been
talking a lot lately because we've been
talking about theories about why people
are the way they are and specifically
haters they seem to be like narcissus
that think that the world revolves
around them the way that they grew up is
the correct way or anyone else having
success you know they want to bring them
down and they want to you know have
people on their level of misery and even
when someone is a bad person like even
the haters in my chat that tell me to
kill myself or something that I'm most
lot taking advantage of whatever like
those people are acting that way for a
reason and they're people as well and so
I understand where they're coming from
and a lot of them come from a very
insecure place or they were raised a
certain way where they weren't allowed
to explore things and so they are taught
the people who like let's say are
sexually open like I am are like bad
people but it's not their fault really
and I kind of understand where they're
coming from from a psychological
standpoint that's very interesting to me
to delve into that kind of thing so
that's what I wanted to talk about today
and I kind of wanted to share that with
you guys my thoughts on the kind of far
away like Queen and submissive
relationship I think is very interesting
the dynamic is very interesting and I'm
learning to be a better you know
dominatrix type person through having
internet relationships like where they
are submissive and I just tell them what
to do and they tell me like this is what
would turn me on the most
to do for you like out of character and
then I kind of like put myself in a
certain character and playing like sick
role playing basically role playing is
fun you know if you roleplay like a
stormtrooper and Princess Leia getting
it on you know it's like it that doesn't
mean that you are someone who would act
like a stormtrooper and that you are
someone who would be like Princess Leia
and that being like that is wrong or
correct it just means that you're having
fun with something and exploring
different avenues and being something
that you're not because you know that
kind of release is a turn-on and that's
one of the reasons why I love playing
video games too is because video gaming
allows you to like not so much tabletop
gaming that's why I say video gaming it
allows you to be in a different world
and be a different person and play the
role of someone else and especially all
these games that are really like that
are kind of like choice like a player
choice matters a lot I love playing
those games because it allows me to live
a different life than I have and just
kind of open my mind to different things
and if I'm having a stressful day I can
go to gaming and like allow myself to
release from that and just play a good
fucking game with a good story or like
beat people up in a game like hatred
where I'm just like going on a rampage
it doesn't mean that I'm going to go on
a rampage in real life or that I condone
that kind of behavior just means that
I'm interested in the fantasy aspect of
trying out different life styles and
playing different games and experiencing
different gameplay and letting off steam
and just there are so many reasons why
gaming is so amazing so I think that
pretty much covers it's been ten minutes
I should probably go I hope you guys
enjoy the mic yeah it's a it's much
better I'm assuming and I can have the
fan on which I need I've been trying to
make videos without the fan and it's
been like so fucking hot in here and I
know the fan makes noise on the camera
so I'm like trying this out now and
hopefully it sounds better I know it
will sound better but I need to find an
alternative that doesn't require me to
sit in one place and have like a stupid
fucking cord attached to me and then I
have to like the battery is one of those
little tiny silver batteries it's like
really small and I have to replace it
all the time and if I forget to turn off
the the mic it's like really awful it's
not it's just that's not my thing I'm
excited to get the car to a car I've I
can't forget what it's called I don't
know if it's condenser or cardioid I'm
not quite sure I don't know
much about the tech of recording
equipment but I'm learning learning
about cameras as well and oh my god
life is strange makes me want to be a
photographer so much and it's funny
because it falls at the same time as me
getting the new Canon camera so I want
to go around and take artistic photos
but for me it's like so pointless it's
like what am I going to do with those
photos later like nobody cares for me to
upload these photos and even if I do
when people are like oh that's a pretty
photo like what it just seems so silly
I'm not entertaining my demographic and
I'm not doing anything other than just
in that moment enjoying taking a picture
and it just feels like a waste of time
there are many things that would be fun
in the moment like spending money on
riding a ride at a fair but that's not
really something I feel like doing on a
daily basis because I feel like overall
it doesn't lead to any goals and so it's
kind of a waste of time and once again
me saying this doesn't mean that anyone
who does stuff like that anyone who has
a hobby in photography in doesn't really
do anything with it like doesn't make a
career out of it or doesn't post it
anywhere there that's great my dad does
that and it's fucking amazing
like the pictures he takes of like
wildlife and stuff I think it's cool but
for me to make something worth it
especially when I'm so busy lately it
just seems kind of silly to spend time
taking pictures maybe I will maybe I'll
just bring my camera around everywhere
and take the pictures and post it
somewhere like on patreon or something
where like my my long term of viewers
who actually want to see what I'm doing
day to day like can maybe see my
photography or something and I don't
know it's just it feels very personal
and therefore like what would I do with
it type of thing so yeah thanks for
watching today I will see you guys I'm
sorry about the banana thing I know a
lot of you guys were super salty because
you guys were thinking with your dicks
and you're like oh this has got to be
section she's gonna do throat of banana
oh maybe I'll look up the banana
challenge I don't even know what the
real banana challenge is and maybe I'll
actually do it for you guys as a as a
thank you for watching my other video
despite the fact that it wasn't very
sexy was actually kind of a gross banana
but yeah bye guys hey guys if you're
enjoying my free content you want to
keep my content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars in support of my youtube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me
Michael's leg is down in the description
thank you anything hopes
hey there vlog and fan service lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic blogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Terry's
comment and every other Wednesday is sex
settings here and every other Friday is
going to be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming youtube at youtube.com slash Tara
backup games and if you want to watch my
gameplay live don't forget to check out
tarababu TV or twitch.tv slash turnabout
down subscribe and don't forget to smile
bye guys
