hey guys it's been a while since I've
done a vlog on my phone and it's
probably not gonna happen again for a
very long time but this isn't really a
blog this is just me letting you guys
know that if you've watched today's vlog
on my gaming channel this is the exact
same video and I also kind of wanted to
cross-promote and let you guys know in
the vlog channel that I do do vlogs on
my gaming channel if I haven't talked a
lot about gaming on my vlog channel for
a while it's basically because I'm
putting all of the gaming blogs on the
gaming channel and kind of separating
that so if you want to throw a sub to
that channel as well you're you won't be
missing out on the content about how it
what I think about games what I'm doing
in my gaming life magic and all that
stuff so enjoy the video if you haven't
watched already on my gaming channel bye
guys hey guys welcome to another gaming
vlog I wanted to really really briefly
today hopefully I can make it really
brief talk about why I haven't been
streaming for the past couple days and
my vacation and what I like to do during
a vacation and some changes are going to
be happening happening on this channel I
have had a lot of caffeine I haven't had
anything to eat so it's kind of not been
stopped up by anything so I'm shaking
and I'm very hyper which should be good
for getting this done really quickly but
hopefully you guys especially guys whose
first language is not English can
understand what the fuck I'm sinks a lot
of people say oh my god she talks to a
fucking sess but um yeah alright so the
last couple days I haven't been
streaming because I've been having
technical difficulties with my isp
internet service access motherfucking
shit and basically I can't I don't want
to go too deeply into it because um it
does have to do with d das and I'm gonna
have it fixed by Monday but I want to
make sure that i'm not giving too many
details because the hate haters who are
d tossing me are the people who spend
way too much time watching my videos and
streams so yeah anyway um so I decided I
know my patreon patrons know a lot about
of what's been stressing me lately and
it's not really a big deal or anything
it's just uh I feel like I've been
having too much on my plate and they've
been suggesting that I take a little bit
of a vacation so I decided that the last
two maybe three days if I don't stream
tonight which i'm planning to so I'm
planning to stream retro night tonight
hopefully I can get this uploaded before
I have to leave but I am going to Magic
the Gathering Star City games IQ today
uh it's called an invitational qualifier
I don't need a qualification because I'm
already qualified because of the
regionals top eight but I can have two
qualifications that I'm also going
because Joanie Joe what the fuck we
Jay needs to be qualified that was not
Freudian either i don't even know anyone
named Joe and I'm not attracted to
anyone named Joe in fact when I think of
all the people named Joe I kind of don't
like them I don't think I've ever met
anyone right off the top of my head that
I like whose name is Joe I'm sure i have
a lot of viewers who are like-minded who
I would think are cool but um just you
know whatever anyway let's look at my
spending time talking about this I want
to get this done quickly so the render
happens fast hilarious not want to make
this fast is because uh it takes a while
to render and I have to leave within the
next 20 minutes so if the render happens
or the render happens to go on too long
then I won't be able to upload it before
I leave and that means that it won't be
uploaded until at least 5 p.m. tonight
so anyway um when I liked it I don't
like to take vacations where I travel I
think traveling is a huge hassle and
it's kind of like a waste of time I've
talked about this before on my vlog
channel but everything I have everything
that I want everything that I want to do
is here at home and that in pretty much
includes just gaming relaxing and
spending time interacting with my
viewers so when I take a vacation it's
not going out and doing anything it's
basically just taping my ass to the
couch ordering some pizza eating like a
fatass and just kind of binging on a
story driven game and that's what I'm
doing right now I'm playing life is
strange and i know i'm playing life is
strange on my youtube gaming channel
here but um I always like when I really
like a game I always like to play it a
second time through with Jay because I
like to see Jays reactions and spending
time with Jay and just going through a
game and experiencing it all with jay is
something that just makes my life
fucking amazing that's my absolute
favorite thing to do and I don't have
the time to do it lately because what I
like to do is just sit there for three
days straight playing a game from start
to finish and maybe like getting every
single trophy and becoming a trophy
whore I become a trophy or when I really
really like a game and life is strange
is one of those games so that's what I'm
doing right now and um days of doing
that I realized that like I'm feeling
unhealthy I'm feeling lethargic and and
weighed down and I want to get back to
my schedule and I start feeling guilty
that I haven't been streaming then I
miss league of legends and i miss
interacting with you guys and I miss
making videos and actually uploading
content because really that's what I
live for but when I get really stressed
out all I want to do basically is take
one of these mini vacations where I said
on the couch and play one or two games
from start to finish so that's what I'm
doing right now I should be back as I
said tonight but um yeah I also want to
let you guys know that I've been pulling
a lot of my more
regular viewers and they've been saying
that the gaming channel is not something
they want to watch as much because they
like to play games rather than watch
someone play them and I know a lot of
people who also play games like to watch
me play games because they like to see
my reactions and that's very funny it's
very interesting a lot of people might
not have time to play the games
themselves so they want to like just
watch me play it the quick version and
watch me um you know with the reactions
and that's more interesting but I know a
lot of people aren't like that so I want
to give some of the content I want to
give some content to you guys that the
gamers who don't like to watch other
people game can watch so a lot of more
opinion videos a lot more gaming vlogs a
lot more information on games i'm going
to start doing lists more frequently i
think either once a month or twice a
month I don't think I want to do it was
in frequently as once a month so maybe
either twice a month or every week i'm
not sure but the first one that's going
to come out is 20 games from my
childhood than I can do things like top
20 hottest two girls from gaming and I
mean in gaming like game characters
hottest male protagonists most
interesting glitches I know Assassin's
Creed will be in that for sure but I
just wanted to let you guys know that
there i'm going to try to make content
that's more centralized for every single
type of gamer so i can bring more people
into this channel because there's
nothing I love more than this fucking
channel it is my baby it is everything
that I've ever wanted to do I love
streaming but the youtube channel just
seems so much better like i can post
highlights and i also want to maybe post
the best parts of certain like let's
plays like for instance i can do like a
five-minute video of all of the
highlights from my outlast let's play or
my Super Mario others 3 let's play and
it'll be quicker and more succinct and
just more like you know lots of laughs
rather than actually playing through a
whole game because I feel like a lot of
people get sick of watching someone you
know do 20 minute videos or some people
don't have time to watch the 20 minute
videos so just watching the funniest
parts might be something that people
would be more interested in and please
let me know in the comments if there's
anything you disagree with you agree
with that you want to see more of
reasons why you don't get to watch this
channel as much I really want to help
this channel grow and right now it's
kind of stagnating it seems like every
time I introduce something new like I
introduced retro night in the retro
night let's plays I just get like 10k
video views for a while and then it kind
of tapers down and I feel like I need
something new and interesting all the
time to keep this channel fresh so
that's what I'm trying to do
so more lists like top 10 things or just
10 things in general i also want to do
highlight videos like i said and then
i'm gonna be doing highlight videos of
quit blache if you like whiplash is a
great game that you don't really need to
know how to play the game you don't
really need to play the game yourself to
just kind of think that it's hilarious
and all the highlights from my my gaming
channel have been pretty hilarious
involving quit blush that's going to be
cool I'm gonna continue the highlights
from my league of legends play because
people are slowly warming up to that I
feel like just because I don't have a
high e lo a lot of people don't watch it
very much i'm not really known for
league i'm more known for like all
around gaming like let's plays and stuff
like that on youtube so it's kind of
hard to get people who only watch
streams to come over and watch youtube
but um what else was I going to talk
about there's something else that I was
going to do I'm not quite sure um if you
want to follow me on patreon I would
very much appreciate that I post a lot
of early access to my videos and a lot
of info like I use it as a diary
sometime so that's really cool you guys
get to see a little bit more inside of
my life and you also that's where I take
a lot of the information and suggestions
like a lot of people were saying I don't
have time to watch you play a game or I
play the game myself so why would i
watch you play it whereas other people
like i love your reactions but you know
i'd rather have quicker videos like the
like i was saying like the top tens and
stuff like that so yeah thank you so
much for everything that you're doing
for me and watching the channel and just
supporting me and my gaming endeavors I
really appreciate that today ok so i
switched from mono red which float which
was what i was playing around the
regionals two artifacts and I did this
because hanger back Walker is so strong
and I have never beaten with mono red
artifact so that's why I switched to
that that's what i'll be playing today
and that's what I played friday night I
didn't really do very well but yeah you
guys should listen to time by Pink Floyd
it's one of my favorite songs from Pink
Floyd and it reminds me so much of life
is strange I'm on like a life is strange
Bend right now that's all I'm thinking
about so um you should listen to that as
well and wish me luck at today's IQ I
don't need it but hopefully Jay top
eights and wins so he can go to the
invitational instead of playing in the
open because every Invitational also has
an open but yeah I haven't been playing
modern very much lately and I've been
listening to you guys I know you guys
want a magic tutorial so if you want to
post in the comments I want to see that
more people want me to do it I know at
least like 10 people have been hounding
me to do it like oh my god I want to
learn how to
magicman it would be really cool learn
from you and I would love to make a
video on tips on how to get into the
actual tournament scene and to not be
afraid or to prepare for that and
competitive re on stuff like that I
could do magic videos I just feel like a
lot of people wouldn't be that
interested in it so if you're interested
in it it's definitely a beautiful
competitive scene you can anyone can get
into it's not like Starcraft or legal
legends where you have to actually
pretty much just become pro to compete
in actual tournaments it's not like that
at all of course the pros are the people
who are actually winning the tournaments
but you have a chance to be as good as a
pro and get up there so i hope everyone
does that and tries to do that because
it's a very fun game it's competitive
it's beautiful if you're not good at you
know you're if you don't have amazing
twitch fibres and you're not just good
at dealing and you're not a keyboard and
mouse person or you're not really good
with the xbox controller and you're not
good shooters you don't have to be fast
with your hands you don't have to be
mechanically apt in order to play magic
you just have to have a good sense of
you know logic and you know problem
solving and stuff like that so it's
really cool it's kind of isolating your
brain usage which is something that I
like a lot of about tabletop and card
games as opposed to video games that's
something that I've only been exploring
in the past like two years so it's cool
i will see you guys later thank you so
much for watching this and i think i'm
going to post this on my blog channel
too so if you've already seen it here
you don't have to watch my vlog channels
video for today I will see you guys
later thank you so much let me know if
you have any suggestions on how to make
this channel grow and I want to do
whatever you guys want to see so let me
know hi guys hey guys if you're doing my
free content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supported my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes hey guys I now have a
daily upload schedule for my gaming
channel mondays we have a little bit of
random content which means it could be
anything from a stream highlight ps4
strategy to let's say at gaming blog
Tara's list a why I love episode
Tuesdays we have an episode of let's
play with Tara from a recent game and
Wednesdays we have a retro let's play
episode Thursday's is losing my
opportunity day Friday's another let's
play with Tara and Saturdays another
retro let's play lootera and finally on
sundays we have another random gaming
content day and guys don't forget to
subscribe to this channel youtube.com
slash tara babcock games and my vlog
channel if you like gratuity
fanservice sec set fan mail unboxings or
philosophy and of course you can always
follow and subscribe to my twitch TV
channel which is twitch TV com / tara
babcock where you can watch all of the
behind the scenes of how we make my
youtube videos as well as me streaming
live content as always thanks for
watching bye guys
