hey guys I was something a little silly
today I don't really have a topic and my
camera's actually dying on how much time
because I have to go stream before Evan
M so uh I was at the grocery store with
Jay and I picked out six bananas and he
was like don't buy so many bananas and
I'm like what the fuck why it's gonna be
one of my like actual meals I'm gonna
have one every day and this is the
result of that it's not it's not very
good and since I don't like to waste
food and stuff I decided I'm going to
try to eat it here on camera for you
guys I try to make it like a kind of
famous banana so to speak um I don't
like how the outside got all dark and I
didn't put it in the fridge you hope you
put these in the fridge the outside gets
really dark so this is not going to be a
sexy video it's going to be me trying to
eat this banana and know nicely enough
it doesn't have any bruises on it but it
is very like weak well it is all right
I'm sure that bad I'm going to prove
they're wrong my finishing is banana and
not letting you go to waste
out let's almost finish it so go mmm
well I like half of it okay so um I
realized
hold on I realize what was making the
noise of what sounded like people
breathing into the mic and it's because
I have the fan on and it's really hot in
here otherwise like it's not even hot
today it's like less than 70 and I'm
like already overheating it's like what
the fuck is going on up so I really know
how I'm going to deal with that I just
really need to do a new mic I need to
focus on that and at least for now I
need to get batteries for my lapel mic
and a little mic is something you stick
right here it's kind of annoying that
that exists because I would want to like
move around and I want to like be able
to do stuff and not have a stupid thing
on my shirts which is annoying and if I
don't wear the proper kind of shirt it
doesn't um have really a place to go so
I really like that but I won't I want to
figure out a good
solution and I have I have a like now
patreon goal so if I get to a certain
point I'll buy the 300 ollar Mike that
another girl told me was really good by
I feel that this banana but it's like I
don't really like super super squishy
bananas I'm gonna try bite again mmm
it's still bad at least it's kind of a
famous banana so I don't feel bad
anymore um this might be like a really
really short vlog because um of how dead
my camera is and if it just cuts off in
the middle I'm sorry I've been making
quality content only with actual topics
and stuff and you know doing a lot of
editing so I thought I would do just
like a chill update vlog where I do
something silly I don't know what I'll
call it like banana challenge not sexy
parenthesis I don't know shit but I'm
already sweating like it's ridiculous
how hot it is in front of like soft
boxes and other lighting even though
it's like not actually I feel like the
trying to move around and try to talk
and trying to focus on things makes me
overheat I don't know I don't usually
overheat on stream um except the room in
there when I'm streaming is actually 20
degrees hotter than anywhere else
because the fans and stuff really push
out the heat from my computer my
computer really generates a lot of heat
um
and the summer was like 90 degrees my
computer heats up to like like each CPU
core is like 19 you something at on
occasion and I can like really tax my
CPU so I have like a huge heatsink on my
computer but I wanted to let you guys
know on my blog channel that I'm gonna
have a lot of better and more improving
and more like centralized content for my
gaming channels so if you guys want to
go subscribe to my gaming channel at
youtube.com slash to hear about cut
games
it's so funny that this channel is like
so popular the other one it occasionally
gets more popular than this one but
never really has the amount of like
crazy views this one gets and I baby
it's basically because you know I'm full
screen or whatever so I want to do more
of full screen gaming talks and it's
also because like this channel has a lot
of shorter videos I know I usually
like ten minute bugs but um it does have
the like six minute videos as a four
minute videos it has Friday night male
sex ed and all those things that are
much shorter so I'm going to try to do a
shorter lists like a top ten sexy female
you know game characters and stuff like
that just like a bunch of lists because
um even though I like playing games what
I like talking about them are like
playing games more than I like cause
playing it um I can actually enjoy the
aspect of playing games I do want to
have some content for people who are on
the go and who don't like watching other
people play video games they would
rather watch people talk about them I
know a lot of them more popular channels
they don't just do Let's Plays but I am
gonna incorporate two let's play so if
you're not interested in I keep a strip
you might be interested in life is
strange which is the other game I'm
going to be playing right now and they
have the retro night so it's going to be
a lot of different content for whatever
kind of game or whatever kind of YouTube
watcher you are which is kind of cool
and hopefully that will make things
better because I know you guys like
watching the full screen I know you guys
like watching my um or listening to my
opinions and stuff this is just so awful
I got like halfway down it's not even
like halfway I don't know I it's like
it's so mushy like Oh uh-huh
mmm so I just wanted to babble a little
bit I don't really have a topic um
things have been going really fucking
well in my life though I'm like really
happy um
despite being super busy and kind of
spread thin I want to make sure that I'm
not um promising anything that I can't
actually follow through with so I've
been making sure that I don't overwork
myself and I'm just like adding more and
more making my content um more
streamlined and now I'm getting used to
this new schedule where I'm actually
like uploading things on certain days
and I once I get used to that I'll add a
little bit more or add a little bit more
quality and I just want to make sure
that I'm giving you guys what you want
and what you're interested in and things
that I don't feel like are selling out
things that I actually enjoy as well so
it's kind of like a mutual thing where I
enjoy making the content you enjoy
watching it and the channel can just
grow and become more prosperous and more
quality driven I really love creating
content especially content relating
games and I realize that I do like
making the fullscreen gaming talks type
stuff when I do like the game release
news which I do once a month and I also
do the why I love which I don't know if
I'm going to continue that series I'm
maybe going to replace it with the lists
because I know people just like
listening to lists and then they'll have
their own opinions and they can like be
like oh I don't think he should be
number one or I don't think she should
be number one or you know that game
wasn't as bloody as this game you guys
can give me um suggestions and I really
like having that viewer interaction but
I just fucking love the Let's Plays like
oh my god the donkey kong Let's Plays
a-j are so funny and um so I'm never
going to cut those out I'm definitely
gonna have a channel that is more
gameplay driven rather than just game
talk driven because I like playing games
I like talking about games too but you
know playing games is where my heart
rests and I love making like really
interesting highlights like I might
start actually highlighting things from
the Let's Plays like the past Let's
Plays like you know top 10 funniest
moments I probably name it top 10
funniest moments it'll just be like a
montage with funniest moments from my
Super Mario Brothers 3 let's play I can
do funny moments from like all of the
retro games and just like skip around
it'll be really quick so if you have
only 5 minutes to watch and you can't
watch the 20 minute episodes or like the
whole list but you can watch the
highlights and stuff and ever if you
guys ever have any suggestions please
post them that the reason like I've
asked around and I've asked my patreon
patrons and a lot of you guys were
saying that well I don't have time to
watch a 20 minute gameplay video or oh
I'd rather play the game then watch it
and I've already played it so it's kind
of boring to watch but for me the
commentary and the personality and the
you know the way you play it and the
choices that you make like I like
playing the the telltale games or the
episode of games like life is strange
my life is strange I keep thinking um I
have you guys ever watched the movie
life is beautiful I keep mixing it up
with that which is really funny but um
that's a really fucking sad movie if you
guys haven't seen it you should
definitely see it but I should probably
go because it's going to cut me off soon
so yeah thanks for watching if you have
any suggestions as I've said before let
me know and um I I think I J was always
saying that the Telcel games are word
so then the square-enix of life is
strange game in terms of graphics and I
think I agree I really like squaring it
as a fuckin amazing company they make
amazing stuff but I just I can't get
over wolf among us fucking amazing
inside oh no I'm a little bit on the
fence at that one anyway
I'm gonna make a gaming blog too that
actually highlights all of the changes
and I hope you guys are excited for
fanservice Friday and Terry's comments
week I'll see you guys soon
sorry about the kind of pointless blog
famous banana Thank You banana for
giving me sustenance hey guys if you're
doing my free content you want to keep
my content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars and supported my youtube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you
anything hopes heythere's vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic blogs except
Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday is sex 7 care
and every other Friday is going to be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara bat top games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out carob a TV or
twitch.tv slash turnabout gun subscribe
and don't forget to smile bye guys
