hey guys welcome to new episode of
Friday night man I'm really excited
about this one because we have a lot of
boxes and also because I'm getting some
cool stuff from a couple sponsors that
I'm gonna promote and I'm gonna show off
their stuff to you on here too so it's
gonna be really cool action-packed
Friday night mail and really excited
about it let's get to it because I don't
know how much arrived on my SD card to
be honest I also think I'm gonna start
filming all of my videos that are for
the vlog channel over here and then all
of my videos that are for the gaming
channel over there where all of the
games and memorabilia is so this is my
Nintendo area for the vlog Channel and
then over there it's my games and
memorabilia area all the collectors
edition stuff and things
alright let's go first thing we have is
this and I think it comes with other
things about quite sure but we're gonna
open it and see what's what's another
one why do I get another one of these
this has got to be a mistake right well
I guess you can never have too many
bikinis I feel like someone just wanted
me to put it on for this show as well
it's not gonna work this time and it's
far too hot to be changing alright next
we have this which is totally totally
gonna be a costume because I can feel
the little thing inside of it as well oh
shit this is the costume that someone
got for me and I'm gonna make him
special of videos with this so I'm not
gonna put it on here because one it is
way too hot for faux leather and two
it's for his eyes only thank you so much
rubber time you are awesome alright we
have this bag which I think it's a fuck
ton of clothes for my next fanservice
parade I'm gonna open it and see okay so
there's this company that's like trying
to direct or something they wanted to
send me a bunch of really cheap dresses
to try on for a fanservice Friday and I
can like put all their links down in the
description and stuff and then give them
a little cross promotion and I get a
fuck ton of dresses and stuff
sexy dresses too let's see what we've
got sexy dress number one and you're
gonna have to wait your your love with
this next fanservice Friday but you're
gonna have to wait actually see if any
of the stuff on my body because I am
going to tease you and make you wait
it's gonna be wonderful
like there's sexy club dresses galore in
this thing you're gonna fucking love it
it's gonna be amazing and I think this
one is like a schoolgirl
type asian schoolgirl think this is
gonna be fun two more dresses I know
what are these dresses like this thing
that's like completely cut out so you
can like see my boobs my stomach and
it's like it's really hot you'll have to
see oh my god it's good all right next
to me I have a random Amazon box let's
see what the fuck is going on in there
you don't really say like a carrier
leave if no response like I should edit
it to say like carrier stay for the rest
of your life until the responses that
would be pre it's an yes it says with
love to goddess sweetest kitty oh so
adorable oh yeah this is okay so oh this
is really cool because it's actually a
thing that it goes on your camera you
know I think the camera strap so you
don't drop the camera when you take
pictures but when you put it on it looks
like a scarf while you're wearing it and
holding up your camera and it's really
fucking cute thank you so much sweetest
kitty I'm so glad that you bought this
for me it's fucking awesome and it's
pink - you know how much I love pink
these are like the lure they're like so
soft a little bit next we have another
Amazon Prime box and this time it's very
light I'm interested to see me
put so many in Tendo stuffed animals on
my wish listen I also put some pasties
so if you guys want to get me some piss
did you know they're pretty creep and I
can use them for fanservice Freddie Oh
super bug Martha that's so cute
giant microbes it's mersa multiple
resistant streptococcus auguries
Staphylococcus aureus Staphylococcus
aureus
they got nailed at that time yeah it's a
very common bacteria often found growing
the harmful say on the skin originally
responsive to penicillin strange soon
emerged that were resistant to the
antibiotics bullshit the best way to
prevent getting fucked by him is proper
hygiene but it's so cute don't you just
want to kind of have it he's adorable
look at him faith in one good love they
were really making me want diseases
these days with these cute eyes things
oh my god next we have this riches it
feels like it's gonna be like some kind
of book or something it's pretty heavy
too so I think there's like a pulley oh
no your gift oh my god so much your
manga so I can't play H I fucking don't
own any a paperback manga this is so
fucking amazing oh my god that nothing
but a men's shirt look really left an
impression on me and you can see like
her for like vagina is very camel toe
it's the tomb I am so fucking excited
about this but there's more The Little
Book of big penis oh my god it's a bunch
of dudes with big penises okay so I'm
gonna I'm gonna cover and show you this
black suit it has a very long long and
yes I need to cover like most of this
page oh my god this is the sickest shit
ever
there's more food Wars so fucking
awesome
they're like fighting about food and
then they're also like looking oh my god
this is sexy do you see this Japanese
school girls fighting about food and
getting naked and little cherubs are
like pulling off her clothes this is oh
my god this is amazing
and there's one more prison school
number one look at her in the back she's
so hot with the book on the outskirts of
Tokyo sans Haji meets a private academy
an all-girls boarding school for elite
young women if root you know this is
gonna be erotic thrilled by this
discovery these young men's adolescent
hearts leap with joy at the thought of
being surrounded by all those girls oh
my god thank you so much I mean you're
you're like the best ever
thank you I cannot I can't say thank you
enough to all of you but what the fuck
you know exactly what to fucking get me
as a gift like seriously
alright this is the next package oh it's
another gift from Mark Huber hey Tara be
very careful mounting these things with
a ball you need to use a stud finder to
locate the planks and screw them there
bring them into the drive hole will
cause the guitars to come crashing down
alright I think I know what these are oh
my god
I put these on my wish list recently and
they're like a really cool guitar grant
type thing that holds your guitar to the
wall and this is what it looks like
it's a fucking hand it's really cool and
it matches the decor of my house because
my house is ready black so oh my god so
goddamn good and it's got like a little
rubber part here so you're not going to
screw up your guitars I got one for my
guitar and one for jazz guitar so super
excited thank you so much mark or the
fucking best alright now this box is
from controller chaos which is a
controlling for me and a controller for
you guys which I'm going to be giving
away soon so stay tuned wow they really
packaged the shit tight my dad it's
extreme controllers for extreme gamers
look at this fucking casing it's so
awesome
a green one too so it's two controllers
I'm just gonna show you one because
they're exactly the same thing but these
are really cool custom cases from
controller chaos and Donna it's the
chair that have cook xbox controller I'm
gonna use these for all of my Let's
Plays and on the back it's got my name I
love custom controllers so fucking good
zat and this one is from controller
chaos as I said before a little bit of
problem for them but I'm also going to
do with their very own video and I'm
gonna be giving away one of these
because I have two so stay tuned for
that if you're interested in getting
your very own pair of AB controller and
last not least one eighty two this
quickly because I'm running out of space
I have this big-ass box oh it's like Oh
beat up and shit and he's sitting on his
fucking throne thing that is made out of
a skull he's got like the colosseum
parts that are all drenched in blood
this is fucking amazing oh my god mark
just thank you to whoever got me this
goose is so fucking sick oh my god it's
one of those for the 20th anniversary
thing I need to erect like a Shao Kahn
only shelf where I just have a Shao Kahn
his Colosseum his fucking chair
everything and like I want like two
fighters in the front where you can be
like he was sucked in and like all the
little shao kahn's inside that would be
so amazing this is like perfect thank
you so much oh my god alright guys
that's it for this week's Friday night
mail if you want to send me something
remember my address is down is
description you can also find my address
on my Amazon wish list if you want to do
that and remember
anything vague it can be like a letter
or something cute something poor q
something that just says that you
appreciate what I'm doing and you know
you want to get a shout out here on my
show she cuz they're so fucking amazing
I can't even say it enough like this is
fucking perfect the mom gets fucking
perfect the book of big penises like
what the hell like it doesn't get any
better than you guys you guys are so
fucking perfect thank you so much I will
see you guys in two weeks yeah you guys
made me wanna be like for those girls
thank you so much seriously the best
viewers best fans anyone ever asked for
I just I can't even thank you so much
alright guys hey guys if you're joins my
free content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supported my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes
heythere's vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is gonna be normal update and topic
blogs except Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Terry's comment and
every other Wednesday is sex 7 care and
every other Friday is gonna be Friday
night mail or fanservice Fridays and
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara bat club game and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out tarababu TV or
twitch.tv block care about that
subscribe and don't forget to smile
bye guys
