hey guys it is hotter than making fox in
spandex again which is awful in this
water is like spraying all over me and I
just got a tan which kind of sucks
anyway today we're going to talk about
what I'm we there we go today I'm going
to talk about the concerts that I've
been to in my life because um that was
the suggested topic a while back and I
was like why not do it and it's going to
be kind of a quicker vlog because I need
the rest of the room on the SD card to
record the fan service fan mail not
fanservice fan mail Friday fan Friday
night mail that's what I'm fucking
talking about dude I'm all over the
place it's like 90 20 degrees again and
I just got a tan which means that I'm
overheating even more than I should be
and I just got my hair done and
everything so whatever we're going to
talk about this ok so one of the first
concert I was ever at was a disturbed
concert I got to go backstage and made
the band stuff because I was friends
with this girl when I was younger whose
dad was in like a band and she opened
for a bunch of people so um that band
was called a cremation and I got to let
go to their like they had like this
really cool warehouse that was like kind
of sound proof and they would like
practice and they were like a death
metal band and stuffing it was really
cool um the next thing I went to I think
it would was a while and then I just
went to summer jam when I was 18 and I
went to summer jam like summer name is
not the kind of thing that I would
usually go to it's a fork you 93 which
is a the popular like rap and hip-hop
and pop a thing and um and went there
because I was when you first start out
as a model you work with a lot of radio
stations or you go to like hot import
nights global import car show and I did
all that stuff so that was kind of like
a thing that you get hired to do when
you're first starting out and um I was
doing this thing called miss summer jam
where I was competing to win a thousand
dollars and then I'm do like pageants
and stuff for a summer jam but I ended
up coming in second unfortunately to
some chick who didn't deserve it but it
was like politics anyway I'm I went to
that I didn't watch anything I remember
everyone was
really freaked out because I got to meet
little Wayne and there was someone I was
a baby bash or someone that people met
but I didn't care to meet them so I
don't really do it i know i took a
picture with baby bash and the rest of
the models i don't like have that
picture anymore so yeah and then after
that i went to you I've seen Slipknot
live twice and I've seen Mastodon live
once i think i went to something called
pain in the grass which is like a
seattle thing at the amphitheater and i
went to another thing i forget what it
was called they summer know that i don't
remember the names of the festivals but
uh i remember i was there to see
Slipknot twice and once it months um
someone got sick or someone got hurt or
something so we had to come back later
and we ended up having to come back when
it was like raining and awful and it
just wasn't like the best and we only
got a slip knot instead of the rest of
the bands I saw dragonforce I only like
one driving for song and I remember um
the I was sitting I would have liked it
under boob shirt on when I was like
sitting in the stands and one of the
managers for driving force came and
invited me backstage and I was like fuck
if it was slipped out i would say yes
but i said no because you know i'm not a
dragon force groupie the only person i
like a dragon forces the the long haired
asian guy I think he's one of the guitar
players a river but he's pretty cool
everyone else just seems bluff when I
was modeling I was in salt lake city
with a photographer whose best friend
who's also a model and she is dating a
guy in rev theory which is not a very
big band but um rev theory was opening
for hinder and I got to meet the guys
from hinder and I remember um one of the
guys I think it was the drummer I was
like flirting with the front man I
couldn't stand watching the show because
the whole time like he was he'd seemed
like such a conceited dick and I like
couldn't even stand it and hinders the
band did the the pretty good cover of
lips lips of an angel listening to this
song and hinder is in the band like I
like some of their songs by hitters in
the bands that I'm actually like pee go
see live I'm more of like the the
Slipknot masted
on 53 death punch was also opening no
they were like out in the festival area
for us open on them so I watched that a
little bit but then I'm asked Thomas on
at the same time someone over there and
I watched mass on said um later on I
went to Atlanta for Prague power which
was really cool I am I wasn't really
into prom or power rock at first but
then I like really fell in love with it
I got to meet a bunch of like German
bands and I saw epic alive I saw dream
theater oh I saw Opeth at Disneyland
which is really cool in Florida so I've
been all over the world for modeling a
lot of it was stopping off to see bands
and stuff but the ones that I saw here
was like a you know the Slipknot and
stuff like that a slipknot tours I'm
trying to remember it's a pain in the
grass in there was something else that I
saw but I don't remember and it was
really cool because around that time I
was also still working for cube so
anyone who would like cross over and
listen to that kind of music was like oh
it's terribad cognos Cooley I just take
pictures of people and that was fun I
really like concerts but they're really
tiring and I feel like live music just
doesn't compare to studio music a lot of
the times but then that you have those
bands that are just absolutely immensely
amazing live that you like really
wouldn't pass up an opportunity to see
live I would love to see pink floyd live
unfortunately i've never gotten to and
especially not in their prime because
i'm far too young Rammstein came here
and I didn't get to see them live which
was really sad because it was like their
last world tour some shit I don't know
if if till lindemann is actually still
touring because I know he has a bunch of
different like things going on but I
know that they were saying that it was
going to be their last world tours of
shit or last toured America I don't know
but it would be really sad if I didn't
get to see them ever so I'm hoping that
they continue on but anyway um I think
going to festivals is not for everyone
because a lot of people don't like um
the immense amount of crowds and the
people on the loudness and I know a lot
of people who like put in earplugs I
can't stand that no way I want to
fucking here at that loud you know and
it's kind of sucks for the bands that
don't like have as goo
of a live performance as I do sue your
recording and that's why I feel like I
wouldn't be into going to concerts if I
was in two different kinds of music I
wasn't into metal if I was more into the
like whole rap R&B auto-tune like pop
type stuff I feel like it wouldn't be as
good life but I here Katy Perry like
I've watched the Katy Perry documentary
and I've seen the sheet that like throws
amazing shows and I like Katy Perry's a
person I think she's very pretty so um
it would be interesting to go to a show
like that oh yeah one of my for actual
first content know it was my second
concert because the disturbed one was
first but my second concert I went to
Good Charlotte with my best friend
Ashley because she was fucking in love
with benji and joel i think is his name
and she like fucking loved that kind of
music so we went and we were like first
and first row like and we're doing a lot
of jumping it was really tiring is down
a jotunn of the key arena and that was
pretty cool um but yeah I wouldn't say
that it's my favorite thing to do
there's just a lot of a good underground
music I went to I forget what it's
called it's like hell something um no el
corazon downtown Seattle like that is
one of the places we're all like really
good bands go there to play also but
it's really like an underground like
shifty bar type area and I've been there
once and i watched it or remember what
it was like for Halloween or something
and I was underage I remember but I got
in anyway because i was with people who
like I was like doing the model thing or
something I don't remember and I was
allowed to be in as long as I got the
right wrist band and wasn't served
drinks or whatever that was often a
problem when I was like I was a younger
model sauce always the one that had a
lot of issues before I was 21 going
places where there was alcohol being
served and stuff but anyway um yeah
that's pretty much my list of festivals
and rock concerts and rap concerts and
consoles in general that I've been to
you actually let me know down in the
comments what your favorite concert was
what your worst concert was who you
think is the best to see live and who's
the worst to see live and if you've seen
any my wishlist favorites like rammstein
or pink
or if you enjoyed Slipknot as much as I
did live and macedon really good band
live as well fuck in the amphitheater
the white refrain theatre an Auburn er
robertas has like the worst like Sam
setups those like there were often a lot
of technical difficulties and it felt
like I was watching like a magic stream
like a wizard's held magic shoe if you
know anything about that they have like
the worst production quality and there's
a lot of Starcraft tournament settles
have terrible production quality it's
kind of like that it was like oh this
isn't working let's stop and try to fix
it it was pretty awful the way out tell
me about your experiences hey guys hey
guys bear Joyce my free content you want
to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and supported my
youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
hopes hey there vlog and fanservice
lovers I just wanted to let you guys
know that I now have a serious upload
schedule every day is going to be normal
update and topic blogs except wednesdays
are going to be interchangeably Tara
Reid's comments and sex head with Tara
so that means every other Wednesday is
Terry's comments and every other
Wednesday is sex 7 care and every other
Friday is going to be friday night mail
or fanservice fridays and don't forget
to subscribe to this channel as well as
my gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash
terribad top games and if you want to
watch my game play live don't forget to
check out care about TV or twitch TV /
care about gun subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
