hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
with Tara this week we're going to be
covering sex and porn addiction sure we
might not feel like we enjoy sex and
porn enough to be addicted to it or you
might joke about it but the reality is
there are many people in the world
actually suffering from an addiction to
porn or sex it's kind of difficult to
tell whether or not you're just enjoying
sex thoroughly or whether or not you've
crossed over to an actual addiction here
are a few signs you can look out for not
being able to focus on anything other
than sex and porn so much so that you
don't follow through on schoolwork or
other responsibilities spending so much
time on porter sex you adopt antisocial
behavior needing to escalate your sexual
activities in the intensity or weirdness
factor or to increase the craziness of
your porn constantly always looking for
something kinkier or more violent if
regular sex or form just can't get you
off anymore or if you put all aspects of
your life below sex and you're still
searching for sex even if it's unsafe
sex and finally doing things to watch
porn or have sex that are outside your
normal moral compass you know things
that look heard other people or damage
your health there are many other extreme
and possible side effects to being
addicted to sex or porn but let's take a
look at why this addiction happens often
a sex of corn addiction can be a result
of depression or you're exposed to sex
at a very young age and never really had
a parental figure to kind of help you
process some people become addicted
simply due to an addictive personality
or chemical imbalance in the brain
sometimes it just fills the void of
loneliness in a person's life a lot of
things are subjective and sometimes it's
hard to tell us actually wrong versus
something that society
just tells you is wrong for instance
some people are trying to tell you that
looking at porn or having casual sex at
all is completely wrong but that's just
their personal preference their personal
moral compass talking if it works for
you and it makes you happy you should go
for it the ignorant people the world
will always find something wrong with
whatever it is you're doing and it's
another fucking business but if you're
hurting others living in an unsafe
situation you're unhappy with your life
or you don't feel like you have control
over what you do that is a problem and
simply you should just seek help already
that's it for this week's exit don't
forget to like the video subscribe and
let me know which topic you want me to
tackle on next times episode oh and keep
fucking in moderation hey guys if you're
enjoying my free content you want to
keep my content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars in support of my youtube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals link is down in the
description thank you anything hopes
hey there vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday is sex 7 care and every other
Friday is gonna be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming youtube and youtube.com slash
Tara backup games and if you want to
watch my gameplay live don't forget to
check out Tara Babcock TV or twitch TV
slash care about gun subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
