hey guys what's up my battery is charged
my SD card is completely empty and I
don't think we're gonna have a problem
is because I just took a bunch of
caffeine and that's why I have this
water here I should probably drink a
little bit more today the topic is
riches and bitches oh yeah and before I
get into this of course I wanna have a
precursor here talking about how bitches
is something that I used colloquially
for saying women else to say chicks I
saved that bitch stuff like that it just
non-drug Torian anyway wars are just
fucking words I hate having to like PC
politically correct myself often it's
just something that doesn't make any
sense to me like I feel like we should
be um as open and as verbal about
whatever we want as we possibly desire
to be and that it shouldn't really
matter because everyone can understand
context and isn't easily offended and
understands that you know another
person's opinion is you know shouldn't
affect you really and that there are
context issues they have to take like
obviously if I am like that fucking
bitch I'm angry and I'm like you know
trying to hurt someone but if I'm just
like oh that one bitch right she's like
an embeddable band what is her name like
that type of thing it's obvious that I'm
not trying to be you know chauvinistic
were a girl so I'm a female so I you
know I kind of want the you know female
gender to do well right I mean I think
anyone who is a female is going to be a
little bit of a quote-unquote feminist
so I moccasin are trying to hurt to the
other females in the world by using that
word so let's move on um I watched
another karl Pilkington video yesterday
it was one of the episodes from the
moaning of life i think is what it's
called and it's one of his newer things
from 2013 or whatever and he was what
was it that he was oh yeah he was a
learning vocation so he was wondering
how people come to decide which vocation
they want to go for and how much money
you need to survive in how to live in
the lap of luxury if you have like a
surplus of money and it struck me that
like what
said about the watches okay so he was he
was a he had some chick come in and try
to sell him like a hundred and
seventy-five thousand pound watches over
175,000 dollar let's just say even
though it would be more like 190
thousand dollars because you know the
exchange rate but anyway and I totally
agreed on his opinion like often a lot
of the things that he oversimplifies
because you know he's supposed to act
like an idiot or river but it's like so
obvious to me that these watches just
look like a hundred dollar watches why
the fuck are they being sold for a
hundred and ninety thousand dollars and
it hit me that like okay so everything
from here on out is going to be my own
opinion in my own my own kind of
perception and I could be totally wrong
it's just something I like to have
hypothesize a lot about why people are
the way that they are it's I'm something
that's very important in psychology and
something that I like to like learn from
like I get my perception of why people
are the way they are and then other
possible reasons why people are the way
they are and then I talk to others about
it and I like to get others ideas and
that's great this is a great Avenue for
that because the internet the internet
will have comments on it it'll be
fucking wonderful and you guys are
amazing and intelligent and lovely
viewers so you guys will be able to help
me out in deciding why things are the
way they are so if you've ever watched
an episode of MTV Cribs or anyone who's
in the limelight and gets their like
their house show who is really rich it
seems like everyone kind of has the same
things they have like a really
extravagantly nice house it's too big
for them to care take care of so they
have a maid or something and then they
have like a lot of cars a lot of like
product type clothes where like the
clothes are really expensive I don't
know the words cuz I don't give a shit
about that stuff oh and it seems like
they'll have the same shit and what is
common is that people have a bunch of
people in their house like at all times
and it seems like a lot of people are
just buying these things because they're
trying to show off to others or trying
to make friends through an avenue that
is kind of disingenuous because these
people aren't really actually going to
be a friends where were those people
before we were rich right where are they
going to be after you you know hit rock
bottom if that's the case if something
happens to your fortune like they're
pretty much Fairweather friends and you
see on in the episode with karl
Pilkington about vocation there was this
guy in whatever country and he
was rich for whatever reason and he had
like a bunch of girls around his pool
and a bunch of friends in his house and
it was like it seemed like it wasn't
really necessary for him to have that
like if I was rich like I'm gonna tell
you at the end of this video or later in
the video about what exactly I would do
if I had all the money in the world but
it wouldn't be anything like you see on
TV and I feel like maybe there's some
kind of correlation between the people
that get on TV and the people who are
rich like obviously they're not going to
show with someone on MTV Cribs who has a
really boring house or doesn't have a
lot of stuff going on it doesn't have
the standard things I feel like maybe
that's what the viewers want to see they
want to see all of the high-end things
but why is it that people who come from
nothing and then become rich end up
wanting the exact same things that are
just as good basically as the things
that are worth a lot less like it makes
no sense to me why someone 190 thousand
dollar watch when you can have a hundred
dollar watch and then spend a lot more
on something you're actually passionate
about so it's very weird to me that they
seem to like all the same things like
nice watches nice shoes nice clothes
nice cars nice houses it's all the same
stuff like why don't they do anything
that adds personality with their money
why don't they like give back a little
bit more on average why do they always
have to have an immense amount of people
in their house it seems like they're
kind of just insecure about things and
they're showing off for other people
rather than actually doing what they
want if that makes any sense and then um
I want to go into a little bit like okay
so people the girls that sit around a
rappers pool right people would call
them whores or something right or
they're just in it for the money but the
men are inviting them there because you
know they want sex they want
companionship they want you know to look
cooler to their friends like it's a
mutual relationship women want to live
in the lap of luxury and they get it by
either be friending or hanging out of
the guy's house or having sex with a guy
who you know wants the companionship in
the sex it's like a a mutual thing and
they are there knowing what they're
getting into it's not like one is
forcing the other and you know one is
you know taking advantage of the other
like a lot of people would see the
rapper and be like oh he's such a
misogynist and then they would look at
the girl and be like oh she's such a
whore it they're getting what they want
in a certain way why does everyone have
to judge other people just because you
wouldn't do it or just because you're
not interested in it which is kind of
funny because a lot of people are
hypocrites and they would definitely
have hot girls where their pool that
they don't really care about if they
became rich but they like to judge other
people because they want to see flaws in
other people or because they don't have
the same morals and to me that's just
kind of stupid like the girl is getting
what she wants whatever it is and the
guy is getting what he wants whatever it
is and it's not hurting anyone else so
people shouldn't judge that so much and
I see a lot of people like hating on
women in the sex industry or women who
you know date older men because they
want their money or whatever this just
the thing that like men want this woman
want this they're getting what they want
and it's not really hurting anyone and
like it doesn't mean that that girl is
only interested in money and has no
their substance and now she's a whore
and she's like the worst part of society
she could be really interested in other
things or maybe she's like has this
amazingly beautiful voice and really
wants to start a career so she's hanging
out with these people and doing whatever
it takes to make her dreams come true
like you don't know everyone's personal
circumstance so that's another thing I
wanted to just go over really quickly
but I don't want to make this video too
long so let's jump into what I would do
if I had all the fucking money in the
world the first thing I would do is I
would pay off Jays like 100 grand plus
college debt because yeah that's just
awful and it's always looming over his
head and I want to help him out that so
the first thing I'm do Oh the second
thing I would do is I think I would open
in every major city I would open a
no-kill animal shelters and then I think
for myself personally I would have my
own um I like exotic animal sanctuary
where like if an animal gets hurt or
like a bird sanctuary like I oh I love
following the people on Instagram who
had that kind of thing you get to be
involved in the rehabilitation of
animals like on a daily basis I think
it's fucking amazing and I think hanging
out with animals just improves your
morale and makes you better than I
fucking love them and I would do
anything it possible to you know help
them out and to make sure they get back
into the world safely I understand um
the kind of issue with wanting to keep
exotic animals as pets and knowing that
they belong in the world and they're
happier in the wild and that kind of
thing so I would definitely put them
back out into the wild after they're
taken care of but I want to make sure
that more of them survived and then the
you know it can be like a conservatory
type of thing so what else would I do so
I would never buy a watch for 190
thousand dollars ever because I can just
buy the $100,000 watch if I even liked
watches but I don't like to think about
it you think these guys are growing up
impoverished and they're like God if
only I can get that watch of my dreams
like no like maybe cars maybe specific
cars but same thing everyone gets the
same amount of car the same type of cars
it's just like whatever car is you know
the most expensive lamborghini at the
time or the bugatti it's like it's silly
like i love cars too and it's not
something that i get to explore often so
if i had a lot of money I would buy my
favoritest car ever hold on I'm gonna go
get it Oh what okay this is it oh I'm
gonna put it closer cuz it's really
dusty right now I need to lead us to my
house but this is a 57 Chevy and um it
is my favorite i love classic cars i
would have a bunch of classic cars and
on top of that i would also soup up my
first car which is a saturn that j
actually got into an accident was so
she's just like sitting there needing to
be upgraded actually got her new rims
and tires and stuff and I was going to
get her a new interior because she has
some water damage but I fucking on cars
and I love fixing cars and I would love
to learn more about the inner workings
of cars this is a scale model it
actually like the wheels the the wheel
turns the wheels is front wheel drive
and then it's got like the under hair it
actually looks like it should this is
like a great i love this thing it's like
sitting over there on top of the other
side of my TV which you guys don't see
very often um so classic cars something
i would do yes because that's something
i've always loved right it's not like oh
I'm gonna get the most expensive you
know new car so that I can show it off
my friends or whatever and then the next
thing
do is I would have the best gaming setup
in the entire fucking world oh my god i
would have liked every system including
the older systems like like i used to
have when i was younger but like much
more extravagant like it would just be
like beautiful and amazing and like
there would be um animatronics going on
in there like um i was at a guy's house
was really rich monson he had like a TV
that would like come down from the
ceiling and all i would have a luxurious
setup for video games because that's the
thing i'm the most passionate about ever
and i would have like a bunch of
different rooms in my house like i like
i like modern um like houses but at the
same time I've always wanted a log cabin
as lindell homes is something that is
like a company around here and people
say that they're bad but if they weren't
bad I would I love driving by them it's
like a log cabin type building with like
the inside is very log cabin II i love
what cabins and then um it's got like a
bunch of fucking like um with windows
and cemetery window easy to succeed and
i would have that house would be my main
house and it would be out in middle
nowhere really because i only like the
city i don't really like being bothered
by other people and stuff like that kind
of thing is like next to me so I
wouldn't really do that living in the
city type thing but I would have liked a
Frasier Crane type home that I can come
to like in downtown Seattle or something
or maybe LA but I don't only like LA so
somewhere else where I could have like a
high-rise type place I think that would
be pretty cool um as a secondary home
but it would be very modern because I
also do like modern architecture but
mostly what I like is um log cabins and
comfy houses and I would have a bunch of
rooms for content creation because if I
was the richest person in the world I
would still be fucking creating content
because there's nothing I love more it's
fucking amazing I would have great
amazing setups I would do like skits and
I would have maybe a whole team for
skits and stuff when we do it like once
a week something creative but the rest
of it would just be like one-on-one you
and me type stuff so that's basically
what I would do they combined a lot of
money just games classic cars a nice log
cabin somewhere where nobody would
bother me oh I would have a
full gym in my basement because like
this really air conditioned obviously
extent like air conditioning but it
would be at the Fulton with like all of
the machines and a freeway track that
goes up to like a billion something I
want because I don't like going out of
my house and also have a spray tanning
booth in a tanning bed because I don't
want to go out of my house very often I
like having like a cozy place where I
can do everything and that's something
that's important to me so I would do
that as well but that's pretty much it
would be very different from what
everyone else does with money and it
would be a lot of giving to animals in
need and a lot of just being comfortable
with my life not being extravagant
because I feel like extravagance is just
ridiculous like I wouldn't have a yacht
and then my private plane and knowledge
like I don't like traveling so I
wouldn't do it I wouldn't do it just to
make people be like oh god is so cool
like that kind of think I don't have a
lot of people hanging out my house I
would have as many friends as I have now
which is very few that are that close to
me and my personal life but it would
just be comfort to the max as well as
giving back to you know still giving
back to my viewers any way that I can
like I would support everyone's patreon
campaign like I have a patron who is a
good at art and I told him you should
start a patreon campaign and there's a
another patron that I have who writes
German erotic stories and I'm a patron
of his patreon campaign I feel like I
would give back a lot more to the people
who also support me and watch my content
and give me ideas if I you know had the
money to do so and I was properly funded
but oh my god it would be awesome like
money makes it will go around yeah but
like I wouldn't use my way it seems like
people do on like MTV Cribs or rappers
or people who just come into money I
would use it to make my life my friends
lives and animals lives better as well
the people who helped make me who I am
now so on any insight into why people
shame people for using their sexuality
or for using something to get something
else that they want to or vice versa
that's interesting to me so put post
dammit comments as well as any insight
into why people all seem to buy the
exact same things when they come into
money extravagant things that are pretty
much the same as the cheap things like I
want to hear about that too so I'll see
you guys tomorrow that's how I'm gonna
do a gaming blog I think soon about
because people keep saying i'm using my
sexuality looks the fuck does that even
mean first of all I dress less sexy on
like twitch or might well if my youtube
videos it's fine I dress the way I
dressed in the day but sometimes I'll
feel I find myself changing into
something a little bit more modest
because the twitch rules are just
fucking stupid so if anything I'm less
sexual and just more myself and like so
many people bitch about like oh you know
you're just using global and you
shouldn't be in the community first of
all every single type of person should
be in the community even kaceytron
because it's a variety and we need
variety and we need people pulling other
people other types of people into gaming
second of all like what the fuck and
being myself that's like saying stop
stop showing your boobs is first of all
like saying let's cover this up and you
know be uncomfortable like this is my
favorite polo top because it actually
allows my kids to breathe and so I'm
going to sit here like choking myself
with like boob sweat because you guys
will respect me more on first glance as
like fucking retarded second of all it's
like saying covering your boobs is like
saying PewDiePie stop having that
adorable accent or being so handsome you
should just like be disgusting and like
stop being funny because you know he's
putting on some kind of performance more
than I am because I'm just like being
myself and he's like being a certain
amount of cilia so is toby toby turner
like it's just entertainment and there
should be all forms of entertainment if
you don't like my form just don't watch
right all right bye guys this has been
too long hey guys if your joins my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
in support of my youtube and livestream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goal
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topics vlogs except
wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday is sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is going to
be friday night mail or fanservice
fridays and don't forget to subscribe to
this channel as well as my gaming
YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara backup
games and if you want to watch my game
play live don't forget to check out tara
babcock TV or twitch TV / care about
done subscribe and don't forget to smile
bye guys
