hey guys so in yesterday's vlog I talked
about how I was gonna do two vlogs
yesterday so I was gonna be wearing the
same thing by dressing up my hair and
wearing these glasses so that it looked
a little bit different but my second
vlog was absolute fucking shit and so I
decided to only upload it to my patreon
only page which means that if you're a
patron you can see the shitty vlog but I
want to redo it at some point with
actual notes and stuff on my phone so
today's topic is gonna be a little bit
different it is going to be of my pre
sex regimen and to not ruin all of you
subscribers here on this channels chance
to see me looking like a hipster slash
nerd with these glasses on I'll wear
them today for this vlog as well so I'll
get right into it since a lot of people
fucking hate how much I talk in the
beginning but anyway I think it's
fucking it's endearing how like ditzy I
can be in how silly but look how well I
fucking match with this piece of Tetris
this piece of Tetris yeah anyway so this
is my big penis pillow that's gonna tell
me or it's gonna help you guys know
about my pre sex regimen anyway I got
this idea from Trisha Paytas she has a
pre sex regimen video and I was very
shocked to find out how much fucking
shit she does before she has sex like
she actually has a regimen for like
putting on this sort of jelly that makes
her stomach tighter so it looks like she
has less flab or something and like she
washes and douches and puts stuff down
there that smells good and it's like
what the fuck you did not need to do
that much okay so a lot of people say
that the vagina is self-cleaning that
you should never use anything like a
douche and it can be unhealthy and it
can you know screw your pH balance up
and stuff like that but for me
personally I do
douche once in a while with probably
like once a month or twice a month or
something like that because even though
it is more natural to have a certain
like smells bacteria down there for me I
just want to have the best sex possible
and I am prone to UTI cz's a lot of you
guys know for
back in the day I used to get UTS like
once a fucking month and it was awful so
I don't do it very often and when I if I
do it right before sex which I don't do
because usually I don't have that much
time before sex I end up getting feeling
like I'm gonna get a UTI and then
occasionally I will but usually I don't
type of thing so it doesn't feel very
good to do around when I'm about to have
sex and stuff anyway um basically what I
do is I do it in the shower once a month
usually after I've had my period so I
can like wash out whatever residual
period nastiness is in there and make
sure that I'm a freshman clean it just
feels better like sometimes there are
like slight risks to things that you
want to do in order to make yourself
feel better and more confident or better
looking at stuff and that's one of the
risks I'm willing to take the fact that
I might get a UTI and have to go get
antibiotics so then feel immediately
better after I start taking the
antibiotics but um it's definitely worth
it because it's just so much nicer down
there but doesn't that only have much
that I do pre sex like really I I like
to have sex in the cold because first of
all you're gonna work up a sweat anyway
you're gonna work up the body heat and
stuff here to be sharing body heat so
there's no reason why you should have a
really warm room but during sex I do
like goose bumps I think they they
tighten your body and make you look
sexier than make you feel more confident
and then you want to work harder and
then till I get each other's warmth to
each other and I think that's really
really cool and stuff my camera's gonna
die soon so I have to kind of hurry this
up but anyway um I just like to have so
I'd like to be able to foreplay if I
want to I like to be able to have sex
whenever and wherever I want so I don't
really like to have a hefty pre sex
regimen if I feel like I've been
sweating all day or something or I went
to the gym and the guy I'm with is not
into that which is most guys aren't into
that I'm into that on the flip side I
like a lot of man sweat a man ball sweat
and stuff like that and sweat everywhere
else I like the the flavor of it and I
think it's very manly and gives off a
nice like manly scent and I like that
shit it's not actually dirty it's not
poor hygiene it's just like manliness
like exuding from the man I think that's
really cool but if I have if I feel like
I have been working up a sweat or
something I'll go and I will uh I'll
jump up on this thing that's kind of
funny and I'll watch like mine my labia
and around my vagina but I never see
anything in the vagina
obviously like I said before it's
self-cleaning and that can be a safety
hazard kinda it's just like imagine like
putting a bunch of soap inside your pee
hole like that just doesn't sound good
at all so I definitely don't put
anything inside my vagina I just make
sure that everything around there is
clean because just like an armpit it can
get kind of weird if you've been running
all day or something and I do a lot of
cardio I do cardio at least thirty
minutes a day so 20 minutes a day so
that's something that can possibly
happen I like to have sex at all
different times in the day too which is
something that Trisha Paytas doesn't
like she talks about having some
champagne next to her bed and she's like
has this crazy fucking routine she puts
on like certain lingerie and well I
liked it like I'm open to roleplay and
I'm open to wearing sexy clothes during
and I'm open to like moving my clothes
around so it looks sexier and stuff I'm
not really into the whole like making a
big deal out at the beginning of sex and
I feel like a lot of you guys would
disagree with her methods as well and
kind of agree more with me that you
wanted to just be spontaneous and not
something more like if you end up having
spontaneous sex like out and about that
it happens to be disgusting because this
person has to have this crazy amount of
things done before they're like hygienic
and stuff I think that's something we
can all agree upon but I'd like to know
you guys have sex pre sex regimens do
you have anything that you're a little
bit insecure about if you don't fix like
if you don't go freshen up is that
something that you do like maybe wash
around your anus wash around your vagina
or your penis and balls skirt them
whatever the fuck you want to do or do
you feel generally confident with that
even if you have gone working out maybe
you have a girlfriend who's into that
kind of thing like I am all of that
stuff I want to hear about down in the
comments and I thought about making this
a sex ed with Tara topic but really it's
just a bunch of like my own personal
opinions of my own personal thoughts on
what Trisha Paytas does and just like
thought it would be a cool topic to kind
of cover in the fact that I like the
spontaneity of not having to do a fuck
ton of things I'd like to think that I'm
sexy at all points in time and then we
can just have some you know fucking
carnal lust seed awesome
you know visceral sex whenever the fuck
we want and I like all different kinds
of sex and most of those don't involve
getting ready for a long time before
which can kind of not only spoil the
mood now that there's a mood that needs
to be spoiled with me because I'm pretty
much good to go to any fucking point and
like a lot of people say like oh my son
came in and talked to us and I'm not in
the mood anymore oh oh something
happened like someone farted and now I'm
not the mood anymore no I'm still in the
mood and if I wasn't for some reason in
the mood I can easily get back into the
mood so I don't really see that as a
huge problem either sorry I'm talking so
fast just I see my my thing beeping like
hey you don't have any fucking battery
but anyway today which is last night for
you guys I have to go do rich or night
so we're gonna be well I don't have to
it wants it's my fucking next week on
stream but anyway we're gonna be playing
I think saw a sonic game now because we
played a donkey kong country 1 and we
want to like Jay really multiple-- don't
become country - he likes to play
sequels back-to-back but I feel like for
the content production side of it it's
better to have a little break because
people will kind of feel like oh my god
all she fucking plays is Donkey Kong for
the retro night so I want to have like a
sonic in-between or something like that
but uh once again if you guys want to
see the edited videos of that like the
20 minute episodes and stuff you should
check out my gaming channel youtube.com
slash their backup games and please let
me know whatever five topics you have I
have a notepad on my phone with all the
topics that I have put blogs and I love
cover you guys's topics like yesterday
it was about a bisexual men and I was
disappointed a little bit in a lot of
the comments a lot of people seem very
sometimes even hypocritical ignorant
about the topic like you're not a
fucking faggots if you're bisexual and
there's nothing wrong with that and I
just want to stress that more so if
anyone read the comments and it's
feeling a little bit down about being
bisexual or being interested in that I
definitely think you should try it out
and you know if you want to keep it a
sticker keep it a secret but I think
that you should just be open with
yourself and honest and be like fuck
everyone else and everything that
everyone else thinks it doesn't matter
it really doesn't matter and unless
someone's actually like beating you up
and bullying you over it like in a way
that you can't avoid it in real life
like just the shift that people see on
the other net like fuck I'm really like
it doesn't matter where you're from or
what you're doing just do what you want
to do as long as it's not actually
physically harming anyone I'll see
you're good to go and you should enjoy
it and not worry about what other
people's
so that's pretty much the topic or
that's pretty much the the message I
want to leave off on all of my vlogs and
things is like this is my opinion you're
free to have your own do what makes you
happy and hopefully that can be the
message that I convey on all of my
videos but yeah I should probably go I
love you guys so much you guys are
amazing thank you for all of the support
and remember if you're a pastry on
patron and you wanted to see the video
that was supposed to come out today you
can do so on my patreon page
patreon.com/lenguin
only posts all right I love you guys
thank you so much you guys are like my
fucking you extend to family I'm gonna
give you a hug right now
hey guys bear join my free content you
want to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and supported my
youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
hopes
hey there vlog and fan service lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is gonna be normal update and topics
blogs except Wednesdays are gonna be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Terry's comment and
every other Wednesday is sex seven Tara
and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara bathtub games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out terrible TV or
twitch.tv slash care about that
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
