why hello what's up guys I decided I'm
gonna do two long talks today because
there were two I had in mind that I was
going to do and I wasn't quite sure
which one I wanted to do one was a
recommended by a viewer he said he
wanted to know all about whether or not
I would be into a bisexual guy and then
the other one was which will be up
tomorrow by the way uh what the fuck was
it even oh yeah
sex deal-breakers so we'll talk about
that tomorrow let's only talk about the
subjects but people are wondering how
the fuck am I going to differentiate
this video from the next well I do have
these amazing hipster slash nerd glasses
and I have a couple hair ties on my
fingers and when I start the next stream
or the next video God everything is
jumbled together god I've had too much
caffeine again today but anyway when I
start the next video I will be putting
my hair into pigtails type things I'm so
happy today because oh my god the
weather was perfect it was like 60s and
then the night before it was raining and
thundering if you guys were on stream
you probably heard me go like was that
thunder and you could hear it like I
could hear it through Jays mic into my
mic so I know that the stream heard it
and then they would be like lightning
and thunder all over the place it was
raining it was fucking wonderful I don't
know why people say that that kind of
weather there's like fucking hair
falling off of me I'm shedding I'm
shedding because now I don't need my
summer for something like that anyway
but um I don't know why people say it's
depressing I feel like they have to be
in a depressing state of mind in the
first place or had something depressing
happen while it was raining but for me
it's like invigorating man like I make
up in the morning and it's not
overheating me I'm not sweating my ass
off it's not humid so I can't fucking
breathe and I feel like a goddamn
goldfish it's like I love the nice like
breeze and how it's like fresh I walk
outside I'm like Oh fresh air that makes
me want to work out more and then after
I'm done working out walking home from
the gym like if it's rainy or something
there's a fucking hair I swear to god
it's all over me ah anyway um if it's
raining and like washes the sweat off
and it's nice and all I get more
motivated to do everything because it's
not hot as fuck and it's not just making
me lethargic and sleepy there's hair on
me like every time I go here and pull it
off
new piece of hair I don't know why it's
your eternal hair stuff okay if you're
blonds
you know this plight wearing dark
clothes and having blonde hair you shed
and then it's all over you so often I
see a girl and she's got like a piece of
blonde hair just dangling off her ass
and I want to like grab it off of her
and I'm like yeah I did you a favor but
then she turned like why had you my ass
and it would be fucking awful so I don't
do it I just sit there and look at her
ass with a hair dangling off of it and
think you know it's illogical but I feel
like you have a hairy ass now even
though it happens to me too and I just
happen to have J and other people
watching out for me they're like oh
bitch you got a hair on your ass and
they take it off anyway let's get to the
fucking topic wait first I want to talk
about other things it's been a while
since I've taken two whole minutes to
get into the actual topic oh wow is it
like three minutes now oh well you have
to listen to it anyway so um I have just
been having a really good day today I
finally had the time to go to the gym
outside of my apartment and to go
tanning so I'm tan and I love being tan
it feels so sexy and so awesome and it's
like oh I can rule the fucking world and
I just got tan too so I'll be getting
tanner
over the evening as that's how tans work
and I put on one of my older bras and
I'm feeling the older bra right now oh
yeah it's all good so let's talk about
the topic someone asked me I just burped
I did I'm sorry someone asked me how I
feel about bisexual men and if I would
be attracted to bisexual men or be
turned off by sexual meant by bisexual
men I've turned off bisexual men you men
wanna have sex yeah like I'm a radical
feminist or something anyway um let's
try to fucking stay on topic I'm so like
hyper and shit and everything's going
alright it's funny that I feel good
today because like I remember that guy
told you about a while ago that
fraudulently donated 1200 ollars and
tried to take it back and then if he
failed well he failed with paypal but it
took my mom's but he got the money back
through his a credit card I guess I've
heard somewhere that everyone has one
fraudulent crank claim where they can be
like someone else use my credit card and
then they don't investigate it and they
just give the money back
and it's like one chance that you get to
do that I've heard from different
companies that's the case and other
people say that that's case but anyway
I'm assuming he used his and he's
probably happy that he got that money
back but fuck him man I had to put more
money into my PayPal because of its
fucking stupid but I'm still feeling
good
fuck the haters fucks people are trying
to steal my money and give me fraudulent
shit so that my PayPal gets investigated
you guys suck hope you burn in a fire
and and are very are very conscious when
that happens haha letting a little bit
of the site go out of me well I hope you
guys enjoy my babbling because it's
gonna be a lot of babbling today anyway
umm bisexual men yes on the occasion
that they happen to be more feminine and
not very manly okay so let's say you
take my exact vision of a perfect man or
at least some guy that I would have sex
with and then he tells me he's bisexual
I feel like that's just a plus honestly
because if he's bisexual that that's not
really something that happens often
certainly the typical thing so that
means he's kind of more open and being
more open sexually is very it's a very
good thing and I can imagine like since
I'm bisexual as a female and like
looking at other girls with guys is like
fun to do I can imagine like looking at
other guys to being fun like I can have
a guy who's into the same guys I am and
at the same girls I am in it just opens
up doors for more possibilities and I
feel like a guy who's like open minded
and a guy who's open to different sexual
experiences I think that would be cool
the only thing like I've never done it
before and I've never really watched it
before so I'm not quite sure but I feel
like maybe it would be a turn-off to see
the guy that I'm with being bent over
and taken in the ass by other guy I feel
like that might be a turn-off I don't
know it might just feel like a visceral
turn-off where I can't really help it
but I don't really have anything against
it so to speak I don't know anything
against anything really like if you have
a weird kink of any kind I'm not against
it or against you and I don't judge you
for it but there are some things that
like just viscerally I can't handle like
I'm not into like I would never be into
the scheisse shit or like the shit stuff
you don't know what that is it's like I
guess German porn is often equated to
stereotypically - doing things with like
poop right that's that's totally not my
thing also the two girls one cup type of
shit and tub girl oh fucking disgusting
not Google that shit I know
I'm a sexual you guys and tell you guys
to Google and that it's great like blue
waffle yes but do not who'll any of
these things that I mentioning they're
all whole they have to do with vomit and
shit and not like you know like normal
shit that just comes out it's just like
a lump of shit like that's beautiful
shit compared to this I would have sex
with that shit before I even touched any
of the stuff that's going on in two
girls one cup like one of those bitches
or two of those bitches you know is
Mexican and she's got the Mexican bean
farts and it's like the fucking worst
you just don't want to deal with it
anyway um that kind of stuff is not my
thing but if someone's into that I'm not
gonna like judge them for it and be like
oh you're fucking disgusting I'm just
like that's interesting no tell me more
why were you into that can you actually
explain your fetish because it's
interesting to see why other people like
certain things that I don't like and I
like getting in the minds of other
people so I'm not quite sure how I feel
about watching my guy you know get
fucked in the ass by another guy I feel
like it would be kind of interesting to
see a guy stuff another guy's dick at
the same time as I've always said before
I'm kind of a little bit turned off
watching a guy like a pussy specifically
my pussy because like the holy and it
just feels kind of feminine and looks
kind of feminine isn't really my thing
but in in theory I think having a
bisexual partner or bisexual buck buddy
would be kind of cool and I don't really
have anything against it as long as he
still makes up the rest of the traits
that I consider to be you know sexy
because he doesn't look sexy if he's not
my type if I don't like him as a person
if his personality doesn't mesh with
mine all of these things can be turn
offs but as a rule just the trait of
being a bisexual man would not turn me
off whatsoever and I'd be perfectly fine
with that and I'd be interested in
exploring that I feel like it's very
very rare that men are bisexual and I
feel like that's just because society is
telling us that bisexual women are
attractive and desirable and like sexy
girl on girl stuff oh my god that's so
hot but then if a man is bisexual it
emasculates him or makes him weird or
guys will make fun of him and call him a
faggot and all that shit it's just like
it's dumb right and I know that a lot of
the women who say they're bisexual are
probably bisexual just to get men's
attention just like a lot of the men who
say they're not bisexual or not gay are
probably in the closet because they're
afraid of that kind of ridicule and it's
stupid I feel like we should all just
embrace you know different perspectives
and so many people are like like day and
day out the people who made
neither it's clear that they can only
see one perspective like they grew up
with like tunnel vision and only see
like this cut like I can only understand
stereotypes I have no open mindedness I
can't understand anything you can see
it's very apparent in some people's you
know some people's hate messages on my
videos and like a lot of them are
accompanied with like very bad grammar
and spelling because they're just not
intelligent people and I feel like if
you question everything and if you have
an open mind about everything that makes
you just like by proxy a much more
intelligent person because you will
learn things without prejudice and
that's just so important so um I would
definitely I'm definitely not going to
say that a bisexual man's turn out for
me I think it's a good thing all right
guys let's go to the next vlog
which will be up tomorrow I hope you
guys enjoyed this don't forget to like
the video subscribe to the channel let
me know down in the comments if you've
had any experience with a bisexual man
if you're a girl or if you're a guy
you've had maybe bi sexual thoughts or
maybe wanted to try it out or if you are
just openly bisexual let me know and
hopefully I forget I always like I think
about okay like I'm gonna shout out to
the guy damn it stopping I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna do it and then as soon as I
sit down in front of the camera I
fucking forget and now there's a hair on
me again but yeah I hope you don't hate
the hyperness of me today hi guys hey
guys if you're joined by free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars and
support of my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes
hey there vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday at Terry's
comments and every other Wednesday at
sex 7 care and every other Friday is
going to be Friday night mail or
fanservice Friday's and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming youtube and youtube.com slash
Tara backup games and if you want to
watch my gameplay live don't forget to
check out Tara bad pot TV or twitch.tv
blast hear about Gunn subscribe and
don't forget to smile bye guys
