hey guys today we're gonna be doing the
long-awaited well at least you guys say
its long-awaited vegan and vegetarian
alternatives blog I wanted to do this
for a while but I had to actually go
grocery shopping and this is the I think
the height of actually having my fridge
stocked which isn't often the case but
anyway so the difference between a
vegetarian and vegan is that vegan is
you don't consume or use or have
anything to do with any animal products
or byproducts this means like you can't
have gelatin because gelatin is like
ground-up like garbage stuff like pig
schnauzers and bones and a bunch of
stuff like that it's like really gross
um and you can have stuff like that you
can't have a cheese or milk or eggs or
anything like that
um because it comes from an animal and
basically that's if you care a lot about
animals or if you are lactose intolerant
and you don't want to eat mean like that
kind of thing
um and vegetarian is not having any kind
of like dead animal meat of any kind in
this includes fish a lot of people will
talk about the I forget the name for it
but there's like a different version of
vegetarian that does eat fish and that's
like kind of weird like for me I find
fish disgusting in all forms even like
fish sticks sometimes it always smells
bad people say well that it wasn't
processed right or it wasn't created
right but that's in my opinion wrong
because I go into any seafood place and
it just smells fucking disgusting and
I'm just not into it it doesn't taste
good to me it's like meth and a lot of
the misconceptions about being
vegetarian or vegan um are that like you
can't be healthy you can't get all the
vitamins you can't especially get
protein and that's not true at all my
roommate has been like less than 8% body
fat and over like 225 pounds of muscle
or something like that on vegetarian and
slash vegan diet it depends
the time whether or not he's done that
but um yeah so it's definitely doable
and there are a lot of supplements you
can take and also a lot of one of the
things about protein is that a lot of
the the vegetarian or vegan options for
meat actually do contain more protein
because like soy and the nuts and a
bunch of things that they add like they
add things that make it better and a lot
of people think that the Tyrians and
vegans have to be like these weird like
these weirdos that like vegetables a lot
I fucking hate vegetables and I barely
eat anything that's actually vegetable
like I don't have just like steamed
vegetables or steamed broccoli and
that's all I have
I actually what I eat most of the time
is things that are very much like all of
the things that are full of meat are
full of dairy and stuff but actually
don't contain it and I understand that
like it being very hard for you to
switch over to a different diet and that
you think that like you're kind of just
swayed to think that it can be less
healthy to be vegan because oh one it's
hard to do - you're not getting the
protein you're not getting the nutrients
your parents make something that you you
can't really change what you eat it's
more convenient for work or whatever I
understand feeling like you need to
consume animal products in order to be a
healthy person that's a common
misconception but um what I don't
understand at all is people who will use
animals or animal products for for
fashion or for makeup I absolutely do
not do that I used to use Mac but now I
use NYX because Mac's started testing on
animals in China so girls if you didn't
know that that's actually a thing now
they do tests on animals and a lot of
their brushes come from horses and other
things if it's a sable it's usually an
animal product and that's not okay for
me and the reason I started testing in
China is because they can't sell in
China and
they animal test is some kind of weird
regulation there but um that's kind of a
moot point as well because they have the
brushes and stuff and I just don't like
supporting anything that is tested on
animals that uses animal products or
that has animals in some kind of
compromising position like you think
about it like son
like obviously animals that are making
food are killed and they're not treated
properly often if you watch the factory
farm videos it's like a big huge deal
but even keeping certain animals as pets
especially wild animals is like not okay
because imagine like you're being
treated well but you're a slave that's
it's pretty awful you're not in the wild
you're not doing the things you would
normally do here it's just not it's not
our food chain anymore it's just a bunch
of people mass producing and wasting
resources and you know consuming the
world's resources just to like
mass-produce and treat these animals
poorly and then eat them it's not just
like us eating and being a part the food
chain it's kind of beyond that now that
we have these like morals and rules and
stuff why don't we use them to make the
world better to you know help animals to
improve animal rights instead of just
like mass consuming things like
gluttonous pigs and that's why a lot of
people are overweight I have not been
healthier since I started becoming a
vegan or vegetarian I'm not always vegan
I'm vegan when it comes to what I wear
or the makeup I use but not always vegan
when it comes to animal products
sometimes it's hard to find alternatives
for eggs and cheese and stuff but um as
far as like I said fashion and stuff
goes I'm 100% vegan so um I've just
never been healthy I've never felt
better it just feels so great it's very
easy to lose weight because holy fuck
you can eat like a whole segment of pot
stickers and it's like 1/10 of the
calories of the ones that actually
contain meat the same weighs like actual
meat like this like bacon strips this
tastes exactly like bacon with slightly
less of the grease and it's like 60
calories or something and it still has
the protein within it as well so I'm
gonna start showing you these products
because I don't know how much longer I
have on my ass
fucking China out state guard but anyway
I wanted to show you that there are
alternatives to leather this is Jays
jacket and what's cool about leather or
not leather is that like you go out in
the rain and it doesn't fucking smell
like shit it's not ruined if you get
leather wet it's actually bad for it I
also have these flip-flops ghillie Hicks
and and Hollister actually have usually
alternatives to actual leather and I can
get these wet I can walk out the rain
with these it doesn't matter they are
very very they're flexible they're
amazing it seems like it's real leather
but it's not so anytime I want to use
something that's leather I always go for
pleather or fake leather so I want to
show you some things that I eat that are
vegetarian or vegan so there's like talk
stickers at the top say vegan this is by
ling-ling and you can just check they
have the vegan options and then they
also have the meat pull options this is
another thing that I eat cheddar and
potatoes it doesn't have any meat in it
but it is vegetarian and this is like
really fucking good and not that many
calories of course peanut butter is
always an option and you also get all
the the complex fats and proteins that
you need with stuff these are my
favorite snacks ever oh my god they're
like a hundred calories they're called
cuties tofutti cuties they're actually
they don't have any dairy in them but
they taste exactly like regular
chocolate regular mint and a regular Ice
Cream Sandwich I hope these don't melt
while they're out here we've already
have like four you definitely can still
gain weight when you're a vegan and
stuff it's not all about just eating
fucking shit okay so this is a Giovanni
I like Giovanni because the Greek yogurt
has a lot of protein but this is not
vegan it's only vegetarian this is
something I have it's for kids but I
don't like I like consistency I don't
like the big clumps that come out in the
yogurt so they're just like this and I
can suck on a first snack yeah
like other things these Morningstar is
my favorite favorite company of for fake
meats it's so fucking good like I have
burgers with this and it tastes exactly
like real meat I've fed it to my friends
and they agree there's like hickory
riblets is so fucking good oh my god
I've got things like this like vegan and
vegetarian things from Amy's Amy's is a
really good company as well this is like
they have cheese damn being they have
spinach and these are like if you know
what pizza rolls are they're like pizza
pocket type things and I like those as
well and they're less calories
there is teriyaki with tofu it's so
fucking good I love this shit like these
frozen dinners which are so amazing and
you can also just get like you can cook
clumps of tofu and the cool thing about
tofu is you can make it any consistency
you want and any flavor you want because
tofu is pretty much just like a blank
slate and so you can make it taste like
anything it's really cool and it has the
consistency of real meat because you
know it's pretty moldable like I said
these bacon strips Jay fucking loves
these I don't like bacon in general so I
don't like these either it's kind of
weird because everyone acts like bacon
is one of the things that everyone loves
but I just don't like it these are my
favorites though they're like chicken
nuggets tastes exactly like chicken
nuggets they're really fucking good it's
only 190 calories excellent source of
protein it says 12 grams of protein in
one serving only hundred ninety calories
when usually it would be like 300
calories and like ten or less grams of
protein which is what I think I compared
to actual chicken nuggets so you can eat
like a fat ass eat the things that you
would get McDonald's but you know still
lose weight because you're having the
vegetarian or vegan option and then
there is this which is corn dogs taste
exactly this is the one that tastes the
most exactly like like a normal thing
that you would get on the side of the
road at like in New York or something at
a hotdog the hotdogs and the corn dogs
are fucking amazing oh my god they're so
goddamn
I love so much if you're going out to
eat my favorite place to eat is yard
house because yard house has the
guardian's and it tastes it's like the
funny they make it everything exactly
the fucking same and it just tastes so
fucking good
they have like burgers that are Gardein
you can always ask for a Boca or a
veggie burger at most of the places you
go like Red Robin the only place but I
don't really see a vegetarian or vegan
option is like McDonald's type places
but if you go to McDonald's you can be
vegetarian by eating just fries I
usually just eat fries because I feel
like all of the things when you get like
McDonald's or something it really weighs
you down it makes you feel gross and
it's like oh it's just awful feeling for
your body to put like that Foods in
regardless of whether or not you're a
vegetarian or vegan but I thought I
would shit up with you guys because
people were asking me like how I do it
and it's pretty easy I prefer a veggie
burgers to Boca I don't really like Boca
it's like this weird it's kind of like I
I would recommend not eating Boca and I
feel like if you haven't if you like
have preconceived notions about
vegetarians and vegans I'm definitely
not one of them I have makeup on my face
I don't like where hemp I'm not a weirdo
I don't like just like piles of
vegetables and that's all I eat I have
all of my vitamins and nutrients
I just don't consume meat ever
and I don't use animals as scarves and
shit like it to me it's like ridiculous
to do that and I'm very adamant about
that I think that we shouldn't be using
them as ornaments especially uncivilized
in the civilised world we can get food
many different ways and they have the
the luxury of being able to pick and
choose what we eat and be the healthiest
and you know not take advantage of
nature the way that we do the way that a
lot of people do
I just feel so much healthier and it's
it's awesome so if you have any
questions let me know I can show more
things I now have to put this stuff back
in the freezer which is like but you
know it's worth it hope you guys like
this video bye
hey guys if you enjoyed my free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars and
support of my youtube and livestream and
get some cool exclusive content while
you're helping me reach my goals link is
down in the description thank you
anything helps hey there vlog and fan
service lovers I just wanted to let you
guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is gonna be
normal update and topic vlogs except
Wednesdays are gonna be interchangeably
Tara Reid's comments and sex ed with
Tara so that means every other Wednesday
is Tara Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday is sex doesn't care and every
other Friday is gonna be Friday night
mail or fanservice Fridays and don't
forget to subscribe to this channel as
well as my gaming youtube at youtube.com
slash Tara bathtub games and if you want
to watch my gameplay live don't forget
to check out Tara back on TV or
twitch.tv slash Caravaca
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
