Oh rise and thread or a purse so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to a new episode of my fucking favorites
for the month of is it September and
October
I think it's September and October so
why don't we just jump right into it
today I'm wearing my Ash Ketchum hats my
hashtag Tara Babcock merch that you can
buy at screaming err calm slash Tara
Babcock if you want to support me in
other ways besides watching here on
Twitter being a patron let's just be the
fuck into it and how cute is my
motherfucking phone case by the way very
cute very cute first category is sex
position okay so for this month sex
position or this set of month sex
positions sex position okay so for this
month sex position I'm gonna be telling
you about a sex position that I have no
idea the name of or if it even has a
name imagine me lying flat on my back on
a bed or on a couch or something and
then I take both of my arms and stick
them under my legs like this and pull my
legs back so they're almost behind my
head and then I put my arms down as far
as I can so my legs go back as far as
they can and I hold the back of my heels
you need to be kind of flexible for this
but I think you girls can do it he is of
course on his knees or standing up and
he's just plowing the pussy good plowing
I sound like Donald or something I
particularly like this position because
it feels really good he gets in a really
deep and it adds a little bit of pain
which you guys know is my pleasure I
feel like I do I feel like out of all of
the categories I'm gonna run out of sex
positions because I have like a set
thirty of them that I use and I don't
really stray from that because I feel
like going to creative with your sex is
really something for someone who's kind
of sick of sex and I'm not so I would
just rather maximize the pleasure while
still only engaging in sex positions
that are comfortable and easy to climax
in so for me being creative is not so
much as important as just getting my
fucking rocks off next category we have
is porn star okay so do you guys
remember the video I made recently about
interracial porn and I talked about how
good blacked is blacks calm well some
guys from blacks contacted me on Twitter
and actually gave me a six-month
subscription oh my god blocked us so
much higher quality when you're not
pirating it let me tell you I haven't
checked any of the black 2
raw stuff out yes but I'm assuming it's
gonna be pretty good that being said
someone who also contacted me on Twitter
but then didn't really reply to me when
I replied to them is Nicolette Shay my
favorite porn star this month so I knew
if Nicolette Shay for a long time back
when I was a model I think she was just
modeling and she was doing either nude
or maybe even non nude photography more
like the glamor stuff than actual porn
and I was pretty excited to hear that
she actually got into porn recently so
she contacted me on Twitter and asked me
if I was in LA I said I was in Vegas and
then she didn't reply to me maybe I
should pry a little bit more for what
she wants and see if you know could make
something of that she's really hot but
honestly I can't dig the fake ass from
the front she's like perfect
I'm just personally really against
really big asses I feel like it ruins
the aesthetic for me because what I like
is really tight small bodies and a nice
round small butt or average medium but I
don't know maybe it's a girl thing but
for me big fake tits hanging off the
chest is so much better and so much in
my personal proportions and aesthetic
then a big fake ass I don't know I know
a lot of people will disagree with me
but hey voice your opinion down in the
comment section anyway
otherwise she's so fucking hot she's
blonde she's basically my aesthetic but
a little bit too tall and a little bit
too buxom in the booty Nicolette Shay
check her out I know a lot of you guys
told me to check her out but she had
already been checked before you
recommended her I especially like the
scene where she is pretending to be like
a robot secretary I forget the guy
that's in the scene
I think it's Danny D Danny D a nickel
it's a robot sex Barbie or something
like that I don't know there I give you
guys a seat you guys are always asking
for a scene the next category is
favorite games I have two favorite games
this month because I haven't really been
playing any new games other than just
spending all of my time streaming Dark
Souls 3 I haven't really played any
other games other than the two that just
came out but I'm really excited about
that I'm about to mention first of all
we've got South Park the fractured but
whole which kind of sounds like the
fractured but whole obviously that's why
it's funny I really love South Park I
loved the first game in the second game
is infinitely better it's basically a
story game with RPG elements that are
really entry level so if you like really
deep RPGs you might not like it but if
you like RPGs or you want to get into
gaming and you haven't really played an
RPG before it's not that confusing I
definitely recommend you watching South
Park or having watched South Park in the
past so you get all the concepts and all
the nods to the things that you'll see
in the show I'd watch 16 seasons of
South Park before I star
playing this game and a lot of the stuff
went over my head until I started
watching South Park again this month
because it was after season 16 things
like PC principal I was like where's
that principal with the weird and AD and
accent who's not a Canadian basically
everything that I've watched in season
16 to 18 is talked about in the game and
while the game can still be fun and
funny and immersive if you don't know
everything about South Park
I still do recommend that you do know
everything about South Park so if you're
a die-hard South Park fan and you don't
even like play video games play this
game it's really good and the next game
is life is strange before the storm
episode two so there are two episodes
out of this prequel to life estranged
which is made by a different publishing
company because don't nod I think is the
publishing company of the first one is
busy working on another installment that
has nothing to do with Max and Chloe in
their original characters of life is
strange so it's actually gonna be
another like time-travel one but in life
is strange before the storm you play as
Chloe and you get to see the dynamic
between Chloe and Rachel Rachel is much
more likable than max Chloe is much more
likable than max in my opinion I
actually hated max and I loved life is
strange
life is strange before the storm episode
one was kind of cool still I would say
it's better than their original life is
strange and not just because you can
play as Chloe even though there is no
time-travel if you're expecting
time-travel if you're expecting time
rewind that's not a thing you can do and
before the storm but it is much more
intense than I thought it would be
especially episode - the ending twist in
episode 2 is insane and how much you can
actually affect the outcome is insane
I think they're allowing you to affect
the outcome a little bit more with your
choices and this one because it's a kind
of non consequential prequel I mean
obviously the outcome is gonna be the
same max is gonna come back you're gonna
see Chloe again I don't want to spoil it
but obviously the same fate will befall
Rachel and I think if you want a game
that's really just relaxing and really
interesting and can make you go like oh
no she didn't play it it's good alright
category number three movie and TV shows
there is a category number four
category number four movies and TV shows
okay so I haven't really watched any
movies but I'm gonna recommend that you
watch South Park
I love adult cartoons like the Simpsons
like Family Guy American Dad Cleveland
Show all that stuff in that vein and
that's why I really need to watch Rick
and Morty because people have been
saying that it's really good if you guys
knowing me think that I would like Rick
and Morty let me know in the comments
section so this
I've been catching up on South Park and
I watched season 16 to 18 it's
absolutely a great thing to do to be
watching South Park when you eat in the
morning and at night and then playing a
South Park the fractured but whole
during the day on stream or with JJ has
his own playthrough and I have my own
playthrough speaking of Jay the other
thing I want to recommend for you guys
to watch is Jays YouTube channel and Jay
switch recently as of our move Jay
started streaming and actually producing
a little bit of content on YouTube what
he posts on YouTube is vastly different
from what he does on twitch twitch is
all about him trying to get to Diamond
playing only Eve as a one-trick pony in
League of Legends he streams quite often
literally every single day that I am
working he's streaming the entire time
so throughout my recording my editing my
streaming myself pretty much always on
because I'm always working if you guys
want to check him out I would appreciate
if you gave him a follow he's at
twitch.tv slash Dzeko 5 and I'll post
that link in the description along with
his link to YouTube on YouTube he
actually does really cool montages of
his workouts so if you want to see what
he does in terms of weightlifting what
exercise is what weights and you want to
see it all with really cool background
music and a really artistic style you're
welcome by the way I do all of the
filming and editing you guys can check
that out he has two videos up right now
and I just recorded another for him
today the two videos he has up right now
our biceps and shoulder day and then
back day and today I just recorded for
him chest day so that should be up in
the next few days I think you guys will
really like it and there is a minority
of you guys who keep asking for more
shirtless Jay more buff Jay more sexy
Jay or more Jay in general those are the
two avenues you can get it now that he's
creating his own content the way he does
things is vastly different from me he's
not really comfortable with like sitting
and talking in front of a camera or
having any kind of structured content so
that's why he's really great on stream
he doesn't try to overplay it
he doesn't like put on a fake persona
and that's obviously something I love
about him he's not fake like that and
you can always feel free to ask him
anything or have any discussion with him
he's very non PC non bullshit like I am
alright what is the next category I have
to write it down so I remember music
let's talk about my music pics for
September in October honestly I have
been trying for a really long time to
get into Cradle of Filth and there are
two things that always stop me from
really loving the band because I love
the melodies that they use in their
music it's absolutely stunning
absolutely beautiful the background
music so gothic so non-structured
it's just amazing metal music right but
the two things the two things
which I don't really care about anymore
that have kind of turned me off from the
band our Danny filled his vocals when
he's screaming like yeah like that it
sounds like a girl to me and I don't
like women in metal usually I don't like
female vocals so to me it sounds like
really obnoxious female vocals when he
does that
don't get me wrong his arranged his
vocal range is absolutely amazing the
fact that he can growl and sing like
that and whine like a girl is insane but
it's something that's always bothered me
and now it just doesn't it's weird so
I've been getting a little bit more into
critical filth lately the second thing
that really bothers me about their music
is when they overuse the foot pedal
where it just feels like the foot pedal
is front and center overshadowing Danny
feels great vocal range and then also
overshadowing the great melody that I'm
trying to listen to but all I hear is
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo they fucking
use it like an overused over loud
metronome it's really annoying and the
way I like to listen to music too with
headphones in so I can really hear the
background music and the intensity of
everything the way it's supposed to be
portrayed and equalized it's really
annoying like really annoying when you
hear
but there are two songs that I
absolutely adore of Cradle of Filth one
of which J has showed me recently
because he's like the biggest Cradle of
Filth in ever and another that I've
known of for a long time so the one I've
known for a long time is nymphetamine
fix there are a bunch of songs with the
word nymphetamine in it but nymphetamine
fix the one I'm gonna play for you here
right now
it's my favorite I think they were
actually like three or four songs that
use the word nymphetamine I'm not great
with names of songs and stuff when
people ask me like what's your favorite
album in terms of how many good songs
are on each album I'm like albums and
less it's like really old stuff that I
used to like when I was younger like
Pink Floyd Led Zeppelin Metallica then I
don't really know what's on what album
and even then it's kind of hazy and the
new song that Jay showed me that's
absolutely amazing and where he gets
super creepy and super sexy is just like
oh and it kind of sounds like it's about
vampires and it's funny because Jay
doesn't give a shit about lyrics but he
was showing me these lyrics like look
how fucking awesome they are so anyway
it appears to be about a guy who goes to
like this Manor this like ball this
beautiful upscale ball with a bunch of
rich people and I think he's either
planning to murder them Jay thinks it's
just murder but I think because they use
the word sanguine and a bunch of other
things that kind of are vampirish and
the fact that they're gonna mass murder
a whole ball of people you can't usually
really do that and get away with it
I'm thinking it's vampire themed which
just makes it hotter so he goes in
wanting to kill people at this bowl at
catafalque Manor the night at catafalque
Manor is the name of the song and then
he actually falls in love with this girl
who's like a succubus like a vixen that
he can't say no to it's cool interesting
twist and it's a really hot sexy song I
think it's the least impressive of Danny
Phil's vocals but the sexiest especially
when it starts at this part
underneath chandelier side
yeah that's hot and another song that I
have on repeat this month other than you
know the Richelieu and so in songs
because I still can't get over them it's
Trivium ZnO way to heal
I'd like to Trivium for a long time but
I feel like this song I just kind of
didn't realize how I guess catchy it is
I wouldn't say it's my favorite song but
it's one song that I keep putting on
repeat cuz I just love it as always if
you have anything that you think I would
like based on the things that I'm saying
I like here or you know your monthly
favorites of anything please post them
in the comments I love reading your
comments especially on the fucking
favorites videos okay so guy or girl
aching a person or Demi kin I would like
to fuck this month so as you guys know
I'm working on a video called
controversial people I would like to
fuck it hasn't been posted because I'm
missing a video clip that I really want
to add to the video but there was one
person who I do really want to fuck who
is kind of controversial because he does
have a political leaning that isn't left
and a lot of similar and still differing
opinions to mine which means that you
know he's got to be controversial but I
did not put him in the video and that
person is steven crowder the owner of
louder with Crider calm I just recently
started watching his stuff because I was
kind of like hearing about him but
hearing that he was a comedian and I was
like I don't really like late-night
comedians or like the standard comedian
who talks about politics but I mean out
of all the guys that I've wanted to fuck
pretty bad recently he's like the one
that's the most my type actually he's
kind of buff he's tall with a little bit
of fat over the buffness which is you
know my type dark hair dark eyes white
guy it's pretty much my standard type
I'm not saying he's like my ideal
perfection in any way
I mean he's not that buff but oh man the
things I would do to him and his wife's
kind of hot too so you know if they ever
stop being super conservative and want
to get a little liberal in bed by the
way I'm a right-leaning libertarian I'm
not saying I'm a Lib tard in any way but
yeah he should hit me up he's really
fucking hot I would demolish him I'm
beautiful and I have a great body for
the other people that I would fuck who
are controversial and probably more
controversial than him
stay tuned for that controversial people
I would want to fuck video I would say
Steven Crowder is number two on that
list if you guys know who number one is
post in the comments 10,000 tear points
because I've been talking a lot about it
recently and I think people in my
discord or on J stream or on my stream
will probably know who I'm talking about
okay my favorite girly thing of these
months I have actually been doing my eye
shadow and it's not nearly as bad as it
used to be I
swear to God periodically every few
months I try to do my eyeshadow I try to
do the looks that I like and it just
never blends out properly and it never
looks good and it just looks really
weird on my face and I thought for some
reason that smoky eyes cat eye is just a
shadow in general didn't look good on me
but now I swear I think I've got it down
it looks pretty fucking good and I've
been doing it everyday I've been using
the two Too Faced palettes that I have
the peach one and the chocolate one both
of which smell like yes
peach and chocolate so good and that's
basically all the colors that I need I
also have this like non name-brand
palette that Jai bought me a while back
I think it was for Valentine's Day he
bought me some really out of character
shit for Valentine's Day one year and I
was like are you buying something for
someone else especially because he knew
I guess he should have known he doesn't
know but he doesn't know anything about
girly shit he should have known that I
don't even wear eyeshadow back then and
so I thought it was really sweet and
that's when I first started practicing
eyeshadow again it's one of those
palettes that has like every color in
mattes and you like take out the top
part and there's like more underneath
it's one of those and I thought that was
sweet so now I can finally do my
eyeshadow Thank You Jay for pushing me
in the direction of pity using eyeshadow
so that I actually got good at it and
forced myself to get good at it I'm
actually pretty impressed with myself I
feel like anything I actually set my
mind to I accomplished rather well pat
myself on the back good job
Tara and the last thing I don't know if
you guys remember but last time I talked
about getting hair extensions now the
hair extensions that I got before were
fab wigs hair extensions they're very
cheap as far as hair extensions go but
oh my god they were a fucking disaster
after a while they started frizzing up
to the point where like if I just moved
around like this it would be like balled
up and frizzy all the way up here and
just fucking awful every single day I
took a shower well I take a shower like
every three days but every single time I
took a shower I would actually have to
like straighten my hair and it was just
so weird to not have naturally straight
hair I definitely recommend if you're
gonna go with extensions don't go with
the cheap shit but at the same time I
don't feel like any normal person can
afford the extensions that I have right
now not to say anything bad about you
guys I can't afford these extensions but
what I did was I went to hottie Hair
Salon hottie extensions here in Las
Vegas and they actually have like really
high quality hair they have virgin hair
and they have like slowly processed hair
and then less slowly process hair but
all of the hair is high quality I
personally got the middle of the road
and it costs me a hundred and
seventy-five dollars per pack and then
three hundred and fifty dollars for
installation granted I only have to
replace his every six months I do have
to get them reinstalled every eight
weeks so while I committed to doing it
just once because I wanted to see how it
would look if I have high quality
extensions I don't know if I'll be able
to keep it up financially honestly like
it's really near my birthday so I'm like
fuck it let me just treat myself to some
really high-quality extensions but oh my
god do I love these they're absolutely
amazing
they're straight like my natural hair
they hold a curl similarly to my hair
instead of being Indian hair they're
actually European hair which is probably
you know more closer to my lineage and
they're just so amazing I've had them in
for 3 or 4 days and I haven't showered
at all and they're just oh they're so
good and so nice and so wonderful and I
just fucking love them so much I really
hope I can find a way to keep up with
this I'm actually thinking about like
not doing my nails and not doing some
other upkeep things just so I can keep
doing this because I love having thick
hair I love working with thicker hair
for braids especially and let me tell
you the fab wigs hair extensions they
ruined my hair like they were certain to
ball up in the top and I couldn't get
any of the glue out of my hair and it
itched as soon as I put them in it so I
thought that maybe my scalp just didn't
like having little tape ins next to my
head but oh my god these don't even H at
all and they feel so great and so
comfortable so yeah
don't buy extensions on Amazon go to an
actual place that is licensed to use
either babe hair extensions or one of
the top ten hair extension products cuz
otherwise you're gonna fuck your shit up
if you guys do want to waste a fuck ton
of money on hair and you want extensions
and you're here in Vegas go to hottie
hair salon and see Sarah smash she's a
badass she's a gamer - pretty cool and
last but not least my favorite thing of
the last two months is drumroll please
my computer I finally finished entirely
my computer I'm very happy with it it
looks fucking badass I'll insert some
footage here while I'm talking about it
it's water-cooled I got an all-new
motherboard new CPU new PSU I got
lighting for it so the case for it is
really cute if you guys want to know
anything about my computer you can go to
kit calm slash Tara Babcock where all of
my specs and my peripherals and all of
my equipment for you tubing and
twitching twitching for twitch are there
and you know
if you want to buy anything you can buy
it from there and I get a little small
Commission it's like $5 per purchase or
something like that which is actually a
lot if people actually buy things from
my list but you know this isn't a
sponsored video or anything I just
thought I would mention that because I
know a lot of people are gonna see the
footage of my computer and be like holy
shit that's really cool what are your
specs and the only spec I really feel
like I should mention is Rhys and thread
Ripper Oh Rhys and thread or a purse all
those cores Oh alright guys thank you so
much for watching don't forget to like
the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoyed and please do let me know
what your fuckin favorites of the month
are because that is one of my favorite
portions of uploading one of these
videos I get to see new shit
and you guys really do seem to have my
best interests at heart when you
recommend me games and music music
especially you guys are fucking awesome
thank you so much and I'll see you in
the next video hashtag Tara Babcock
merch I hope you guys had a happy and
safe Halloween by the way I don't know
if I'm gonna have this up before
Halloween or directly after but either
way I slit my throat because I love you
