hey guys welcome to a new episode of
fanservice Friday's the show that offers
nothing but fortuitous fanservice with
the message that you shouldn't be
ashamed of your sexuality in fact you
should have fun with it and that you
should never take yourself too seriously
this week I have something kind of cool
for you I realize that since I bought a
new camera I now have two cameras so I
can have one face cam and one boot cam
and for this vlog topic since it's not
really about a topic it's more about the
fanservice we're just gonna talk about
something as pointless as fanservice
kind of it's drama I've had a bit of
drama in my life that I don't really
feel like I care to even talk about in a
real vlog because who gives a shit about
drama
what a perfect topic for fanservice
Friday's right alright let's go this is
a kind of cool idea because I get to
actually utilize the Beauty closeness of
my lens if that makes any sense a lot of
the Beauty youtubers who do like makeup
and stuff they use Oommen really close
to their face but then they don't get
their decolletage in their cleavage in
there which kind of sucks because that's
one of the sexiest parts of my body and
I really like showing off and I think
it's super hot so that's what I'm doing
with this video I'm testing out the
really close up face shots while also
getting to show you guys there is my
body
today's topic for the actual vlog is
going to be I'm gonna drama like high
school style retarded drama that I've
had lately and um contrary to the way I
look and what you might think your
preconceived notions of someone who
looks like me I don't like drama
I don't like eliciting or feeding drama
or dramatic shits it's just kind of like
dumb and childish to me really to start
drama or have problems with someone like
if I don't like someone I just avoid
them and they should have
that's just how it should work right but
um lately I've had two instances of like
Tim Tyson style drama that I think are
kind of interesting and I wanted to
share it with you guys because I got I
thought you guys might think it's
interesting also this is kind of a
pointless video so it was really better
right talk about but I found the bla bla
bla bla bla bla bla stuff from the last
fanservice Friday is kind of irritating
so I want to actually talk about
something so uh first instance of drama
I pad is there was this guy who I went
to a pretty this house and he ended up
making a rumor up that he quote unquote
fingered me and then I jerked him off
now anyone who watches my videos anyone
who knows me in real life especially
knows that first of all I don't just
jerk off it's called sucking dick maybe
adding hands that's not really something
I do I would never just give a guy a
handjob that's nothing when anyone asks
me you should do it Tara Texas with Tara
about handjob some length who the fuck
uses only hands it just doesn't make any
sense and then he talked about fingering
me I don't even like being fingered like
I literally don't like it I don't do it
to myself I either use dildos or I like
play with my clit or something but I
never one since I was like 14 or
something wanted to be fingered so it's
pretty funny that he's making that stuff
up and like um he's like spreading it
around and stuff and then like when I
asked him about it I confronted him in
front of my friends and he was saying
well what happened well it happens
actually maintaining that it happened
crazy it was insane and then he was
trying to back up the fact he's like I'm
like well even if it did happen you're
still like a huge loser for like
spreading it around everywhere
especially because what really happened
is I was hanging out with him while he
was talking about how insecure he is and
he said it is enough girlfriend yada
yada yada and then one I left he was
telling me that he was going to jerk off
for him like okay and I left and then he
came up like a half hour later so what
does he insinuating that like we did
some shit and then I left and then he
like slept and then came up it was like
really oh my god and I had like had any
kind of like rumors about me since I was
like middle school or something so it
was kind of funny that someone would act
that way and he's obviously no longer my
friend it's not about what he said or
what people think of me like I hardly
bothered by that I can give the shit no
really completely not my type and I
would never touch him with a ten-foot
pole I'm being honest it's more about
the principle in the fact that he is
just like basically making things up
about me that's like it's really like
Alf it's like making situations with my
friends II don't know more but um
another thing that happened recently was
there's this chick she's like kind of
pretty and she's like leagues better
looking than her boyfriend who plays
magic and she tags along because she's
learning Mataji she also draws a anime
as well I've heard I saw
markets in friggin and I was like she
was cute I told my friends that she's
cute and then um at one point I was
talking to someone about why I liked
platon blonde hair over any other blonde
hair and I said I just feel like it
should be platinum or not long at all
because I don't really like the darker
hues alone and that's why I like my hair
even though I'm a natural blonde and she
overheard and thought I was talking
about her even though I thought her hair
was like orange I guess it's like a
darker Orange II blonde or something and
she's so she messages on my private or
public Instagram image about Ashley
disappointed in me and I'm ignorant
minsky or something it was like kind of
a hostile comment and then I just let
her know that I wasn't talking about her
she's like oh I clears things up and she
was like all sheepish about what she had
done and I'm like yeah I'm glad we clear
that up and I'm glad we can now be
friends without like all the weirdness
around me and I think it's kind of
ridiculous that like sometimes girls
will be like oh my god it's another girl
in the community how should I act how
should I be and like act like it's some
kind of competition when it shouldn't be
it should just be like all of us having
fun playing magic or all of us having
fun playing a video game but a lot of
people are a little bit weird about that
especially women so that was that's it
that's the two instances of any kind of
drama I've had a long time I don't like
to start drama I don't like to you know
perpetuate it and make it go on longer I
don't like any of that shit so let me
know in the comments about you
different instances of drama in your
life recently I not have a lot of fans
who are in high school or who are in
college or maybe even younger who have
issues with people bullying them while
talking about them or rumors getting
around or whatever goes on you guys have
been dropping your lives let me know
that's it for this week's fanservice
Friday's video I hope you enjoyed it and
remember the topics are going to get a
lot cooler I'm going to put a lot more
work into them I'm going to test the
limits of YouTube a little bit more and
a really cool ideas for the future that
involve like actual photo shoots and
stuff like that so this series is only
going to get better I'm going to like
make you subscribe to the channel
remember this is all for you guys I
don't even get to monetize these videos
see you in two weeks
hi hey guys if you're Joyce my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supporting my youtube and live
stream and get some cool exclusive
content while you're helping me reach my
goals link is down in the description
thank you anything hopes pay their vlog
and fanservice lovers I just wanted to
let you guys know that I now have a
serious upload schedule every day is
going to be normal update and topic
blogs except Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday is sex 7 care
and every other Friday is going to be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming youtube at
youtube.com slash Tara bat Club games
and if you want to watch my gameplay
live don't forget to check out care
about TV or twitch TV slash care about
down subscribe and don't forget to smile
bye guys
