hey guys today we are gonna talk about
whether or not age matters and
specifically pertaining to having
relationships and sex and stuff like
that I want to apologize to all the girl
lures I have who might not have been too
happy about last vlog the one before my
Terry's comments I apologize I did my
best I'm not really an expert on that
kind of thing I don't really claim to be
but I'm trying to the best that I can so
if you guys have any other female
related or female only topics I would be
happy to follow up with those as well
because I feel good about and I wanna I
want to do right by you guys and I feel
like I really didn't and then my fucking
an SD card got full and everything just
went to shit from there so I feel bad
I'm sorry but okay so we already talked
about sexual maturity before and I want
to stress that we're talking about legal
relationships here where it's like 17 or
18 on like that kind of thing it's very
important that I you know people don't
say stupid shit in the comments like oh
will you know if it's 10 years apart but
we're in high school or some shit and
I'm not in high school you know what I
mean like that kind of shit that's not
what I'm fucking talking about I'm
talking about adult relationships so um
I'm gonna talk about my opinion on
whether or not I would date someone a
lot younger or a lot older than me um I
don't really okay so it's not really um
something that's cut and dry or set in
stone or anything like I don't usually
get attracted to men who are much
younger than me I would say like my age
or older it's usually what I go for but
I've never really gone for like a lot
older men either Trisha Paytas covered
this and said that she really likes much
older men and she has good reasons for
liking much older men like she says
she's not really into the physical
aspect but she really loves the sex and
the fact that the men have been places
and done things and her more mature and
they're kind of done with the whole like
because you know when you're at like 20
to 30 year old man's and in your teens
even like 18 to 30 you're gonna want to
pretty much just stick your dick and
anything that moves that makes perfect
sense you want to kind of experiment and
you want
gain that knowledge that you get from
being an older man and it makes sense to
me why someone who is not really
interested in looks and stuff would go
after an older man because he's more
mature he's got his life together
already he's not like struggling to like
find out what his career is gonna be or
where his life is not even that just
like makes perfect sense that he's gonna
be more confident and better in bed and
have more experiences to go off because
a lot of guys are an experience now for
me it's kind of weird because my entire
life I like to virgins I've had I like
if you're a virgin it kind of adds to
the sexiness for me and I don't know why
it's hard to articulate exactly why I
just think it's like Hankins like
blowing a guy's mind the first time or
like showing a guy how it's done or like
allowing a guy who hasn't had much
sexual experience just kind of like you
know take over me and stuff
I like the idea like I've said the long
a lot of times before I like the idea of
someone who's in the position to not
really be aggressive in bed or doesn't
really seem like he would be an
aggressive guy in bed kind of allowing
him to unleash his like hunter you know
animalistic side and I think that's
really hot like nerdy guys or or virgins
or guys that are in a position of like
law enforcement or in the military
people who are supposed to be more prim
and proper also like school teachers and
stuff that's like a big turn-on because
I want them to go all animalistic on me
and that's like a huge charm so I feel
the same way about like virgins and
stuff and there's that added aspect of
being like ooh you know I want to see
what he can release onto me whoo-hoo
that's fucking hot right um but as I get
older you know I'm like 25 now so as I
get older um there aren't many virgins
who are normal still so that's kind of
like it's it's a thing that's not gonna
really happen anymore
um and the fact that I have the
preference for older men but slightly
older like okay when I was 20 I was kind
of involved with like a 27 year old and
a 30 year old and that's pretty much
like the oldest I'll go like 10
with me or something but of course there
are different like there are different
exceptions I would say like when a guy
like if he's like a bodybuilder takes
care of himself this very fit and
doesn't at all of old then whatever you
can be almost 40 or something doesn't
really matter to me and that aspect age
doesn't matter an age doesn't strictly
matter in a way when you're thinking
about relationships are sex because it's
all based on like preference and for me
a younger guy is gonna be you know less
good at sex he's gonna be less of an
interesting person because he's less
like mature in that way like I want a
mature child at heart that kind of thing
so um it's kind of unattractive to me to
date a much younger man not that I can
date much younger I guess like a teen or
something is something I can go for but
I imagine as I get older and become more
of a cougar or more of a MILF or
whatever even though I'm never gonna
have a child so I guess I would say
cougar um I would go after younger men
and become an actual you know bona fide
cougar because you know I still care
about the way a man looks I like his
body and being you know better-looking
or whatever but the age-old question
does age matter or is age just a number
in terms of relationships I think it has
to do strictly with the person's
preferences like I said what turns them
on you know superficially and sexually
and all that stuff and also like how
they match up in maturity it seems like
a lot of women will go for older men and
a lot of men will go for older women
because they like that they feel like
they're on the same maturity level or
maybe they like the kind of like mother
or father figure where the person has
their life figured out and they can kind
of learn from that there's a bunch of
reasons why people who would date
outside of their age range I don't think
there's any problem with that at all a
lot of people will like to say that like
if a guy did - if a older guy does the
younger woman that he's kind of only in
it for the sex but I mean like everyone
is slightly in it for the sex everyone
enjoys sex and why not if you can find a
young woman who likes older men because
they like the experience in the maturity
and then he likes the fact that she has
nice perky tits and she's a cool chick
like why not it doesn't make
since why that wouldn't be a good thing
I mean you can learn from them you get
the physical aspects that you want like
women are less visual in the first place
so the it's very easy for a woman to
care less about the guy's appearance or
have a certain like George Clooney is
really hot type of thing like I've never
understood that but you know there are
women who find older men like 40s to 60s
attractive and that's perfectly fine it
doesn't mean she's in it for the money
and I think a lot of people are just
quick to judge like they look at the way
a situation looks or they've heard of a
stereotype that might be true and it you
know may or may not be but there's no
reason there's no right you don't have
the right to judge and there's no reason
for you to judge because basically it's
just another negative emotion or a
negative perception that you're putting
on something when you cannot factually
know anything without like a lot of
information and knowing that person's
life and even when you do know a person
really well you don't know every aspect
of what's going on so it's like it's so
pointless and so simple-minded and so
just ignorance to judge people you can
be like yeah it seems like that but keep
an open mind and that's perfectly fine
but people who come in like there was
this guy a couple days ago are maybe was
yesterday I don't know fucking days are
boring together for me it was like he
came in and he was like blah blah blah
blah this bitch doesn't know how to play
games she shouldn't be in the gaming
community and then someone's like yeah
well you're one of her followers so
clearly you're following her and making
her more popular which is a good point a
lot of the haters are there from video
to video or from stream to stream all
the fucking time actually giving me flip
of publicity but that's beside the point
anyway and then he goes no I've only
skimmed through this one video how the
fuck can you know something with that
much certainty from skimming through a
seven-minute video one time I think
doesn't make any fucking sense clearly
he came in here with a negative
disposition he's like I hate my fucking
life and I hate women that look like
this because you know I can't get them
they bullied me once I was screwed over
by one they've turned me down I've had a
bad day at work and they just come in
load this like unintelligent shits on to
other people that makes no fucking sense
whatsoever because you can't possibly
know the specific situation and they
think with only what they were raised or
their past experiences and they don't
even have an open mind to the fact that
there are a billion different people in
the world like a billion different types
of people in the world and every
stereotype does not ring true every
single time like stereotypes like I've
said million times
are you know something that is there
because it happens often but there's an
exception to every rule every single
time and to just be negative at all ever
like if you don't like something just
don't pay attention to it so - like
berate someone for dating someone on a
different age level you know it could be
preference it could be maturity levels
you know there are people who are very
old but still young at heart like in on
a maturity level or like in an
experience level it makes perfect sense
like a 4 a 40 year old virgin virgin
especially to be dating like a 20 year
old girl because they're both kind of
Virginie and they're learning together
that's fine or like someone who is more
mature learning from someone who is
teaching someone who's less mature or
maybe an older person being made to feel
young again by a younger person like all
of that stuff is valid you shouldn't
really judge anyone else's position and
as long as it's legal and snug writing
on anyone else and it's consensual it
just have fucking fun with it and do
what the fuck you want and if anyone is
trying to hate on you like it's pretty
weird a lot of people are like I don't
know how you put up with all the hate
it's like wait like when you think about
it logically just a random person whose
face you can't even place who his life
doesn't matter to you why the fuck with
their opinions matter to you like why
would some random person trying to bring
you down when you're happy with yourself
ever fucking work and it doesn't make
any sense to me and so many people say
that like I quit doing YouTube or I quit
doing twitch because of all the hate or
I didn't want to enter the gaming
community because of the you know
preconceived notions about women in the
gaming community if you really love what
you're doing and if you're really happy
with what you're doing
not gonna let anyone's like stupid hate
sway dissuade you from anything like you
just do your life like there's no one
else around except for the people that
you care about and fuck everyone else in
this you know basically all I have to
say like it's really funny because I'm
very I'm very ambivalent on a lot of a
lot of topics because it's like okay
maybe that'll work for them doesn't work
for me that's fine and I'm always very
open-minded about it and a lot of people
are like well she's just pushing her
views it's like I've never once pushed
my views I'm just telling you guys what
works for me and if anyone else feels
similarly maybe they can help to make
sense of their feelings and their
emotions and what they want and not feel
bad about liking the things that they
like or doing the things that they do
like younger or older women or younger
or older men just fucking do whatever
you want and fuck with society or any
random troll on the internet who's had a
bad day and wants to try to bring you
down with them says like I have never
once felt the need I've never met a
doctor or anyone's accessible anyone is
happy with their lives and it's clear
and they just go around like trolling
there's no other like content producers
and movie stars actors actresses all
that shit there's no one that like goes
and just like hates on other people for
no reason nobody has time for that and
they're successful nobody has their like
deep-seated hate and negativity like to
do that if they're successful it's just
like it's a very not successful and
intelligent person who's closed-minded
that does stuff like that's other people
so that's how you kind of regard them
you're just like do you mean anything to
my life
no do you bring anything to the table do
I even know you as a person oh fuck you
right so I'm gonna go now because it's
been a while I added a couple more tears
to my patreon campaign so at $3 you get
our early activism videos and then at $5
there's a model Monday thing where I
post an exclusive modeling or candid
sexy photo other vegetable stuff that
I'm doing I really like it because it
allows me a portal to talk to fans that
where it's all just like positivity and
could be words I get to know them better
like it gets like it you know chat back
and forth and it's not like a billion
people like it what
be about stopping - you know 200,000
subscribers or you know hundreds of
people like trying to give them the
amount of time so I can give the fans
that are the most supportive of me an
amount of time each day and that really
like feels great it feels like a little
community of people who are just
positive and it's a great place where I
can like get ideas for everything and
improve my content and you guys are
helping me it's just fucking amazing I
love it so much I'm really excited for
today's dream because I'm gonna go place
on losing my virginity videos and if you
haven't already please check out my
gaming youtube youtube.com slash terra
baap cop games I'm putting a lot of work
into it and I fucking love it and both
channels have a schedule now so if
you're confused also in two days or one
day now it's going to be my fanservice
Friday which is gonna be kind of cool I
think that the topics are going to get
cooler and cooler as time goes on but
yeah I'm gonna go straight now because
it is getting light outside thanks for
watching guys
