hello guys and welcome to a new episode
of Tara reluctantly reads your comments
remember this isn't every other
Wednesday things so I'm actually making
this on schedule oh let's go immediately
right now huh what the fuck I'm doing a
video yeah you jump with or without the
wagon cool it Tara Reid's comments dude
I don't need a timer are you fucking
retarded
this guy's fucking retarded anyway so
we're gonna start with the gaming
channel this time oh yeah you so get the
game you play like level 20 only reason
you get viewers is your boobs and you
have absolutely no talent for YouTube
such games like in order to play games
you have to be really good at them there
would only be like fucking 10 people in
the world playing games then someone's
really sad with his own life I'm sorry
buddy give you a little pat on the head
did she just say she's a challenger cock
blower why yes I did can you please
please please play road rash
dude road rash is one of my favorite
childhood games so yes as I've said
before in a video that I haven't yet
uploaded I actually learned the word
schmooze from road rash Road Rash 3d
high-five
damn teri you're hot no you'll eat run
down man I'm picking up guys all over
the place on this site through YouTube
comments it's like the new dating site
I'm not in this for the money I made
patron because I need money and I feel
like I deserve the sport because I
worked so hard if you're not in it for
the money then why do I need a patreon
you whore really because people need
money to survive I play games because I
love it and I want to make a career out
of it and everyone who loves doing what
they do they still need to make money
duh how about you gonna work for no
money like absolutely no money and then
tell me how much you can survive in life
I'm Miss Babcock and I love big veiny
German cock and big veiny german cock
loves you back Tara yeah
he's an old gamer though you should
change your name to old veiny German Cox
gamer I'm so excited I could poo I feel
the same way about the Final Fantasy 7
remake trust me it looks like most
people agree that Raphael is the best
Ninja Turtle high-five you guys um I
wonder who the least popular an integer
you are so fucking annoying and this
dumb comments you've actually achieved a
new level of irony make a video on
bandung Lal bandung rubber-banding rock
bandung can you elaborate fuck the games
look at those tips can I fucking suck
them no absolutely not
good video you are very beauty and you
are very thank you this is good shit I
like Japanese anime and they have this
style for storytelling that is different
from Yankee Gringo's basically it's very
entertaining so what's your comment to
thirst Lal thirst well I think I love
coming in third it's almost as good as
birth in second second sex can you
please do life is strange I love that
game yes in fact I'm gonna be doing it
soon so stay tuned I like how you said
no regrets about having sex I think that
is funny
I think you've led a pretty successful
life if you don't have any regrets
regarding sex it's where you fucked up
when you wake up the next day you're
like what the fuck did I just do
and you can't take that shit back she
mentioned QuickTime events in a game
that has entirely
choose-your-own-adventure
crush mark well I don't understand
QuickTime events can't happen in a game
that's choose your own adventure why do
you keep breaking up you have so much
bad words in this show I am just a kid
just two kids that doesn't speak English
well if you can take anything out of my
videos please take the grammar in the
spelling
what where
there's nothing wrong with it
either yeah yeah grass on top hey hi
ah thank you for the tight ad they
should have tried grape juice I have
literally never seen anyone comment on
the ads before on a YouTube video that's
pretty awesome
you we're so brave and then you tries to
put an emoticon an emoticon on a youtube
comment how sad attention whore detected
Calma Calma Calma if you really want to
have talent stop showing the boobs and
begin to create some real shit everyone
here doesn't click the video for you it
was for your boobs nothing wrong with
enjoying some boobs and some content and
the boobs do not detract from the
content in fact they add good content
interesting stuff boobs
just put that shit together Tara from
the bottom of my heart you look so geeky
and it's so cute ok so it's like it's a
small piece so it needs to be a tiny
tongue some more like that is that good
by the way thanks I kinda wish you had
show time there is a exact hair like
yours one exact hair just one alright
let's go to the vlog channel mm-hmm the
things you say like Jesus dicks and what
the dicks haha girl you funny there
should be a small book of terrorism's or
Babcock isms I just love listening to
you talk boobies are just a bonus a
small book of Babcock isms that shit
would be like so big now you tell me you
don't enjoy guys in their balls I've
made the video thinking of you okay you
drink too much coffee lols smile because
I'm going over the fucking rainbow uh
I'm just so fucking confused I don't
understand the can't touch with my
lawyer thingy would you explain how that
makes your lose value as a model would
you even understand if I explain it
further right don't worry about Mike
just trying to get into Tara Reid's
comments TRC and give you some
possibilities to promote patreon is this
comments stupid enough no Timur is not
stupid enough by the way he's a patreon
patron you should check it out at
patreon.com slash hair back up LOL i
like to get compliments you got me to
think dirty so compliments it's got the
quotes within the quote quote ception
I saw tits so I watched everything in
then I saw more so I'm watching one more
hahaha I like when you make vlogs on
caffeine I get all caffeine up and make
weird comments so my caffeination makes
you become caffeinated and then we
caffeinate weirdly together love you I
bet you won't respond to this I totally
just got baited oh my god hi oh that's
not it hi H oh there we go did it I
responded mm-hmm it's my birthday
moto con I can't see happy birthday
James Edwards birthday bounce you enjoy
that that's that's my shitty present to
you damn what a slut it's like people
don't know what the definition of sluts
lighting doesn't change your features I
believe people are ugly and any lighting
you're telling me what the fuck look at
this bitch jealous bitch me to come and
the backfired on her hi Tara I love your
videos and please don't stop making them
because I like to see a girl's sexual
open that like open boobs sexual opening
would be like the vagina right they
gonna open me up sexually yeah dude it's
hilarious
this guy is spending like his whole
fucking day commenting on every single
video and it appears that he is mad at
me because I've never had sex with a
black guy don't you have better things
to do than spend all of your time and
discontent about someone on the internet
that you don't even know actually you
know I take that back this is the best
thing you can do because it gives me
father for this fucking series oh all
right it is incredibly hot in here so I
think I'm gonna end that video there on
a positive note though thank you all for
all of the compliments that you guys
give me I read like a 90% of the
comments on every single video and if I
skip over the positive ones I usually
try my best to reply to them with actual
typing but if I don't thank you so much
I really appreciate the support the
viewership everything even the haters
the haters just make this video so much
better so enjoy and I hope you guys
appreciate the humor in it if there's
someone who was nice to me and I kind of
made fun of them you know people should
be able to take that I'm making fun of
them it's fun to make fun of people and
it's fun to make fun of yourself stop
taking yourself so seriously I know I
get one or two of those comments each
video where they're like oh my god you
should be nicer to your friends you
should have
our sense of humor i'ma help you get
there yeah see you guys in two weeks
with there is coming by too little oh
hey guys if your join my free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars and
support of my youtube and livestream and
get some cool exclusive content while
you're helping me reach my goals link is
down in the description thank you
anything helps hey there vlog and fan
service lovers I just wanted to let you
guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is gonna be
normal update and topics vlogs except
Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Tara Reid's comment
and every other Wednesday is sex doesn't
care and every other Friday is gonna be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara back club games
and if you want to watch my gameplay
live don't forget to check out Tara back
on TV or twitch.tv slash care about that
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
