hey guys what's up ok so today I'm gonna
do justice by my female fans and trying
to talk a little bit about getting a
boyfriend or finding a guy that's right
for you or something like that because
ten percent of you guys on both channels
are women and I have a lot of really
beautiful really amazing really
interesting female fans that I talk to
and i love getting like female patrons
female mods on my my twitch channel
female subscribers all of you guys are
fucking awesome and I really appreciate
you guys being here it's so rare to me
that I find a woman that I can actually
feel like I connect with on a level that
includes an intellectual level and a
level of interest in common things like
video games while also you know still
being feminine that kind of thing it's
kind of rare to have that total package
type girl right so I'm going to try to
do a video for you guys even if you are
the minority I really want to help you
guys out and hopefully give you as much
inside as I possibly can I feel like I'm
a little bit different than the norm and
I'm also okay so I've had a lot of
caffeine but I'm sort of used to
caffeine now to the point where I feel
like I'm my handshake and stuff but I
can contain the hyperness but it also
kind of messes me up so we're gonna try
to do this as thoroughly as possible so
i don't really i'm not really like a
normal girl so it's really hard for me
to understand how normal girls do it but
I've never really had an issue finding a
guy if I wanted a guy or getting a guy
if I wanted a guy and I don't think that
entirely is attributed to the fact that
I am you know attractive by society's
standards I really don't think that
that's the case I think a lot of it has
to do with the fact that I'm so open in
the fact that i don't really shun off
male interests things that are
considered you know like largely male
interests one thing that males are
interested in I'm not really interested
in is a sports so I'm going to try to
understand it from the point of view of
a girl who's not really into sports
because I see a lot of men who have
wives are a lot of men who
girlfriends and they're like especially
in the match community they're like oh
my god I wish I could get my girlfriend
or my wife into magic oh my god if I
could just like have her show that
interest in the thing that I love that
would be fucking amazing and a lot of
guys express that to me because they're
like oh you're a girl that plays magic
that's really fucking cool that you're
into it i wish my girlfriend was into it
and stuff like that that's it's a large
part of the comments i get about being a
woman in the magic community or in the
video gaming community they're like i
wish i could get my girlfriend to this
so my first tip would to be would be to
not be unsupportive of a man's interests
and to try to give in to them yourself
like there's a lot of things obviously
that you're not really into like if I
had a boyfriend or a significant other
or a partner or a friend even who was
like super into sports like I'll humor
him and you know I would go to a sports
game there are things about every single
kind of past time that you can find
endearing to yourself like for instance
I've always wanted to go to a Seattle
Sonics game even though the songs don't
exist anymore I'm hoping they come back
but a basketball out of all the sports
is really my thing and i'm talking like
regular team sports that people get
excited about like basketball football
soccer um football that kind of thing um
i know a lot of people hated because I'm
an American and I say soccer but that's
just what we say fuck you anyway um I've
never really been into team sports the
idea to me of football and people how
patriotic people get like i live in
seattle and the Seahawks have been doing
well the past couple seasons and
everyone is just like wearing seahawks
jerseys and the Fairweather fans are
like yes our team is doing well now I
support them and like that kind of
mentality is like completely idiotic to
me it's very annoying to see people who
don't even really like the team or don't
really support the team supporting them
when they do well it's kind of like the
mentality of society where if someone's
doing well you either are a fair-weather
friend of theirs or you want to hate
them because they're doing worse than
you and it's like human nature to be
that way and that's just totally awful
to me aside from the fact that all the
people in the Seattle Seahawks weren't
born and raised in Seattle they're kind
of just traded around throughout teams
and stuff it kind of makes it feel like
why should I be patriotic about this
half the team isn't from Seattle or more
than half a team 117 I don't even fuckin
know but with sports it's kind of like
politics and trading around and they do
well sometimes they do bad other times
and they do well because they
transferred some guy who used to be you
know part of the Lakers into chicago
bulls that kind of thing and it's just
like obviously I know that's basketball
I'm kind of intertwining all of the team
sports into one but that to me makes me
disenchanted about the whole team sports
kind of thing sports that I'm interested
in I like playing tennis I like playing
basketball I am a really amazing free
thrower like I actually went to a free
throwing competition when I was in sixth
grade because I was so well known when I
because I was so good at it and when I
got there I did not do well I fucking
choked it was awful and I did zero out
of ten and I do we get to the the
fucking finals or anything example but
anyway um I don't like team sports I see
the same way that I don't like League of
Legends type games where it relies
heavily on how well we work as a team as
well as how good the rest of the people
on my team are and that can be
frustrating sometimes but I also don't
like that the patriotism the people
portray is kind of its kind of miss its
it's like why are you acting like
Seattle's the best when it's just a team
of people that you've put from all over
the world but anyway that's the problem
i have with sports in general like that
but I I love I used to be cheerleader I
love cheerleading I think that a
competitive dance competitive
cheerleading is fucking amazing male
body building is amazing uh female
fitness competitors and figure
competitor as much because I don't
really do much but famous competitors
have like this really cool like they'll
dress up like a certain thing like
they'll be like a rocker girl or a
cheerleader girl do a bunch of like
really cool it's like a really cool
routine that requires you jumping around
and doing flips and stuff and obviously
I'm a fan of female bikini competition
because hot bitches who are fit in
bikinis like that as always that's a
thumbs up from me and other people are
out looking at a nice body is great
right um but I haven't ever really been
a fan as I've said of like the normal
sports that people watch I think Golf is
incredibly boring so if I had a
significant
let's get back on the point if I had a
significant other who was into that kind
of thing I would find things that I like
about it like oh I like going to the
games that's really cool seeing the
support of the fans and like being like
yeah having fun with it like I would
find things that I like about it and
then the fact that I like that person
and I admire that person like this
person is my my boyfriend my king my my
partner and if he likes this kind of
thing then you know I should respect it
because there's some merit in and
because this person who is so amazing to
me also likes it and a lot of women just
sit on their high horse and they're like
that's fucking stupid I like you know
shoes and watching golden girls over
that I don't even know what the fuck
wait and watch so it's like so
stereotypical of me and I'm sure I'll
get away with it because I am a woman
myself which is kind of silly but I'm
not that kind of woman I don't like to
just sit around the house and do things
that are considered girl things so it's
been really easy for me to relate to
guys that I'm attracted to because they
like video games because they like to be
active because they like you know going
to the gym that kind of thing and I I
can relate to all that and even if I did
find a guy who was into sports I would
find aspects of sports that I like and I
would support him in doing so I wouldn t
like why are you going to sports I don't
want to go like I would support him go
with him because i'm spending time with
him and people don't understand that
spending time with your significant
other or someone you like or getting
into the things that they like is very
important trying it out for yourself try
out the video games that he likes find a
way to enjoy doing the things that you
like to do together together and it's
the flip side for men to like men should
be more interested or at least try to be
more interested in some of the girl
things that are dumb that you know none
of them really want to do um I feel like
it shouldn't be as much of a compromise
as it should you should look at it in a
different way like I'd really like
relationships in terms of compromising I
like relationships in terms of you know
finding things that you like to do
together and reasons that you like to do
things that you wouldn't normally like
to do just because you're spending time
with that person if that makes any sense
so I'm the first tip that was verbose as
fuck it took me seven minutes to get
there I was talking about sports most of
the time I'm so fucking sorry is that
you should you know find reasons to like
the things that he likes not for just oh
I'm tagging along with him but try to
find reasons that the thing that the guy
likes is good to you as well you know
a really retarded sentence it was no
grammar there but um hopefully that
makes sense the second thing is like
women are too afraid to be blunt and
honest with what they want and I think
the biggest reason that I'm so
successful in having men that I want in
my life in my life is that I'm just kind
of honest with them like mostly okay so
what I start liking a guy most of what I
do is I'll message him I'll spend time
with him I'll talk to him I'll befriend
his friends and you know it'll be like
I'm interested in you so I'm gonna flirt
with you and I'm gonna be nice to your
friends and the people around you
because you know i'm i'm introducing
myself into your life and that's like
the sort of way you can like casually
start doing that what I basically do is
I'll message him and be like hey baby
was up and it'll basically be just me
flirting until I get a gauge for whether
or not he likes me too and I'll just
straight-out be like i like you i would
like to have sex with you or i like you
i would like to spend time with you like
that kind of thing just being knowing
what you want can be intimidating for a
guy but being confident knowing what you
want and going after it and getting it
can be very attractive to guys well like
a lot of guys will be afraid to approach
a girl whose comp confident so being
confident yourself just like i said four
guys trying to get a girlfriend is very
important having your life in order
being positive about things like if
you're a grumpy worrywart that's talking
about being sad and posting like
melancholy tweets and stuff where people
are just like oh not not more of this
like Oh having a bad day feeling sad
feeling fat live with the looking for
attention like that kind of thing it's
not attractive but if you're like having
a great life and not like focusing on
getting a boyfriend and not focusing on
things that aren't important that people
will gravitate around you because
confident happy people are people that
other people want to be around and
that's just obvious and I said that in
my last video but the same goes for when
a girl is looking for a guy you should
you know be confident be happy and when
you are comment happy on the flipside a
lot of men will be kind of like oh she's
not going to be interested in me oh she
already knows what she wants and
therefore it's theirs okay so there's
this thing in high school I don't know
it never happened in my high school but
I've seen it a lot on TV and at other
high schools there's something called
like a Sadie Hawkins dance I think or
something
and I don't know the fuck Sadie Hawkins
is our new no that's the correct name
but it's the dance where the gut the
girl asks the guy out because in
tradition guys are always having to
pursue women and women are getting the
pick of the litter and be like no thank
you no thank you oh I can just sit
around on my ass and do nothing no times
have changed this is fucking modern day
society women should go after the men
that they want to go after and they
should let them know that they're
interested in ways that just make sense
if you are too afraid to do it in person
like send them a like sexy message start
flirting with them start sexting them
whatever you want to do whatever you're
comfortable with just let them know what
your intentions are and don't beat
around the bush and don't be like don't
play the hard to get role don't but
don't like be too overly eager you know
like don't make it seem like you're
interested in like a bunch of different
people and that you'd like they're not
special like men like to feel special
men like to feel like you're interested
in them and they like to kind of take
off a little bit of that anxiety of like
what if I asked her out and she says no
she seems confident if she wanted me she
would probably come after me and I think
a lot of guys are a little bit
intimidated of women who are confident
but they're also really attracted to
them so you should just go for it is
basically all of the advice I can give
you I can't really put myself in the
shoes of someone who isn't really that
confident or doesn't really know what
they want so for me it's always just
been successful like to be like hey I
really like you you're really hot let's
talk or you're so cute at flirt flirt
flirt hang out with you hang out with
your guy friends try to get interested
in the things you're interested in and
if I'm not already but I've never really
had I've never sweet i usually go after
guys who are in the games and if a guy's
not into games I'm like less attracted
to them and that's like perfectly fine
to not be attracted to someone who has
nothing in common with you I couldn't
imagine really dating a fan of only
sports and not video games so like that
kind of thing it just makes sense to me
yeah hey guys beer joins my free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars in
support of my youtube and livestream and
get some cool exclusive content while
you're helping me reach my goals link is
down in the description
you anything hopes hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic blogs except
wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Terry's comment and
every other wednesday at sex 7 care and
every other Friday is going to be friday
night mail or fanservice fridays and
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my game play live
don't forget to check out tara babcock
TV or twitch TV / care about gun
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
