hey yeah I still have what should you
mind because I haven't hooked up my
lapel mic and I also haven't tried out
my shotgun mic which before just really
really sucked so I don't think I'm gonna
be using it it just didn't sound any
better than the onboard mic and the
onboard mic for this thing is better
than my last onboard mic so yeah and I
was the thought I would like have
different places that I shoot videos
since I could do that and since I have
got a whole set up for it I thought I
would try a different endless busy area
so try to over there with my giant magic
card but that wasn't good because I
couldn't find a good way to sit on it so
I'm sitting on my other couch that has
my new Tetris pillows and a bunch of
Mario stuff and yeah he's pretty cool
fucking right guys okay today we're
gonna talk about sexual maturity this is
something that I haven't really gone
over a lot but I know a lot of people
hate on me because I had sex so young
and to me it's kind of hypocritical and
kind of ignorant to talk about that kind
of thing because you don't really know
when someone hits emotional and sexual
maturity like we all at some point in
our youths become like a sexual person I
remember the first time I realized my
sexuality was when I was about nine
years old and as I told you guys before
as embarrassing as it is I had a crush
on Eminem and I thought he was
absolutely attractive and I had this
like black and white poster of him from
like some kind of magazine or something
I was like oh god he's so hot I don't
really know what to do with this and I
kind of evolved over a couple years
I've always felt in my entire life like
I was more mature more ahead to everyone
and development when I was in second
grade I wrote a whole script that was
based on a Monty Python skit and it was
something that I came up on my hammock
with a mound but it had like BBC type
elements in it because I got my a lot of
my childhood TV fix from Monty Python
and Fawlty Towers and a bunch of BBC
broadcasting and now today when you say
BBC you think bigblackcock and I'm like
oh facepalm I just want to kill you all
for not knowing anything about the
British broadcasting channel so um I
made this script I think it was actually
it was a it was actually one of the film
so they made the script after but I had
all the kids in my leg first just I can
go to class I don't remember which grade
it was like read out this script and I
made parts for each child and it was
like the teacher was blown away and the
students who were like far too stupid to
do it and ended up just being really
dumb and they couldn't follow the line
so I'm like what is wrong with these
kids and I feel like my entire youth up
until now I'm still thinking like what
is wrong with these people I remember
when I would tell people my favorite
actor was John Cleese some of the kids
were so underdeveloped that they would
say John cheese because they couldn't
even understand anything beyond just the
verbal recognition of the fact that they
know what cheese is and to me that was
just like what the fuck is wrong with
these toddler retards and I felt the
same way when I got into about sixth
grade fifth grade I was like I want to
have a boyfriend I want to see what sex
is like and people may become the
sexually mature before they come
emotionally become emotionally mature
but for me it was kind of like at the
same point I knew I had to protect
myself I wasn't an idiot about sex
I wasn't being badgered or pushed into
doing anything I didn't want to do in
fact if anything it was me taking
advantage of you know a boy my ages you
know sexual comeuppance if you will if
you will home but um you know he had
just started D Jack you lating and he
wanted to have sex you know because
that's you know kind of like a response
that comes from deep within it's not
really something you can you know he may
not have been emotionally ready for a
relationship but I was but he was
definitely sexually ready as far as
biology goes that that makes any sense
so the reason that you can't like have
sex with a child or the reason that
there's like if there's like a huge age
gap and the child is like 15 and you're
like 20 you're not supposed to have sex
with them because the law was instated
basically because you know you're not
maybe emotionally ready for a
relationship or a sexual relationship
with someone who is leagues above you
and maturity and who might take
advantage of you so it's kind of like
protecting children from being taken
advantage of by some
knows how to manipulate someone for sex
so that's why you can't do that but
everyone comes into sexual maturity and
emotional maturity enough to understand
what sex is about and understand a
sexual relationship and be able to like
hold one they all it's like when that
clicks and when that combines and the
person is ready and they're
experimenting with someone who's the
same age some there's absolutely nothing
wrong with that and Society has such a
retarded view on sex so much so that
like you feel like you can't come to
your parents about sex if you go there
and you talk to them it's very awkward
or you feel like you're gonna get in
trouble and if you make your child as a
parent feel like they're gonna get in
trouble if they come to you with things
that are kind of taboo they're not gonna
come to you and they're gonna experiment
on their own without any knowledge and
your support is not gonna be there and
they're gonna end up fucking up big time
and you could have just helped them by
being a little bit more understanding of
you know like once you were a teenager
once you were a child you had these
feelings you had these urges you had
these ideas and the curiosities about
drugs and sex why don't you like help
them to like learn that the things that
you wish you had learned you know back
when your parents weren't really
teaching you anything and saying that
sex is bad drugs are bad just don't do
it just don't do in general oh my god
well fucking adolescent kids and
teenagers even like younger teenagers
are gonna be interested in this kind of
thing and you just kind of have to be
like okay well they're gonna be doing
this anyway they're gonna be wanting to
do this anyway so why don't I Kait them
so that they're ready to do it and tell
them that you know don't feel pressured
to do it only do it when you feel ready
any people ready to be protected we want
you to do things like experimenting here
under a safe place rather than going out
into a party and getting like date raped
or something it's just that kind of
attitude that a parent has will make a
child more knowledgeable more
intelligent more mature and everything
it's just so much better than society's
being like whoa when I was 12 I was
thinking about comic books and video
games yeah well me too but I was also
thinking about sex and that doesn't mean
that I'm wrong or you're wrong it just
means that we develops different
we were raised differently or something
or we had a different culture around us
or maybe our biologies are just
different and there's nothing fucking
wrong with that and a lot of people just
think that oh she had six to 12 years
old she must have been raped no I was
with someone who was happier younger
than me we were in a relationship for
six months and I really wanted to do
this and he really wanted to do it and
was it the best thing ever no children
make mistakes and relationships and
adults make mistakes in relationship so
it's kind of dumb to say that a 16 year
old won't really know what they want in
bed when I'm 25 and I'm still not 100%
sure what I want in relationships or in
bed but I feel like I'm still evolved
further than a lot of society sexually
because I understand that these urges
are natural and I'm not ashamed of
anything about it and people can call me
all the dumb fuck names that they want
because they're ignorant don't
understand things but it doesn't change
the fact that I am happy with my sex
life and I'm experimenting and I'm
trying new things and I'm doing all the
things that you guys wish you could then
backs of your minds or because your
instincts tell you to do so well things
that you want to do but feel like it
would be gross or it would be shameful
or if I did it and people found out I
would be called the slut who gives a
fuck just do whatever you want and be
happy and that's something that a lot of
people need to learn so sexual maturity
happens at a certain age from like 9 to
15 and emotional maturity happens from a
certain age from like nine to thirty a
lot of people aren't emotionally stable
or mature enough to have a relationship
when they're over the age of consent
so the fact that there's like a 16 to 18
- maybe the 19 or 20 year old kind of
threshold where you're allowed to make
your own decisions for sex is a good
thing because you know when someone is
weaker than the others we kind of have
to as a society adjust so that we
protect the ones that are weaker that
protect the ones that are like further
behind in evolution so it's just kind of
like a baseline like 18 you can make
your own decision 16 you can have sex
with whoever you want as long as they're
within 5 years of you stuff like that is
kind of like the rule of thumb around
here and
cultures like maybe in like a European
culture that's more liberal you can have
sex at 14 because you know you're not
raised being sheltered so by the time
you're 14 you know all that shit it's
not a big deal and it's just it's based
on your biology how do you feel when
you're ready and what the law says and
when you just know those things and they
come together and it's like absolutely
perfect and you're just ready you should
do it you should never let anyone tell
you that you're ready or make you feel
like you need to do something that you
don't want to do because I know there
are a lot of people that are like oh my
god
I would never have sex with this age of
that age don't feel like you have to
know if you're watching this video and
you're like 14 to 17 and you're like oh
I haven't had sex yet should I start
doing it because Terra thinks it's great
no you should do it when you really want
to do it when you know that you know sex
is separated from love and then so the
person you have sex with you should
trust and it should be like somewhat
special at least and if you don't care
about it being special if you feel like
you can handle it kind of thing try it
out too mistakes are meant to be made
right we're all human so I just wanted
to talk about that a little bit I didn't
have any other the cool thing about
having this camera for vlogs is that I
can now have my phone in front of me
with like notes so I don't forget
anything because often I would be like
man I wish I like printed something out
then I feel like a dumb fuck who I
printed a piece of paper out so yeah I
hope you guys are enjoying this I'm
sorry for the sound the sound will
improve soon but I'm loving my new
camera and yeah oh hi guys hey guys if
you're enjoying my free content you want
to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars and supported by
YouTube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you anything
helps hey there vlog and fan service
lovers I just wanted to let you guys
know that I now have a serious upload
schedule every day is gonna be normal
update and topic blogs except Wednesdays
are gonna be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday at Terry's
comment and every other Wednesday is sex
7 Tara and every other Friday is gonna
be Friday night mail or fanservice
Fridays and don't forget to subscribe to
this channel as well as my gaming
YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara back
games and if you want to watch my
gameplay live don't forget to check out
terrible TV or twitch.tv slash care
about that subscribe and don't forget to
smile bye guys
