hi guys the camera is kind of far away
from me so hopefully you guys can hear
me but I wanted to do a vlog with my new
camera because i think it's fucking
amazing let me scoot over a little bit
alright so i'm using that 50 millimeter
or lens setting it's actually zoomed in
a lot so the cameras over there but i
think that's what most meeting
photography fucking whatever is to use
so i want to try that out um i really
hope you guys can hear me i really hope
so and i also wanted since I haven't I
don't know what the fuck talking about
let's just talk about some blogs hip
step I make it real close together real
quick it seems it seems good bro I don't
know fuck shit I don't know maybe it's
not bright enough when I'm over here but
anyway um I want to talk a little bit
about being an only child since someone
recommended that at all remember who it
was I'm sorry but if you can post down
on in the video and say yeah I was the
one that did it that would be pretty
cool I would appreciate that and
hopefully the cropping isn't too fucking
terrible because I'm far away but 50
millimeter it's a little weird I don't
know I'm still trying to figure out how
to use this Kim court so anyway um I
have never I don't feel like I have any
like weird social repercussions from
growing up an only child it's funny
because a lot of people say like oh you
don't learn how to share you don't learn
how to you know interact with other kids
it's really lonely and important that
children have brothers and sisters so
that they can you know learn certain
social skills that they wouldn't other
otherwise get you know being so isolated
but to me that would make sense if
you're like Amish and you don't have any
classmates you don't go to school you're
like home school or something I learned
a lot of things you know from my parents
and just I got a lot more attention I
feel like it's better to be an only
child than to be one of like 10 I don't
know I'm trying to have a lot of viewers
who are one of 10 and stuff
I'd like to hear your experiences as
well so like if you're an only child or
if you are the opposite of an only child
and you have like a 10-person fucking
family I would love to hear from both
sides of the story to kind of get an
idea of what both is like but for me it
was great I was spoiled yeah but I feel
like that's just because my parents had
enough income to spoil me I feel like if
a family has enough income to spoil ten
children they're going to spoil ten
children but um really I think what the
what they lack if there's a bunch of
children in the family is the emotional
spoiling and sometimes emotional
spoiling can make you may be
narcissistic or a little bit into
yourself and I don't know maybe that's
what happened to me maybe the fact that
my parents told me that I can do
anything and gave me everything I wanted
you know made me strive to get more out
of life when I finally working on my own
and working for myself hopefully that's
not too loud I should maybe go close the
door I don't know but um I feel like I
was raised very well my parents set an
example for me but they told me not to
really follow in their footsteps and
just do what I wanted to do and a lot of
people try to emulate themselves onto
their kids and try to live vicariously
through their children then I can be
very detrimental to like a lot of those
like little pageant girls it's not
necessarily bad for you to put your like
toddler into pageantry and stuff but it
can be if you're forcing them to do
something they clearly are not happy
doing and a lot of parents do that like
a lot of the child actors were kind of
forced into it because their parents are
too old or too washed up and they end up
not really having a childhood I think
it's very important to have a childhood
and I definitely did have a childhood
everything I did I did when I was ready
when I was ready to experiment with
drugs when I was interesting that I did
when I was you know getting horny and
ready to experience my sexuality I did
that and I had the full support of my
family who I didn't always tell
everything to because I didn't want to
get yelled at or scorned but for me it
was more like my parents would be like
hey you should be very fucking careful
and then kind of
to me from doing things that would maybe
promote that kind of behavior like I
wasn't allowed to stay out past 12 I
wasn't allowed to like take the bus
really far away from home I wasn't
allowed to like skip school or stay home
if it was obvious that i was you know
faking and that kind of thing you know
as long as you said the boundaries and
explain I feel like I would be really
good parent if I wanted to be a parent
but I don't want to be a parent I would
teach my kid that you should do whatever
the fuck he wants but that you know your
health and safety and the law come first
and I would teach them why not to do
things and I would teach them about
sexuality instead of trying to hide it
from that I think so many families try
to just like pie to violence and
sexuality from their kids and then they
end up being curious about it and
finding out fighting it out in the wrong
way and experimenting and being clueless
and totally burning everything like you
can become pregnant like imagine a
situation where you're completely
sheltered from anything sexual and then
your parents aren't helping you out and
the school is not teaching you correctly
and then you would go off and you like
you realize you're horny and you feel
like oh my god this kind of thing is
like I don't know what to do I feel so
shameful I don't have anyone actually
teaching me what to do so you go out and
what do you do you fucking pregnant but
you didn't know what you're supposed to
use condoms because you didn't know that
sex is a healthy thing you feel ashamed
of it and a lot of people are still
shaving children these days so yeah this
has nothing to do with being an only
child does it I don't really have much
to say about that I got everything I
wanted once my dad and my mom got better
jobs I when I was really young they had
an Atari which was way before my time
but that's what I played and that was my
first game console and my mom was a very
she had a weird childhood um some would
say a very bad childhood so she wanted
to give me everything that she didn't
have and that was a very strong stance
that she took so I could like walk by
and be like God you know what I really
want this kind of action figure or
something or I want two tails you know
song details whatever stuffed animal and
then they would go to the ends of the
earth to find it in my mama bed no you
can't have this and then I leave and
then like 10 minutes later champ come to
my room and be like okay if you clean
your room we can do it and then I end up
not cleaning my room and going to a
friend's house to spend the night and
when I come home the house is fucking
clean and I have my stuffed animal I
didn't actually work out like that but
that's often how it was like I i learned
to get my way too often and that was one
thing that kind of sucked because in the
real word world you have to like realize
there are some things that you factually
cannot get like you make a mistake you
can't get that home and back and i had
to realize that there are things I can't
change and push for and get my way with
and there are things that I absolutely
can't and therefore I need to just let
it go and that was something I needed to
learn myself but I it was never really
an issue for me like nothing being alone
was wonderful my mom actually adopted
one of my friends um when I was in
Middle High so i think was high school
when she adopted my friend because my
friend was being abused by her para ma
man her stepdad and she had a pretty
shitty life and she was like just taking
care of her little brother always and
never really had time for a social life
or anything else pretty much and she was
one of my best friends but I realized
living with her that I fucking hated her
after a while she became a totally
different person to me I don't know if
she changed or if it was just because I
was living with her and that kind of
like tested our relationship but we
ended up never talking again really
after she moved out and she became like
a huge bitch and it was just kind of
awful and I don't know so we just
stopped being friends and I feel like if
I had grown up all the way with her I
wouldn't like her but I would maybe have
that book like not paternal that
familial like love that people talk
about which I don't really understand
because like my parents were great and I
would i like them as people so of course
I you know love them but I can't imagine
the way
my friend felt when she was being abused
and sexually assaulted and being taken
advantage of by her family and she still
had missed her mom when spending time in
my house with my amazing fucking parents
that took care of her like crazy and it
was so ungrateful to me that like why
are you telling me used to love this
fucking bitch that allows you to be
sexually molested that makes no fucking
sense to me like you should you know
have more respect for yourselves how I
felt but anyway a lot of going around
and saying random shit about this topic
and I don't know I'm just trying out my
new camera so when they are down in the
comments if you want me to use this
camera for my blogging as well I'd like
to get the most possible use out of my
new camera because it's incredibly good
and the light is incredibly good and
everything just looks fucking amazing
and stuff but a lot of you guys do like
the very casual vlogs where I'm like
laying on the couch or something and I'm
just talking for informally there's no
cuts I mean they're still not going to
meet cuts I'm still just like talking
through but I don't know what you guys
like better say Adams you like the video
subscribe to the channel let me know if
you want me to use this camera instead
of other cameras for my just regular
everyday vlogs I can just use them for
like fanservice and other you know
content on my channel it's supposed to
be high quality and then for my vlogs I
can just do whatever feels most
comfortable or maybe I can even use this
but like not use all the Lighting's and
stuff the Lighting's the lighting I
don't thank you guys for watching and
again thank you so much my patreon
patrons who supported my content and the
increase in quality is all because of
you guys so thank you so much I love you
hey guys we're joined by free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars in
support of my YouTube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic blogs except
wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Terry's comments and
every other Wednesday at sec 7 care and
every other Friday is going to be friday
night mail
or fanservice fridays and don't forget
to subscribe to this channel as well as
my gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash
tara babcock games and if you want to
watch my game playing live don't forget
to check out tara babcock TV or twitch
TV / care about gun subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
