why hello guys and welcome to a new
episode of Friday night mail I'm using
my all-new equipment I have a new ring
light I have the soft boxes I still
always had and then I have my new Canon
Rebel t5i some super excited about this
video it's also very very bright in here
but fuck it hopefully my 8 gig memory
card will hold enough so we're gonna
have to this week hopefully maybe I
don't know let me know how you like the
quality and thank you so much again for
my patreon patrons who helps me pay for
this equipment I fucking love you you
guys are amazing I can't wait to make
more amazing quality content for you
guys alright the first thing we have is
this
now it says wish you were here renting
library opening celebration thank you so
much Renton library for sending me this
I'm glad to know that I was thought of
wait a minute box holder box holder is
my fucking name like I'm just some kind
of random person who has a box that's a
fucked up shit right there
fuck you Renton library alright it's not
a little bit of tomfoolery is over this
is the very first package that we have
here from Amazon Fulfillment hopefully
there is actually a name in here because
I hate not giving credit to the people
who send me amazing thing all right okay
oh my god it's a fucking envelope inside
of the thing what's the dick from mark
Hoover thank you Mark let's see what the
fuck this is it looks like he says
here's a hundred bucks on here hon
brother mark Tita thank you so much
let's open it up even though I know it
is goddamnit you spoil the surprise what
the hell redeeming your Amazon giftcard
awesome yeah this a little box dude look
at this box dude fucking camera it
actually shows you things I want it to
show you
but I have to wait a second for it to
come back into focus of me also if I get
really close do I look really creepy and
to high quality hopefully not full 1080p
HD next box thing we have here is
obviously a ps4 game let's open this
inside it says a gift from nathan adder
he is one of my patrons i love you so
much
hi Tara enjoy your gift from Nathan play
this so fucking bad on ps4 so I wanna
play it with Jo my Ellen show him that
this is a better game in the blood-borne
because he's never played any of the
Dark Souls games and neither have I
except for Dark Souls 1 which doesn't
really count it's pretty old but um I'm
excited to play Dark Souls 2 and this is
the scholar of the first sin edition
which just fucking sick oh thank you so
much think of it a little bit too much
caffeine
don't you guys think next we've got
something of squishiness I like things
that are very squishy hahahaha it's a
very Chinese package I like Chinese
positive usually means of some kind of
cool anime stuff or some cool shit I
like to shit oh my bikini holy crap I
don't know if I should like put it on
like that and then it's got its got
bottoms like that and it's nice because
I don't own any bikinis that I can
actually wear to a pool but this one I
can so that's pretty cool I don't know
shit should I wear it for the video
let's do it
this was kind of hard to tie I did not
know it was gonna be so difficult to
keep my booba shoes in here we've got
this big-ass heavy motherfucking thing
but it's gonna be easy to open because I
love these Samsung box it's so amazing
follow Lisa so first thing we have in
this big-ass package is murdered soul
suspect which is a fucking cool ass
fucking game you basically have to solve
your own murder which it's gonna be kind
of hard because I'm sure someone raped
and murdered me but I'm not the
protagonist of this game now am i and
once again this is Mark uber sending me
all these wonderful gifts so thank you
so much mark cheating we're fucking
amazing you're like 90% of this show
these days is Christ okay the first one
says hi Terry enjoy your gift from Mark
the second thing says hi Terry enjoy
your gift from mark mark you need to be
a little bit more creative Jesus Christ
okay this one this one is a little bit
more creative and it pertains to this
gift right here which I'm going to show
you next
I'm guessing to end up being the one
wearing the mask law from mark cheetah
oh my god we have got a fuckin choke on
mass that smells like cake weirdly
enough the Keeney clad motherfucking
shower on for the rest of this video I
decided pick up my box again I can't
really see much other than the fact that
hopefully my kids are still in the bra
but so fucking well so I lived off of
these fucking Sour Patch candy gums
because okay it's like dumb I've never
actually
so that's my best shao khan
impersonation okay I've never had this
liver before but I eat the shit out of
this comic this is the only time I eat
because my favorite candy in the whole
world other than nerds I guess is a sour
patch kids so it's good and sweaty in
this mask oh my god it's getting sweaty
in this mess from mark Hoover aka
marcheeta it's fucking gigantic you see
this and mark whatever store you bought
this from it's fucking stupid okay so
first of all the story about this boss
is that I have to drive like halfway
across the world was actually like 20
minutes late but I had to drive really
far to get to this box because FedEx
does not ship to peel boxes so remember
that if you want to send anything but
it's won't ship to me it's all have to
come pick it up - just fucking annoying
also they print right outside the box
but this fucking it and you know what it
says it's it's the perfect explanation
of what this fucking is it says
temperature it's 18 inch black outline
shape cushion set of five so I stupid
been sitting in my living room and
there's no fucking mystery to it
whatever fuck you just open Jesus dicks
fuck I'm a fucking loser man I should be
able to just open this shit no problem
but instead I'm having trouble all right
I can't live in there any longer I just
can't do it alright so we're in a full
amount of
after a limit pillow number one so
fucking cool oh my god I'm sorry I kept
oh alright number two it's the big long
one it looks like a fucking like a big
dildo a big blue dildo with like piping
on the sides Tetris official product
focused camera you know you will not oh
I like hit my fucking fan up there
that's crazy shit hey guys my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supported my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes
hey there vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is gonna be normal update and topic
blogs except Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday at Terry's comment and
every other Wednesday at sex 7 care and
every other Friday is gonna be Friday
night mail or fanservice Fridays and
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara bathtub games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out care about TV
or twitch.tv slash care about them
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
