hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara this week's topic is new
sex orgies and threesomes ah the stuff
dreams are made oh you guys may think
that this is something that only happens
in porn but sexual fetishes involving
three or more people are actually more
common than you think something many
people have done or would do
realistically
let's talk about the different kinds of
group sex threesomes or menage tois is
sex with three people it can be any
combination of genders and is the most
sought-after type of group sex this is
because couples often will invite
someone they trust over and men often
fantasize about being pleased and
pampered by more than one woman
sometimes it can be a woman that wants
to have sex with more than one man or a
guy who has sex with a girl with his
best guy friend hell I can even be all
girls or all guys whatever anything
about three or four people is usually
considered an orgy orgies can be
performed at sex parties which are
parties that are more or less anonymous
where a bunch of people are just having
sex freely throughout a building or in a
swingers party or a park or switching
party these parties are often also
considered orgies partner pairing can be
chosen randomly and kind of like the
pick the key out of the fishbowl type
thing or pairing can be done more
methodically group sex and orgies date
back to ancient Greece or even further
back then they were considered some kind
of ritual so let's talk about why people
might be interested in this even married
people or people in a competitive
relationship do like variety
many people consider sex a physical need
and not something that has to be
exclusive to one person so they like to
incorporate other people into their sex
lives some men or women like to be
pampered by more than one person or they
like to do the pampering and some just
like to watch other people engage in sex
life there are many different
preferences and fetishes that play into
having sex with more than one person the
most common of course being the man's
desire to have a threesome with another
woman one important factor in having
group sex is of course safety you want
to make sure the protection is always
used and that if there's partner
swapping involved that there's different
condoms use as well so while it's always
best to engage in sex with someone that
you know and trust
sometimes anonymity can be part of the
allure of group sex sex party should
require STD screening or mandatory
protection for all participants if it's
safe consensual and something you're
really interested in why not so let's
say you're interested in a form of group
sex how do you talk to your partner
about it my advice is to be honest the
more open and honest you are about
something
comfortable your partner will feel about
it let him ever know that wanting sex
with someone else or that wanting a
different kind of sex doesn't take away
from how much you love them or how much
you like having sex with them explain
that it's important to you to be
fulfilled sexually and that it'll make
you happy and turn you on also offer to
do something for her like partake in one
of her fantasies sex trust and wanting
your partner to be happy are all huge
parts of a successful relationship after
all now let's talk about me the only
form of group sex I've ever tried is
threesomes I think the reasons are great
and fun but they do take a lot of
planning as well you have to find the
right person communicate well with them
then you have to make sure you're
protected and that can be kind of a
hassle but I recommend it it's
definitely worth trying it's a lot of
fun alright that's it for this week's
topic like the video subscribe and let
me know which topic you want me to
attack with - Wednesdays from now post
in the comments also tell me about your
fantasies regarding group sex and your
experience with group sites if you've
had any and remember guys keep your mind
open and don't judge people for liking
something that you don't like experiment
enjoy and as always keep fuckin hey guys
if you're joining my free content you
want to keep my content flowing please
consider supporting my patreon campaign
pledge a couple dollars in support of my
youtube and live stream and get some
cool exclusive content while you're
helping me reach my goals link is down
in the description thank you hey they
hopes pay their vlog and fanservice
lovers I just wanted to let you guys
know that I now have a serious upload
schedule every day is going to be normal
update and topic blogs except Wednesdays
are going to be interchangeably Tara
Reid's comments and sex ed with Tara so
that means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday at sex editor and every other
Friday is going to be Friday night mail
or fanservice Fridays and don't forget
to subscribe to this channel as well as
my gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash
Tara back up games and if you want to
watch my gameplay live don't forget to
check out Tara Babcock TV or twitch.tv
slash care about done subscribe and
don't forget to smile bye guys
