hey guys so I'm warning you I'm a little
bit hyper today I had a lot of caffeine
and I'm just like them but it's going to
make some great fucking content happen
right let's just hope I just finished
recording game release news so if you
guys want to check that out it's going
to be out tomorrow through p.m. PST on
my gaming channel which is you did back
home slash Tara Babcock Games Europe mmm
go there motherfuckers okay so before I
go stream we are going to talk about how
to get a girlfriend and this is going to
be directly related to men getting girls
and not the other way around because it
seems like that most of my audience is
male and I think women don't have a
problem at all getting men and that's
one of the perks of being a woman in
society as I say a million times and
have said a billion times it will never
stop saying women have it pretty easy in
society sure there are some things that
men are like oh I wouldn't want to lose
to a girl or stuff like that but it's
basically just dumb statements that
don't actually hurt anyone so as long as
women learn to just take a joke and not
give a fuck what other people say they
have the power of sexuality they have
the power of being desired by anyone no
matter if they are into the most
attractive woman in the world
men need sex and want sex more than
women and are willing to sleep with
something that is not as attractive so
pretty much there's a man out there for
every woman and women can be extremely
picky and just I don't know they're like
a protected class it seems very easy to
be a woman in society especially if
you're even remotely attractive I'm
going to be maybe just putting my foot
in my mouth today because of how hyper I
am but anyway so I'm gonna give you two
versions of how to get a girlfriend
the first version is going to be the
morally correct looking for the right
girl you know the one you want to spend
the rest of your life with the way you
should do that and then the other one
afterwards I'm going to talk about the
disingenuous way to just get the wrong
girl at the right time if you are trying
really hard to get a girlfriend or you
just want to get laid or something like
that I also have tips for that so this
is just you know disclaimer I think you
should do the first one I think the
first one is vastly more important but I
also think it's very important to
experiment and to have sex with more
than one person in your life and have
those experiences under your belt in to
know what
the wrong girl feels like so that you
can find the right girl and know that
she's the right girl a lot of people
they settle down and they get married
with their highschool sweetheart or the
first person they've had sex with and
it's kind of like you're not tied to one
girl you don't even know what else is
out there how do you know this is the
perfect moment for you and that's
another reason why I don't really like
monogamy because it's like you know I
trust him and he is the one for me and I
know that because we both had other
partners and we both know that we are
right for each other and if I'm holding
him back from finding the perfect person
that happens to be better than me that
would be fucked up of me in my opinion
and there are a lot of other reasons
that go deeper than that so before you
judge that let's keep that topic for
another fucking day so the best way to
get a girlfriend a lot of people worry
so much about getting a mate getting a
girlfriend
there on dating network sites all day
they're worried about it and they're
looking for it and they're depressed
about it now I've said this many times
before but if you're really looking for
mrs. right instead of mrs. right now you
should be focusing on yourself focus on
improving yourself creating the perfect
life for you and girls will just fall in
your lap because not only will you be
more confident and you will won't have
all of those you know things that are
holding you back like oh I don't like my
job oh I don't like my appearance Oh
blah blah blah you're not not only going
to not be dwelling on looking for
someone so it's not going to feel like
it's taking forever
but people are going to want to
gravitate around you because you're so
confident and you're so positive and you
have a great outlook on life because
you've succeeded in life because you've
done what you wanted to do so working on
yourself and becoming happy and positive
and creating a life for you that you
want instead of dwelling on looking for
mrs. right now is so much better
she will come it will be an accident it
won't be something you're expecting
nobody really falls in love truly when
they're looking for it it's more about
being the person you want to be and then
showing that true person to someone else
who just comes into your life and it
happens naturally all of the good
getting together stories do not happen
with a harmony that's a bunch of fucking
bullshit
most people get together because they
happened to meet each other and that
person will be more gravitated to you
when you find the right person when you
encounter the right person if you're
happy and successful so instead of
dwelling on it instead of sitting around
on dating sites instead of you know
moaning and complaining that you're
alone go out with friends have fun
create a career be happy just do you and
be you a lot of people will miss their
opportunities in life because they're
dwelling on things that don't really
matter in that time in place and even if
you're like 30 or 40 and you haven't
found the right one for you then it
means it shouldn't have happened
and you shouldn't go looking for it
because you know when you're in the
mindset of going to look for someone in
your life you end up just like trying to
my fucking things moving stupid fucking
wind god dicks you end up just making
everyone seem like their missus right
sorry if that was too loud fuck okay you
know what I mean it's like you see a
girl and you're like okay she's
attractive and you're actively looking
for a girlfriend so you're like she's
got to be mrs. right and you start
romanticizing everything about her and
it becomes that you overlook the flaws
because you are just so entranced with
the person that you want her to be that
kind of thing is like it's
counterproductive and you're gonna end
up getting hurt and a lot of people end
up going through a lot of boyfriends or
going through a lot of girlfriends
because they're mr. and mrs. right now
instead of right because they're trying
so hard to get a girlfriend so work on
yourself if you don't like your physical
appearance if you don't like your status
and jobs if you don't like you know
where you at where you're at in learning
education just work on that and someone
will come once you've become successful
and once you are happy with yourself and
I don't mean like gold diggers that's
that's the topic for the second half of
this video I mean like people who just
see that you are happy with yourself and
that you are ready to settle down and
actually commit to someone else because
you've succeeded and done things with
your life if you've spent your whole
life looking for someone you're gonna
end up becoming jaded because you've
gone through so many retards and people
that you shouldn't be with that it's
just like not worth it does that make
any sense okay let's get to the second
part of this video the fun part okay so
if you're looking for mrs. right now she
is not probably gonna be a good person
but hey you know it can happen it can
happen that you find some great person
through all of the ridiculous avenues
like going to a club or getting on
dating sites
and you know you should have the correct
mindset when you go into that kind of
dating you just want to experiment
sexually you want to see what's out
there you want to be free and single
while you're young all of these things
are perfectly fine and there's nothing
wrong with that but if you are looking
hard for a mate that is a life partner
that you want to settle down with that
you actually respect that you view as a
best friend that doesn't come overnight
and that doesn't come from a dating site
dating sites are primarily for people
who are actually just looking for a
quick relationship or quick hookup and
that's a recipe for disaster and on the
dating sites
everyone is just lying about things
they're only showing the most attractive
parts of them a lot of people will put a
picture of their face if they're fat a
lot of people will talk about only the
good things and leave out the bad if
everyone made an honest dating ad it
would be like hi I'm a sociopath I only
want sex I don't give a fuck about your
dog or your career please just drop your
panties but no one's gonna do that
everyone is just saying you know yeah
I'm a business major I my dad is rich
look at my sexy selfies oh and it just
becomes pretty much about mating and not
actually about dating and whether or not
people are aware of that or not it's
it's just a fact so if you want to get a
girl for right now for experimentation
you need to pump up your appearance you
need to say only the positive things but
remember that you can't keep that going
forever you can't create the basis of
trust the basis and foundation of a real
relationship based on you trying to
sugarcoat yourself and make yourself
look better that's just not going to
work so talk about all the good things
about you
be confident act confident if you're not
you know you can fake it until you make
it and that will bring more people in
toward you talk about the things that
you're passionate about but make sure
you sell it don't be don't be insecure
about it don't be like oh yeah I know
it's nerdy but I like Warhammer just be
like fuck yeah I'm a Warhammer champion
bitch you know I just own things because
doesn't matter what your stance is in
life if you seem confident people will
gravitate around you
and if you're not confident fake it
doesn't matter go to clubs use dating
sites make that your focus use it as a
hobby but don't forget your sites and
don't remember that that's not going to
last forever or don't remember that
that's don't forget that that's not
going to last for the fuck am I talking
about I think you get what I'm trying to
say hopefully I'm like me today but
trying to make an interesting vlog and
hopefully I am so women like money it's
true you're not going to get a girl like
me doing that because I'm not interested
in money I have my own money I have my
viewers who support me I don't need
someone to support me and I don't want
someone to support me it's very weird if
anything I like to support my man in any
way that I can especially when it comes
to cooking cleaning sex etc um make it
seem like you're interested in what
she's having to say keep a conversation
going if things feel awkward just make
jokes laugh be funny girls fucking love
funny guys if you can make her laugh
you're probably in her panties and make
sure you groom well grooming is
important but you don't have to be like
clean-cut like you can have a beard you
can be a rocker type guy with tattoos
and piercings just make sure it's kind
of weird and hard to explain with things
fallen over again but make sure your
style has kind of a point to it you know
just don't just be like the guy who
wears like basketball shorts and the two
big stretched out rocker shirts and like
five o'clock shadow that's all patchy it
just looks fucking awful and it's gross
actually have a method to your madness
women love having a point to your style
you don't have to be buttoned up and
completely prim and proper you can be
like a certain style as long as you have
good hygiene practice good hygiene all
the time this is important no matter
what make sure you have you know clothes
that fit you if you have a really fit
figure you can wear really tight clothes
but if you don't don't
and either way don't wear super super
baggy things unless you're looking for
the kind of girl that likes the hip-hop
kind of style then at the same time you
want to press your clothes make sure
they're clean
make sure you smell nice but not too
much cologne girls don't like too much
cologne it's
you awful make sure you have breath
mints make sure you brush your teeth
make sure you take a shower every single
day just make sure your hygiene is on
point and make sure you are at least
faking confidence because that will be a
deal-breaker if the date becomes awkward
and remember that there aren't going to
be that many girls who say that they
want to have like four dates or seven
days before they have sex they're going
to be interested in just having sex with
you they're going to be interested in a
long-term relationship a lot of girls as
opposed to men are kind of ignorant to
the fact that dating sites are not
actually for finding a soul mate
sometimes you can accidentally finally
find a soul mate but it's not it's not
typical so if you talk about all your
high points you charm her you laugh you
fake it until you make it you have a
nice style that you know represents you
but also doesn't represent that you
don't like to shower and just keep
trying develop skills that are
interesting like dancing like anything
that you can do cooking cooking is a
good one because if you can cook for her
that's also good all right I think
that's that's kind of good it's good
enough for me being so like blaow on out
of it but thanks for watching let me
know if you are more of the looking for
a long-term girlfriend type thing or if
you are more of the I want it right now
I want to experience life and I want to
reiterate again that there's nothing
wrong with wanting to experience life as
a young person before you go into
actually having a relationship and
settling down in fact I think it's
unhealthy if you have your first
girlfriend be the last person you sleep
with that just doesn't make any sense to
me
how can you fucking know she's the one
for you when you have just turned off
all other options immediately in life
that's not that's like saying you watch
one TV show and you're like that's the
only TV show I'm gonna watch for the
rest of my life there's nothing better I
know it that's like retarded actually so
there's nothing wrong with that as long
as you're not leading people on in such
a way where you're like yeah I'm looking
for kids in marriage too and then you
just leave her after sex let's fucked up
don't do that
be honest with people say this is what I
want but say it in a way that you know
is attractive all right hi guys
picture hey guys we're joined by free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
in support of my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything hopes
heythere's vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topic blogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex heads with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday at sex settings here and every
other Friday is going to be Friday night
mail or fanservice Fridays and don't
forget to subscribe to this channel as
well as my gaming YouTube at youtube.com
slash Tara bat top games and if you want
to watch my gameplay live don't forget
to check out Tara bad TV or twitch TV
slash Tara gun subscribe and don't
forget to smile bye guys
