hey guys today we're going to talk about
my character flaws and I'm trying
something different with the lighting um
it is not light outside you more but I'm
putting one of my soft boxes outside and
and shining it through the blinds to try
to emulate natural light and it doesn't
look as good as naturally does but it's
working my videos lit up and I can sit
here and not hold the camera and stuff
so that's cool um second of all my hair
looks really stupid I know but I kind of
like it it looks like a modern Princess
Leia dynode a new guy doesn't like it at
all he's like no you're here down but um
I saw a girl on Instagram do it and she
looked absolutely adorable and I don't
look as adorable as her but I wanted to
try it anyway and it's nice it's like a
summary modern Princess Leia looks sexy
yeah okay so um first I want to preface
this by saying that I already made this
video like two days ago and said not to
upload it and at first i was like this
video is fucking shit I didn't think
about the topic at all I didn't really
think about all the points that I wanted
to talk about and that's not like me I
spend a lot of fucking time talking
about or thinking about in my head all
the things I want to say in my next vlog
and all of the things I don't want to
leave out and I actually obsess over it
and I didn't this time I was like you
know what I'm just gonna fucking go with
it Yolo man right and that's she's not
like me and it was a really bad video
and I didn't like and it didn't capture
anything and I ended up just talking
about things that I feel other people
would think ur my character flaws but I
didn't actually think there were flaws I
thought they were good and interesting
things about me so um I didn't like the
video at all and then I went to a
tournament i'm at to turn him am not i'm
gonna talk briefly about this because i
know a lot of you don't like to listen
to me talk about magic cuz a lot of you
don't play magic but um I was a fucking
portal portal I was a chordal a wardle I
was a Wartortle I was a quarterfinalist
and it was out of a hundred and ninety
fucking people I I actually I qualified
for an invitational I got 200 bucks I I
was fifth through eighth out of a
hundred and ninety people and it's
fucking crazy right I did this and while
I was doing it I reminded myself of my
biggest character flaw which is what I'm
gonna make the topic of this video be
about so I'm glad that I finally thought
of I had a life experience
and Life Achievement where it made me
realize what I should actually talk
about this video and I'm very grateful
for that so the other video that I did I
it's not thrown away I actually uploaded
it to patreon for all of my patreon
patrons it's really cool because it's
like a community where there's no hate
at all because people actually do want
to support me the people that are on
there so I just give them extra content
when I can i really like that but um
anyway let's get started so my biggest
character flaw ever is not trying hard
enough and it's funny because there have
been a lot of things like a lot of
online like poles and all online
contests that depend on pushing yourself
out there and asking people to vote for
you and going above and beyond with your
fans and having a bunch of fans that
just want to support you and I never
thought I had that so I never tried
really hard to do like um hometown
hotties like I did hometown hotties and
I qualified but then I never really
tried very hard to get people to vote
for me because it was like some asian
girl over there has her a hundred and
fifty people in her family and millions
and millions of fans and stuff and
nobody's hating on her of course she's
gonna win and it doesn't even really
matter who the best person for the job
is or who the best person for the
nomination is it's just based on how
many people will click yes or what you
can do to bribe people to do that and
first of all I find that to be a little
bit shameless how you have to ask like
please please vote for me please over
and over again daily it gets kind of
redundant and kind of annoying and I
feel like I would lose a lot of
followers now would alienate a lot of
followers because people would be like
why the fuck is this bitch so annoying
with this one thing and you know what is
it exactly that makes you want to follow
her and there was another online
tournament that I did for it was an
online tournament that's funny an online
contest that I did for maxim's gamer
girl or something like that and I did it
back when I was uh when I was doing a
lot of starcraft and i didn't win
obviously because I didn't have the
biggest fan base and it doesn't matter
whether or not I would represent them
the best it mattered only that I had the
most loyal and most positive fan base
and I don't I feel like I bring in a lot
of hate because I'll talk about things
that I am there that are very blunt and
will alienate some people but the in my
opinion is just my insights and I'm not
afraid to say and I'm not afraid to
stand up for myself and my actions
the way that I feel in the way that I
think and that's something that can turn
a lot of people off whereas the next
girl might just be very very likable and
like yeah I love everyone everyone's
great and everything's perfect yay and
it's very fake but yet they will still
garner more votes because you know
that's just the kind of thing that will
not never alien anyone you know you
don't talk about religion you don't talk
about you know gender issues or feminism
or race or anything that could alienate
any kind of group you just you know put
on our fake persona and do what makes
you get most views and that's not me at
all I I'm 100-percent myself even if
some things about me might garner more
views than some other things like the
fact that I have to the fact that I like
to dress the way that I do that is
actually me that is what makes up who I
am and I do it off camera just as well I
don't do anything that will bring in
more people that is disingenuous to me I
am fuckin who I am and that's who I
showed you guys and I think that's also
what makes me have the most loyal in the
most amazing and insightful and
intelligent fans and I wouldn't trade
that for more fans definitely it's like
the people who want a lot of friends as
opposed to the people who want like just
one or two really good friends and
that's how I am as well in my personal
life so anyway um I'm not that was a
really long intro but basically what I'm
saying is that's not really what I'm
talking about I'm talking about going
above and beyond and trying to be the
best and everything I view myself as
someone who is a jack-of-all-trades a
master of nothing and it sucks because
I've always wanted to be really fucking
bad ass at something but anytime I get
anywhere close to it I freeze up and I'm
like don't let myself care too much and
if I don't care too much I'm not gonna
do my best obviously if I don't put my
all into it and I'm just like I will cry
if I don't get this and just allow
myself to get emotionally attached and
allow the emotions to drive me then I'm
not going to be the best that I can be
but if I allow myself to do that and I
fail it will be devastating to me and
that's why in my entire life my biggest
character flaw is I have never given
anything that where I could completely
fail my all except for this fucking
gaming thing this trying to live off of
gaming
and stopping doing the things that I
don't like as much like modeling all of
that stuff is it was kind of forced upon
me like Jay lost his job and then I was
like this is the best time to try to see
if we can live off of this this is the
best time for me to try to follow my
dreams and I'm very happy that I did
that I'm very happy that I'm now forcing
myself to give it my all and it's funny
because I have been in this situation
before where i was going to top it i was
5 01 @ a ptq and I allowed myself to get
emotionally invested a little bit and
when I started losing I almost started
crying and I was like no this can't be
it felt like my world was crashing down
around me and I'm like no I can't do
that anymore so when I was doing this I
was like whatever I'm just gonna try in
the top eight a little bit and then I
just fumbled up and then afterwards I
was like whatever and I didn't really
let it hit me and I'm you know I'm
borderline disappointed in myself yeah I
wish I had done better i wish i had you
know focused more and not allowed
outside issues to stress me and not
allow i should have gone and eaten i
should have given it my all so that
afterwards I could have said I gave that
my all one hundred percent and I can
never do that I don't know why something
stops me like the fear of failure
completely stops me from doing that ever
and it's ridiculous like there was one
time where I gave it my all uh it was
for the Miss Summer Jam contest and
summer jam is like a concert here it
usually happens at the gorge but this
time it was at the amphitheater the
White River amphitheater I don't know if
you guys are indigenous to Seattle but
uh if you know those words that means
you kind of grow up around here but
anyway um it's a big thing that is like
when I first started out modeling I
would do stuff with radio stations and I
would do stuff with like at hot import
nights and I was like a car show girl at
first and i did this contest where you
get a thousand bucks and you get to be
like the the Miss summer jam it's like a
pageant but it's for like a rap concert
you know so um I gave it my all I had a
really hot underboob costume with a
schoolgirl skirt and I took off the
underboob costume on stage to reveal
like pasties and I ripped off it was
like one of those side side velcroed
skirts and I ripped that off and like I
had
and I dance now the goo and during the
whole concert before the actual contest
i was like handing out flyers and I did
ten times more than any other girl and i
ended up losing it to this like
overweight black chick who didn't even
interact with anyone and was a real huge
bitch she was ugly on the inside and out
i can say that for a fact nobody else
liked her and then there were like there
was another blonde girl who was really
cute and there was a fit brunette girl
who was really pretty and those two were
like beautiful inside and out and they
were like last place and it really felt
to me like it was racial profiling
because you know nobody likes the fake
white girl everyone who you know listens
to rap or whatever likes hip-hop likes
the you know black chick or whatever who
looks like she's into hip-hop or
something and that's really how I felt
it's like I don't know if that's gonna
offend people or not but that's actually
how I felt and that's like what everyone
was coming up and telling me like you
got gypped it was like rigged and that's
when I that's when I started actually
realizing that yeah I'm never gonna win
anything like that there are too many
people who were gonna hate me there are
too many people who are gonna hate me
just because of the way I looked and I
kind of instead of being heartbroken
about that even though I came in second
place but I didn't get anything for it
and um instead of being heartbroken I
just you know realized that was kind of
the politics of the game but when it
comes to something like magic the
gathering or Starcraft if I could give
it my all maybe I could be the best the
best of the best right and it would be
fucking amazing and it would just be
like nobody can talk shit about the way
I look because the way I look we'll just
be another thing about me because I'm so
fucking good you can't devalue the fact
that i'm so fucking good based on the
fact that you know you think I look like
a slut or it goes against your morals
the way that I act or talk or the way
that I live my life I'm just fucking
good and you can't take that away from
me and I've always wanted that feeling
like I'm always kind of good at stuff i
can so i can do HTML CSS i can draw I
can do fucking graphic design I you know
I'm a businesswoman I handle my own
fucking bookings I worked with my own
legal documents for modeling and I do a
bunch of shit but like none of them not
really amazing at any of it and I
be amazing at something but that is my
biggest character flaw not allowing
myself to give it my all for fear of
actual failure and I feel like I get so
close to being better than average and
then just make myself stay at average so
that i'm still a quarterfinalist and I
don't know if I'll ever be able to be a
champion I don't know I'm afraid that if
I do give it my all I won't be amazing
and I'll just end up being like everyone
else and then I'll know that there's no
possible way for me to ever get there
and that's something that scares me and
I've always just kind of been content
with being a little bit better than
average at a lot of things and amazing
and nothing and I don't know maybe I
should work on that so what do you guys
is biggest character flaws I like this
video so much better even though the
lighting isn't as good and it was a
little bit verbose and I don't know if I
actually prefaced it well but I fucking
quarterfinals yeah if you want to know
more about this tournament I actually
posted I'm i posted a full gaming blog
on my gaming channel all about the
tournament and the cool stuff that I
gotta show off the playmat and I show
off my new deck box and it's pretty cool
so if you guys are interested in that
story you should check it out I don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel thanks for watching my vlog
where I divulge my deepest darkest flaws
and secrets to you guys I also did a
video on physical flaws too so if you
want to find that search that on YouTube
it's kind of old maybe I should update
it I have like the red hair that I had
when I did it too which is pretty crazy
all right let's take a let's take a
thing
bye guys hey guys if you're enjoying my
free content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and support of my youtube and live
stream and get some cool exclusive
content while you're helping me reach my
goals link is down in the description
thank you anything hopes hey there vlog
and fanservice lovers I just wanted to
let you guys know that I now have a
serious upload schedule every day is
going to be normal update and topic
blogs except wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Terry's comment and
every other Wednesday is sex 7 care and
every other Friday is going to be friday
night mail or fanservice fridays and
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my game play live
don't forget to check out tara babcock
TV or pushed on TV / care about town
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
