but the sir idle ones are the best kind
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
and welcome finally to a new sex stories
video today is gonna be about the
professional bodybuilder but first this
video is brought to you by the brand new
logic and reason pillow from my merch
store this is an original design based
on Vulcans and the fact that I like
logic and reason and facts of her
feelings and pretty much every product
on my store that has it back has one of
my pixelated hearts on the back as well
I love this thing I just got this in
it's like one of the first samples I got
and it's so squishy and cool and the
printing is just so high-quality I
really love it I am wearing one of my
old merch shirts I don't have any of the
new ones in yet but once I get all of my
samples in I'm gonna be doing a full
video talking about my merch and giving
you guys some money off but today if you
want to click the link in the
description that link will get you 10%
off anything in my store the link does
direct to the pillow itself and this
pillow by the way comes in like a bunch
of different colors but if you're not
interested in the pillow and you want
like a hoodie or a shirt or something
you can also get that and you get 10%
off if you click the link in the
description thank you Tara for
sponsoring this video all right let's
get into the video first off I want to
preface this by saying that the person
is intentionally left anonymous in fact
we're gonna come up with a name for him
right now and I'm thinking let's go with
Tychus the Tychus pseudonym is apropos
for my Taryn necklace today so I think
we'll use that one if I don't choose a
pseudonym now and stick to it I know
I'll end up saying his real name that
I'll have to go through bleep all of his
real names out and I'm sure I'll leave
one they're not bleeped out and in this
video in particular and anonymity is a
little bit more important to me because
this guy has a wife and kids and with
this story my intention is not to rock
the boat any more than I already have
also I would say that I was a little bit
hesitant making this sex story because I
want to do it right first of all it's
kind of a really important story in my
life because I would say that this guy
is probably the guy that I liked and
respected as a person second most out of
all the guys I've had any romantic or
sexual experience with either him or my
first boyfriend who I lost my virginity
to who spoiled the shit out of me and
was a really good guy I will often go
after or fuck guys that I don't
necessarily care for personally like
there
really friends at least but I don't like
love their personality this guy is
actually one of those exceptions where
he was a great guy we got along really
well and I felt a lot of chemistry that
went beyond the physical so on a scale
from one to a hundred if J is a hundred
then I would say this guy is maybe like
a 40 so there's still like a huge gap
there between perfection of personality
from J to him but then from him to like
most everyone else I would say everyone
else is probably like a 20 or below
anyway so let's start this harrowing
tale of lust betrayal infidelity and
ghosting I personally think this story
is very movie-esque and actually a
pretty good story so hopefully I don't
fuck it up because I'm a terrible
storyteller
so let's flashback to when I was 19
years old I had a perfect fucking body I
had just started modeling less than a
year before and I had just moved in to
my first apartment the apartment that I
lived in before I lived in this house so
I've always been into muscle and
masculinity and even before I knew JJ
was into fitness and bodybuilding and
when we moved into the new place he got
a year subscription to a specific
bodybuilding magazine so even though
I've always been into big manly guys
there was a certain aspect of
professional bodybuilding that I didn't
find too attractive and that's when they
get down to like competition weight
where they're absolutely grainy and dry
and as much as I like vascularity and
penises and and muscles sometimes it can
be taken a little bit too far when you
get the crazy squirrely veins that a lot
of the IFBB pros gets now I've built up
kind of a like I don't give a fuck about
it it's interesting but back then I was
a little bit grossed out by it so what I
liked was guys that were as big as
bodybuilders and kept pretty lean but
had that layer of fat over it so it
didn't look so grainy and dry so I was
kind of make fun of J for liking this
aesthetic where they're like super dry
competition-ready and therefore he kind
of got the opinion that I wasn't really
into bodybuilders or bodybuilding and
that kind of made him want me to get
more into it so he was like pick a
favorite bodybuilder and I remember
telling him that like yeah there's a
bunch of guys who have like really good
bodies but none of the IFBB pros
actually have nice faces none of them
are like the total package where they're
kind of tall like a lot of them are
either short or stocky or don't have the
proportions that I prefer in a man or
they have like a really ugly face and so
J had me going through one of his
magazines trying to look for my favorite
bodybuilder because he thought that
maybe I would get more into it if I had
a favorite to root for so I was just
looking through the magazine and I found
add and there was this like super hot
guy with a really cute face and he
wasn't in competition shape he was in
his offseason so he wasn't like as
grainy had really nice proportions and I
was like this guy this guy's my favorite
bodybuilder is he a pro so Jay told me
that his name was Titus and he was an
NPC bodybuilder meaning that he is
amateur but he's in the running to win
an MPC event and then get his pro card
which makes you a pro IFBB bodybuilder
so I was like okay close enough he's
definitely in the running and big enough
to at least sometime in the future be an
IFBB Pro let's go with that guy so from
that day on I would always say that
takis was my favorite bodybuilder and it
also just so happened that that
particular magazine was sponsoring
Tychus so Tychus was like part of their
team and often had like advice and Q&A
articles in the magazine so anytime that
Jay would come across one of the
magazines featuring Tychus he would
always like tell me things that Tyco has
said stuff that I would be interested in
and one of the things that Jay and I
found the most funny about Tychus was
that he was an avid ass-kisser of his
girlfriend I don't know if you know this
about a lot of guys but I've noticed
this over the years that men who tout
that their girlfriend is the only one
for them and they don't even look in the
direction of other women those guys are
usually the sexual deviants that are
fucking around on their women because
they're being disingenuous and they have
a girl more often than not that's like
super strict and requires that of him I
remember a specific article that made me
laugh where the interviewer was asking
Tychus if he thought X celebrity or Y
celebrity was hotter and Thai kisses
super-crunchy response was neither I
only have eyes from my girlfriend or
some bullshit like that and as you guys
know for me that kind of behavior is a
little bit unattractive I was kind of
thinking he's definitely the hottest
bodybuilder but he's kind of an idiot
and then there was another time where he
talked about how he doesn't like blondes
cuz his girlfriend is a brunette or
something and I obviously have always
been a blonde so that was another thing
that was like it was a letdown
all right fast-forward to Jay and I
deciding to go to our first bodybuilding
convention I think it was the 2009
Arnold Classic in Columbus Ohio so what
I did a lot in my modeling career is if
I wanted to go to a particular event or
I wanted to spend time in a particular
City I would just go on model mayhem or
talk to my non exclusive agents and I
would say I'm gonna be in this city and
I'm gonna pay my way there it
there anyone who wants to do a paid
shoot or maybe some like trade work with
like really high-end photographers so
for the Columbus Ohio trip what I did
and I'll never do this again and I
actually have a separate video about
this it was the creepiest experience of
my whole modeling career I decided to
take a fan shoot a really well paid fan
shoot that is the first and last time I
ever did that if you guys want to watch
the video all about that aspect of the
trip which I'm gonna completely skim
over because this is about Tychus and
bodybuilding and not about creepy
modeling things then you guys can click
the link in the description I'll post it
down there I think it's called something
like creepiest modeling experience or
something it's a really old video anyway
so we get to the convention and I'll
actually post a picture of what I looked
like at the convention but oh my god I
looked so good I was like tan I had the
ABS going on I was like my ideal body
weight I had the under boob shirt on
with my name on it it was great it was
fun and I was definitely turning heads
so we walk in and all the booths are set
up if you guys have never been to a
convention or a bodybuilding convention
it's like a bunch of nutritional
supplements and a bunch of other
displays set up with like bodybuilders
and you can get like protein shakes and
like little samples there and each
company that sponsors bodybuilders would
have the bodybuilders at the booth so we
happen to walk by the supplement company
booth as its sponsors Tychus the same
company that funded the ad in which I
first saw him and J goes oh my god
that's Titus that's your favorite
bodybuilder guy so as we were walking by
I noticed that he has a microphone and
he's the one speaking through the
loudspeakers giving advice to people who
are all standing around and listening to
him talk of the booth right and I just
like walk by and I catch his eye and
it's the craziest thing he just like
looks at me dead in the eye and he goes
like um and then completely loses his
train of thought and I'm like score he
is exactly like I thought he would be is
nothing like he says he is in the
magazine
nothing like oh I only have eyes for my
precious brunette girlfriend he was
clearly like this hot girl has half her
titties out underneath her shirt and he
couldn't stop looking at me it was like
really amazing so while he's talking I
come around and I meet with another
bodybuilder who I know of from Jay's
magazine who's also sponsored by the
supplement company and he starts talking
me up he starts flirting with me I'm
sitting there and I'm basically just
waiting for titus to finish his
monologue so that I can like kind of say
hi to him and get a picture and this
other bodybuilder goes who's your
favorite bodybuilder and he's clearly
trying to flirt with me and get on my
good side he expects me to
say something like I don't know Jay
Cutler or someone like super famous
obviously one of the six most popular
bodybuilders and not Tychus who's right
there who's like his friend but I just
go ahead and I'm like Tychus is my
favorite bodybuilder and he looks over
he goes really I'm like yeah Tychus is
done with his speech and he goes over
and like gets Tychus to introduce me
okay so I don't think this is too
identifiable but a lot of bodybuilders
live in or around New York so they have
that like New York / Boston accent I can
never tell the difference where they
often kind of sound like New York
Italians or something this guy had that
accent and on top of that he has like
that smooth baritone deep voice that you
get when you take testosterone I love
that shit
so anyway I actually start talking to Ty
cus I introduce myself I introduced Jay
and then his friend is like her favorite
bodybuilder is you and he's like
flabbergasted he's like no fucking way
this guy's an NPC guy at the time and
he's like oh you're just saying that to
make me blush or something like that and
I'm like no literally you're my favorite
and I tell him the whole story about how
Jay wanted me to get more into
bodybuilding so he wanted me to find
someone I'm attracted to etc etc he
starts flirting with me and he does this
like really douchey thing that for some
reason when he does it isn't douchey and
this isn't one of those situations where
you know the saying it's like how do not
be creepy or turn off a girl just don't
be ugly that kind of thing no it's like
some things that when I find a guy
attractive and then he does it it's a
turn-off
picus was doing these things these
douchey flirty things but for some
reason they were like a huge turn-on to
me the way he does it I don't know he's
not a very pretentious guy he's a very
down-to-earth like cool chill guy very
approachable and some thing I really
liked about him is there was no like
inherent ego that made it so that he
couldn't get along with Jay that's like
a huge problem endemic to my
relationship my open relationship with
Jay where all the guys that I talk to or
all the guys who are planning on hitting
on me or flirting with me or having a
sexual relationship with me they always
end up being kinda like standoffish with
Jay and that to me is either indicative
of like low self-esteem or the idea that
they actually think that they can
compete with Jay which I make clear they
cannot in the beginning always so it's
kind of annoying when guys are like that
I know guys are territorial so I kind of
get it but the kind of guy who is always
confrontational with other guys the kind
of guy that's like hey don't look at my
woman and has huge ego issues with like
every guy
that kind of guy is usually not my kind
of guy because he's not confident but
the thing that he would do that's like
completely douchey is he would keep
hugging me and pulling me close but he
would like whisper things into my ear
like whispering to the point where it
would like kinda tickle my ear and like
do the erogenous zone thing but he's
like I don't want you to leave you're so
hot
like grabbing me and just like hugging
me and like this is from the first
interaction with him right and the cool
thing about being a girl interacting
with huge professional bodybuilders is
that you get to just like fucking touch
their muscles and I was touching like
all of his muscles I'm like ah just
flirting with him like oh that's so cool
these are so hard they're so big and at
the time I had a 23 inch waist and his
biceps were 24 inches so his size and
the fact that I had never interacted
with like a full-blown I have Beebe
style bodybuilder before pretty much the
biggest muscles I'd ever interacted with
beforehand were like male models and
then like J and more of the like fitness
model type of guy the non steroidal ones
but the steroidal ones are the best kind
anyway so he's allowing me to feel up
his chest his biceps everything so at
some point of him like pulling me close
and me touching on him and J asking him
for advice and I'm talking about random
stuff and that's just chilling and
totally bogarting the whole fucking area
J and I decide that we want to walk
around more and check out more of the
expo cuz we had literally just walked
down the stairs and Tyga's his booth was
like the second one we saw so I tell him
I'll come back later and he also
promised me and J that he would give us
supplement company shirts if we came
back to the booth later we leave and
then like five minutes later I have
security coming over to me telling me
that I need to leave the premises and I
can't come back until tomorrow
because of my underboob shirts my
underboob shirt okay I had gone to a
bunch of conventions beforehand I've
gone to modeling conventions things like
H I in and global import car show like a
bunch of car shows when I started out
and every time I had modified my outfit
so that I had underboob I'd gone to
concerts I'd gone to everything always
with underboob there were so many girls
like showing off so much of their bodies
they actually had like body paint
Fitness girls there but me showing a
little bit of my underboob again there's
a picture of what I looked like I was in
some kind of breach of dress code that I
was never
to where of and it was such a weird
thing to like they were gonna kick me
out until the next day but I could come
back the next day but I couldn't go home
and change and come back I had to come
back the next day like I was kicked out
for the whole day I begged and pleaded
with that guy I was like I have a shirt
in my bag just let me put on the shirt
can I talk to someone higher up is there
any way that I can annul this fucking
retarded decision he said no and we left
but the caveat in the fact that I got to
come back the next day was that we were
only staying one of the Expo days not
all of them the good thing about the
Arnold expose there's like a bunch of
different areas there's an area for like
all the different sports then there's an
area an arena where you actually watch
the bodybuilding competition the Arnold
Classic and then there's the expo hall
that's like a crosstown so I was kicked
out of the expo hall but I could still
go and watch like gymnastics or
bodybuilding if I wanted to which we
were going to but I was so pissed that I
didn't get to go back and talk more to
Tychus so I had no hope of ever seeing
Tychus again or experiencing the expo
hall anymore which sucked ass
Jay being the fucking badass awesome
wingman that he is he decided that he
would go back in and conspicuously
because no one was gonna see a random
guy one of the million fitness oriented
dudes in there and be like hey we just
kicked you out they would notice me but
they wouldn't notice him so he went back
in and he asked Tychus for his phone
number
Tyco is obliged and then on the way over
to watch the bodybuilding competition I
started texting Tychus I was flirting
with him like don't you have a
girlfriend and making it obvious that
you know I knew he had a girlfriend and
he was like yeah so we're kind of on
again off again and he always made his
girlfriend situation personally when
he's talking to me one-on-one and not in
the magazine he made it seem like they
were on-again off-again not really
serious kind of a toxic relationship
type of thing where she wasn't really
into his interests and they didn't
really have much in common but them in
the magazine it was all glowing reviews
about how fucking perfect she is and how
he only has eyes for her little did the
world know that I was texting him about
how I did not get to grab his glutes so
I was like how about I come up to your
hotel room later
I can grab your ass and I can get some
shirts he said yes he gave me the room
number he told me what time he'd be back
and Jay and I continue to watch the
prejudging of the Arnold Classic and
then go back to the hotel so I leave Jay
and the fan who sponsored the trip who's
driving us around in the car and I'm
like oh
right back so one thing to note about
Jay Jay is super fucking impatient when
he doesn't have something else to do
he's not someone who can just sit around
and enjoy ambience he's not someone who
can just find something to entertain him
he always wants to make like the best
use of his time so one of the biggest
pet peeves of his of all time is me
making him wait if I'm at the nail salon
and he's coming to pick me up he'll be
like super pissed if I tell him Oh 15
minutes left you should leave the house
now and then it ends up being 30 minutes
and he's sitting in the car for 15
minutes and he swears up and down that I
was gone for like an hour
I was not gone for an hour it took about
five minutes to get up to the room
and I did not spend more than like 10
minutes in the room so I'm walking down
the hallway of the floor that his room
is on and I meet him halfway he's coming
back sweatiest fuck from the hotel gym
and I'm like hey what's up he's walking
me down the hall and all I can remember
of our conversation while walking down
said hall with him asking me are you
sure you're 19
I remember thinking like fuck does he
really want to card me right now and oh
my god how fucking prudent is this
especially in today's hashtag me too
climate like he's so fucking smart for
asking me that
I really feel like he should have had me
sign a contract that was like I consent
to coming up to the hotel room with
someone I won't quote idolize that I
don't know very well you know but
clearly I was the predator here I have
agency I take a hundred percent
responsibility for everything that I do
so anyway we get into his room and he
throws two shirts at me he's like I
couldn't find you a small but I got Jay
a large and a medium whichever fits him
whatever right like we get free shirts
so he throws me the shirts and I'm just
kind of standing there like what now
right and this is where it gets good I
would try to be a good storyteller for
this he grabs me and starts kissing me
really hard he pushes me really hard
back on the hotel room bed and I like
land on my back then he pushes me on my
shoulders down so I'm laying down he
pulls my pink short shorts down and off
and just throws them pushes my legs back
behind my ears and just starts going to
town on my pussy and I'm like holy shit
this is happening really fast and I'm
enjoying this as you guys know I'm not
like a huge lover of pussy licking I
would rather just get fucked and I would
even rather give oral sex then receive
oral sex I just have a lot of fun
sucking dick but I love the effort that
was put into plea
my pussy at that moment like he had a
bunch of like like stubble like five
o'clock shadow stubble and I could feel
the five o'clock shadow stubble just
like rubbing on the outskirts of my
vagina the outskirts of my vagina you
know like around where he's licking
because his face is touching like my
mouth you know so I grab his head and I
push him back he stands up and I grabbed
his shorts and I like pull them down and
he's warning me how he just went to the
gym so he's gonna be a little bit sweaty
and like if I don't want to do this I
don't have to and I'm just like that
makes it so much better and I take his
slightly above average sized cock into
my mouth all the way to my throat
fondling his balls and I'm like oh this
is great he pulls me up by the neck and
starts kissing me and then we spin
around he sits in the bed and I sit on
top of him we're making out and then he
goes to kissing my neck and I look over
in the mirror and I see this like giant
pro bodybuilder with a 24-inch biceps
and me the little 110 pound girl with a
23 inch waist and it looks hot I think
that's probably the hottest thing I have
ever seen in a hotel room mirror I don't
remember in which order but I do
remember he ends up kissing me laying on
top of me and I remember feeling so
suffocated and so choked by his weight
and such a fucking wonderful way it was
definitely one of the hottest non
penetration experiences I've ever had
why was there no penetration you say
well now I don't regret things in my
life I make it a point to try to learn
from every mistake but this was just ass
okay why did I leave the hotel room that
night well I will tell you first reason
is that J and the dude I don't really
care about was down in the car waiting
for me and I was like okay if this turns
into a real sex session it's gonna be a
while and I don't want to tell them oh
you can just go home like J would be
really worried about me if I did that
second of all we were in the stage of
our relationship where J and I had
decided that we did want to have more of
an open relationship but we were on kind
of a like we're not doing it away from
each other we're just gonna have
threesomes type of thing and I hadn't
100% given him the go-ahead to have the
truly open relationship and I felt like
I would have been a hypocrite had I had
sex with this guy without telling J
first and without fully allowing him to
go out and have sex with other girls
without me I think we had had our first
threesome already by the
but we had never had sex apart and the
parameters of the relationship just
weren't set yet and I didn't say a
hundred percent that I was ready for him
to do that so it was just like a better
safe than sorry respect for my best
friend kind of thing anyway moving on
with the story so we both went home to
our respective states and we continued
to text almost every day now something I
loved about him was that he would call
me rather than text me literally almost
every day and at that point I was doing
a lot of stuff on the computer for my
modeling career but it was like a lot of
like not work I would be like answering
emails or editing photos or like up
keeping my model mayhem profile or
something but it was never anything that
took a lot of my attention like my job
does now job you know editing videos you
can't really do anything else so I was
bored often and what I would do is I
would go with J to his University and
then I would find this little nook and
area with my laptop and I would just sit
there and like do stuff in solitude
alone for many hours
so tyke is calling me almost every day
was like a nice respite from me working
on things that were just boring and
aside from him being cool with J being
cool with her like open relationship
situation another cool thing about him
was that he was clearly actually into me
I deal with a lot of guys who like want
to fuck me and it's very clear they want
to fuck me or they want something from
me but they don't really show interest
in me like we'll only talk about sex or
we'll only flirt and we can never talk
about anything else but with Tychus I
could talk to him about anything
and he took like a real interest in the
things that I was interested in that he
wasn't necessarily too interested in
like gaming he was one of those fake
gamer boys you know like the ones where
you're way more of a gamer than they are
but they're like oh I played Super Mario
when I was younger I remember him saying
cute stuff like how fun would it be to
play like Super Mario with you or
something and I loved that we could talk
about life we could talk about the
future philosophical topics we could
talk about anything and he was just
really like a chill dude and he always
knew the exact precise perfect time to
go back to the sex talk one other funny
instance I remember one of his favorite
bands is an older rock band that I also
like like an older metal band and I
remember being like oh yeah I like that
stuff too and then I like Pink Floyd and
lamb with God and Slipknot and I
remember him being like really I pegged
you for a Britney Spears girl
he would drive to the gym and sit in the
car and give me a call I would be
sitting at J's University I would get
the call and we would talk for like I
don't know an hour two hours something
like that and it would go from like just
weird one sided phone sex where he's
like jerking off and I can't do anything
but like kinda talk dirty quietly or
just listen to him and giggle because
I'm in a university to us talking about
like my interests or like whatever else
we talked about some of the cutest
things I think he ever said to me were
like aside from wanting to play video
games with me and saying that he's into
Mario and all that stuff was that he
would always come up with these like
cute shoot ideas that we could do and
even though he was under contract and
couldn't do them he always kind of like
fantasized with me about doing like sexy
photoshoots with me he's like oh what if
I'm Superman and you're Lois Lane or we
could do like Mario and Peach and so it
was it was really really cute that he
would do that and he would always tell
me how he would rather jerk off on to a
girl's face than actually fuck her
because he's like so into jerking off
and if you guys know me really well I'm
really into watching guys jerk off so
that was like match made in heaven I
really wish we had had a chance to
actually put that into practice but
we'll get there okay so I think it's
about two months to go by maybe one
month that goes by two months three
months I'm not sure
usually the Arnold Classic is like in
the beginning of the year so then a few
months of us planning on seeing each
other again having all of these sexual
encounters talking about a bunch of
different things
basically just becoming like pretty good
friends and hoping that one day we can
finally seal the deal together I decide
that I'm gonna take another one of those
personal trips that Fane as a business
trip to New York if you guys ever want
me to do a separate vlog about my
experience with New York and how much I
fucking hated that city please do let me
know in the comments anyway so Jay and I
go to New York it's a clusterfuck I
shoot this sexy modeling video
get through to other shoots including a
car calendar and then we have the
bodybuilding event now have to be really
vague here because it will be very
obvious who it is if I don't
it's an NPC event in which the winner
will decide who gets a pro card and gets
to be an ifbb pro bodybuilder from then
on but the catch was that for a week
before me getting to new york tyke is
hadn't responded to any of my text
messages as I said before he's not the
kind to make me text him first he's not
the kind to ignore my texts or to not
call me for a while he was pretty much
like on the daily calling me and I
wasn't too worried about it really
because two weeks before that he had
told me that he's not gonna talk to me
as much because he's preparing when he's
preparing that her--for contest prep
he's like in the zone and doesn't really
talk to that many people and doesn't
really have a social life so I was like
okay whatever I don't really know how
these bodybuilders prepare but it seems
really fucking hardcore so I'll just
take your word for it a week into that
said two weeks of prep he still talked
to me every day so it was a little odd
that he stopped talking to me as much
for that week before I went to New York
but I was just really excited to see him
in New York and hopes that I would get
some time to spend with him during all
of the modeling shoots I was doing prior
to the event I was texting and I'm like
when can I see you can I see you tonight
can I see you tomorrow can I see you try
or do I have to wait until afterwards I
either got no response or responses that
were like I'll see you at the event I
can't talk beforehand the night of the
event he wins it was a huge defining
moment he's now a pro and I was super
proud of him so I'm waiting outside
everyone's funneling out of the event
hall and he comes out and I'm the first
person he sees I asked him for a picture
we take a picture he gives me a hug and
then he's kind of like I gotta go what
the fuck now I didn't come to New York
just for you but one of the highlights
of coming all the way to the East Coast
to New York was to see you and you're
blowing me off the next day after that
before I went home I tried texting him I
tried saying come see me he was just
apologetic that he didn't have time and
then once I got back to Seattle he
became an absolute ghost a few weeks go
by and I'm like dude what the fuck is up
why are you ignoring me and he basically
tells me that he started to feel really
bad about his girlfriend they had gotten
back together and were more serious and
he didn't want to cheat on her anymore
and the best thing to do was to just
stop talking to me to which I was like
why couldn't you just tell me this why
couldn't we talk through it and why
can't we still be friends today now that
I have a more developed brain I would
have known the reason why we can't be
friends but back then I really tried to
push for us to remain friends because I
liked him he was a cool dude
I enjoyed the sexual tension even if it
never led to anything and he basically
told me that there's absolutely no
possible way that he could keep himself
from just ravaging me and he could never
see me as only a friend so to make it
much easier on himself he decided it
would just be better to cut ties and I
pretty much agreed there's no way that I
could keep my hands off of him either
he's so hot there was some serious
sexual tension there that I can't even
put into words but we're not done yet
let's talk about my first trip here to
Las Vegas Nevada okay so I think it's
every September or October that in Las
Vegas Nevada they have the Olympia the
Olympia is another Expo like the Arnold
and it also has a pro bodybuilding
tournament they're not called
tournaments but you know what I mean and
so Jay and I decided once again
to go down to Vegas I would do some
shoots and we go to the Olympia I
personally wasn't expecting much in the
way of Tychus I kind of just hoped that
like you know I would see him from a
distance and then he would like throw
longing eyes at me like I still care
about you I was hoping for maybe a hug
too but instead I was able to actually
talk to him got a hug he was doing the
same stuff as always the same whispering
in the ear the same like holding me too
tight and keeping me there for a long
time telling me that he can't keep his
hands off of me that he wishes it was
different and I believed him with all
this stuff it didn't feel fuck-boy so
the first thing he does when I see him
in New Vegas to my dismay because I
thought he was like completely done with
me and had forgotten about me is that he
pulls me in close and he whispers in my
ear god you're so fucking hot I remember
I was wearing my yellow striped shirts
and these short shorts and I felt so fat
in my short shorts and the shirt and
Tychus was just like god you're the
fucking hottest thing ever oh my god the
extra testosterone and the extra sex
drive so good so I got to talk to him a
little bit the first day of the Expo and
it felt good it felt like we were back
to where we were before or whatever it
felt like nothing had even changed like
he was completely going back on what he
said in the text I leave in that night
he's texting me again telling me that
like all he can do is just fucking jerk
off cuz he just wants to fuck me so bad
and stuff like that like which I know it
sounds creepy if I'm saying
this to you guys and a lot of you guys
are male and the other portion of you
guys are females that aren't attracted
to guys saying that they Dirk off to
them
but the idea that this like pretty
fucking hot visages of like my ideal
kind of man he can't stop thinking about
me he's jerking off to me he wants to
fuck me so bad I can't tell you how hot
that is to me so try to empathize think
of like the sexiest thing that someone
could say to you
Taiki said that shit to me all the time
so the next day I see him again at the
convention hall and he's telling me
about how like he woke up this morning
couldn't stop thinking about me jerked
off so that he doesn't like just have to
fuck me but I don't get to see him after
the event of the hotel and he's not
really responding to me again in text
other than to just like get off of his
chest that he can't stop thinking about
me so again I fly back to Seattle
empty vaginas I think in between the New
York event and the Vegas event he told
me that his girlfriend had somehow seen
a picture of he and I together oh the
dirty comm back in the day the dirty
comm used to fucking talk shit about me
like weekly I had posted a diary to my
pay site I had a pay site back then Tara
babcom now it just redirects to patreon
and I posted like diary entries on there
and one of the diary entries was this
story anonymous and I think his
girlfriend actually caught wind of he
and I got really pissed off and that's
what kind of fueled him not talking to
me anymore so from then on it was more
of him just not responding to me and I
decided to delete his number because I
couldn't stop like texting him like once
a week saying like you know if anything
changes let me know it felt like a part
of my day was missing because he didn't
call me or text me anymore
Jason class I'm alone it was like the
perfect opportunity to have someone to
text and talk to eventually I ended up
emailing him and telling him how I felt
telling him that it sucks that we don't
talk anymore and then I miss talking to
him as a friend and I remember as soon
as I sent the email I got a phone call
from an unknown number because I didn't
have my phone anymore I answer and he's
like there's so many hotter guys you
deserve so much better than me why are
you so hung up on us not talking and I
was like we never fucked and we got
along really well and you're so hot and
that conversation while short was
basically just the closure I needed to
be like okay I'm gonna stop talking to
this guy and I
miss him anymore and really miss him in
the way that like oh I'm longing for
this person I love him so much or
anything like that it was just like wow
that's a shame just me being the only
child that I am I'm like I came so close
to getting what I want and I didn't get
it so recently a few months ago I sent
him a DM on Instagram and I don't know
if they changed it or patched it but I
was able to see that you saw it
and it was just me saying like it's been
a long time how have you been I hope
you're doing well don't know if you
remember me but I'm pretty sure he does
cuz I remember saying once like you're
just gonna forget about me as soon as we
stop talking or something and he was
like I could never forget about you it's
kind of like that night I have a feeling
even though a lot of people in the
comments will probably say like oh he
just was talking to many girls I have a
feeling that I was the only one that he
was like cheating on his girlfriend with
because it just seemed that way I don't
know usually I feel like every guy is
saying the exact same thing to every
woman and I have a pretty good bullshit
meter for that kind of shit I don't
really get too enchanted with guys that
I can't see things objectively but with
him it really felt like I was special to
him and not just another random slut I
don't know very anti climactic ending
but hopefully I told this story well
it's gonna be a little bit long I know
that well if you guys enjoyed the video
please leave a like and subscribe also
you can pick up some tera march in the
link in the description or watch the
video about the creepiest thing that
ever happened to me while modeling in
the meantime I'm trying to think of a
new topic for sex ed so if you watch
this whole video and you have a topic
posted in the comments also if you watch
this whole video and got through the
whole thing I want you to say in the
comments
poopy dingleberry yeah we're gonna go
with poopy dingleberry that's kind of
how I feel about the situation with
Tychus as a whole as well I will see you
guys in the next video feel free to
postulate on which bodybuilder it is but
I will neither confirm nor deny or give
any more personal information than I
already have in the video but it is fun
reading your comments about who you
think it might be bye guys
