it would just be really fun to fuck a
serial killer so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want what's up fellow societal
degenerate and welcome to my random as
fuck Halloween video I wasn't planning
on making a Halloween video today in
fact I did all of this makeup all the
special effects shit and the blood and
all that only for my stream but then I
was like this is kind of cool and I kind
of want to make a video and a few people
were asking for like a Halloween special
video the problem is I don't really know
what to talk about her what to do so
today I'm gonna talk about how I
sexualized creepy and scary things like
serial killers all the way down to the
paranormal and things I don't actually
believe in like vampires ghosts and the
boogeyman but first since this video has
no real rhyme or reason I want to talk a
little bit about how I did this look in
case you guys want to do something
infinitely better because I'm not that
great at makeup so the first thing I did
is I did all the prepping of my face
like the moisturizer and the the pre
whatever-the-fuck and then I put on some
liquid latex as just like a flat coat of
stickiness waited until it dried and
then I have this like putty and I got
all of this stuff for like really cheap
at the Spirit Halloween store so nothing
crazy nothing even off of Amazon I put
my nail backwards into this like goop
it's like hardened prosthetic and I get
like enough to make these lines right
here and then I just put them on and I
kind of blackened the edges so it looks
like it's raised skin after like a
really violent cut that has not at all
been sutured in any way after that I
just put on some like dark black eye
shadow don't even blend it yet and then
I put on my regular face makeup and I
made it a little bit creepier by doing
some heavy contouring of my face and a
lot of the white setting powder that
makes you not be glossy and shiny so I
kind of look like I'm emaciated or sick
the way that I get the scars actually
look like scars is you need an eyeshadow
palette with a purple and a red it
doesn't really matter what kind of
purple or what kind of red as long as
it's not like shiny or shimmery and a
little tube of fake blood so the first
thing I do is I take the red the
brightest red you can possibly find but
kind of more like a blood red so like a
dark bright red and you put it all over
the scar area and you kind of put a
little bit up here a little bit down
here and just kind of make it look
your skin is red because it's tortured
and painful Oh with my foundation and
stuff I also went over my lips so you
can't like see that I have lips I wanted
them to blend in and kind of look like
I'm bitten kind of like a vampire and
that was my motivation for doing that
kind of look so then once you have the
red on you take purple and you put
purple near the ends and on the tops and
purple is more just to make it look a
little bit like a bruise if you have a
really dark yellow you can use yellow
Pat it in there and make it look more
like a bruise I don't really take that
much time with it because I feel like
this is like sufficient and then what
you do is you take the tube of fake
blood and you want to put the fake blood
in a crease that you've made so you take
like tweezers or you take scissors or
anything like that and you just cut down
the middle of this mound of putty that
you've put on your face to make it look
like a cut and then you put the red
blood substitute or real red blood you
know if you have it menstrual or
otherwise and you just kind of put it in
there let it drip as it may because
that's more realistic and stuff in my
opinion at least and then I put a little
bit of red lip color here it was like a
liquid lip color I put it here and I
just kind of my mind you don't actually
go like this a little bit and spread it
out and make it look like it's actually
organically there do my eyebrows put a
bunch of blood on my hand grab my neck
grab my chest put fuck on my head
because why not and I wouldn't say that
this is like a female gender Bend Joker
but it has some influences from Joker
like the cuts in the face black around
the eyes and the word on my head even
though it's a little bit different than
the Jared Leto or any other Joker eye it
is a little bit Joker inspired I'm not
as creative as I should be to be doing
stuff like this but I just wanted to
look creepy but still kind of look like
myself and I put my hair up in back
pigtails because quite frankly I'm
afraid of getting my extensions in my
real hair in the blood which is now kind
of dried so I can touch it so it's okay
alright so let's just talk about sex and
shit you know like I find nothing sexier
and I think a lot of you guys know this
about me but I thought we would just
talk a little bit about the creepy and
the McCobb because it is Halloween and I
am really into that stuff one of my
favorite or two of my favorite youtubers
actually are Kayleigh Elise and Rob Dyke
just because I like the creepy stuff I
like creepy content I like to an extent
the feeling of being scared irrationally
because I do know that it's irrational
like you know when you're running down
the hall in the middle of the
you're going to pee and you like feel
like something's chasing you especially
when you're a kid so you run from it I
was guilty of that as well especially
because in my household when I was
younger we had a cat that liked to
attack you from the shadows so there
actually was a little bit of impending
danger there but just something about
that has been so interesting to me since
my youth my mom and I would watch beyond
belief fact or fiction we would watch
all of the crime shows and on top of
that we would watch more sci-fi stuff
like crypt what are the Tales from the
Crypt oh my god the intro to Tales from
the Crypt was always the fucking
creepiest thing in the world to me
please in the comments let me know if
you enjoyed this impromptu video and if
you agree with me on any of the things
that I'm saying oh and every Halloween
would not be complete without a black
cat guys tonight keep your black cats
inside by the way I know this might come
out a little too late to warn you guys
but people are really mean to black cats
because of the superstition and they can
actually be to kill and maim your
beautiful furry friend so just just keep
all cats inside anytime there's gonna be
teenagers out trying to cause trouble or
any time it's normal to be committing
crimes because it just looks like it's
cosplay or something anyway I think part
of my childhood and normalizing that
kind of fear and the kind of scary
movies of my mom adores scary movies
funny story
she used to got a blockbuster like we
all did and she would go to blockbuster
like once a week and pick like two or
three movies out and the movie she would
always pick out are like these
low-budget fucking terrible horror
movies and they were so terrible that we
would coin any kind of low-budget
looking terrible horror film as a marius
pick my mom's name is Mary and we would
kind of make fun of her for picking all
of these movies and then half the time
she would fall asleep during them
because she also agrees that they're
kind of terrible that's not to say that
she didn't enjoy the good horror maybe
she's just like a horror fanatic or at
least she was I'm not sure anymore but
my parents go overboard when it comes to
any kind of decorations for the holiday
as they love just being like the
craziest house on the block
I digress so I don't know if it's from
that or from something else but I am
very turned on by blood I'm very turned
on by fake or real blood a lot of people
don't know about this show but Hemlock
Grove if you haven't watched it it's a
Netflix original and I think it's only
on Netflix it has two seasons I believe
if not three I'm not sure but it's
basically this really weird artistic and
not at all Twilight II not at all
standard the portrayal of vampires and
werewolves where the vampires and
werewolves look pretty fucking normal
most of the time and it's not integrated
into this like weird teen angst world as
much as it's more abstract at least to
me obviously it's not like the most
abstract thing ever it's still like
teenagers or early
people that are involved but it takes
with these weird twists and it doesn't
at all follow a formula in my opinion
but anyway the main vampire in the
series is the guy who played the new it
clown
the new Pennywise which is what made me
want to see the movie to begin with
because I absolutely love that actor
he's so hot and he's so weird he's not
like a conventional actor like I think
the reason why a lot of people don't
like the movie or don't like his
portrayal if they do not like it is
because he's kind of different and weird
but he's the type of guy that Jay and I
would like to hang out with a Jay and I
like to watch on screen and he's really
funny with his outbursts of just like
cussing at someone or reacting in a way
you wouldn't expect it it makes the
series really cool so I recommend you
watch that to get an idea of what I'm
talking about but a vampire in the real
world that's not tied in with some
romanticized version of vampires is what
I romanticize the most and it's really
hard to explain but it's so erotic to me
the idea of combining pain with pleasure
to the point where you can die or do die
and then you're reborn as a vampire it's
just everything about that is a yes
situation to me the idea that he would
grab me around the neck and hold me down
and combine his thirst for blood also
with his thirst and lust for my body is
just it's the sexiest fantasy the
sexiest unrealistic fantasy one of that
I have I have many and I just think it's
absolutely appealing to have sex with a
vampire there was this one point in
Hemlock Grove where Roman the character
I was talking about the vampire is
fucking some girl it was it inside a
shed or inside someone's like
slaughterhouse I don't remember what it
was but just fucking on top of tons and
tons of blood where they just had a huge
feast and now they're feasting in each
other's flesh they're biting each other
I think they were
and in my opinion it's just really sexy
and I definitely have my head in the
clouds and feet on the ground when it
comes to serial murderers and stuff like
that I always romanticize things like
Hannibal but you know a more attractive
version where it would just be really
fun to fuck a serial killer and
obviously these aren't realistic but I
think fantasies like these aren't
necessarily uncommon and I think that's
why I combine blood and blood lust with
actual lusts maybe because I'm too much
of a gamer too much of a nerd or too
much of a horror file maybe that's the
reason why I have all of these weird
fetishes and weird things that I like to
in my head think about that turn me on
and definitely make things more exciting
I feel like I can't be the only person
that isn't turned off by blood blood
unless it's like completely coagulated
and it's like a blood sausage now or
something which by the way is good for
you but sounds disgusting blood is just
so nice and consistent and dark and red
and there's just something about it that
I can't find atrocious but yeah I
thought I would just make a quick video
showcasing my look for today's stream
and let you guys know that I hope you
have a happy Halloween I know it's on a
Tuesday so you're probably not doing
anything you're probably already done
with all of your Halloween stuff but I
wish you guys a happy and safe Halloween
and I hope you guys enjoy dressing up as
whatever the fuck you want don't let the
sjw's tell you that you're culturally
appropriating or you're making fun of
someone's religion or something just be
whatever you want to be in the context
of Halloween in the context of a joke or
all in good fun tell them to fuck
themselves I love you guys and I hope
you enjoyed this video I'll see you in
the next one mwah
