hey guys I don't know what video I was
gonna do there what topic I hadn't
really looked at it but today I'm going
to talk about my kitty climber who my
mom informed me last night that he had
passed away and I cried for a little bit
and I realized that he was in a lot of
pain and that it's probably better for
him that he's gone now but I always get
more worked up for animal deaths in
human deaths and I wanted to kind of
talk about why and I wanted to talk
about climbers life and kind of honor
him a little bit and i also want to
dedicate my upcoming video about vegan
alternatives to him because he is one of
the animals in my life that have made me
just fucking fall in love the animals
animals are so instinctual and a lot of
people will say that that's why humans
have ascended and they're better because
humans are more intellectual they can
you know have more technological
advances but animals do that too just on
a different scale and I've always
thought that it was so nice that animals
they just live on instinct and you know
they love for the obvious reasons that
are biological and they you know protect
for the obvious reasons that are
biological whereas when you look at how
humans do things it's all based on greed
and selfishness in it sometimes feels
like it would be better to go back to an
archaic version of a barbarian because
then we wouldn't be like ruining the
beautiful nature of the world and that's
how I feel and I know a lot of people
are kind of going to hate on me about
this but it's something I'm very
passionate about I don't talk about
being a vegan or vegetarian very often
and I don't talk about animals very
often but I'm very much in love with
every creature on this planet and I feel
like humans are detrimental to the
prosperity of this planet and its I do
everything I can to keep a low carbon
footprint I don't wear any clothes or
makeup like I could never imagine
wearing something that was the result of
some some being losing its life like for
fucking fashion like I understand that a
lot of people who eat meat hide behind
like oh well let's say you don't get
enough protein or it's less healthy for
you and all of these things that you
know are proven to be untrue but if you
really believe that you are actually you
know doing something better for your
body I understand that but should just
be like I want a fur coat because I'm a
fucking gluttonous piece of shit like
that's how I feel why the fuck are you
wearing leather you go outside in the
rain and fucking smells like
as shit because it's fucking dead animal
carcass like what the fuck it doesn't
make any sense to me so that's all I'm
gonna say on being a vegan / vegetarian
consumer I just want to talk about
climber and how much I love animals and
how I feel that there's no ill intent
with animals it's just like they love
you because you protect them they love
you because they feel like you're part
of the family and there's no ill-will
behind that there's no anyone trying to
get your money there's no like someone
going and talking shit behind your back
and it's just people like someone that
humans are the most important animal on
the earth it's like no we're actually
the biggest detriment we're just like
overpopulated like crazy because we're
not on the fucking food chain so we just
kind of transcended that and now our
population control there's none because
we're so important we you know don't
want anyone to die we just want to let
everyone just produce as much as
possible and a lot of people that are
producing too much like too many new
babies they're the people that you know
are on welfare and that's the only
reason they're doing it is so fucking
awful that there's no there's no purity
of the instinct like there isn't animals
and you know animals are most often more
afraid of us than them same with you
know insects arachnids and all that
stuff and I've always been one to
protect them my parents are not
vegetarian but they raised me to you
know take if a you know an insect cook
goes in the house lets you know put it
in a fucking cup and take it out and I
actually put a video up on Instagram
with me taking out a little moth that
got into the house because it's so
fucking hot here I read up but uh yeah
said to keep the balcony doors open um
and then I stuck to that because I
believed in that more than my parents do
so sometimes my parents would be like oh
like there was this one time where a
bunch of baby spiders like literally
started descending from the the fucking
you know like fan area with the lights
and stuff in the kitchen and I was like
no you can't kill him know we can't
exterminate them and so my dad's like
fucking catching them in cups and like
it was like a full-time job for a little
bit and we had to like keep getting the
residual babies out but we ended up not
killing any of them knowingly and some
it can be hard because when something so
small like I feel like if we finally
found something that was like as big as
like a Titan in attack on titan those
things wouldn't even notice that they're
stepping on us and it would be like oh
we can't fault them for that because
they don't even see us but for them to
just kind of be like Oh fucking pests
when we're beings ourselves is like kind
of fucked up you know like I don't ever
I don't feel holier-than-thou as a human
we're like oh we're the most important
and you know like everything else is
just Dumber like if we're going on the
dumb scale why am I not hunting babies
like human babies are stupider than a
lot of fucking animals factually and
it's just like us being selfish once
again and us preserving us and it's just
like it's kind of disgusting to me and
that's one of the reasons why as a whole
I don't feel that much empathy for other
humans because it's the same reason why
I talked about that I don't have very
many idols I know that everyone in their
own way is you know out for themselves
and selfish and you know in some way
like gluttonous you know just like
eating too much not caring about their
body is not you know caring for their
young the way they should getting our
welfare so that they can have their 15th
baby and so like those types of people
not everyone is like that obviously and
I try my best not to be at all like that
and I you know try to have empathy for
those of you who have a like mind and
who I feel our intelligence and all of
my viewers and fans who support me
they're doing something that you know is
very amazing to me and it's different
but as I kind of feel bad for Humanity
when we do have this you know
accelerated intelligence and so many of
us are not fucking using it at all like
all of the posts that I see on the
internet of like people not using a bit
of their IQ or even having an IQ to
speak up it's just like what the fuck is
wrong with you we were given this
amazing mind why are you not using and
why are you not giving back to the
planet that you live on it just doesn't
make any sense you're like shitting
where you eat it anyway so um I got
climber okay so there was a cat named
shadow that my parents had they found
her in a box way before I was born my
mom used to be a manager of a 7-Eleven
back
when I was born we didn't have very much
money but we had shadow and shadow my
mom always feeds my cats are cats
pancakes like tiny little pancakes
smaller than silver dollars like just
little pancake drips like when you
accidentally drip uh whenever my parents
would have pancakes so my mom would make
pancakes on Sundays or something that
was a day that my dad had off and she
would feed the fucking cat that so all
the cats that she had were extremely
fucking fat shadow ended up dying when I
was very very young when I was like
seven or something and my mom put me in
my room and didn't want me to witness it
and I was with my friend John who I told
you about was my best friend back in the
day who was a Jehovah's Witness so
things got fucking weird right um and
then later my moms like she grieved for
a while and I grade for a while then she
was like let's get a new kid she always
wants to have a cat sir so we went down
to UM the cat the pet store and we saw
two little black kittens that they were
just like lazy and lethargic and you
know we didn't want to like separate
them from each other and then we saw
climber and he's like a half pixie bob
mix so he's like super energetic he's
like me he wanted love it was so fucking
cute and we're like okay we're getting
this one then we took him home and he
ran all around the house and he started
climbing up the curtains all the way up
to the like rod and sitting on top of
the rod and he did that until he got so
fat because my mom feeds and pancakes
that he actually started ripping off the
curtains in the rod and stuff and that's
why we named him climber pretty quickly
because he was doing that from the start
and it was really fucking cute and um
then he started getting like a temper
and he was like I couldn't walk down the
hallway I remember i would like run down
the hallway because if i walk he would
come out of nowhere and scratch the shit
out of my legs I was like ah fucking
climber and none of my friends fucking
liked him or he didn't like any of my
friends the only person he's ever not
been an ass to the only person he never
would bite or scratch will very rarely
was my mom and um he would just like
nuzzle and love my mom and it was like
clearly she was the mom figure she was
the one that he respected and I just
thought that was so fucking cute and
later on in his life he lost a lot of
weeks he got pancreatitis and going
there to see him was kind of sad because
he didn't move around very much and he
wasn't very active like he used to be
and it kind of broke my heart but it was
like nice that he would like cuddle me
and nuzzle me and I was like he was like
oh big sister you know I'm sorry for
everything
did and it was kind of sad and I miss
him and I'm gonna miss him and it's
gonna suck and trying not to cry because
it's Seeley um I'm usually on emotional
is very weird but yeah and I'm sure my
mom is grieving she um he ended up not
he was like dragging his back like my
mom said and then I so she took him to
the vet and he had a stroke and died and
so my mom cremated him and that's pretty
much what happened but yeah I don't know
so like the video tell me stories about
animals you grew up with that had an
impact on your life tell me why you love
animals tell me why you enjoy having
animals around and you know just talk
about stuff if you talk about the
veganism the vegetarianism I'm not
really in the mindset to reply right now
I just wanted to give my opinion and
kind of like a bench to you guys but I
feel like I would get too emotionally
invested that's usually a mistake um so
I'm probably not gonna reply to any of
the comments that uh that argue or even
maybe agree with me on that um I would
just appreciate people saying like r.i.p
climber or like yeah I had turtle once
at a box turtle I had a bunch of what
are they called the fish that like when
you put a mirror in front of them they
like to fight you to this a betta fish
betta fish yeah and they come in like
really pretty colors had a bunch of
those um and I had climber and I had
shadow and my Turtles name he was a box
turtle it fed him um I fed him a fucking
strawberries and shit he was really cool
but his name was Myrtle Myrtle the
turtle I think it might have been a she
because you know that's my grandmother's
name is well my great grandmother and
she's still fucking alive she's like
90-something so um yeah tell me about
the pets in your life I really want to
hear that and um just a little bit of
support there's been a lot of like
really bad things mixed with really good
things in my life lately and so I'm
overall feeling blessed but I'm also you
know kind of having some like days where
I don't really feel like being hyper and
happy like usual and but at the same
time I'm not like devastated because
it's like I'm so fucking blessed and you
guys are always there like yesterday
in light of like the initial patreon
hate I was a little bit down and then my
real vent fan started showing their
faces and supporting me and I got on
stream and everyone there was so like
hilarious and supportive and I got to
play video games and we got to interact
and I felt so much better so you guys
are oftentimes the people that keep me
positive and I fucking you guys are like
family thank you so much I'm gonna go I
almost forget to take thumbnail do this
with the fuck bye guys hey guys if
you're joins my free content you want to
keep my content flowing please consider
supporting my patreon campaign pledge a
couple dollars in support of my youtube
and live stream and get some cool
exclusive content while you're helping
me reach my goals like is that in the
description thank you anything hopes hey
there vlog and fanservice lovers I just
wanted to let you guys know that I now
have a serious upload schedule every day
is going to be normal update and topic
blogs except wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex head with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comments
and every other wednesday at sex 7 care
and every other Friday is going to be
friday night mail or fanservice fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube and
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my game play live
don't forget to check out tara babcock
TV or twitch TV / tara babcock subscribe
and don't forget to smile bye guys
