hey guys welcome to the first episode of
fanservice Friday the show that has
nothing to offer other than gratuitous
fanservice with the message there's
nothing wrong with exploring and
enjoying your sexuality and you should
never take yourself too seriously this
week at something really cool it's going
to be called the vlog through the
perverts eyes or something like that and
remember we do a fanservice Friday video
every other Friday with epinephrine at
male hey guys oh my god I have to tell
you what happened at my Magic the
Gathering tournament last weekend blah
blah blah
blah blah blah
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
bla la la la
and then I took his dick out of my mouth
and I was like you I'm out of here so
yeah don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel make sure you
check out more of my random vlogs JK
this is a fanservice Friday video and
remember don't take shit too seriously
in the comments just have fun with it
see you in two weeks with fanservice
Friday hey guys if you're doing my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
in support of my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you
anything hopes heythere's vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic blogs except
Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara reads comic and
every other Wednesday at sex 7 care and
every other Friday is going to be Friday
night mail or fanservice Fridays and
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming youtube at
youtube.com slash Tara back top games
and if you want to watch my gameplay
live don't forget to check out care
about TV or twitch.tv slash care about
down subscribe and don't forget to smile
bye guys
