hey guys I'm totally holding a selfie
stick oh there we go I can lean it on
the softbox I just did some videos for a
new patreon campaign which will show you
guys about in a few days but um I'm
super excited about it but also a little
bit uneasy because I was like the last
person to ask for donations on stream I
was the only streamer who didn't take
donations for a long time and then my
friends were like why are you not doing
it literally everyone else is doing it
and I just kept thinking that it was it
was kind of like begging but I wasn't
really feeling like I was having a
problem with the begging aspect I was
having problems with taking money from
people who you know work real jobs but
then I realize that I'm making free
content it doesn't make sense for me to
you know get a dollar here and there
from someone else and it's it's like $1
from everyone turns into a lot more
money than they end up spending so it's
not actually me draining someone else I
would feel really bad like there are a
couple of people who have given me
donations and I worry about whether or
not they can afford it I always make it
clear that you don't have to do that
when someone says oh I wish I could you
know give back to you or donate I'm like
woah no just watch the content do
whatever you can I don't expect anything
and nothing is required I still love you
guys just as much if you respect me in
my content that's all I can ask if you
watch my content you enjoy it that's all
I want but it is really nice to think
about maybe I can make a living off of
this so that's basically what my patreon
campaign is I got the the idea from a
viewer and then I looked into it and
there's a bunch of youtubers who also do
it to fund stuff and there are people
who just like make blogs and write about
their day and they take you know patreon
campaign donations it's basically like
an ongoing Kickstarter that doesn't it's
really like you can paper content
producer you can pay per month and I
would rather pay per month because I
produce content every single day and it
even said in the disclaimer like if you
produce content every single day you
don't want to you know prompt people to
you know empty out their bank account
because they're giving you one dollar
per vlog that turns into like fucking 30
bucks a month and you know it might be
too much so anything anything helps at
all I have goals on there and rewards
I'm trying to give back to people I
really love the idea of giving back to
people who donate to my cause and donate
too much you know helping me live my
dreams and
you know so I wanted to talk about that
a little bit today but first or but now
not first well after I've talked about
this for a while which I just did I'm
gonna talk about why I'm so open
sexually or why I'm so open in general I
guess I got this question on one of my
vlogs recently and I was like what
that's like all I talk about in my
videos and then I realized that I
haven't really explained in a video I
haven't spent a whole video explaining
why I am so open so I thought I would do
that now and maybe that'll shed some
light on it because it's like a known
fact someone who watches my vlogs knows
that I'm open but they don't really
maybe understand why or they're like wow
that's really cool I want to know more
about where her stance comes from so I
thought I would give a little bit of
insight onto that I was aware of my
sexuality from a very young age my first
sexual interest and you guys can't
fucking laugh was Eminem and I would
listen to Eminem and I was like he's so
hot and you know he would stir feelings
from within me that you know I didn't
really know where they were coming from
but I embraced them because why the fuck
wouldn't I rate I just want to you know
everyone in life should be in the
business of making themselves and the
people that care about happy and they
shouldn't really be I don't really
understand why everyone is trying so
hard to live up to the societal norms
like people for instance there was
something I was talking about with Jay
okay so there's this guy that we know in
magic who P is sitting down and Jay was
mentioning that people try so hard to be
normal that like they assess whether or
not peeing sitting down in society is
okay and then even if they do end up
peeing sitting down if that's the wrong
thing to do in society the thing that
will make you get fun of or be an
outcast for or whatever they will say
the opposite and then you know proceeded
to belittle the person who is open about
doing that kind of thing and it's
ridiculous how badly people want to be
normal when I grew up knowing that
normal is boring and being yourself is
the best and pretending to be something
else just catches up with you later and
it's not fun and it's not comfortable
and you can't just like freely express
yourself and live your life and I
realized that once I became confident
enough to you know own up to everything
that I've done any mistakes that I've
made or anything
I believe because I believe it even if
it's different than what other people
believe owning up to that just being
like yeah that's me it makes sense to me
do you want to talk about it I would
really be interested in talking about
your views and you know comparing and
contrasting them to mind because that's
interesting to me because I want to
learn I don't want to learn how to
pretend to be normal and so the
realization that you know sexuality is
something that every single human being
has within them and it's biological and
you can't change it everyone wants to
have sex everyone has the desire and
need for intimacy and there's nothing
wrong with that the fact that you people
are dissuaded from experimenting with
masturbation or anything that can kind
of get them in touch with what they like
sexually and what their sexuality is is
ridiculous like it makes us become a
sexually retarded and sexually
frustrated
community and society that is like lying
to each other's spouses and trying to
repress things and you know enjoying the
sexuality in the moment and then feeling
disgusted afterwards or ashamed
afterwards you should not be ashamed of
your sex sexuality it's like a basic
need just like needing to eat or needing
to drink water needing to hydrate all of
that stuff is necessary imagine if we
had to pretend like it wasn't or pretend
like it was shameful or pretend like the
bodies that that we own the one body
that we have is something to be ashamed
of and that we should you know not try
to make the healthiest and the sexiest
and that if we care about the way that
it looks we all of a sudden become some
terrible subculture of society that has
no redeeming qualities other than being
vapid and vain when it's just completely
not true why would you not want to be
the best version of yourself
your version of yourself not the one
that magazines tell you to be not the
ones that the feminists tell you to be
who are talking about hat being happy
with your natural size or being happy
with the fact that you're overweight
don't ever settle for what you consider
to be less and that's what I've always
lived by when I feel like I'm a little
overweight or when I feel like something
about me needs to change and I've
decided that you know I would like it
better if it were changed it's not
something that I obsess over and then I
worry about what people see my fat rolls
will people see
this and that oh my god what would they
think of me it's like no I look in the
mirror and I'm like I want to progress
in that you know how much fun and how
exciting that would be to improve myself
and then I go to the gym I work out I
work on it and I'm like tracking my
progress on the scale tracking my
progress in how my clothes fit tracking
my progress in the mirror and it's you
get a sense of pride in yourself when
you're working on yourself and there's
nothing wrong with that and it's the
same aspect for sexuality why should I
not talk candidly and open about
sexuality it's something we all
experience and that's something that I
feel like a lot of people will idolize
people and see them as like
holier-than-thou and that they're just
like you know idols like beyond human
humans but every single rapper that
you've ever looked up to every single
book writer or whoever you look up to as
a child you know pop star these people
fucking masturbate these people have sex
these people have an annoying
significant other that is you know just
in it for the money or likes to nag
about whether or not they have fucking
milk in the fridge that they're all just
human and people don't get that so
people put other people up on a pedestal
that's why I've never had an idol I look
at people and I'm like wow Christina
Aguilera has really really pretty blonde
hair I wonder what that would look like
on me I do it it looks really great on
me I think I'm gonna make that part of
Who I am because I feel more like myself
now that I've done this and I would take
bits and pieces from people who are
successful at a certain thing but I
never put them on a pedestal higher than
just they're another human who has a
good life or another human who we don't
even know if they have a good life you
know that they're rich and famous but
maybe there's some kind of it's like
kind of a stereotype even that the rich
and famous have skeletons in the closet
and things that they're unhappy about
and thing is that you know society would
think they look pathetic for like maybe
a drug addiction or you know they're
addicted to sex or some woman that is
holding them down everyone has problems
everyone has strife and sometimes the
richest and most famous of the loneliest
because everyone thinks that they have
this amazing life and everything is
perfect so they want to like put them
down or use them for that and you just
have to try to put yourself in other
people's shoes and you have to
understand that if you're feeling this
if you're feeling lusty if you're
feeling like you want to have sex or you
want to masturbate or you want to you
know try different things in bed and you
have fetishes or whatever you know there
are other people out there that do too
it's not just you you're not a freak
you're not fucked up there's nothing
wrong with you
that's just how we are and as long as
you abide by the laws and as long as
you're you know healthy and everyone
else involved is healthy there is
nothing wrong with any kind of sex act
you just it's it's just basic to me like
people wonder why a lot of girls will if
they're talking about sex they'll be
like oh yeah and then I love bah bah bah
and they're clearly just trying to pull
people in by using sex by using the sex
cells kind of statement whereas when you
watch my sex ed videos I'm not like
trying to turn you on maybe you know a
byproduct of what I'm doing will turn
you on because I'm talking about it but
it's just like a very frank discussion
like and don't use teeth when you give a
blowjob it's not like and if you just
suck the tip really hard and people try
to make it some kind of like dirty thing
when really we should just be talking
about it like it's educational we should
just be open about it and share
experiences and you know it shouldn't be
something that's disgusting or degrading
or terrible it's just who we are as
human beings and trying to deny that is
actually stupid something else I don't
like is that okay so people try to put
other people down based on their
fetishes or their desires one of my
favorite viewers like I don't I don't
remember Vee as a sub I don't think he
is but he watches my stream all the time
and he's fucking great and he said
something like I don't know why anyone
would ever jerk off to a twitch stream
like those people are sad and that to me
is such a terrible statement and I kind
of reprimanded him for it but didn't
want to talk about it too much that I
didn't want to feel like I was putting
him on the spot because I appreciate his
support I appreciate him watching the
stream and sticking around and you know
helping out and talking about the games
but that kind of attitude is so
detrimental to society because yeah
maybe you're not into it maybe that's
not what gets you off but maybe you know
girls in clothes playing video games is
something that turns that guy on and
that shouldn't be something he should be
ashamed of I'm sure he has something in
turn that he could be ashamed of because
it's a fetish that he likes everyone has
some kind of weird fetish or something
and they want to try or something
they're curious and everyone at one
point is either bicurious or
interested in feet or wants to try anal
which is one of the lesser evils because
you know now it's like cool to do anal
but anything else it's not cool like
it's all the fucking same shit you want
to experiment in sex it doesn't matter
what it is specifically you should just
do it as long as it's safe and legal it
why not
you should you know enjoy yourself and
if anyone tries to shit talk you for
that you know fuck them they're living
by society's code of making fun of
people for doing the same shit that they
fucking do and it's highly hypocritical
it's actually fucking stupid so thank
you guys for watching I hope you guys
are enjoying the fact that I have a new
schedule now the last couple days before
my Tara Reid's comments video I have
been slacking but that's because I just
need an extra sleep if but like I would
wake up I would make food I would watch
an episode of white collar which is what
I'm watching right now and I would feel
sluggish and lethargic and then I would
go to the gym and I would like force
myself to do things I would go tanning I
would come home and I would just like
pass out on the bed and be like I need
some fucking rest and I did that like
three times in a row and then I was like
okay you know what I need to take a
really really long sleep because lately
with this PayPal thing and everything
that I've been like kind of stressing
about and everything that I've had to do
I've gotten little to no sleep and it
sucked so I caught up on sleep and now
I'm not gonna be skipping any more days
of stream I'm not going to be skipping
any more days of vlogs or anything like
that and I really appreciate your
patience and support I keep trying to
update you guys on Instagram so
Instagram is the best place if you want
to know what the fuck is going on with
my schedule I would appreciate you going
there okay I'm gonna fucking take a
picture oh I stopped the video instead
of taking a picture okay I wanted to
take it thumbnail before I start
sweating even more because it's really
hot in here so I hope that it kind of
sums up why it just seems logical and
rational for me to be open about it and
I feel like I want to help people be
more open about it because a lot of
people are ashamed of what they're doing
a lot of people feel disgusting after
they do something that they enjoyed and
they should just fully enjoy it and
revel in it not be fuckin so uptight
about everything because who gives a
shit with society so society is actually
hypocritical and retarded and you can
tell them to fuck off basically I love
you guys and
I hope this resonates with you in some
way I yeah people were asking me if I
like brown guys Asian guys but now that
I did a video about black guys um I
didn't feel the need to list off all of
the amazing black guys in my life or
that I know or that are in the media
obviously because that just seems like
some kind of weird stereotypical thing
to do to try to really push that my
opinion about my preferences is not
racist in any way and the fact that I
don't like hoodrats that's not racist in
any way I don't feel the need to back
myself up on that point because all of
my rational viewers which I feel like is
a majority of you guys who a majority of
you guys that aren't rational I've
pissed off enough that you guys have
left and now I'm left with a pool of
amazing rational people and I just want
to thank you guys for that being so
fucking amazing to me and listening to
my content I've gotten so many cool
ideas from you guys so keep the ideas
coming and keep the support coming I
really appreciate it I will see you guys
tomorrow
ah hey guys if you're joining my free
content you want to keep my content
flowing please consider supporting my
patreon campaign pledge a couple dollars
and supported my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you
anything else hey there vlog and fan
service lovers I just wanted to let you
guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is gonna be
normal update and topics vlogs except
Wednesdays are gonna be interchangeably
Tara Reid's comments and sex ed with
Tara so that means every other Wednesday
is Tara Reid's comment and every other
Wednesday is sex 7 Tara and every other
Friday is gonna be Friday night mail or
fanservice Fridays and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel as well as my
gaming YouTube at youtube.com slash Tara
bat club games and if you want to watch
my gameplay live don't forget to check
out tarababu TV or twitch.tv slash care
about that subscribe and don't forget to
smile bye guys
