hey guys welcome to episode number
345,000 of penis fuck anal vagina the
show that's a little bit less coherent
than what I just said so we're going to
be looking at comments today it's been a
while since I've done with these but
remember it's gonna be now every other
Wednesday uploaded for sure hopefully
let's go do the honor of accepting my
dick pic graciously if you make out with
a chick in any of your upcoming videos I
will be so happy I will shut down my
youtube account please do so is your
YouTube account causing harm to the
world I don't understand why I would
want you to shut it down so passionately
it's like I would have to hate you to
make out with chicks so I don't hate you
so I'm not gonna make out with chicks
one girl just made me come on the floor
only one girl I make every guy come on
the floor that that was like standard
not she's like a I don't want anywhere
near me I had a roommate tell me to put
on some pants because I wear short
shorts all the time when it's warm
enough and I was like nah then put on my
fishnets way to show him he must have
been gay Wow yeah because kids who see
this really need to know about your sex
life kids should be educated on sex
that's just a fact
censorship only leads to sexual
retardation you can continue being
sexually retarded I'm perfectly fine
with that you talk too damn much just
suck a dick it's actually kind of good
advice I think I will my penis is harder
than weed I don't think we're you're
smoking as weed it's more like bricks
miss B hopefully you're having a
wonderful day I just wanted to take a
second to thank you for your channel
your Chanel I find you very smart and
funny Beauty goes without saying wishing
you all the best Bob thank you Bob I
will continue to create on my chanel
your taste of cum bid was funny and I'm
guessing a lot of guys and went and shot
in their mouth to taste their cum
we're just gonna ignore the grammar and
everything about the sentence and just
point to the fact that he was probably
one of the guys testing his comeback for
this video because I don't really think
that's something rational to believe
that someone did because of this video
in the first place
no puns intended actually you did
intended it Oh women standing up to take
a piss I used to jerk off to that shit
parenthesis I was a sexual deviant back
in mid oh wait bite me faggots and
parentheses hey Tara you should check
out a band called tool the album
undertow is what kind of fucking
but I have to be not to know the band
tool this means that because you think I
don't know the band tool or anyone the
world could possibly not know the band
tool you barely know the band tool and
therefore you are a dumb fuck hey guys
you should check out that band Britney
Spears she's a pretty cool chick I bet
no one has heard of Britney Spears I'm
so edgy you keep going there are plenty
of fucktards in this world
I like your content I don't agree with
everything you say but I don't agree
with everything my fiance says either
fucking misogynist why are we in love
there's nothing more attractive than a
person who is who he or she wants to be
I like that comment hey girl my cum
tastes like coconuts the like hairy
outside or milky inside I used to be fat
and short but then I got tall and
handsome but I'm still a gamer I mean I
should hope so it does seem like there's
a stereotype around banning people who
are tall and handsome or short and sexy
from playing video games it's like my
hobby of playing video games is not good
enough to hold the people who actually
have something to do in their lives
Gaming is only for nerds and retards who
can't talk to other people fuck anyone
who thinks like that you don't respect
gaming you don't respect other people
you just sound jealous and ignorant you
don't know anything you put your tits in
the video for views I put my tits in the
video because my tits are attached to me
and they always look like this and for
no other reason I put the content up for
views though because why else would I
make content ironic that you're telling
me I don't know anything I like you and
you're totally sexy mwah
is this a person that actually knows the
difference between your with an
apostrophe and one without someone on
the internet still knows proper grammar
it's so rare I feel like I should marry
this guy before someone else grabs him
du Loup women love to give blowjobs I
think if any guy for any reason ever
ever ever ever spends even point zero
zero zero zero zero zero zero one second
thinking about the size of someone's
junk the knee is gay not that there is
anything wrong with that but for a
straight dude that is just weird sister
it's a weird sister okay first of all
thinking about the size of someone's
junk so not even your own second of all
you are very very not comfortable with
your sexuality clearly guys won't act
like this are the types of guys who end
up being gainer in the closet are very
religious and they're like oh my god
okay come out as being
let's bash everyone that actually is and
also 100% wrong every guy is aware that
when they see a huge penis it's a huge
penis they thought about it for longer
than point zero zero zero zero one
second Tara you're my kind of girl
right back at you anime babe but black
magic J is curious what other people's
definition of ghetto and ratchet is you
know to kind of gauge his own ghetto
also do you ratchet is it E if you need
to know what people think ghetto or
ratchet is your probably get or ratchet
Tara please answer quick I'm thirteen
and would love you give me a blowjob if
I asked you in real life know if there
was even a question there I've never
heard anyone called pigtails twin
ponytails that is really cute alright
we're gonna switch over the gaming
channel
holy shit in pancakes Batman just called
DBZ and told them to replace Android 18
for Tara Babcock I'd be down with that
Tara when you rage you look so so sexy
ahh
did you just come to me raging it's kind
of hot
I'm so sad the video is over oh you make
me want to make like 3,000 more videos a
day just for you so cute please for your
sake quit it's obvious that you can't do
it it has taken you 12 bits to get to
the courtyard that's half the game not
hating but please just quit this game is
pure pressure and you don't manage well
under it that's why it makes good videos
also you should quit your life because
you're bad at that ah where can I find
this game Steam ps4 Vita for some reason
it's called a Kiba strip undead and
undressed ah
Terra you're so pretty I want to fuck
your pussy and your tits and I want to
come inside your pussy what a cert on Oh
teach to you German I don't even have to
ask that question for you with English
because the answer is nobody
skarner speaks German though he says if
you use his old spear minding it's like
feel my thing in English oh it doesn't
stop trolling me I'm gonna be like
listening for that the whole time what
would you do if you were ugly get pretty
pretty easy answer
not to sound hypocritical but you are a
good-looking girl beautiful body those
lips and blue or green eyes are amazing
God bless and continued success
hypocritical think you're using that
word wrong alright guys that's it for
this episode of Tara Reid's comments or
whatever you want to call it I'm gonna
call something different at the
beginning of every video ah I feel like
this one was kind of slow but I always
feel like they're not very funny until
they edit it
we listen to it seems pretty good um
hopefully this is just a slow start you
guys need to start posting stupid or
comments because I feel like these
comments it was like a one out of ten of
them were stupid come on this is the
part that I love the haters for they
definitely helped me make good content
alright guys bye hope you enjoyed hey
guys if you're enjoying my free content
you want to keep my content flowing
please consider supporting my patreon
campaign pledge a couple dollars in
support of my youtube and live stream
and get some cool exclusive content
while you're helping me reach my goals
link is down in the description thank
you anything helps hey there vlog and
fanservice lovers I just wanted to let
you guys know that I now have a serious
upload schedule every day is going to be
normal update and topic vlogs except
Wednesdays are going to be
interchangeably Tara Reid's comments and
sex ed with Tara so that means every
other Wednesday is Tara Reid's comments
and every other Wednesday is sex editor
and every other Friday is going to be
Friday night mail or fanservice Fridays
and don't forget to subscribe to this
channel as well as my gaming YouTube at
youtube.com slash Tara backup games and
if you want to watch my gameplay live
don't forget to check out Tara Babcock
TV or twitch TV slash care about gun
subscribe and don't forget to smile bye
guys
