in life my current issue with paypal and
i'm terribly ad revenue sucks and
because of the suggestion from one of my
lovely viewers I've created a patreon
campaign what is patreon you ask well
it's basically an ongoing Kickstarter a
place where you can pledge a certain
amount per month that you choose to
support your favorite free content
producers you know if something small
you can afford and don't worry my
youtube and stream content will still be
free this is just so I can make ends
meet while I'm making free content for
you guys and I have exclusive rewards on
my patreon page for the viewers who help
me out which is super exciting right and
I've also set goals for how much money I
want to make per month on my patreon
campaign so for instance when I get to
500 dollars I want to buy all new
equipment to make my content even better
there is nothing I love more than making
content playing games and interacting
with you guys it doesn't matter if my
content was recorded here here or here
it always comes from here I mean here so
if you're loving my content please
consider supporting me on patreon to my
patreon link it down in the description
and don't forget to post a comment here
or on my patreon page if you have any
ideas for cool rewards I can offer you
guys thank you all so much for your
continued support I'm trying to help
make my dreams a reality
anything helps whether it's turning off
adblock just watching my content or
supporting me on patreon bye guys thank
you so much
