hey guys how awesome is my shirt it's
pretty fucking awesome right the best
that it's so fucking rare when I find
something nerdy that I actually like the
content of that also shows my boobs like
what the fuck this is like one of the
best shirts ever what I hate though is
that it's like a tunic so it's kind of
like loose on the stomach and when I
stand up it kind of looks like I'm wider
in the waist that I am so it kind of
hides the shape of my waist and that's
something that's kind of annoying I'm
also trying out a purple smokey eye
which doesn't look very good on me but
I've been having fun taking Instagram
pictures and stuff I'm going to be
streaming uh my favorite night of the
week which is retro night with Jane a
little bit uh this is absolutely
extremely loud can I turn this down
I'm watching se G live and then I
decided to do a vlog so yeah it looks
like it's still tight control versus a
green black company but it's not even
live it's just around 3 to 15 when round
3 happened like a billion years ago
anyway um something that you guys said
last time on the note of the fact that
I'm the only youtuber who replies to
comments I think you can't be too mad at
youtubers who are popular who don't
reply to comments because like yesterday
ok I posted that really personal vlog
and so I read all the comments like
multiple times refreshed and read it all
and tried to reply to as many people as
I could but then I started feeling like
I was favorite izing a few of them then
I felt like I should reply to all of
them and the majority of them were so
supportive the comments were amazing and
I just felt so warm and fuzzy that you
guys are so supportive of me and I
wanted to reply to you all until you
guys all individually how much I love
you guys and I ended up replying to like
what like a tenth of the comments maybe
even less and it took me like a couple
hours so I ended up getting sucked into
this vacuum this rabbit hole of like
reading comments replying to them
reading comments replying to them and
then wondering if the person replied
back to me and it I could have like
edited a video that I needed that is do
a couple in a couple days I could have
written down all of the releases that
I'm interested in for my game release
video for this month and I didn't I
spent time just as like sitting there
having pointless internet conversations
but I think it is very important and it
should be part of a content producers
job to give back to the community as
much as possible to have
open dialog with the community because
you guys are what make me popular at all
if I don't have fans I don't make money
and that's not the case for a lot of
professions but with content producing
and with game content producing in
particular and vlogs and stuff it is
very important to have a open line of
communication with your fans and I'm
glad that I'm able to do that and I'm
glad that I get sucked into doing that
but then I feel bad to the people that I
don't reply to so anyone I don't reply
to I do read your comments and maybe if
the the video is like over a week old
and it's a new comment on there maybe I
don't see those comments but I do go
back to the more popular videos and re
re read all the comments or read new
comments like on feel free to FAP and
stuff so you are appreciated don't stop
commenting don't stop replying to me
don't stop giving me new ideas I fucking
love you guys and I'm so fortunate
feeling that I am back to normal and
that everything worked out like you
always tell yourself everything's gonna
work out for the better everything is
gonna be fine everything will fall into
place but I feel like this time it very
truly did and the alternative would have
been absolutely horrible and I'm just I
feel so lucky now that we've got that
out of the way all of the mushy stuff
let's talk about blackcock should we I
think we should it's a very common
question that someone asks me if I like
black guys and I wanted to give a more
verbose answer to that where I'm
actually thorough with it so I think the
whole stereotype of black men having
huge dicks is pretty stupid not only
does it make black men who are average
or below average which do exist feel
kind of shitty because it's possible
that a girl is getting into relationship
with him just to see his gigantic dick
and then you know he's going to
disappoint her and I imagine for a man
that feeling is very terrible but like
the average black man's penis is only
like not even an inch bigger than a
white man's penis and only like an inch
and a half or two inches bigger than the
average Asian penis which everyone makes
fun of as being you know the race and
the the nationality and ethnicity that
has like tiny penis is woo and while it
is true that there are you know smaller
penises in Asia you know on average
there are like tall Asians with big
penises and there's tall Asians little
penises and they're short Asians with
big penises and that's just how it works
and you know I've only had like ten
penises in me ever but you know I have
seen enough to know that it isn't
directly related to your height it isn't
directly related to your ethnicity and
people should kind of calm down long
calm down on that and then there's
always like this this is negative or
positive depending on how you look at it
connotation surrounding women who have
sex with black guys it's like oh she
must be kinky oh she must be this or
that she must be a gold digger she must
be ghetto all the shit is just fucking
stupid um now let's actually talk about
my own preferences am i a girl that is
prone to dating or finding black men
attractive no because the problem with
black men for me is that a lot of them
have go with the whole like hip-hop
stereotype in the the hip-hop culture
which to me is a huge turnoff like if
you sag your pants really far down if
you wear EKKO South Pole Sean John all
that kind of stuff or if you you know
speak with Ebonics or you try to pretend
to be uneducated or you're really into
like rap culture like that stuff is
unattractive to me and it's something
not only is it unattractive I feel like
I can't really relate to someone who's
like that because my life is so
completely different and the things that
I like are so completely different and
often like I can see I can imagine
an erotic novel that I could write where
I'm taking some creative license here
because this is not reality but let's
say I can if I can imagine you know this
like big buff gangster guy and the
opposites attract and some stupid shit
happens and you know we like each other
and it's like a ridiculous unhealthy
relationship and I can imagine that
being hot right but like I more or less
like to have common ground with someone
when I am into them and does this mean
I'm racists no not at all does this mean
that if a hot black guy comes up and I'm
attracted to him I won't sleep with him
no that's not what that means does that
mean that I never find black men
attractive yeah I do it's just rarer
because they what comes with it is not
really my type have I ever had sex with
a black guy no I have not I dated a
black eye
when I was in sixth grade isn't it was
malcolm love believe it or not and i
still have his sweater somewhere at my
parents house and like a pile of things
that i don't use or want anymore really
it's like a really old sweater that was
like falling apart and I took it in Ward
and then kept it and it's like a I have
a lot of trinkets and things from
ex-boyfriends and that's one of those
but um do I look at all black people and
look down on them no do i stereotype
people who look act and dressed the way
that I feel is a stereotype sure but
then anyone can change my mind I am very
open-minded to being you know swayed to
think differently based on new evidence
and that's something that I think is
very important is to be open-minded like
a lot of people come into my stream
they'll be like this girl looks like a
dumb blonde and then they will
immediately think that no matter what
their mind cannot be changed this girl
is a dumb blonde she's stupid she's a
whore she's in this for the money she
doesn't actually like games and no one
can change their minds and that's just
like I don't know if it's based on like
past traumas where they got like
swirlies from girls like me in high
school or something or they're just
having a bad day and they're taking it
out on me there are many reasons why
people hate on the Internet
but there are only a few psychological
reasons why someone won't actually
change their minds like trolls are
different than people who actually have
close minds and only stereotype people
and only prejudge people and hold that
until the death like those types of
people I I don't understand it all
because I am not that kind of person and
I feel like you are a much healthier
happier person if you were not that kind
of person but um an anecdote I have
about a black guys's there was just like
attractive like mixed black guy with
green eyes that I thought was really
attractive in when I was going to
college and um he was in my writing
class or something I don't know and when
he talked it was like oh can you stop
talking because he was trying so hard to
be like his favorite rapper or something
I was like what the fuck it was like
y'all and shit was like I can't even do
it I sound like a fucking redneck when I
do it because I can't emulate that kind
of thing because I'm so fucking white
but um and you know sometimes like you
know in porn or something like it's fun
like a lot of people like watching this
and they won't
meda tore something but you know it's
fun to see the black guys in porn who do
have big dicks and it's fun to watch
them fuck you know white girls and all
that stuff is hot and great but like in
practice I haven't really found many
stereotypical black guys that I could
you know relate to or find attractive
like there was a guy that came up to me
at the gym and he was like hey I think I
told you guys a story before so if
you're a longtime viewer of my vlog you
will remember this but he came up to me
and asked me what I do for fun like he
was clearly trying to hit on me and this
guy wasn't even attracted to begin with
like he was like pretty ugly um and he
he was like what do you do for fun and I
said gaming and he was like oh that's
boring and he was still trying to hit on
me it wasn't like oh I'm gonna be so
attracted to this guy that's telling me
that what I'm passionate about is boring
oh yes please take my fucking pussy
right now with your obviously gigantic
black dick please like right now I'm so
turned on like what you gotta be a
fucking in fluid to do something like
that and then there's uh there's this
guy they're like at least 20 black dudes
that I can name who are into games who
are intelligent who are awesome and if
they were my type physically and if they
were attractive I wouldn't hesitate to
get into a relationship with them if the
timing was right and shit like that like
you know I can't say that yeah I would
fuck this guy like 100 percent because
you know I'm not into just like dropping
my panties for anyone in any
circumstance just because I think
they're kind of attractive but um I
don't I'm not racist I don't
discriminate I've never had sex to the
black guy but I'm not completely closed
off to having sex with anyone who's
attractive and that's basically my
response to that but I'm not like the
biggest dick I've ever had or seen was
not a black guy and it's just kind of
and I've seen a lot of like dicks in
general or dicks and porn that I'm you
know they're not as big as the white
dicks I've seen and it's so stupid that
people act like it's some kind of
novelty when the fact is that the
average isn't even that much higher and
it you know creates negative stereotypes
as well and it's just men
overall and I also don't like the type
of girl who says she only is into black
guys and then says that it's because
white guys are inferior in some way it's
just like what are you it's like a lot
of people like to create an image that
isn't really them but that they want
other people to believe about them
because they think that that's cool and
often you can see right through that
shit it's kind of like facepalm II and
cringy and I'm saying so I don't know
I'm sorry to disappoint anyone who
thought I was going to go into detail
about the hundreds of black dicks have
taken it once and you know I'll fetch it
but uhm I think it'll be fun to read the
comments I saw a couple guys saying that
the comments are gonna be hilarious
because people are going to be in there
being insecure no matter what I like one
of the comments I replied to there's
like no matter what she says people are
gonna be in here arguing with each other
because they're going to be insecure
about something or other and I thought
that was kind of funny and it's true so
let the funny comments begin I'm
starting up my Tara Reid's comments
section next week so I'm gonna need a
lot of fodder for that shit so let's do
it
alright guys I'm gonna go play Donkey
Kong Country with J I'm gonna take this
picture where people are gonna be like
oh let's see what she says about black
dick yeah I think that's that's in it
that's a good face that I just did for
for the thumbnail of this ridiculous
vlog but yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow I have a bunch of cool topics
coming up and I'm trying to find my gun
before I do the vlog on guns and weapons
and how I feel about them but I don't
know where the fuck I put it which is
like stupid I don't even have bullets
for it because I have to go to my dad
made it so that I have to go to the
shooting range and you know get
accustomed to it before I'm allowed to
have bullets and it's like locked away
somewhere and I found the key to it and
the lock to it but I cannot find the
actual box that it's in and it's like
what is wrong with me anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow oh I watch this new
intro in her intro outro watch my new
scheduled outro in 3 2 1
hey there's vlog and fanservice lovers I
just wanted to let you guys know that I
now have a serious upload schedule every
day is going to be normal update and
topics vlogs except Wednesdays are going
to be interchangeably Tara Reid's
comments and sex ed with Tara so that
means every other Wednesday is Tara
Reid's comments and every other
Wednesday is sex ed mascara and every
other Friday is going to be Friday night
mail or fanservice Fridays and don't
forget to subscribe to this channel as
well as my gaming youtube at youtube.com
slash Tara backup games and if you want
to watch my gameplay live don't forget
to check out tear about TV or twitch.tv
slash care about that subscribe and
don't forget to smile bye guys
