hey guys I have something different for
you today I want to talk about yesterday
which was one of the worst days of my
life in a long fucking time and I I had
a topic for today I was gonna talk about
something interesting like I don't know
how he feels about guns and weapons or
people have been asking me to do a video
on whether or not I would fuck a black
guy and I know that would be very
popular but I don't really get to do
really heart to heart type things I feel
like um the measure of a person is
deciphered when they're having hard
times and I feel like I haven't gotten
to show you guys very many of my hard
times I've had like stupid shit where I
was like you know having strife with my
friend Wesley or something but it was
nothing that really hit me as hard as
what went down yesterday and I wish I
had made a vlog yesterday when I was
like on the verge of tears because it
would have been more real but now
everything's kind of resolved and I'm
feeling a lot better and I want to
preface this by saying by talking a
little bit about my relationship with
Jay when we were younger he went to
college and he worked whenever it was
necessary to help fund my my dreams my
careers he pushed me hard to do
everything that I wanted to do in my
life and everything that I thought I
wanted to do he thought was possible
because he always believed in me and I
feel like everyone should have someone
like that in their life that really
believes in them and knows that they're
special and Jay went above and beyond in
that regard because he even put his own
life on hold and he put his own dreams
on hold in order to kind of help mine
come to fruition when we when I first
turned 18 he was about 20 and he just
got out of his bachelor's degree and he
decided he was going to get a job to
help support my modeling career and my
modeling career took off pretty quickly
and he didn't really quit for quite a
while just to make sure that we were
safe because you know like we were
making a lot of money at that point but
it also felt like he wanted to you know
do something with his degree rather than
just you know get an expensive degree
and then stop so he ended up taking more
schooling at the same time but also
holding a job to make sure that we were
stable even though I was successful at
the time we were like modeling is really
iffy and I have to travel a lot I have
to do a lot of shit in order to make
enough money and he held that job for a
while and at the point where he was
starting to hate that job with a passion
I was falling out of love with modeling
I was hating the people that we were
with I was hating travelling we both
hate traveling and I really wanted to
try to make the gaming thing work once I
found out that you could live stream
games it was like holy fucking shit this
is the best thing ever when I found out
that I could you know be a youtuber and
that people are actually interested in
my content and stuff that was like one
of the most amazing feelings so I wanted
to try it out he was like yeah fucking
go for it you know I'll pick up the
slack where you leave off and at first
it didn't make any money at all like
gaming was like being poor we're
modeling was like having all the riches
and you know but you were really busy
and traveling and I didn't ever get to
play games and that's what I wanted to
do that's all I felt like doing and the
only time I really felt like I connected
with people was when I was playing World
of Warcraft or when I was playing
Starcraft especially will it'll work out
because that's more of a social game but
like the people in my guild we're like
actually people I could communicate with
they weren't just like airhead retards
or people who are just like trying to
get in my pants and that's how I always
felt when I was modeling it was like
what the fuck um so I really wanted to
you know make my real dreams come true
like I thought my dream is back then
were to be a model because I don't
really think you can do anything with
gaming I knew I wasn't the best in the
world and that didn't make any sense so
Jay kept a shitty job that he hated very
much at Boeing where he was a contractor
making like 1/10 of what the Boeing
directs make and you know even though he
was a supervisor he was being treated
like shit by his higher-ups and a lot of
people didn't like him and um it was
kind of serendipity that he ended up
losing his job and we found out that I
can actually make almost enough like
okay around the time that I was making
over $1000 on my vlog channel was the
time he lost his job so we were like oh
we're perfectly fine I'm doing this I'm
finally making it and then like I told
you guys like a month ago I made a vlog
about it all of a sudden at least 70
percent of my income on my blog channel
just dropped down it dropped it down
lower than what I was making on my
gaming channel and lower than when I was
making on Twitch which was like
basically nothing and that was it was a
really it was hard to feel my dreams
within grasp it was like right there I
was getting there it was gonna be great
I was gonna move into a bigger house I
was finally gonna own my own house which
is something that I've always wanted to
do and have like a bunch of different
rooms right gonna do this kind of video
here with this backdrop and this kind of
video they're like all
to youtubers and I I don't ever want
anything extravagant I just want to be
comfortable in my life and happy and
spend as much time with Jay as I
possibly can and play as many games as I
possibly can like that's what I want to
do with my life and I want to you know
have time to improve and go to the gym
and other than that I just want to be
comfortable and happy with where I'm
living and um I saw that dream within my
reach and it might sound pretty silly
because I'm more fortunate than most but
it got ripped from me when I started
making like a thousand dollars less than
I was a month and it was like oh I'm not
growing anymore I'm back down to where I
started and that kind of like hit me
pretty hard but of course Jay was there
to be like you can do it let's just
fucking start streaming morelets you
know make sure we do everything we
possibly can and he started helping me
edit I was always on my own with
everything that I did in terms of
content producing he started helping me
edit and just so fucking amazing to me
and then yesterday um some okay so some
asshole decided to donate to my stream
um and if you guys don't know anything
about content producers content
producers for making you free content
and if you want to support the streamer
you go ahead and you donate or you you
know send them gifts or whatever just to
make them feel like you appreciate them
in any you know content producers not
myself but maybe myself I don't know
content producers change people's lives
make people happy when they're sad make
people laugh when they want to cry and
so something like that actually means
something
that um people like me not necessarily
means that no people are gonna like
yourself follow yourself I'm not talking
about me I know this has happened where
I like to watch content when I'm sad not
that I'm usually sad except for
yesterday
it was kind of weird I felt like it was
immune to sadness because how amazing my
life has been recently but um yesterday
some asshole decided to donate twelve
hundred dollars and then charge it back
and PayPal decided that my account was
high-risk and closed it now if you don't
know anything about PayPal it is a
fucking monopoly there is nothing else
you can do to take donations other than
like Bitcoin which doesn't even make any
sense and when I tried it out it didn't
work and um it was absolutely
devastating to me because I was finally
starting to make a little bit more money
other than my ad revenue which is like
almost nothing and sums which is very
helpful but it's not
the open-ended income helper that
donations are and I was like wow not
only am I losing all of my you know
monetary gain from my vlog channel I now
don't have the opportunity to even take
donations and people want to give me
donations but I can't fucking take them
because PayPal is a piece of shit in
there a mine like they're a monopoly and
I have nowhere else to go
and like when I was reading online there
was different things that are kind of
like a Bitcoin there's like reddit coin
but my viewers don't have an account
there they don't feel comfortable with
that kind of thing and it was much more
complicated and I wish I was just
feeling like what am I going to do I
provided all the information I did
everything I could
it's not my fault that some guy tried to
charge back his donation and get
attention on my stream and be a dick and
then a little bit of happiness came when
I got a message back saying that I get
to keep the money and that there was
nothing fraudulent obviously and I just
fucking thought that PayPal was so funny
and it was like such a little bit of
sweet justice but before that I was on
the brink of like tears I was like this
one hits to my following my dreams
through my blog Channel and now another
hit and like can I even fucking do this
am I going to be able to make enough
money and have the lifestyle that I've
always dreamed of and you know or am I
gonna like thinking about going back to
my lifestyle as a full-time model it's
just like oh my god I don't want to do
it it's like in some ways a lower
lifestyle it's not all it's cracked up
to be like people think like I love
making sexy content in my own vision but
I hate dealing with the constant
traveling and the constant like really
superficial people and it was just like
awful for me and it was tiring and I
don't want Jay to go back to like having
a shitty job where he doesn't get to
follow his dreams of like working out
and bodybuilding and you know being
better and than everyone at video games
and that was something that was like oh
my god I'm letting him down and that's
how it felt and yesterday I was like on
the verge of tears I don't know what
we're gonna do and then I talked to Mia
Rose who has always been like a mentor
to me because she's the only girl I know
of that was gaming live-streaming before
me
I'm literally I've been streaming for
like three years so it's funny that a
lot of people think I'm new but um
when I'm playing league because I didn't
originally play league but anyway um she
was like you should just fucking call
them tell them what they're doing to
your career and your income and tell
them what you do and make it clear that
you're not high risk so I stayed up all
night thinking about that and then 4:00
a.m. when I can call PayPal I called
them I was able to lift the first chick
I talked to she's like sorry we're not
gonna get rid of the limitation on your
account because it's a final decision I
was like okay can I speak to your
manager
and I was like super genial and
everything was fuckin amazing and he was
like yeah dude we're sorry it's all good
and I am just good that I can finally
conduct my streaming just like every
other streamer in the world it made no
sense to me it was like I don't know
what to do because every other streamer
in the fucking world takes donations
every other content producer who makes
free content in the fucking world takes
donations through PayPal PayPal so
initially when I thought about making
this vlog it was gonna be a fuckin pay
pal blog based blog basically but now I
feel so much better and if anyone ever
has this issue I really hope you guys
call them and try to sort it out and
definitely ask to speak to a higher up
because I think the people who are on
the on the phone at first are the people
who are just told to read what's going
on in your account and relay it back to
you they're not really they don't really
have the the clearance to go ahead and
change something like that but after 15
15 minute phone call I'm back to where I
was and I think little things like this
that feel so big to me and feel like
such a big hit to my happiness kind of
put things into perspective and now if I
felt very blessed before I feel even
more blessed now because things are back
to normal and I have a way to deal with
stuff like that and it felt like the
thing that hurts the most is that like
my YouTube didn't hit like an instant
spike it grew over the course of like
six months and got to like something
that's actually a powerhouse something
that actually made a significant amount
of money for my income and that it felt
like an achievement you know it felt
like people I'm making my content better
people I'm uploading more often people
are more interested and then to just
have that drop in the blink of an eye
it's like terrible and it makes you feel
like okay even if I do get back up there
again when is it all gonna fall apart I
can
have this kind of income and be like oh
I'm making three grand a month off of
YouTube and then it could just look book
and then I can't afford my mortgage or
something you know it's it's very weird
and I've just kind of been like I can do
it I'll get through it it'll be okay and
the same happened with PayPal where it's
like okay I can illegally make another
PayPal account but they'll probably find
it and close it and then what am I gonna
do keep making PayPal accounts make one
of my mom's name like what am I gonna do
and um I'm glad that it's resolved and I
feel so fuckin blessed and happy that
it's resolved and I just want to share
that with you guys so that was literally
like okay I can't do this I'm gonna have
to find a different way to do things
that other than what I love and it's I'm
gonna have even less time for doing fun
shoots I'm gonna have even less time for
the things that I actually love about
modeling and the things that I actually
love like gaming and it's like oh so
yeah I hopefully hopefully you guys
found this interesting sharing a little
bit of my life there's nothing I won't
share with you guys and if there's
anything that really hurts me or breaks
my heart I want to share it with you
guys and tell you guys about it and let
you guys know where I am with my life I
don't do update videos as much as I do
topic videos lately but if anything
happens I will anita snow thank you so
much being there for me through all of
its when I'm sad when I'm hurt knowing
that you guys are there for me just to
watch my content just a comment just to
have conversations with me just to give
me more topics to talk about because
you're interested in what I have to say
I did it means the fucking world to me
and if I don't make any money off of
this it it's you guys that keeps me
going like seriously thank you so much
bye guys I'm gonna go do a F&M video so
this is gonna be out after the epidemic
but yeah
I and to make a sad face cuz I'm
probably gonna name this like heartbreak
or something stupid bike
