hey guys went up to a new episode of
Friday night mail we have kind of a
normal medium i would say sighs friday
night mail for you guys today and i'm
wearing these stupid glasses that you
guys all love which I I don't know why
so tacky right all right first things
first is we have a letter I think it's
been the same guy that sent me a letter
before and I'm super excited openness
let's do this I just like ripped the
shit out of the sample of groups don't
read this part on can everything else is
fun though what is cute yeah better not
so much PS that face is yours from the
fnm where you read my letter it's at 135
237 your we're opening a package with
socks so guys if you want to go to F&M
number 6 at 135 to 137 let's check out
that face PSS i still have green hair
psss slap lines are fucking pain in the
ass telling me and here's the face maybe
i'll change the brightness or take an
Instagram picture of it or something so
I can actually show you so I'm not quite
sure it's showing up on the camera and
by the way i am using the new ring flash
that i got last time it's pretty good he
strikes at youth from the depths of the
first coat he'll prepare your anus oh my
god it's foxy i fucking hate foxy and
then on the back it says foxy I didn't
do it face was Bonnie yes you did give
me my face back thank you so much Riley
you're so sweet and I one thing I'm not
supposed to read you guys who sent me
his address I think I should send him
those tens o talking about don't you
follow your dreams Riley never stop
drawing ok so next we have this tiny box
German my trusty big-ass kitchen
scissors for oh girl
games like that down new serial killer
101 all right I get Danny's fine watches
their lethal all right on the top it
says some shit about it returns and
exchanges and this is from des cinq ooh
thank you dancing let's see what it is
oh my god time just fucking look at him
oh my god on the back in geek Wanchese
for bein cabal haha so fucking cute
Mortal Kombat mini figurines series 1
this is the best thing in the whole
universe thank you so much we've got
another box lets you open this box where
the fuck is the actual others it's all
asian and shit is from asia i can tell
it's got to be some tentacles in here
you know it up it's my god knows my
favorite and most Blake League champ he
is so cute you can get like tristana and
Lulu and Kenan heimerdinger and cream
with all the orals oh my god as a child
pirate was Norman Yertle with one small
exception he had a deep curiosity for
the world beyond vandal city the young
yard spent much of his time studying the
rest of Bella ran and he jumped at the
chance to join a business that traded
with many other major cities
unfortunately for both him and the world
a deal with the noxian trader turned
into shady business and went bad vibe r
and his companions were subsequently set
up to take the fall arrested by the
authorities he was imprisoned within the
walls of gnosis for years such isolation
is very dangerous for your old
undoubtably white his fool jailers did
thing and Veigar was slowly driven mad I
often named my titles of my streams tiny
master of evil because he is the tiny
master of evil and he is just the cutest
thing in the world thank you so much see
if anyone if I know percentage I bet it
was the same guy who sent Michelle Kwan
so thank you fucking so much this box if
the tables were turned I would also send
you again his hands with the same size
that is totally not a bit and now we
have the soul amazon prime box of the
whole video fast and too it looks rip
apart I think I'm I'm growing from the
stabbing things which is not not good on
your kind of a sad one because I was
thought that was gross and dirty too
much blood everywhere and gots article
it kind of feels good for the knife and
it's just not my weight got a gift
wrapping let's see what it says this is
the weirdest thing ever I love your
content for more than I candy I really
like what you have to say about
everything whether it's gaming
sexcellent etc well have fun peeing in
urinals or bushes yes I know what this
is Oh female stand-up eurasian system go
girl okay so i have to do videos with
this this is basically a little thing
that like makes your vagina into like a
tiny penis so you can pee standing up
smoking sectors oh my god should we open
it okay fuck it it's powered open so
we're not gonna open it until I do a
video with it but it says camping
boating travel festival sports go girl
loves women the convenience of standing
to urinate it's clean portable discreet
and reusable this is awesome but it's
interesting right I've always wanted to
stand up to pee and just have a penis in
general thank you the second to last
package is a squishy that is also from
not America let's open it it's okay oh
my god I love shit that comes and all
this is just so amazing oh it's so cute
like I know ah look at this little arms
oh he's got like a like handles on the
back so I can carry
around I should put it on a belt how
cute would that be a fucking blitzcrank
thumbs let's go ahead and grab the
ladies last package is actually quite
large okay so i had to actually pick
this up at the fedex location Oh hook
through them scared no one to mess up my
face which some of you would have
enjoyed watching maybe not for mean
reasons maybe just because you enjoy a
girl smacking herself like a sexual
fetish how many boxes upon boxes we have
the box inside of a box oh my god I was
right is this seriously the Rubik's Cube
fucking fridge on the other hand the
movers Kiplagat bridge oh this is not a
toy this appliance should be not used by
a child what a grown child so I don't
think that counts haha so fucking
amazing ok so a lot of people said that
it wouldn't fit a bottled water so we
have to try that out I'm gonna put this
next to my computer is gonna be so sick
oh my god this is the best it's got warm
and cool so you can more more cool and
then get let me how do i owe you pressed
in the little thing ah ok I'll be right
back I'm gonna get a water to show you
see if it's ok so I went and grabbed an
empty water bottle because i'm laying
this fucking didn't wanna go over the
fridge but as you can see it fixed haha
i can also have a chilled looks great
thank you so much for all these gifts
they're fucking amazing and remember if
you want to send me something my p.o box
is down in the description i really
appreciate everything you guys do for me
you guys are so fucking sick and i have
a video coming out tomorrow get a really
honest to blog that tells you basically
why i appreciate you guys because you
guys are so amazing and you're making my
dreams come true I gotta see you in two
weeks and remember every Friday
alternating is going to be friday night
mail or fanservice fridays which I know
you guys are gonna like bye guys
