hey guys today we're gonna talk about
hairy men a hair on the body and facial
hair and my preferences about all of
them but first I want to apologize for
not having an official vlog yesterday I
took the day off from streaming and I
also pretty much just took the day off
from content producing and since I have
things queued for my gaming channel
because I kind of have to because each
video requires a lot of work there was
something new on that channel but there
wasn't something new on the vlog channel
and I know that Wednesdays are supposed
to be like I said before I have a new
schedule so when did Wednesday's are
supposed to be either a sex ed or a Tara
Reid's comments but I'm gonna put that
off on hold until next week when I will
start officially doing that that whole
schedule where every day is a vlog so
for Wednesdays and Fridays and
Wednesdays is either like I said a sex
ed or a Tara Reid's comments and then
Fridays is either gonna be an effin em
Friday night mail or a Friday or what
does it fanservice Friday yeah I'm
excited to do the fanservice Friday
series I'm actually gonna do it and I am
really excited about I think it's gonna
be really fun um so a lot of people ask
me like do you like guys with beards do
you like guys with facial hair do you
like hairy guys and you know I thought
it would be a good topic I wanted to do
with the topic the what's called the
vegan choices vegetarian slash vegan
choices and alternatives topic but I
really like having natural light for
videos where I'm not sitting up straight
or for videos where I am sitting up
straight because then I have more light
actually on my face as opposed to like
sitting up like this and then it's like
really awkward how dark it is so that's
why also I do laying down vlogs because
the lighting is just so much better it
actually lights me up so next time I
shift my schedule which hopefully will
be soon or maybe I'll just do it before
I go to bed today because right now I'm
sleeping during the day I will do the
vegan thing you know I just I haven't
had the time to do it when there's a
natural light out and that's also
natural light time is when I do more so
take more selfies too because it just
looks so much better right to have
natural I love that natural light I love
being able to shoot natural light I'm
trying to figure out how to do like a
maybe like a natural light I don't know
what kind of bulb would you know look
like a natural light that I could get
for myself
but none of the softbox is the softbox
the softbox lights that I have right now
look like natural light and that kind of
sucks so um let's get on to the topic I
have no preference about men with facial
hair specifically like I can't tell you
I don't like men with facial hair and I
do like my other facial hair because
occasionally it looks really bad and
occasionally it looks really good I
think men who are overweight it makes
their face look a lot better and men who
look older and have a beard if they
shave the beard off they look much
younger so it can it depends on the face
shape it depends on the body type it
depends on pretty much everything your
style like if you have kind of a grungy
style a beard kind of helps that out but
something I don't really like is I don't
really like really gross looking uncaps
and beards and that being said that
doesn't mean that I don't like really
long beards because there's this guy
following Instagram he's got like a ton
of tattoos and he has like a huge beard
but everything around it is well-kept
and his hair is well-kept and he looks
like he has the style rather than just
being lazy you know that kind of thing
like where a guy just looks like he
hasn't shaven in a while and he's got
like a patchy beard and it just looks
awful looks like he's been in prison or
something I don't really like that I
like it when you have a clear purpose
with your facial hair you know you're
like I want to look like you know a long
bearded tattooed guy or I want to you
know have a nice clean-cut chinstrap
that you know just looks great and
accentuate certain features on my face
or okay so I also kind of don't like
mustaches like I'm not attracted to
mustaches and I think that might be
because my entire life my dad had a
mustache and nothing else and so that's
kind of like not something I'm into
because it reminds me of my dad just
like I would never date a guy named
Robert probably because that's my dad's
name I don't know Roberts fine because
no one's ever called him Robert his name
is actually Bob so and there's no like
modern guys who use the name Bob anymore
right so like I'm pretty safe in that
area but um uh what else is there let's
see like I really like Jays facial hair
I think it makes him look really nice I
like the way it looks it goes with his
style and the type of person that he is
and it makes sense on his face like a
lot of people just don't have that where
their beard doesn't look good oh and
something else that's kind of a pet
peeve of mine is when is this
specifically pertains to black guys but
when black guys have like that the
really perfect where it looks like it's
painted on like facial hair I don't
really like that very much it looks kind
of weird and then they also like end up
doing their eyebrows too and you look
like a gay guy dude like it looks
fucking awful
so um not being too perfect and not
being shaggy is kind of like an
in-between thing and it always depends
on the face shape and you know your body
type and everything so when it comes to
body hair I prefer just like literally
nobody here Lin unless of course you
know you got your legs so you're not
gonna shave your legs or shave your arms
unless you're like competing in a
bodybuilding tournament or something but
um having like an immensely hairy ass or
a lot of pubic hair I don't like pubic
hair at all like that's like kind of a
turn-off to me like unless it's like
really so short that it's just like you
know facial hair where it's like really
short and it's like a 5 o'clock shadow
type thing like that's fine but I you
have to be at least trimmed down there
at least for me to even like go down
there like I've been down there on a guy
who I just started sleeping with and I
was like oh my god then right after I
told him you need to like shave that
shit it's fucking awful I'm trying to
like actually get down there deep
throated and get to the balls I don't
want to have to deal with hair in my
mouth and all of the bacteria and smells
that hair keeps down there like it's
just not for me and as far as body hair
goes chest hair can look good on a
certain type of guy same with hair
almost everywhere else I don't really
like hair on the back that usually looks
really bad I don't like a lot of like
hair here that isn't that doesn't make
sense with the facial hair style like
you know like a neck beard type thing
and hair on the shoulders like really
curly hair anywhere with a pale guy
that's out of shape is like the least
attractive thing in the world and a lot
of nerds have that you guys should take
care of that either
shave or tan or lose weight those are
the 3 things you can do to be attractive
to me I don't like you know when you get
on the on the stomach you have like a
really like flabby pale stomach and it
has like those hairs that are going
toward the center toward the bellybutton
it's just like that's a huge turnoff to
me and you know you can definitely get
around that by you know improving your
body shaving which is like I can't
imagine having that much body hair like
having body hair everywhere you have it
on your back your shoulders and your
chest and your stomach and your
shaving everywhere like that doesn't
make any sense to me I feel like the
better course of action is just be to be
have like a lumberjack kind of look
where you got like a lot of beard and
stuff and get fit and tan and or tan
like you can be fit and be pale and have
the hair or you can do I really like
okay so like something that's really hot
to me is like I'm imagining like a bear
looking guy you know how gay guys like
bears and they're like buff with a
little bit of fat over it and they're
just like big guys I imagine that with
like a little hint of ABS like not too
much abs but like little hint of ABS and
then like hair everywhere and then he's
also got like a beard like that would be
hot I fucking like bears bears are
fucking hot right but like when you have
that like you walk and your stomach is
flabby and you have that like cone
concave looking chest and then you've
got like hair everywhere it's like and
like I really like Phoenix on men so
when men have a v-neck if they have like
trimmed hair on the chest that's fine
also if they have no hair on the chest
and they they're starting to get that
like inclined chest line because they've
been you know lifting like incline bench
or something that looks really good to
me as well like I like muscles in any
form and muscles will save you from any
kind of like thing that you have that is
distasteful to me like a lot of hair or
whatever but um if if I if this bear
that I'm imagining with all this body
hair if he has a bush it's like no go
you have to have like nothing here and
then like hair everywhere else that's
fine
but if you have a super super hairy ass
don't expect me to give you any kind of
rim jobs or any kind of attention to
your asshole because I'm expecting a
clean no hair ass and dick and balls and
if you want me to pay attention to your
ass dick and balls you better have no
hair there because I'm not trying to get
smells I'm not trying to get tastes that
are weird I'm not trying to get like any
hair in my mouth that's just like a huge
turnoff and it's not fun and it slows
down the process of just chilling and
hanging out and a lot of people bitch
about it but like I've been shaving
since forever Jay is clean shaven he's
been shaving since forever it's not
something's hard you don't get razor
burn after maybe the first time if you
do it right you're like there's no
issues there's no chafing and you know
even I like a shaven armpit - that shit
was good - oh and from the last real
vlog I wanted to follow up and say that
I do not like
aging gauged ears that's so disgusting
to me like it literally smells bad and
like it when you take the gauge out it's
like it's like nasty earlobe that you'd
have to get surgery to fix and it's like
a huge turnoff to me so that's pretty
much the only thing regarding tattoos
and piercings that I'm actually like
that's a no-go
and it also comes with a cut a kind of
guy you know like not every guys like
this who has gauged ears but the kind of
guy or a girl who has gauged ears is
like a I don't want to say hipster but I
want to say like punky in the bad way
kind of style it was just like mad and
once again I know it's so stupid that I
have to say this because most of my
viewership is just normal as fuck and is
not gonna take this wrong and they're
gonna understand this is my preference
and it's my right to have an opinion
just like you can say I don't like the
fake look I don't like blue loves me
it's not gonna offend me I don't care I
like the fake look I like blonds so just
stick to whatever makes you guys happy
and if you don't have a preference sure
why not improve or if you agree with me
and you want to improve there's no harm
and improving yourself there's no harm
and B being better and caring about your
vanity especially because a lot of the
times it's aligned with you know
improving your health like getting fit
you should do whatever makes you happy
whatever you think looks good and
whatever your partner thinks looks good
and just do what you want but have your
own style don't just be like a lazy fuck
that like lets himself get fat or
unkempt and just like you know it when
you have happiness in your life and when
you have goals you're trying to achieve
and when you're respecting your body in
a way that's like keeping it clean
keeping it healthy keeping it looking
good then people will gravitate towards
you and then you'll have more friends
you'll have more you know sex partners
you'll be happier in life and have more
interaction with people because people
will see that you're like radiating
positivity rather than just being like
someone that people don't want to be
around because you smell bad or look bad
or you have a bad personality because
you're so negative in life and all those
things kind of just you know they I
don't know the word I'm something a
little word they they siphon into each
other you know like if you're negative
about your life you're probably gonna
eat too much or not enough and not
maintain a healthy body which is going
to make you not give a shit
you look like which is gonna make you
not have very many friends because no
one wants to be around that kind of
negativity and have no you know
girlfriends or boyfriend's because no
one's gonna be looking for the person
who is unhappy with themselves right so
yeah don't forget to like the video and
soon I will have an outro for this and
maybe even an intro but I'll have an
outro for this channel that details the
schedule and where to subscribe to my
gaming channel and my livestream so you
can watch me play video games life but
anyway thanks for watching guys I hope I
didn't offend anyone once again this is
my preference and no one else's and it's
just what turns me on and makes me tick
like can't change it
