hey guys I'm laying on my closet floor
and I have like this crazy lighting
situation going on so I have like lines
here and lines here and it looks like
I'm telling a scary story but why not um
I'm a little bit lazy today but I don't
really care I have some cool news I told
you guys that I was thinking about doing
the fanservice Fridays and I've decided
100% I'm gonna do and I'm gonna do it
every other week so now we have
fanservice Friday's every other week we
have fnm which is Friday night mail
every other week and I'm going to
schedule the same in the same way so
every other week for Tara Reid's
comments and sex out of the terror and
we're gonna try to stick to that
schedule and every other day is gonna be
vlogs so I think I'm gonna do that
Wednesdays for sex ed and Tara Reid's
comments and then Friday's for those too
and I think it's gonna be pretty cool
I'm gonna make a thumbnail template for
the fanservice Friday's and I have some
cool ideas I'll divulge you right now I
thinking I'm thinking about doing
something like I can do jumping jacks
one week I can do a real life story
about one of my sex experiences the
other week I can be like trying on ten
shirts and in two minutes or something
where I'm just like taking off a bunch
of shirts putting them on and they're
all like sexy cleavage shirts because
that's pretty much all I own and every
single video I think I'm gonna start
with the disclaimer that's like um hey
guys and welcome to you know fanservice
Friday's the show that offers you
nothing but gratuitous you know TNA with
the message that you should have fun
with your sexuality and shouldn't take
yourself too seriously something like
that something that has like a really
nice message so a lot of people realize
that like wow I do enjoy this and she
enjoys making it what could possibly be
wrong with this because it seems like
everyone just encounters sexuality and
they're like oh my god that's wrong
that's bad that's you know I should be
ashamed of my body and ashamed of the
fact that I want to masturbate to things
or have sex with things and you know the
fact that I see things sexually or
physically and all that stuff so it just
you know pushes my message out there
even more but anyway today's topic is
going to be touches and piercings
because people have asked me like a lot
of people have asked me how do you
about men with tattoos do you have any
tattoos yourself do you have any
piercings I have ten piercings in total
I believe some of them are closed so I
think I've had twelve in my entire life
I'm not let's just count it up so I've
had my nose pierced and that healed very
poorly so poorly in fact that I actually
still have a scar here that you can see
that bumps out and I thought that my
nose job would fix it a little bit
because he messed with the tip and made
the tip a little more slender and not as
bulbous II and stuff and he got rid of a
little bit of the bump here and it was a
very it was a subtle nose job but the
scar tissue is still there and if I ever
go back in and do something else like my
lips again or redo my boobs again or
something if that ever happens I will
talk to him about seeing what we can do
about that because it's like a little
purple like a mass here that bumps out
and makes my nose kind of look weird and
I don't really like that so I strongly
regret the nose piercing something I do
think would be cool as a septum piercing
but I feel like I wouldn't like it with
my look I just think it looks really
cool on girls when they have like a
really tiny septum piercing and I've
always wanted to try it on myself but
then I I've gone down that rabbit hole
every single year of my entire life up
until when I was 18 every single year I
would get a piercing so when I was
really young every year I would give me
the ear piercing so I have three
piercings on each year as well all of
which are still usable and open and my
mom would get one every year with me and
then I started getting like random shit
Pierce and then she stopped getting
pierced with me and then on my 18th
birthday I got my tattoo which is my
foot tattoo could I show it it's my
Mario foot tattoo my closets really
dirty just ignore that um and my mom
also got a tattoo of her dead sister on
her back who was like her best friend
who died when she was like 18 or
something I thought that was really cute
oh who we got that together so she would
always do it together and that was um
she would always want to do something
with me and I'm like oh you're so
jealous I mean then when I got my boobs
done I was like oh are you now gonna get
work done and she's talking about how if
she would get work done she would get
this and that but she you know it
doesn't really feel like she wants to
she's not really that kind of person
she doesn't um care about that like at
all pretty much she likes to do a little
bit of makeup and you know she's cute
and stuff but it's not really her thing
to be glamorous or to care about that
kind of stuff and I mean that's cool I
can totally respect that for me it's a
lot of fun haha so uh what else was I
talking about okay so I got my tongue
pierced and the day I got my tongue
pierced my mom was pulling out of the
piercing area ah something just fell
into my eye she was pulling out the
piercing area and got into a car
accident and it was awful because I can
bear it like I didn't have much of a
speech impediment but it was pretty
swollen and I had to go home and I was
supposed to ice it and eat some ice
cream and stuff and I had to like call
my dad and my mom was crying so I had to
take care of everything and it was a
brand new car that she had gotten like a
week ago a week before that so it was a
pretty crazy thing that I'll never
forget and my friends Jay was in the
back of the car and my friend medel who
used to live with me was in the back of
car I think it was like 16 or 17 when I
got my tongue pierced I got my
bellybutton pierced when I was really
young and I've also ripped that as well
so I only wear it to shoots because um
what I was in band class okay so I was
abandoned from I think it was fifth
grade up until ninth grade right and I
was standing on the back of one of those
big pianos that are on wheels that are
like not very expensive that every
school has a republic school and it's
like this really ugly like normal wood
and I was standing on the back of the
one of the wheels because it's on wheels
you know it's like pretty cheap and I
jumped off and the piercing grabbed on
something and so I have like this really
weird scar tissue and any time I wear a
piercing in my bellybutton for a long
time it ends up start ends up hurting so
yeah um I also got my my Monroe Pierce
at some point and I really regret that
as well because the hole is not closing
and I don't wear it anymore
it started you can't tell but it started
receding my gums and it would rub on my
gums and kind of hurt and I don't want
to have like some crazy gum recession
there so I took it out and never put it
back in I also had to take it out for a
one of my surgery isn't remember which
and by the time I put it back in the
hole was like pretty much closed and I
was just like fuck it I don't really
like it anyway it looks dumb I always
wear like a really really small for your
singing there but for me I went out of
style for me really quickly
I stopped liking the way that it looked
and you know it was whatever um and I
also have my clitoral hood Pierce now
that that's my favorite piercing okay so
I had heard that it's possible for it to
like rub on you and um give you like
random orgasms and I was like super
excited about that that never happened
to me at all
you don't actually pierce the clip
because piercing the clit is like
piercing a bundle of nerves
it's like piercing you know not just
like a Prince Albert where it just goes
through the bottom it's like piercing
through the nerve part of the head of
your penis and that that could like ruin
your nerves it could ruin your
sensitivity it could make it so that you
can't climax anymore and fuck that right
that would be fucking terrible I mean
obviously there would be other ways
because I think I don't think it would
damage the clitoris that you can reach
inside of the vagina and the nerves
inside of the vagina so I'm sure I'd
still be able to have orgasms but it
wouldn't be as fun I wouldn't be able to
masturbate as easily and I wouldn't be
able to supplement a clitoral
stimulation in my sex and that would
fucking suck right um so I really like
my clit piercing I really like my tongue
piercing and those are the two piercings
that I've really stood by and worn
consistently I the only other piercing I
would ever think about getting other
than septum is my nipples but I don't I
feel like that's a hit-and-miss for a
lot of people and I don't really care
for it and if I don't care about
something like if I could go either way
let's say I don't really care about
makeup and I can go either way with
makeup I would just go with whatever the
people I'm having sex with or whatever
the majority of people think because you
know why not if it doesn't actually
affect me at all and I could go either
way then you know might as well make the
majority have the opinion they're
usually I have very strong opinions on
what I want to look like and how I want
to be and I feel like nipples just are
like meh and I feel like some people
don't like them and sometimes it would
get annoying and then let's say it got
infected or let's say I had a weird you
know I had an issue with sensitivity
like oh that would suck so I'm just like
fuck that um how I feel about piercings
and tattoos on guys okay so I'm also
gonna talk a little bit I forgot about
the tattoo issue I'm kind of all
scatterbrained today but anyway I only
got one tattoo I wanted to get a tattoo
I don't really
like how people get tattoos that they
can't see themselves that don't remind
them daily about the reason that they
got the tattoo or something behind that
tattoo and a lot of girls just get like
a tramp stamp but they can't see that
it's like purely for other people purely
to look like a certain type of girl to
look attractive and they get like a
butterfly or they get something that
just means nothing out of a book that
you can get you can look at at the
tattoo parlor like other people's
artwork that like 50 other girls have or
50 other guys have if that's something
you want to do if that's something that
you like if you get a rise out of people
thinking that you are either you know
slutty or more attractive or heavy or
darker because you have a tattoos and
that's whatever do your thing but for me
that's definitely not something that I
like at all
I find it kind of unattractive on women
to just get a random tattoo for no
reason I feel like your tattoo should
signify something and have meaning and J
pretty much drew my Mario tattoo and
then the tattoo artist made it uh made
it kind of flow better with my foot and
that's pretty much all he changed and I
change homp is my favorite character
from Mario universe I think he's the
cutest thing in the world and I wanted
to have a Chain Chomp his uh his like
chain actually goes and attaches
attaches to my my ankle bone there so
it's like I have the Chain Chomp
protecting me at all times and it
signifies the first video game that I
consider my most favorite video game of
all time Super Mario Brothers 3 because
it's what really made me fall in love
with games on the All Starz cartridge
like I fuckin loved the All Starz
cartridge and my favorite game on there
was super marvelous oh yeah I've beaten
that game or almost beaten that game
more times than I can count and my
entire life growing up I would get the
inkling to play that game and then
replay and I've played it twice now on
my stream all the way through once with
J and once solo and I it's just fucking
amazing how far I've come as a gamer and
it just like reminds me of better times
and that's why I got that tattoo because
my best friend and the person I
considered to be my soul mate drew it
and it's my favorite game and gaming is
like my whole fucking life so this
tattoo means a lot to me and it has all
of my favorite you know things from
Mario it's not just like a random tattoo
of Mario which should be fine too
because obviously if you're a gamer you
love
but to just get a butterfly or to just
get some random shit is like doesn't
make any sense to me it's weird you know
like my mom's tattoo has meaning but I
also like tattoos as you can see and her
tattoo is like on the back of her
shoulder so she doesn't get to see it
all the time and I feel like it should
be a reminder of my aunt rather than you
know just something you can't really see
so like I would want to get it on my
wrist so every time I like lift up my
hand like her initials are there and I'm
like you know thank you for making me
the person that I am that that kind of
thing so um as far as how I feel about
men and women getting tattoos and how
attractive I think that is I think
tattoos and piercings are really hot I
think they're great if I was going to
make my perfect man I would be pretty
ambivalent on whether or not he has
tattoos and piercings but I probably
okay so I would definitely have sex with
a guy or a girl who has like sleeves and
has like a fuck ton of tattoos I'm kind
of uh not in favor of the face tattoo I
think that's kind of weird unless it
like looks really nice like if you just
get one of those ghetto like if you put
like ghetto on top of your forehead
that's just like oh fucking awful and
you know how much I think that tattoos
should have meaning but I really like
full body tattoos sleeves and being
really tattooed I think that's great but
if I was gonna make my perfect man he
might have a tattoo or two but he's not
gonna be fully tattooed out that doesn't
mean I wouldn't have a relationship with
someone that doesn't mean that I don't
find someone like that attractive I
think it's really cool I think the look
that it creates is really hot so I don't
have any prejudice I get prejudices
against people who get tattoos or people
who have a certain style that may look
more grungy or more rocker I think
that's really cool and I think that when
someone has a tattoo like a full sleeve
tattoo of something that means something
to them that's fucking amazing and I
love looking at like full art beautiful
like full color tattoos it's awesome so
I have nothing against any of that and I
think tattoos and piercings are fucking
awesome and you should do whatever the
fuck you want to modify your body and
have a great time with it especially if
it has a really cool meaning and I love
listening to stories from people about
why they got their tattoos and what it
signifies for me I only got one because
that was the only one that really
mattered to me and I really wanted to
get one ever since I was like 16 and I
had to wait until I was 18 because of
the laws here in Seattle
but I didn't get any more because I
wanted to keep my body pretty much a
blank canvas I thought that like if I
have anything that I want to show off
like yeah I really love this I can just
get a shirt of it or I can just you know
wear a bracelet and have accessories
that are removable but as a model and as
someone who likes to have a bunch of
different styles I feel like having
something that's permanent on my body is
not really important and if it doesn't
serve a purpose and I think having the
one tattoo is like a happy medium and it
sucks because there was one time when I
actually lost a job is the only time
that someone gave a fuck that I have a
tattoo on my foot out of sight and it
was I was gonna have a billboard I was
gonna be on a billboard I was gonna be
all covered up in like I think it was I
was gonna be a a delivery a a pizza
delivery girl but you know I'm really
like have it like a pretty face or
whatever but it was gonna be like pizza
delivery had pizza delivery shirt and I
was gonna be pretty buttoned up and it
wasn't gonna be a really sexy thing but
and it wasn't gonna show my foot at all
but they said you have any touches or
piercings and I said I have a tattoo on
my foot and they said tattoos are not
okay and I said but it's on my foot it's
not gonna be in the ad and they said we
don't want anyone promoting our brand
who would be the kind of person who
would have a tattoo so if people find
out that Tara Babcock is promoting our
brand and someone else also finds out
that she has a tattoo we don't want that
kind of person working for us and I was
like what the fuck it was so fucked up
the one time I went to New York and I
had a chance to be on a billboard for
like a pizza place and I thought it was
really cool and then they turned me down
because of something so fucking ignorant
and ridiculous like anyone would know
that a girl has a fucking tattoo and be
like wow this is not a family fucking
pizza place like what like I have like a
Nold tattooed on my fucking neck and
like it's gonna be in the shot there's
this fucking stupid so yeah I was a
little before Bose on that but I wanted
to touch on the topic and be really open
about it and talk about all aspects of
it from my self to what I find
attractive so keep doing what you're
doing
thanks for watching
I think that's a good thumbnail for this
I got Oh blowjobs with tongue rings I
think it adds a little bit of
stimulation and a little bit of variety
but sexually functionality-wise it's not
that big of a deal same with the
clitoral hood piercing it can kind of
rub on the on the clitoris a little bit
when I'm having sex I can also use it to
play with and it's more in joyful
enjoyable it's a better word than joyful
is not really anything but anyway um it
adds a little bit of stimulation but
it's not what you would think you're not
like having massive orgasms or you're
not like just like licking as friendly
lemony comes because you have a tongue
ring it's not like that it's just mostly
for a little bit more fun but you can
get the vibrating big ass tongue ring
and experimenting with that stuff is
cool so if you're interested in that you
should do it
that guy's
