J drop dudes food and this is how she
has to eat it now you're lucky we have
hardwood
do you feel degraded Eve she's not gonna
eat it all it's gonna be gross you're
cleaning this shut up dude oh you so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want so we've got
this cat treat flinger I'm gonna try it
this is gonna be fun
come on you'll get it oh shit
you've calmed down I know you can smell
the treats
okay so you pull this little lever back
and then it lets the Treat in there and
then all done you ready Eve Eve pay
attention pay attention to this go find
it no awful okay look this is what
happens if what it didn't work stuff
supposed to live at reiden there's a
tree okay if counter look look look
you've look at this look look Eve look
look that way
she found it yay victory oh shit it
popped up this is not 100% the best
invention I guess I gotta stick it in
there alright Eve she's gotta find it
good girl this is cool I'll have to use
in other locations
it doesn't always allow a treat in there
you don't get to take it from the
fucking toy thing yeah you pull this
back like a gun like you yeah whatever
but sometimes sometimes it doesn't let
the Treat in there this thing's cool I'm
glad she realizes that the tree goes
flying across the room I thought maybe
she wouldn't and the first time she
didn't yeah but it has to make it sound
like if she doesn't understand what
happened good girl
Eve just knocked off the table and
opened all of her treats she just opened
all of her treats the thing popped off
and now she just freely gets to eat her
treats you are illegal illegal kitten
why don't you respect my authority eat
okay you earned it
you're a genius better eat at all
such a cutie she's a cleaner I'm eating
you're a cheater he
