hey guys I'm gonna do a second vlog
today on hentai woo let's talk about
some Ventech some of you already know my
opinions on hentai but it's come up a
lot recently because I'm playing a
kippah strip undead and undressed on my
gaming channel right now and that is
kind of a it's a Japanese RPG where you
run around and you are okay so you're
like this vampire right and you have to
fight other vampire type people by
beating them up so much that you can
then pull off their clothes so you can
hit their head their upper body and
their lower body and like mess up the
clothes so much that it's able you're
able to take them off then once you take
them off
they have like a sensitivity to the Sun
and they just burn up and die which is
really weird because you don't have to
cover your head but you have to cover
the rest of your body and the girl in
the story who talks to the protagonist
says that but then she wears kind of
like a sexy dress type thing so she's
not really covering anything but it's
basically just supposed to be like a
fanservice type game but it's actually
really good and really fun and I'm
enjoying it and I'm gonna be lets
playing it probably all the way through
unless I get stuck at some point I've
already have I already have two episodes
recorded but none of them are uploaded
all so I'm whatever let's not talk about
the gaming channel because I do gaming
vlogs so if you want to see what's up on
that channel watch that channel to learn
about the gaming vlogs I don't want to
get a two off topic and then I also
talked about how I wanted to play dating
Sims and I recently in my fnm video got
a bunch of how to draw hentai books and
how to draw a sexy manga manga manga I
always say manga but it's like manga I
feel like ah is better than oo like
tarah I don't like that name but Terra
is like cuter and anyone who calls me
Terra I fucking hate it it's Terra
motherfucker ah I actually like
instantly dislike people who do and they
have it's like you know when someone
does something first on your first their
first impression you know like your
first impression of them is like them
doing something really terrible and you
kind of hold something against them
until they you know prove themselves
that's how I feel when someone walks up
to me says your name's taro taro are you
Terra I'm like oh my god you just went
from zero points and neutrality to like
I fucking hate you and you have to like
be a really cool person to get back up
there I kind of hold something against
you silently and brooding
against you after you call me thar but
anyway so um how to draw erotic manga
and I fucking love that book and a lot
of you know who follow my Instagram and
who follow my older vlogs that I I'd
paint sexy anime girls on magic lands
for fun sometimes I haven't done it in a
while but I'm gonna start doing speed
art videos of me doing that because
people have said that that would be
interesting and also I can do like a top
down view and show my boobs so hentai is
a hot topic right now and people want to
know what I think of anti so um I like
porn I watch porn I like hentai I would
watch hentai if hentai had different
parameters I guess you would say it
seems like most hentai is like too weird
or too gross for me and it's weird
because I love the fanservice and anime
I love how hot anime girls are and I
love that like really weird sexual
tension that they have where a lot of
people would say that it's misogynistic
but I really like it
I like where women are like fragile and
shy and cute beings and men are kind of
just like AHA open I really like that I
think it's sexy and I think it's fun and
I think it's a fun dynamic to watch in
porn um but the problem I have with
hentai is that first of all it has way
too much story like I will if you go
surfing for hentai you see like a bunch
of really hot pictures like a hot hot
thumbnails then you click on them and
these are only like 10 seconds and then
it goes back into talking about
something off-topic from that like it's
just really stupid like way too much
story leading up to the fact leading up
to the sections and the sex is not very
long and on top of that it's not very
graphic because often they will like
blur things out or you know especially
dicks they blur dicks out like quite
often it's really weird and they censor
that and then another aspect of it is it
can be really eat late could be too
weird like I don't know like the
tentacle stuff is fine but I don't
really like the whole pregnant women
there's a lot of like tentacles
impregnating women or pregnant women
having sex and that's not really my
thing it's not really that hot I once
watched a video a a while back that
Wesley showed me that was like a girl
who got fucked so hard in an alleyway
she actually shit herself
and there's a lot of like vomit and shit
and like you know excessive just like
bodily fluids
weirdness and it just it's not like that
appealing to me I really like the
dominating aspect of it I really like
the girls being like shy and quaint and
all that stuff but I don't like the
weirdness of it it's really hard to just
find some like hardcore like manga or
like hardcore like one of my favorite
manga is Mizuki Anna and if you guys
haven't wha haven't watched if you guys
haven't read it it's fucking amazing I
haven't even finished it because I got
to the end of where the author stops and
then I stopped reading it for like a
year and I need to like catch up but I
don't really know exactly where I left
off and I don't want to start all the
way over because it's a lot to read but
that was like the hottest shit ever and
there was nothing weird about it it was
about um there was a girl in school who
lived somewhere and then a guy moved in
next door to her and she was the one
with the powerplay in this one she found
out about a hole or she made a hole in
my quite sure in his apartment so from
her apartment to his apartment she could
peep on him and she like made the rules
she's like okay these are my people
you're peeping days you should just be
yourself and we'll like watch each other
and masturbate to each other and like if
you bring a girl home we're not allowed
to say anything or interfere we're not
allowed to get emotions about it and
then at one point she ends up like
almost being raped and he like broke
that rule and then she was really mad
about it but she was like oh so grateful
and it was kind of cool like he was just
protecting her and she was like being
like this sexual deviant and he was like
super insecure about it at first and
didn't want to do it but then he ended
up giving in it's like really hot and a
lot of really cool interactions and
different characters and stuff and I
really like that one so if you guys have
any other erotic manga to recommend to
me I would really enjoy that because I
haven't had time to do anything like
that any of my hobbies like reading
about certain topics or reading manga
but um I really fucking like that shit
and I dig that shit and it's fucking
awesome and especially if you guys have
hardcover manga like erotic manga um
that you could like sent to me I've
looked for some on Amazon like I've
actually looked for nas oceana
uh hard like hardcover I don't I don't
mean hardcover I mean like actual
physical copy like paper like you know
back-to-front weird Japanese way of
doing things I would like that better
because then I can take that to my like
FM in between rounds
time in between rounds sometimes because
they play kind of an Agora modern deck I
would really enjoy reading erotic manga
in between that I think that would be
really fun and calming and nice and I
would like that um I don't really know
where to buy that shit I don't want to
buy manga I go like I go to a lot of
card shops and like game shops where
they just have a mug on the walls and
stuff but I don't really know where to
buy the physical copies of erotic stuff
you know because a lot of places don't
want to just hold that out in front of
all the kids who are in there for
HeroClix and shit you know or like
Pokemon like that would be pretty bad
right so anyway um I feel like hentai is
sexier than real porn because real porn
stars because of the way society is in
the way society views it a lot of them
are lower class or a lot of them have a
lot of like really obvious flaws like I
love fake boobs but a lot of porn star
fake boobs are really fucked up
occasionally it's probably more than
occasionally and you know anime girls
are just fucking hot and like perfect
and I don't see anything wrong with that
and I like the you know Japanese power
play dynamic stuff that goes on in
Japanese porn it but like it's too weird
and it's too hard to find good shit and
it's too hard to find high-quality
shitness too it's just like annoying I
don't know and I would like watch you
know like Vegeta fucking link Bulma like
that would be really hot too but I can't
find any of that stuff that's actually
legit like it all looks like like
children drew it or something like when
you see on the sides of porn sites they
have like Simpsons hentai or like you
know stuff like that and it just looks
really bad and really hokey and I don't
know I don't like it so um that is my
only qualm I I would prefer somebody
like possibly American to just do
American style porn and the hentai you
know art style that would be really cool
um with a lot of Japanese influence but
yeah I don't know how do you guys feel
about hentai and what are your go-to
hentai sites do you have a place that
you buy erotic manga and physical copy
what are your favorite Radek mangas have
you ever read knows Oh Keanu let me know
I really appreciate the viewership and I
will see you guys tomorrow bye
