hey guys I am so sorry that has been two
days since I've done a vlog it's really
hard for me to get a vlog out on Friday
before 3 p.m. or 7:00 p.m. or at all
well I could probably get one in at like
3 a.m. the next day but that would
really suck because it would throw off
the whole scheduling thing and then
today I woke up kind of late because I
was tired from Friday sided to stream
after FM so it's kind of hectic
sometimes and I have to queue up vlogs
but often I don't want to do more than
one vlog because people then bitch about
how I'm wearing the same clothes or I'm
sitting in the same place and it's
obvious that I'm not giving my day to
day thoughts and stuff when really it
doesn't really matter because I'm just
talking about a certain topic and you
know having to in a day just means that
I have two different things on my mind
or that I have to do videos otherwise I
won't get one up every day so that's
pretty much the gist of things I think
that happened more where people were
discontented about that because I used
to just do updates and it was pretty
much just daily updates it wasn't really
me talking about a philosophical topic
or something that someone asked me to
talk about but um I got a really good
idea from a viewer on one of my
fanservice fashion show videos that was
which was actually the last video that
was uploaded on my channel he said that
I should do fanservice Fridays and I
know I know I already have the fnm
series or the Friday night mail series
going on on Fridays but I don't do that
every fucking Friday I do it every other
Friday on the dot so in the in-between
Fridays I could do fanservice Fridays
but I don't really know what kind of
content I can continue doing because
fanservice fashion show only happens
once every couple months when I get a
shipment in of Hollister clothes okay so
what happens is I get an email saying
that I have 50% off Hollister stuff from
the last season and I get free shipping
and like five dollars off on top of that
because I am subscribed to their email
and I'm like oh shit shopping spree and
then so I get things that are usually
like 50 bucks I get it for like 20 bucks
or something that's like $15 I can get
for like 5 or I can get 3 for 15 or
something and so I just buy a lot of my
favorite clothes that I've been pining
for the whole season and get a few extra
clothes I have so much Hollister
Abercrombie and Gala hick Gilley Hicks
clothes it's not even funny I'm like
have ways like way too much but anyway
so um I don't know
know what I could do for fanservice and
the other issue is that I get a lot of
flagging so far I've only gotten age
restrictions but if it's too sexy
they'll take it down like I remember all
of my photo shoot videos they would take
down and I would get a Content striking
if I get a content strike that means I
can't monetize things for like six
months or something until the content
strike goes away uh worst case scenario
but I don't really want to risk that so
I can't really do just like a whole
video of 100% just boobs bouncing in
slow-motion I can't really do that so I
have to think of something that's kind
of cute like I can do like like outfit
of the week and then on Fridays I show
off my outfit and I you know show my
butt in my thong or whatever a little
bit and I dance around and it's cute and
it's fun it's fanservice you doesn't
really have a point but I want it to
kind of have a theme that is beyond just
TNA because you know I'm more safe from
the the content problems and the
Community Guidelines type stuff so
anyway today I'm going to talk about
something that might not be too
interesting to too many people but it is
kind of a national issue because I know
it was in the New York Times and that
topic is the Seattle earthquake that
could possibly come and ravage through
my city which is pretty scary everyone's
talking about it recently I don't know
if it's just a bigger deal here but it
was in the New York Times and other
reputable news places so I'm gonna talk
about it and I'm also gonna talk about
what is actually true and what is
actually not true usually I don't talk
about the hot topics or the topical
topics because I don't really like the
news to be honest like the news often
they they facilitate certain ideas that
aren't true the media is the reason why
a lot of people have a lot of different
stigmas for a lot of different things or
a lot of different you know just they're
holding back certain things because they
heard something on the news and everyone
that hears like a majority of the
society that hears things on the news
takes them as absolute truths when
really there's agendas behind them
there's politics behind them there's
research studies that are not looking at
all different aspects of everything so
they end up getting you know incorrect
or inconclusive results it's just like
so much bullshit going on in the world
and a good example of this is the New
York Times article about
quick so first they said that it's going
to be eight point five or 9.0 earthquake
right and they said that it's gonna
ravage everything into the west of i-5
interstate five or the five or di5 for
people who live in California and it's
gonna completely destroy Seaside Oregon
and places like that now this is guys up
for me because I went to Seaside Oregon
every single year of my life until I was
about sixteen years old I went with my
family it's the cutest quaintest coziest
little town ever
it's got like mini-golf and it has a
tilt-a-whirl and it has an aquarium
which I stopped frequenting because you
know they really keep close quarters for
all those poor animals and the seals in
there the beaches are really nice I've
had sex on that beach in the middle of
the night which was awesome they have
like cute little Suites and hotels that
are like three-star anywhere else but
they seem like 5-star when you're down
there like you can have I remember we
had a hot tub suite that was overlooking
the ocean and it's just a really nice
place to be it doesn't get too fucking
hot and I'm gonna be sad to see all of
that story if that actually does happen
but I'm more concerned obviously about
the fact that I am just east of i-5
where I live so according to the New
York Times article they said there might
be a 100-foot tsunami that results
because of this earthquake and they said
that everything's gonna be destroyed and
you know thousands of people are gonna
die and it was basically just
fear-mongering and it was like
augmenting facts and it just wasn't true
like looking at any other article like
looking at a lot of the Seattle articles
that actually talked about this there's
Seattle seismologists that talked about
it and they said that there's not gonna
be any tsunami at all first of all and
that it is probably going to be so small
when it reaches Seattle and inland that
it will actually subside and not really
be a big deal also they say that it's
going to happen soon in the in the New
York Times article but in reality we are
on a fault line that erupts every five
hundred years and it's been about three
hundred years and they said that the the
chances of us having it happen in 50
years is 15% which is like what the fuck
for in 15 the in 50 years 50
fifteen percent that means it's like
pretty miniscule of a chance that that's
gonna happen and people are acting oh
it's gonna happen like right now any
time we could all die oh my god
but um something good that they brought
up with it is that you know you should
have some kind of emergency plan at
least you should talk about your
emergency plan often so you get
acquaintances acquainted with it and so
you can share like your plans with other
people you should have three to seven
days with the food and water stored away
things that are non-perishable like I
don't know graham crackers or something
you know stuff like that and you know
you should be ready for any kind of
catastrophe but you should always be
ready for any kind of catastrophe you
should if you live in a place where it's
possible that you're gonna have
earthquakes or tsunamis and shit you
should be up on the fucking evacuation
routes you should you know know the news
you should have some kind of food and
supplies and batteries and you know
solar-powered chargers and all that kind
of shit you shouldn't be a dumb fuck you
know you should like worry about that
stuff even if they there isn't really
any third of that in the foreseeable
future and something like this could has
kind of opened my eyes to that like
maybe I should get some cuz I often go
where I'm like I have zero water and
zero food in the house Oh whatever I'll
wait until tomorrow and get some takeout
you know like that is you know not
really the safest thing to do and I'm
hoping with something stupid like an
earthquake and my building falling apart
and crushing me isn't the way that I go
out but you know I want to be as
prepared as possible without you know
borderline psychotic freak outs you know
like everyone else is doing with this
and I'm glad that a lot of people are
taking it lightly and that the New York
Times article is being debunked because
it's just stupid - you know base your
news and base your facts on just
fear-mongering and you know they're like
pseudo facts it doesn't actually
actually exist another good example of
the media being retarded is that they
reported like through a bunch of
reputable sites and and stuff like that
and they even posted it in like
cosmopolitan and on the like seven
o'clock news somewhere I heard that some
woman was doing squats and she blew out
her ass implants and now she's in a coma
like first of all none of that even
happened it was that actual article was
written by a
like false joke place and it kind of
just circulated around like real news
outlets and like any normal person if
they just think about that think about
the physics involved in that think about
your physiology and how your body works
and how what happens when you're doing
squats and the fact that you can roll
over a breast implant with a fucking
semi and not pop it and then think about
ass implants and some girls just doing
squats and blowing out her ass and
plants that actually doesn't make any
fucking sense but people are actually
putting that in the goddamn news that's
the news that we watch that's the news
that people enjoy at 5:00 or seven or in
the morning buck it makes no sense and a
lot of people like okay so steroids
being the worst thing ever and worse
than aspirin and just like awful and
killing you and bad for you all that
shit it's like fucking another like way
that society is like being retarded
because they listen to the news and
because they listen to media and what
people say and everyone's just
fear-mongering and oh like the FDA and a
bunch of other outlets like listen to
that shit too and I think they're
probably the ones perpetuating this
because you know they don't want to have
to like research it or they don't want
to sell it or they want to keep it an
illegal drug I think the same thing
happened with weed where a lot of people
were saying the weed is really bad for
you more so than it is more so than
anything else but what really is the
truth is that aspirin is one of the most
dangerous drugs in the world and we take
it all the fucking time anything in
excess can be dangerous for you and
something like testosterone are steroids
that you know occurs naturally that is
you know used to fight health problems
same as wheat like that's not that big
of a fucking deal so yeah um what I want
you guys to do is let me know in the
comments what I can do for a Friday
night fan service or Friday fan service
or fan service Friday is what I'm gonna
call it that's better I don't wanna like
copy Friday night mail or copy F&M any
more than I have to so yeah let me know
give me ideas think of things that I can
do don't be a fucking troll don't tell
me oh poor would be good because that
doesn't make any sense I can't do that
shit on YouTube obviously and I'm not
gonna do that already told you yeah tell
me some sexy things that you guys would
like to see that I can do to fanservice
you
because I enjoy fan servicing you who
doesn't like a little sexy fun right
and I apologize for the boring topic
tomorrow I'm gonna be doing some cooler
topics I'm going to talk about hentai
we're gonna talk about tattoos beards
and facial hair and all that stuff more
terror preference videos and yeah I miss
you guys I'm glad I'm back and doing
vlogs like this on the floor it's been a
couple days and feels like forever
alright it's retro night tonight also so
uh hope I see you guys well this is
gonna be uploaded in the future but I
hope I see you guys last night on retro
night bye bye don't forget it's every
Saturday evening it's actually midnight
right now so Sunday morning Saturday
evening ish bye guys
