hey guys today we're going to be doing a
very very special unboxing and if you've
already seen this on one channel you
don't have to go to my other channel and
watch it because i'm uploading it to
both channels so as you guys know i
recently got to 100k subs on both of my
youtube channels within a day or two of
each other which is really cool and when
you get to 100 k subs which is like a
huge goal for any youtuber you get a
plaque sent to you from youtube
headquarters themselves and both of mine
came at the same time so i'm gonna be
unboxing line here on camera for you
guys I couldn't have done it without you
guys so I want to say before I start
opening these that I am so grateful to
you for watching all of my content for
subscribing to my channels and for
supporting me through this like two-year
journey that I've had one year for my
vlog channel two years for my gaming
channel I just really appreciate it and
I love you guys so much you guys are
what makes my channel special and unique
and amazing and I just want to thank you
so much it has been a collective work
that we got here and that we got this
today so I kind of owe this you guys
thank you so much so everybody opened
this one because it's a real pain in the
ass to open boxes so yeah we have to
bubble wrap which respond and so it's
nice to have some bubble wrap to play
with this is what the box looks like so
far it's got some plastic over it and it
looks like it was put in upside down so
we unshaded from it's fantastic graph
and we open it up and on the top we have
this like film look and paper thing and
it says 100,000 subscribers that's more
than double the size of packed Roman
Colosseum and more than 10 times the
number of people who set the human Dom
the world record we understand the
dedication in talent it takes to reach
100,000 YouTube viewers want you to know
that we don't take your achievements for
granted you delivered the audience now
we're delivering the rewards to
commemorate your milestone of a hundred
thousand YouTube subscribers please
accept our congratulations with this
silver play button we know you'll
continue to create amazing content and
bring in more fans so we'll keep looking
for new ways to reward you thanks for
being awesome sincerely Thomas C Pickett
Tom Poquette vp global head of content
operations you too
oh so awesome all right next when we
take off the top of the box we get some
foam as you can see here and we're gonna
pull this off and there it is this is
the one for tara babcock games oh my god
this is so fucking awesome like I can't
even right now how amazing this is I am
so lucky congratulations for surpassing
100k subscribers tara babcock games and
i can see myself in it which is pretty
cool let's take out at the actual box oh
it's kind of heavy high quality really
like it and here it is in all of its
glory this is so awesome I can't believe
it oh thank you guys seriously I'm gonna
post this on the wall best thing ever do
you hear me say post this on the wall oh
my god what a condom producer I am
alright let's go ahead and unbox the
other one more wonderful bubble wrap
hahaha I can't pop bubble wrap all at
once not strong appeared oh oh there we
go that was crazy sounding and this time
it's not upside down which is cool
remove this take the top off we have the
same really cool piece of paper that
says thanks for being awesome but they
rested on the bottom of this one man
stupid shippers stone what they're doing
least I have one good one that's not
ruined take off the top and here we have
tara babcock vlogs as well this is so
amazing like I can't I don't even I
guess I'm just gonna take it out so I
can show you
both of them right here all right that's
so funny that I get two of them like
it's awesome here they are and all of
their glory first surpassing 100k
subscribers this really solidifies me as
a real youtuber and I feel fucking
amazing getting this this is like all of
my dreams it's slowly coming to fruition
and finally putting my mark on youtube
and becoming something of importance
something that people would be like yeah
that's the youtuber I know her as a
youtuber and all that stuff is just
fucking the best like thank you so much
I eat thank you you too book thank you
everyone who watches my videos thank you
for loving my games and loving my blogs
and loving me just ranting or cussing
you're talking about stupid shit I
really appreciate it thank you so much
guys don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel and make sure
you check out my Instagram so I would be
called to pictures of this shit hot
thank you guys you are fucking amazing
our love you so much I
