guys I'm wearing my hair in a ponytail
today which means i am lazy as fuck and
i just don't want to take it out of
ponytail and brush it which is all i
have to do now that it's dry um i am
wearing a new shirt and i've decided
that soon I'm gonna do another
fanservice fashion show because I have
some clothes I want to show off and you
guys like that kind of shit right and I
haven't made any fan service for a while
so I feel like I need to give you guys
what you deserve for being so supportive
of me and my channels both also I have a
little bit of a schedule change for both
of my youtube channels i will be
uploading content at 3pm PST from now on
not 7 p.m. PST and that's because i wake
up in the middle of the day or in the
evening and have no time at all to do my
vlogs and do my gaming stuff and then
upload it before i have to stream or
before 7pm so i end up uploading random
shit at like midnight or you know in the
middle of the night when nobody is up
and then it gets overshadowed by other
people's content filling up the new
content page of everyone all my
subscribers and stuff so that just
doesn't make any sense it makes sense to
publish things in the middle of the day
PSC and not really really late at night
or in the middle of the night because
then people end up just missing it and
that sucks but today my topic is going
to be my future the future where see
myself in 5 to 15 years this was a
viewer suggested topic and I'm like hell
yeah let's do it my eyes look really
fucking green today I have made no
changes it's just because of the
eyeshadow I'm wearing today that it
makes them look really great of that so
something I think is really cool about
my eyes is that they just fucking change
colors based on what's around them and
it's like an optical illusion obviously
or based on you know how small my ppls
get because how much light is projected
onto my face or how much isn't because
sometimes when the light is really low I
can look like I have gray or like even
darker eyes which is pretty cool so I
really like the colors and shapes that
can come in eyes I like uh I don't know
I keep forgetting the word I always
forget the word like I hear this word
all the time I'm uses word so many times
I always forget it it's what kate
bosworth has a bunch of other people
wear one of their eyes is a different
color than the other or there's some
kind of pigmentation issues where half
of the eye is hazel and the rest is blue
i think that shit is so fucking
beautiful and so
cool and I can't believe its genetic
deformity there are a lot of things that
are like genetic deformities like having
really really big boobs when you're thin
and small that's not really a thing you
actually you know most of your boobs are
made up of fat and you only have as much
breast tissue as you need so having an
abundance of breast tissue or fat on
your chest is actually I considered you
know a genetic anomaly whereas a lot of
guys were like fuck yeah natural double
D's on a skinny girl which is very very
rare and if they're telling you that
they're probably pushing them up in a
bra and they're actually fake um but
anyway so the future is kind of funny
like you watch older movies and you see
that people projected that we're gonna
have flying cars and a bunch of other
crazy things as the norm like you watch
The Jetsons and you're like what the
fuck is going on here that is not how it
is right now that's not how it's going
to be in 20 years or even a hundred
probably and I don't know what's going
on just like um nobody really knows what
is that going to become the norm and a
lot of times I'll I really like studying
um economy in business I did a little
bit of that because uh something that's
interesting to me is like you can have
the most amazing idea but if you don't
like create a need in the market for it
people will be like oh that's too
advanced for me or oh that's not really
interesting and nobody will catch on it
won't become the next phenomenon and
that's what's pretty cool about
companies like Apple and companies like
other that have other technological
advances is that um they were able to
hit the market right when the need arose
like if you go like a hundred years back
and you ask people if they need this
tablet that does everything that can
connect you to the world and you know
check the internet feel like oh that's
too futuristic for me i can't imagine
using that too much i can't imagine i
can't imagine having a need for that oh
my friends wouldn't use it so there's no
real need to have it but then you know
when the iphone hits are when you know
smartphones hit it was like the perfect
time and everyone wanted that and
desired that and then it kind of just
became an epidemic where every single
person has one or they're fucking weird
you know and there are certain things
like that that people don't need in the
time so it's really hard to advanced
technologically because a lot of the
things that we do have the technology to
do nobody would really buy it and it
would
be too expensive or it would be you know
not necessary in the common household so
you know we can make a flying car we can
make hover crafts but nobody really
needs that right now we don't have the
Society for that yet and I think that's
pretty cool so in the same sense as we
don't really know what's going to be
happening happening in a hundred years
and what people will need 100 years I
feel the same way about my own future
but as a lot of people always like a lot
of people try to say things like about
pretty girls are about girls who
supposedly live off of their looks is
that like when they get older they're
going to be irrelevant to what are you
going to do when you can't model anymore
what are you going to do when you can't
you know make money off of your looks
anymore and that's me has never really
been an issue other than the fact that I
always want to be beautiful and I always
want to keep improving myself in the
point where I feel like I'm gonna stop
improving and start going downhill in
terms of looks will be kind of sad for
me but I don't really feel like it's
going to be something that affects me
income wise I've always had a bunch of
things to fall back on and a bunch of
things that I've you know aspired to do
or want to do in my life and I have a
bunch of options and things that I'm
interested in I have very varied
interests so I've never had a problem
finding hobbies or things that I want to
do with my life or things that I want to
achieve with my life I'm always
improving in every way possible and I'm
always learning new things and wanting
to do new things and finding out what
interests me and that's something that a
lot of people don't really get or a lot
of people don't really do and they just
like work for someone else their entire
life and then just kind of retire and
they're like what did i do you know all
I did was you know raise a family well
at least I have a legacy and I don't
really didn't make anything out of my
name but you know I gave my name to some
pretty girl and we had kids and I
settled down and I worked nine to five
and then I retired and i live in florida
and that's not really how my life is
going to go um so it's kind of like i
can fluctuate and my income can not be
stable and things can go up and down but
at the same time something doesn't work
i'll always you know find a way to make
it work one of the things that i want to
do if i ever can to do what I'm doing
right now is I wanted to open my own gym
maybe get into personal training and I
mean you can be fit for you know an
indefinite amount of time pretty much
live scene like 50 year olds have better
bodies than I do especially males and
females who keep fit so that if you you
know cut off their head or give them a
little like facelift or something they
would look like they have you know that
look like there are 30 when they're like
50 or 60 and that's really cool and
there's technological advancements that
keep people looking young and we are
like really like each generation looks
younger and younger I feel like I look
at the elementary school kids now and
they look like five-year-olds I look at
the high school kids and they look like
they're in middle school and I feel like
the opposite is true for the generation
that's older than me they look a lot
older than I will at their age it's just
you know how we are starting to live
better I guess and there's more
advancements in the world that allow you
to you know just look better and be
better like back in the day used to be
the cool thing to smoke because nobody
knew that it was like harmful to their
health and it's just like new scientific
advancements new ways to not die as
early and new ways to look better new
advancements in makeup and surgery and I
was looking there was this girl who got
her boobs done recently and there's like
stuff that you can put into your boobs
to make them like stay up higher and did
like there's a bunch it's just like
every year there's something new and
like the year after mine if I was 22 I
could have gotten like gummy bear
implants and there's always new things
so I have no idea what's going on but
I'm assuming that everything will be
great and if I end up opening a gym or I
end up going into personal training or I
end up just you know being the grandma
that plays video games on the internet
and people think that's interesting just
like the angry grandpa right over the
fuck there's like a YouTube channel I'm
perfectly fine with that and I will find
a way to be relevant I will find a way
to be interesting and none of that
depends on my looks at all i feel like i
have many redeemable qualities aside for
my looks and i never never been worried
about having to find something else to
do because i have so many interests you
know and like I could always be like an
older actress or you know an older model
there's like a need for a model with
every single look like you could be
obese nowadays which I don't really
condone and have you know a plus-size
modeling contract where people tell you
you're beautiful despite your size or
whatever there's a lot of like size
stuff going on and you can just be
anyone and succeed in whatever you want
to do and that's something that I think
that
amazing in the time that we live in so
I'm not really worried about that in
five years my hopes are that you know
I'm doing exactly what I'm doing right
now just more successfully and I when I
think back on how I felt when I was 16
or 17 I was like what the fuck am I
going to do with my life I have so many
things that I want to do but I think
about the actual careers that make money
doing them I can't fathom anything that
i would love and that's why I went into
modeling because it was the only thing I
could possibly think of that was you
know possible that would make me happy
in my life and I succeeded that more
like beyond my wildest dreams and then I
was like you know wow these people are
making money off of gaming I never
thought that was possible when I found
out about pro gaming I was like what the
fuck this was like holy shit the world
and then I found out about streaming on
twitch and how you can be a personality
in gaming and you know game with other
people on the internet and just have
like a great time like all this stuff
just hitting me like PC gaming because I
used I grew up like console only right
and I never really liked don't what I
saw a pc gaming as was like a world of
warcraft which i did play that was my
lick one of my first other than fable it
was like one of my first pc games it was
the one I really got into is like the
only MMO and so like I saw it as that
and then like FPS and I never really
liked FPS I was like meth no I got into
it I realized that there were people
making content for other people and
interacting with a fan base and I was
like oh my god this is what I want to do
with my life and I'm glad that I
switched I'm glad that I'm not a
full-time model despite you know the pay
cut and despite you know certain things
I guess it's just the pay cut pretty
much that I'm lacking because I don't
really miss anything else I mean I i
miss um I miss making time because if
all I was doing was modeling I miss
making time on the weekends or whichever
days I don't have a shoot to like do fun
shoots like it did the Atari shoot was
one of my last fun shoes and that was
like a year and a half ago so I haven't
done any fun modeling in a while and
that's because all I've been doing is
just trying to make the rest of the ends
meet that I can't make meet with gaming
so it's kind of like I'm just trying to
make my gaming dreams come true and when
I have a little bit more time and a
schedule that settled in and
the extra money to do so I definitely
want to start doing like like I always
say a sexy MTG shoot or sexy gaming
shoots and you know really cool
locations that I choose and editing that
I do and make up that I do like all that
stuff that really excites me and that's
what really got me into modeling but
then when you realize that you have to
take the jobs that pay a lot they aren't
really as interesting it isn't really as
interesting of a career choice and
gaming is always interesting even if it
can feel like oh I don't want to stream
today because I'm tired or oh this game
is really frustrating like I had a lot
of days like that with starcraft 2 where
everything was fucking frustrating as
shit and I just wanted to quit and it
was like ah like it's so much more fun
and so much more me and so much more
rewarding than like anything I can do in
modeling and I'm really glad that I
chose to you know just go for it and I
feel like everyone should just go for
their dreams and I mean have a fallback
plan have something else have like
either schooling or another idea that
you want to pursue or you know some kind
of classes that you can take on the side
to make sure that you have something to
fall back on but like you should just
make sure that you do your best possible
at making whatever dream you have come
true that is obviously viable like you
maybe you don't become the astronaut
that you thought you would be or the
dinosaur these that you would be when
you were younger obviously because some
of those things are impossible but
anything that you think is even remotely
possible you should try it and you
shouldn't be half-assed at it like I
know a lot of people are like oh I want
to be a youtuber oh I want to be a
streamer and my friends are like this
and they'll stream like once and be like
I have five viewers I'm not going to do
it anymore and it's like okay well
that's not going to work and you weren't
cut out for it and you don't deserve it
and that's really how I feel like if
you're not going to work for it if
you're not going to keep it up if you're
not gonna be consistent you don't
deserve it and you're not going to get
it and if you get lucky enough to get it
and you get lazy like I have a friend
who has Minecraft videos that had over a
million views and he just stopped
uploading to youtube and he could have
been something but he decided to just
you know work at chipotle or the fuck
he's doing her now and it's kind of sad
that he didn't just like push through
that and just continue making content
and you know doing something that's much
more you know fruitful in the long run
it's a lot of people are afraid to take
chances and I feel like that's sad
because you know there's a lot of living
proof that you can
do it so yeah that's a my stance on that
i'm going to go stream i also did a
gaming vlog so if you want to see what's
up in my gaming world and on my gaming
channels and stream you should check
that out too i don't know if i'll post
it maybe i'll post it yeah i'll probably
post it down in the you know in the
comment where i post the straw poll and
all that that you guys usually up vote
so yeah thanks for watching guys and
thanks for everything and I hope you
don't hate my ponytail look too much
it's kind of weird looks weird on me I
have like big ears bye guys ah I don't
know which one of those I like best but
we'll see bite
