hey guys I was just listening to music
sometimes I can't stop listening to
music I usually listen to music when I'm
doing my makeup and sometimes I end up
spending like 15 extra minutes after I
do my makeup just laying around
listening to music or taking a long time
to put my clothes on and that was today
I was just listening to the new Slipknot
album some Rob signs and Lamb of God and
stuff and sometimes things are more
powerful than others especially when I
like transform my look like today I
don't know it's kind of weird I feel
like there's like a psychological
correlation to the fact that I like
really aggressive sexual Lily sexual to
me
manly metal right and then I'm also like
doing my makeup and it's Sexy's me up
and I'm like oh yeah I just wanna fuck
that's how I feel today I don't know um
I am trying out new eye makeup and stuff
because um I've been doing some shoots
lately and people have been suggesting
that we use a makeup artist and I
fucking hate makeup artist it's so weird
like I've never been a makeup artist
that knows what to do with my face it
seems like a lot of makeup artists are
just taught how to put on certain types
of makeup but they don't understand how
to put it on for the person's specific
face and I've been doing it since I was
like 10 or 9 years old or something I've
been like experimenting with makeup and
having fun with it and then I was taught
a bunch in modeling school when I was 13
and then from there on I would take bits
and pieces from other people just like I
would observe someone doing something or
I would observe how something is done on
someone and I can do it myself pretty
easily the same happened with me when I
learned how to tease my hair I just saw
someone do it on my mom and then I was
able to do it and I pick up skills
easily that way that's how I learned to
sew I was just kind of like this makes
sense I can make my own pattern and then
I can just go off that pattern and I
ended up being able to do it and a lot
of the stuff that I do is kind of like
makeshift or a little ghetto or not the
best quality but but it's made basically
just because I self-taught everything I
don't really watch videos on how to do
makeup because I feel like that's really
tedious I mostly just like skip through
to it like I watched Lauren Curtis
occasionally just because she's cute and
pretty and I like her I can have like a
girl crush on her or whatever you want
to call it I don't like the term girl
crush it seems very juvenile and I feel
like what I feel for women isn't like
very heterosexual it's not like a
juvenile thing it's more like yeah I
want to like look at this girl's body
not like oh my god she's sick hey Eric
gosh
like other girls do it's not really like
that anyway uh so I will skip through a
makeup video phylla if I see a girl with
makeup that I like and just like pause
on a still and like analyze it real
quick and then I can do it oh and if I
really can't do it after I try that I
like just observe which kind of tools
she uses and then I'll be able to kind
of extrapolate exactly where I'm
supposed to be doing from just seeing
that and I don't really need her to tell
me an exact technique and I don't need
to take classes for anything usually
it's very weird that's why
institutionalized learning to me has a
lot of downfalls especially in the u.s.
it just seems very lacking and a lot of
people who say yeah I got a master's
degree or yeah I have a bachelor's in
business or you know I got a high school
diploma no that shit means anything to
me really because it seems like a lot of
schools in America are just like there
are a lot of people with master's
degrees who are very fucking stupid and
it's kind of funny to me that that's the
case like educated it doesn't
necessarily equate to a higher level of
intelligence beyond like actual retard
which is kind of crazy not to say that
everyone who gets you know a lot of
schooling is super stupid or anything
there are a lot of very intelligent
people who did or didn't go to school
and it really has nothing to do with
book learning it has more to do with
experiences in life and how much how
well you pick up things and how quickly
you pick up on learning and some like
that and how open your mind is to
learning different things basically and
how often you make decisions based on
logic and your actual rational feelings
and how often you make it based on just
like your emotions like you make a lot
of mistakes if you follow your emotions
more than you follow your logic in most
cases but anyway today the blog doesn't
really have a very specific topic I
haven't done this for a while most of my
vlogs she used to be just
me babbling about some random thing and
going from topic to topic but I've been
trying to narrow it down and make it so
that it is about a certain topic of
these days but today I just don't really
feel like going over any of the topics I
have in my topic list which is just a
notepad on my phone I have I'm gonna
talk about how I feel about guns and
weapons I'm gonna talk about where I see
myself in 15 years vegan and vegetarian
alternative options someone asked me to
do that so I want to do that and there's
just a bunch of other topics I have in
there that I don't really feel like I
usually have to feel a strong pull to do
a video topic well and I feel like I
didn't feel a strong poll when I was
doing the staring in public video which
was like a couple days ago and I felt
like that video really lacked and then I
felt bad about it but it was like a
viewer requested video and I'm like yeah
I'll just do it whatever but then on the
flip side when I have a really strong
urge to talk about something in a video
I end up like my whole day like I'll
even wake up and not be able to fall
asleep because my whole day will be just
like rehearsing what I want to say in my
head or thinking about things more
critically like is that what it really
how it feels this really what I want to
say how do I want to say that um and I
formulate in my opinion in this very
great coherent speech and then when it
comes out of my mouth is like garbled
and I forget things and I trail off it's
like that's awful and then I end up
stressing myself out over a blog which
is like actually retarded so um these
kind of chill vlogs and think I want to
do more often I just don't really know
what ever to title them like one of them
I titled babble cock off and I entitled
them like news or like babies or
something because like they're boobs and
I don't really know what else just Terra
talking about stuff so anyway I did um
yesterday I did uh okay so if you watch
the eponym do which was reported
yesterday but uploaded today and this is
gonna be able to tomorrow um I did like
a black smokey eye and I I would
consider myself very bad at doing i
shadow I don't usually do eyeshadow um
but I'm trying to get better at it so
that I can do it first shoots because
sometimes it looks better in shoots than
it does just in public I have a strong
opinion that if you are wearing as much
makeup as you should be wearing for a
shoot for really really bright lights
then it's way too much for in real life
like sometimes you have to wear
a foundation or concealer or something
that is ten times darker than your
actual skin color because makeup is very
translucent so when you get a really
bright light on you you end up having
like a paler face in your body unless
you have a darker foundation on and I
have to do this also sometimes for
stream like if the only thing I'm doing
in the day of streaming I'll put on my
like modelling type foundation for
brightness you know because I do have a
softbox for streaming that brightens up
my webcam so it's all very technical but
it's also really fun and I like the
different looks that I'm getting in
today I really like the brown smokey eye
I feel like the black smokey eye from
yesterday is a little bit too I don't
know it often blends in with my eye
color and I feel like this makes my eyes
pop more and it's a little slutty I like
it I like slutty makeup when it actually
looks good and I feel like it used to
not look good on me but I feel like I'm
getting better at it so that's cool
another thing is I'm so fucking happy
lately I don't know why I'm just like ah
despite the stress that I've been having
that I have to take more modeling jobs
lately because like I told you guys
before there's some issue with my
YouTube analytics and it's still
happening my uh my revenue for my blog
channel is not going up at all which is
kind of sad whatever but I'm just gonna
work harder to improve and you know get
back up there at some point um it's
really weird cuz I felt like I had it
all because I was making enough you know
and then it just kind of went back down
to like me six months ago with my vlog
channel it's kind of like whatever you
know I started the vlog Channel I didn't
even have it at one point and I wasn't
planning on having it having it and it
was just like it was an impulse so I
guess um I should look at it I was just
like extra right um another thing that's
been bothering me money-wise is that
people couldn't like donate to my stream
and then just like immediately charge
back well not like immediately they have
like 180 days to do this shit and if
they charge back and it goes through I
actually have to pay a fee which means
that not only am I not making money I'm
like paying money to have this person do
this and what's more frustrating is like
I'll like hype it on stream and they'll
be like the biggest d on the channel and
other people who like actually
tribute to my channel and who actually
helped out will be overshadowed by these
people you know donating like a hundred
dollars and then taking it back and it's
like really frustrating to me because I
feel like I can't rule out who is gonna
do that and who isn't and I'm having one
of the situation's right now where I
have to report to PayPal and I report to
PayPal and I guess that looking online
they say that like donations they don't
really support you taking donations so
like unless you provide a service which
I kind of do and kind of don't it's like
it's just like um you know when you have
those GoFundMe things and they're like
okay if you donate 20 bucks you'll get
like an autographed image or something
okay well if you donate the highest
amount in the month on my stream then
you get your name on the screen and you
get a hype and you get you know a lot of
appreciation for me that doesn't it
doesn't have a monetary value obviously
but like I don't want to be you know
feeling like oh I have this money in my
bank account oh it's gone and then if I
transfer it and I have to go into
overdraft because I often transfer my
paypal money because back when I was
using PayPal to take money for my
merchandise on my website they randomly
shut down my PayPal and they wouldn't
give me a reason why and they took like
a couple hundred bucks for me so I'm
like always wanting to like empty my
PayPal account like as much as possible
um and it sucks for a Content producer
because content producers are making you
free content and giving you a bunch of
you know entertainment and sometimes
you're like learning and being inspired
by this and that's why people feel like
they want to give back that's why you
know people send me things for F&M
because content producers are like
starving artists we don't get that much
money an ad rep is like shit
so how streamers make a lot of their
money is by donations and subs and
that's really the way that you support
content producers it's like we're giving
you free content if you have a little
extra money or if this like content is
somehow changing your life we're just
like letting you pass time and you know
it's a it's a great thing for you then
you know give back if you can if you
can't just keep enjoying the content and
you know give it more visibility by
giving it views or comments or you know
engaging with the content producer and
like meaningful conversations which is
something I really really enjoy like
reading the comments and being replying
and they were applying to you guys in
the video and stuff so it's kind of been
frustrating that I just can't even count
donations
and then when I do I end up having
viewers and fans that I thought were you
know on my side and then I feel like
they're very to the contrary because
they're like pretty much stealing money
from me but not getting it on their own
they're stealing money back to PayPal or
the bank account who gives me a penalty
for having a charge back because charge
backs are seen as like you didn't
deliver or you were scammed and I don't
like wanna have to deal with that so
it's like I hope there's a way to
blacklist people who do it consistently
because that would be really frustrating
like there was this one guy my first
charge back ever it was this one guy
that donated $1 like 10 times and every
single time he would say something
vulgar on stream and I'm like yay thanks
for the dollar and then read it and I'm
like yeah cool or whatever and you know
I appreciated the support and you know
if he wants to have his silly message
on-screen and he wants to pay dollar for
it that's fine whatever but um it's like
I'm sure people are getting trolled that
way and I'm sure like streamers like
kaceytron and a bunch of other people
who just feed off of pretending to be
really fucking stupid are kind of
facilitating that kind of I don't know
that culture and streaming like
donations are not meant to help up your
favorite streamer they're meant to try
to degrade the person and pay for like
ad space on their channel for like a
couple seconds it's like okay it's kind
of a gives me kind of like an icky
feeling but at the same time it's like
whatever I try to create an environment
that is very to the contrary of how
kaceytron act so but I've just been
happy in general because first of all
it's not fucking hot today and I feel
like the next couple of days are not
gonna be as hot as it used to be and
yesterday was like the opposite it was
like over 90 degrees and I was streaming
before it got cooled off in the room so
I was like oh I'm dying I was getting
like a heatstroke thing and had to like
quit early because I was starting to get
really dizzy even though I stay hydrated
I still feel very like dizzy and I
randomly get spurts with like really the
room is spinning dizzy when it's that
hot and it's like awful I also want to
show you something about this shirt I
fucking love this shirt but I'm missing
a button so I have to like keep it
closed with like a fucking hairpin
like so ghetto but whatever I don't
really feel like every single
Abercrombie sure it comes with an extra
button and I don't know where I keep
those extra buttons I never threw them
away but I'm assuming I don't the fuck's
going on but uh the shoes these shoes
are so sick I went to the gym today with
them and I was running or whatever and
they are very good for cardio and also
for walking to the gym which is awesome
it's like you're walking on a cloud or
like a mat or whatever so thank you Mark
for getting them for me it's so random
like I don't know I don't have these on
my wish list or anything and I don't
even know how he knew that I was sighs
seven-and-a-half it's very weird but I
really appreciate that because like they
are fucking awesome I don't know did he
get like a pair for himself I didn't
they seemed very girly I don't they
don't seem like they would be for
someone like him but I don't know um I
just really appreciate you guys
continuing to watch my content when I
babble when I talk about stupid shit
when I talk about dick pics and all the
things that people just want to hear
about that you see the underlying
meaning in all of the content I create
and you appreciate it and you continue
to watch for whatever reason you watch I
really just appreciate it thank you for
supporting I can't say that enough and I
feel like I said it so much that it's
becoming genuine but it's like really
I'm just like so happy I'm always like
when I was a model the way I would work
it like I didn't have like an exclusive
agency so a lot of what made me popular
and a lot of what made my pictures
popular and the fact that you know a
photographer has held me to such high
regard was that you know I had so many
fans and my fans were like so supportive
of me and when I did an interview they
like that's what made me popular on the
interview sites and everyone wanted to
work with me because that meant that I
brought my followers with me and like
ever since my myspace days even it's
just been awesome that you guys are like
my extended family and I love you guys
so let me know if you like the new
makeup and how mad you are at me that
this doesn't actually have a good topic
or anything but yeah I'm gonna go stream
now I'm gonna do some games that I
haven't played yet and then we're gonna
play some League so I'm trying to league
up - so - so try to link up to gold whoa
my pre goal I guess not my ultimate goal
but my pre goal is to get to platinum so
I guess my Freegal right now would be to
get to gold leaving
keep going up and down I'm like bronze 4
bronze 3 bronze to bronze 3 bronze to
bronze 3 bronze 4 like okay yeah well
it's not I just feel like it's bronze
because everyone so retarded that's
really silver but it feels like bronze
dude sometimes anyway thank you guys for
contributing to my happiness
oh that was my picture for the video all
right bye guys
