hey guys welcome to a new episode up
Friday and I am ale fuck yeah this is my
favorite series on my channel now
because I get so fucking excited about
everything you guys send me so I am
super excited to announce that are
probably going to be doing this every
single every other Friday if that makes
sense to you guys I'm actually making a
schedule for this and um
dragna make it scheduled pretty much
everything else on my channel as well so
Terry Thomas is coming back and
hopefully a sex ed material will also
have a stricter schedule so let's go
ahead and start opening boxes by the way
can I just state how fucking awesome it
is do you guys keep sending me amazing
things as I get to unbox I get to make
content I get new stuff and I get to
just give back to you guys the people
who are supporting me and supporting my
lovely passion of making videos on
YouTube and of course gaming because I
always get games this is the only
vanilla type package that I have for the
entire video this time holy shit it's
till Lindemann CD I didn't even know
that he was doing anything without
Rammstein oh my god this also features
the dude from autocracy
this is fucking sick oh my god I am so
excited about this one thank you so much
I'm gonna assume that it's Robert who
sent me this so thank you Robert and
Haley Hill the new man is so fucking
sexy I would let him fake pee on me at a
concert any time
alright next we have this which is just
a white package that have the package
inside of it which is kind of annoying
because why would that ever need to be
the face oh oh shit we got some shoes
this is actually shoes it's actually
shoes I love working out so I love shoes
let's see if they fit oh shit they've
been all right this is mark thank you so
much mark I really appreciate it you are
the shit helping my Fitness addiction
our next package is from Joseph Michaels
he was a fellow content producer I
wonder what he's sending me it says that
it's Luna pull nutrition bars for women
I have no idea what he has boxes but I'm
assuming he's
reusing the box so let's go ahead and
open it I have little scissors this time
because for some reason I can't find my
big scissors oh shit what is this ha ha
this is so cute
white why can his head come off his head
comes off and you can I guess sick stuff
this is really cool
Thank You Joseph I love your nerd
memorabilia and we also have oh my
fucking god
kurt socks thank you oh my god and a ps3
code to the slide Cooper collection
remastered in high definition this is
fucking awesome why does it have to be
ps3 though and not ps4 that would make
everything so much better hey Babs Rach
sorry I have been out of touch with you
hope you enjoy your gifts I got you love
your friend the adventurous Joe PS never
give up on your dreams and always
remember that I will always be your
friend and that I will always have your
back Thank You Joseph
right back at you love you ok we have
another amazing Amazon Prime box
actually this is my first Amazon Prime
box this time because the other one was
like just shoes in a bucket bag oh my
god first in this box the app assassin's
creed rogue last year they released a
next-gen assassin's creed in their
release of ps3 assassin's creed 4 the
last generation and this is the last
generation 1 but you have to play with
the ps3 which is kind of annoying but at
the same time i cannot miss out an
assassin's creed because one of my
favourite friends so thank you so much
for buying me this it looks like I'm
gonna have to actually power up my ps3
again because I've got Sly Cooper I've
got thousands Creed rogue this is
fucking awesome thank you and we also
have the universal two-in-one LED
ring lights in flash I really want this
because I think it's gonna add a cool
dynamic and cool look to my more
professional videos and I'm really
excited about this and hopefully soon I
will get a DSLR to hook it up to maybe I
can open up to my camcorder I'm not
quite sure but I've been wanting this
for a long time and I want to try out a
ring clash because I always love bring
lights especially in my modeling career
I'm always like do you every night oh my
god bullshit with the ring light for
headshots and I fucking love it so I'm
glad to have my own I will do a test
with it soon and these amazing gifts are
from Mark Cooper thank you so much mark
I heard you mentioning that you need a
camera gear in your YouTube glitches
video if the macro ring light isn't in
this package it will be shipped
separately from marcheeta
thank you so much and we've got another
Amazon books well this box is in its
natural habitat and Tara's living room
all right what's this oh we've got the
tiny Amazon gift box this is cute
favourite is tiny Amazon gift box and it
says I love you Tara from sweetest kitty
oh no sweetest kitty what did you get me
you are so cute
oh it's squishy dress Oh
so awesome I'm so excited about this
should we put it all right now let's put
it on right now
oh my god and fucking love it thank you
so much sweetie skinny you were the
fucking bet
okay well grand I'll start checked out
live long and have a lot of sex all
right we have another box oh well
there's two Amazon gift box in here okay
so the first one looks like this and it
says hi Tara I know the feeling when
your controller goes low on battery a
case or list hmm I think I know what
this is
hey it's my charge station for my ps4
controllers and other USB devices ah
fuck yes dude I need this so bad I'm
just like hooking it up to my ps4 in the
front with a little USB to micro-usb
thing and it looks fucking awful miss
just laying on the floor and it's a
blood I have one of these that looks way
worse for my ps3 controller so I'm
really glad to have this for my ps4
controllers thank you so much
alright let's go to the next gift in
here we have a tiny little package hi
Tara
pretty girls maintenance items oh it's
my contour stick okay so I don't usually
put makeup items on my wish list but
these are things that I don't really
need I just kind of want to try out and
maybe you know I'll look better
afterwards but I get to contour and
contouring is basically like bringing
out your cheekbones you know
accentuating certain parts of your face
you think you look better than others
why they augment or change something
about the way your face structure is
just bring out your cheekbones and
you're pretty apple of your cheeks so
that is contouring in a nutshell
highlighting and darken and last but
certainly not least because it is in the
form of a game it says I've made you a
pre-order of Final Fantasy 15 in Final
Fantasy 7 remake so don't get so
addicted to this one now but enjoy it a
case swordless oh my god that's fucking
awesome
no way dying light yes I've had this on
my wish list for a while I think it
looks fucking sick
I love zombie games and I am just
excited to play this shit go anywhere
climb anything creative brutality :
action
you're the best mind
okay swordless all right we have one
more and it's gigantic JK it's just me
okay let's open this fucking shit oh
yeah it's fucking big not so heavy means
it's aerodynamic oh my god it's too big
ass fucking boxes so we have this big
Amazon gift box and then we also have
this kind of also big Amazon gift box
whose wrapping thing just fell off which
is kind of annoying what about that oh
no I can't
I'm getting box rates I've been rates
with boxes and let that fall and
hopefully doesn't knock over my tripod
there we go okay let's start with the
box who has the wrapping falling off I'm
not sure if you'd put your chest size
but thought you would look cute in it oh
thanks oh my god it is it a fucking
anime schoolgirl outfit is that what's
going on right now and is that what I'm
seeing oh my god it is it doesn't fit my
chest cute I love schoolgirl skirts I
feel like I can wear this with anything
I am a schoolgirl from like Star Trek
which isn't a thing it's not a thing at
all
thank you so much last but hopefully not
least we have a really big box or
something see what's going on in here
let's go it is Miss Krueger that is
awesome
was the food good I feel like a
neckbeard oh yeah we got the claw that's
what I'm fucking talking about
oh it's right-handed by the left-handed
serial killer so this is just like not
okay I'm gonna scare the shit out of
everyone with this this is so cool
now I am a Freddy Krueger slash anime
schoolgirl slash fucking Vulcan and I
like this sweater it's very sweater read
I like sweaters that are sweater it's
also very good stuff oh my god it's so
hot on me but it is way too fucking hot
to put this on so I will put it on later
and then send pictures to you of course
a case or list as well as posting on
Instagram especially when it gets closer
to Halloween I think I found my
Halloween outfit unless I go with the
Captain America girl I'm not sure yet I
really love this and I appreciate all
the gifts you guys have gotten me you
guys are fucking amazing Thank You Marc
thank you in case all of us thank you
sweetest kitty and everyone else has
sent me anything don't forget to like
the video subscribe the channel if you
want to send me anything even if it's
just a card or a notes mad just is down
in the description as well as attached
to my Amazon wishlist thank you so much
for supporting my stream and for
supporting my videos here on YouTube and
everything that I do related to gaming
and making content is he a couple people
saying that they wish they could spoil
it with things but really just watch my
content and support the channel and
that's all I asked for I
