hey guys welcome to my second video of
the day today we're going to talk about
or this video we're going to talk about
because they've already talked about
jealous girls but this video which is
uploading on a different day obviously I
always get confused about this it
doesn't even matter nobody gives a shit
we're going to talk about drugs weed
alcohol in my opinions on them and the
people who use them often so a little
bit on my background I have I have had
I've smoked a lot of weed in my life but
that was in the past I've done it very
little in the present I've I've had a
lot of consumed a lot of alcohol that's
for sure but I don't actually have a
favorite alcoholic drink and when people
when we go out to drink I drink
whatever's there or whatever people have
or whatever people order me like i
always say whoever i'm with i'm like
yeah just tell me what to order order me
something because I don't really have a
favorite I'm not really into drinking
and it's true I don't really like
substances in the first place for myself
because um when I was younger I was with
that guy Jared who was like awful to me
and when he was in jail or whatever I
would hang out with my friends he didn't
like drugs and alcohol he smoked
cigarettes but he didn't like drugs and
alcohol he didn't like me to do it
because he knew that I got a little
crazy or whatever same reason Jay kind
of parents me when I drink because he's
like worried that I'm gonna do something
stupid which I won't I mean I'm crazy
when I'm sober I'm just slightly crazier
when I'm drunk and I'm aware of what I'm
doing I've never gotten drunk enough or
high enough to where I don't remember
what happened or I'm not coherent and
the closest I've ever gotten is
documented in a video called my
sluttiest moment if you guys want to
watch it it was the first time I took
Molly but so um drugs alcohol Molly and
some kind of a weed laced with cocaine
and that's pretty much all I've done and
then there's salvia whatever the the
alternative to weed those are the only
things i've done um at all and I used to
do drugs a lot because I was unhappy in
my relationship with Jared and I was
kind of going through a rough patch so I
partied my way through it and every time
i would get high I would have this
realization that I'm like not happy that
I'm doing this and everyone around me
would seem so pathetic and I would get a
little bit paranoid and I would have
like I could feel my heart beating in my
chest and it it's just not I'm not a
happy
the stone person it's very weird and
like the only a few times that I've been
happy I've been in the company of people
who i really trust and who I really care
about like Jay like I've gotten high and
had like a really amazing sex that's
documented in the video called the best
sex which is my second most popular
video because I show my butt in the
mirror or something like that but um
yeah I I like having drunk and high sex
because it's really fun but other than
for sex I feel like there's no real
place for it in my life because I don't
party like I've said a million times i
have a video called RTV something or
other why I don't drink or go to the
club or why I don't club when I'm party
something like that it's not really my
thing I don't really like to do that but
when I am going to a friend's house or I
am um partying and getting drunk it
always makes me feel less than happy it
also messes with my fitness regimen like
I feel the same way I feel about smoking
cigarettes I'm pretty sure we'd affects
your lungs that way because I feel more
weighed down and when I haven't done any
kind of drugs for a while smokes drugs I
feel so much better uh and I just don't
like the way that affects my my like
lungs and trachea and all that stuff it
just doesn't feel good it doesn't feel
healthy and people always talk up you
know we'd like it has health benefits
and stuff but for me I would just rather
be clean and be into fitness and that's
a similar a similar philosophy that Jay
has he loves smoking pot and he does it
sometimes with Jesus but um his main
philosophy is that he wants to be clean
because his you know lifting and his
working out and I feel the same way I
want to be like the cleanest healthiest
version of myself possible and the way I
feel when I'm doing all the drugs and
alcohol is the way I feel when I've been
eating too many cheap meals or cheap
food it feels like it weighs me down it
doesn't feel healthy so for me
personally I try to stay away from it
especially because it doesn't make me
feel that great and I don't know if
there are any other people out there who
have like bad highs when they're on weed
or ever but um
for me and just I look around and I'm
like these people are so pathetic just
wasting like this is what's going on my
head these people are so pathetic just
wasting their lives away on alcohol and
drugs what are we doing just sitting
here like laughing like idiots not doing
anything productive and I start like
feeling like that and I look in the
mirror and I'm like what is wrong with
me and like I feel like when I'm high
that is what's going on is that I'm
getting the insecurities that I've never
had just like come like spring long me
all at once and it feels awful and I
just feel disgusting and it's terrible
and I'm like is this how people normally
feel when they're unhappy with
themselves what's going on this is so
fucking all right I feel awful so I
don't really like to do it that much and
that's why I belies at the opinion that
people who smoke or drink too much our
kind of low lives and I don't I don't
hold that as like a very like where I
look down on people but I've always felt
like I could never really be close
friends to someone who was always stoned
or always drunk and I feel like smoking
pots is can be fun for recreation like
at night on a Sunday when you're you
know just want to like laugh with your
husband and have fun or you know watch a
funny movie i recommend watching Pink
Floyd's the wall because that movie
looks like it would be so amazing high
and I've never watched it high my
parents owned it and I tried to steal it
from my daddy was like fuck no bitch cuz
I shit back I'm like that game and I
wanted to watch a high because fucking
so psychedelic and Pink Floyd's my
favorite fucking band in the whole world
since I was really young so I think that
would be really a cool experience
there's some other things like the
rejected skit on youtube if you watch
that shit hi it seems like it would be
amazing and there there are a lot of
things that it's cool to alter the way
your brain thinks and that's a very
fascinating to me I've always wanted to
try a hallucinogenic drug so I could see
what it's like because i can't imagine
actually understanding a different
perception is reality i couldn't imagine
that is so fucking amazing your brain
has ways to do that even with chemical
help like I love to study and experience
that kind of thing and it's very
interesting to me but at the same time
it's just not something I want to do for
myself and I've always thought that we'd
people who smoke a lot of weed are
obviously much dumber my mom has a lot
of
blonde moments more so than I feel like
she had when she was younger because she
did a lot of drugs and um you know she
she and my dad were living in that age
of being a hippie right like most people
my age as parents would did so it's like
I feel like those people have less clear
thoughts and I feel like sometimes I
have issues with my own memory and I
feel like I can attribute that to how
much pot I smoked when I was like 14 and
I thought I wish I hadn't because I want
to have the sharpest mind possible and
one of my best friends Jesus no offense
Jesus but he has brain farts every five
seconds and I feel like when I am
smoking weed my mentality everything
that I'm doing slows down so much that
it bothers me and I'm actually stressed
out and that's part of the reason why I
don't like doing it is because like I
played magic once when I was high I got
high and I was like oh fuck out to play
magic this is awful and it was so hard
to concentrate like I felt like I got a
better a better focus like I could focus
on one specific thing better but at the
same time I it made me slow overall and
I would forget things like a blonde
moment type of feeling and then I was
like oh why did I do that fuck and I had
to like take a long time to do anything
and someone like me who I like working
on my mind and I care about what it
means to be intelligent I love working
on that and stuff it kind of doesn't
make any sense to me to smoke weed
because weed makes me feel dumber and in
the long run probably makes me dumber
and it's just I don't want to do that
and I feel like a lot of people just
don't care about that and it's kind of
sad to me I don't know I totally
understand doing it for fun with your
friends i do it for fun with my friends
very rarely but overall i've never
really understood people who do it
very frequently and I live in the state
where it's fucking legal to smoke weed I
don't understand people doing harder
drugs I feel like the way people act
like oh you do crack once you're hooked
forever I don't feel like that's
actually the way it is I feel like you
can experiment with that stuff and you
know you can definitely be fine I know a
lot of people who have done that stuff
at least once and they're perfectly
functional human beings afterwards but I
do understand the how badly people don't
want you to try it because you could
slip into that you know you could be
that kind of person and I feel like it's
a weak-minded kind of person who does
that and um I just don't feel like drugs
are good for anything other than very
occasional recreational use and that's
just my opinion I don't look down on
people who do it more frequently I just
feel like for me I don't want to because
of all of the repercussions and all but
the way that I feel when I do it so
hopefully that doesn't offend too many
people i know a lot of people who smoke
weed on a regular basis some people who
are my friends but for me it's just
doesn't make any sense to do that I feel
like there's so many better outlets I
feel like if you want to let loose you
should just learn to let loose and not
be so uptight I everyone always blames
everything on alcohol like that is so
dumb to me no like I saw a comment on
the video about me almost getting
molested or whatever and they were like
oh but if you were drunk imagine what
you would have done no no like alcohol
just gets rid of my inhibitions and
allows me to do the things that I
already wanted to do unless I'm black
out drunk right listen all my blackout
drunk and someone just comes in and
picks me up while i'm like dead and like
puts me on the bed and fucks mean that's
like oh fuck i thought some I didn't
mean to but it was really raped like
that kind of thing that is the only way
I'm gonna have sex with someone I don't
want to have sex with alcohol allows you
to not be as inhibited by your own you
no morals and insecurities and stuff and
allows you to do things you already
wanted to do it doesn't make you a
different person at all um so you can't
blame things on doing that it just
doesn't make any sense like oh my god
you know and a lot of people hide behind
that like men will be like I cheated on
you
hey know you wanted to cheat on her and
only reason you didn't was because you
weren't as horny as when you started
drinking or something it's not something
that changes your personality but anyway
uh there's something else I was going to
talk about and I don't fucking remember
oh yeah uh speaking of which I wanted to
know if anyone had a good app in mind
for a dictionary thing giving you new
vocabulary words like a new vocabulary
word of the day I found a couple but
they always give me really basic
vocabulary words and i really love but
like something I love about myself is
that I pride myself on having a pretty
extensive vocabulary and I want to work
on improving that as well it's something
that I find fun improving and if I could
just do that by you know getting in a
wake up call every morning telling me a
new vocabulary word that's actually
advanced that would be pretty cool I'm
completely fine with having once in a
while of vocabulary word that I already
know but giving me something like savage
and then the definition of savage
because the fuck does another definition
of savage like there are people is like
English second language like barely just
came here like two days ago and they
know what fucking Savage means I want
like a real like scholarly vocabulary
even if it's like Old English where you
know like when you read Shakespeare or
something like that it takes you a while
to understand what the fuck they're
talking about because it's written in
such a weird way and a lot of people
spoke like Yoda back then or there were
words that aren't there like you know
antiquated words but um I don't know I
just I I like apps like that i had an
app that was teaching me german and i
learned probably a good majority of my
german from just teaching myself on apps
and looking things up that people said
or you know reading lyrics of mega hairs
or Rammstein but yeah if you guys have
any suggestions for that that would be
pretty cool if you guys know anyway so
I'm not just gonna open the dictionary
start reading and I'm going to know most
of the words and it's going to be a
fucking daunting task and it's not just
like I really like the idea of
integrating learning into my life in a
way that is not going to be taking up a
lot of my time because I don't have a
lot of time just sit around and learn I
used to sit around and read things about
psychology or like anomaly
or I would read like out-of-body
experiences or sleep paralysis all that
stuff interests me I read an article
about a guy who took a bunch of
different drugs and drew the same
picture on you know each different drug
oh no he drew his self-portrait on each
different drug and sometimes it was just
like fucked up shit and it was hilarious
and I thought that was interesting I
thought it was very insightful and even
if it was supposed to be kind of for
just for fun it was really interesting
to me so yeah let me know about that let
me know how you feel about drugs alcohol
weed and cigarettes oh yeah that's what
I was gonna talk about I think it goes
without saying that i find cigarettes
disgusting i think they smell very bad
it's like someone elected to slowly kill
themselves for no apparent reason just
because it relieves stress you need to
find a better way to relieve stress go
to the gym or something you know like
running really hard or lifting really
hard or like punching a bag or learning
you know some kind of jujitsu thing like
that will really stress way better than
slowly killing yourself making yourself
smell bad and making your teeth yellow
all that stuff is just awful I don't
understand why now that we've learned of
the health risks and everyone finds it
detest full that people are still doing
it I don't understand why we can talk
shit about that though and not talk shit
about someone's weight which is also
slowly killing them like all of the
social stigmas in the world and all the
things we need to be politically correct
about not to hurt people's feelings
really bother me but I'm really glad
that I can say you stop smoking it's a
terrible habit what the fuck are you
doing to all of my friends because they
definitely shouldn't do that so as I
feel about every single legal and
illegal substance basically in a
nutshell that's 14 minutes long it's a
very long nutshell but yeah thank you
for watching guys I'm gonna go stream
that's a funny face yeah hi guys
