hey guys I have my phone on the selfie
stick in the selfie sticks on the floor
propped up and leaning on the door to
the balcony so I don't know how well
this is gonna work I feel like in the
middle of the video the thing is just
gonna fall over it's gonna be awful but
we will see I started out trying to put
it between my legs and holding it but it
was really shaky and I was like I don't
know what I'm doing I'm wearing this
really cool Avengers shirt and it's so
annoying because I have so few like sexy
yet also nerdy shirts and it really
bothers me I have a ton of nerdy shirts
and have a ton of sexy shirts but it's
very rare that they come together this
is one of two Avenger shirts well the
other ones actually Captain America but
this is one of two shirts like that that
are kind of tank top but this one it's
like too tight on the neck and then it's
like baggy on my waist and tight on my
boobs just like every other no issue
that I have with every shirt that's why
I like shopping at Abercrombie and
Hollister and Gili Hicks because they
have a certain type of material that's
really stretchy and it's it's nice it
fits my body very well because it'll
starts as much as I want on the top and
then you know constrains my waist as
much as I want to so it's pretty cool so
they have a lot of awesome jeggings and
I love jeggings I haven't worn jeggings
in a while because J says they make me
look silly but um he says I need to have
really really skinny legs for them and
since I'm one of those people that
always has curvy legs and but like and
I'm not the skinniest I've ever been it
kind of looks weird and I guess you know
I agree with him it probably does but I
think that is really comfortable um
anyway today I'm going to talk about
jealous women because that was one of
the topics that was brought up in the
comments and I love doing topics that
you guys bring out because if I run out
of topics I have you guys or if you
suggest that that means that it's the
most interesting and once again I've
done a minute and a half intro that has
nothing to do with the topic but I
apologize for that at least I'm not like
sure she paid us every time I feel bad
for doing it two and a half minute intro
there's nothing to do with the topic
I remember Trisha Paytas who does only
one minute of the topic and 49 minutes
of something else and then I remember
Toby Turner who has pictures of girls in
hot tubs when there's nothing to do with
girls and hot tubs and I'm like I think
I'm on the right track of how youtubers
are supposed to be I think it's fine to
have the intro with what I'm doing in
with my life and then go on into the
topic but anyway someone wanted to know
how I deal with jealous women or jealous
women staring a mirror jealous women you
know do
something in spite of me and I haven't
had a lot like I feel like there are
more beautiful women out there who have
had a lot more experience with this
because they probably you know steal
someone's boyfriend or get involved with
someone's boyfriend that's when they
happened to me once I'm not really a
boyfriend stealer at the same time I
don't it doesn't go against my morals I
have a very hard time sympathizing with
the monogamous lifestyle because I can't
empathize with it if that makes any
sense like I don't understand
basing trust on sex if sex isn't
supposed to be the most important thing
in a relationship then why are we saying
that oh don't have sex with someone else
why would you make such a stupid rule up
that makes no fucking sense that you
can't actually achieve like I will never
want to have sex with someone else only
either okay let's stick to it
wait I actually will want to have sex
with someone else but when I do I
promise I won't do it why not I don't
understand if it doesn't actually mean
anything and it's just like having fun
and you just want to do it why would you
not support your partner doing the
things they want to do instead it turns
out that a lot of marriages are based on
distrust and not telling each other
things and not being able to say God
that girl's hot without getting slapped
by your wife I think that that whole
that dynamic is just fucking terrible to
me I want to be a hundred percent honest
and I think there are many other ways to
build trust other than knowing that your
boyfriend isn't gonna sleep with someone
else because you're too insecure to know
to like deal with the fact that might be
happening and you're wondering is she
hotter than me is she better in bed than
me is she gonna is he gonna leave her
for him I feel like that is the ultimate
basis of trust knowing that the person
isn't gonna leave you for someone else
because they love you more than that
other person love is what it's supposed
to be based on right not like looks or
sex and that's what everyone always you
know bullshit's out of their mouths so
why don't they actually prove it by
showing how little sex matters to the
relationship or at least having enough
sex that you don't want to you know need
to get it somewhere else because you're
actually not having any and it's
important sex is important and you
should be having the most fun with your
wife or the most fun with your husband
but it shouldn't be like I can't have
sex with someone else just like I can't
eat dinner with someone else that
doesn't make any sense it's just
something that your body needs and
desires biologic
and you should at least to support the
idea of your husband being like I would
really want to bang her and then you
being like well think about it but you
know it makes me a little insecure would
you mind not doing it and then he's like
oh I guess you know sure because I love
you and I love you more than this would
pleasure me but it certainly would
pleasure me and being honest about that
anyway that's a little bit off-topic I
have a lot of ideas about monogamy and
why it doesn't make sense to me in my
life and why it shouldn't make sense to
a lot of people because of the way that
marriage just fall apart because of it
um but that's another topic for another
video um so it's hard for me to morally
say that I wouldn't steal someone's
husband or I wouldn't have sex with
someone's boyfriend her husband because
I can't feel the despair like the only
problem with that is that someone
breaches someone's trust but why did you
make that that promise of trust in the
first place that you know you're not
going to be able to keep because you're
gonna want to do these things or like
you end up doing these things it's just
like women get pissed off about the
actual sex more than they get pissed off
about the breach of trust
trust me it's very obvious there it's
like out of that fucking whore and then
they fucking hate the girl and they
don't like actually address the issues
that they have in their own marriage so
I'm like yeah you know whatever if I
don't know the girl like if it's not my
best friend or my friend in general and
I don't know that person it doesn't
really affect me emotionally to do that
to someone because call me a bitch or
not it just doesn't make any sense to me
and so I would definitely do it if I
really wanted to do it um and one time I
almost didn't do it so let's start the
stories when I was younger like I told
you guys in the bullying and confidence
video a couple weeks ago I um I had a
bunch of girlfriends who were less than
popular or less than considered
beautiful or whatever and they weren't
really close friends to me and then when
I got really popular on MySpace yes I
had a myspace phase when I was like 15
to 17 where I was lying that I was 18
and posting a bunch of sexy not as sexy
as my modeling photos and not as sexy as
the pictures on Instagram that I take
now but they were sexy photos in like
bras or lingerie or something and I was
saying that I was 18 at the time on
MySpace and I had like 60,000 followers
and that was a lot for like a 15 17
year-old girl in high school and some
girls started getting jealous I guess I
can only surmise that it that they
reacted this way because of jealousy
because I did nothing else
to insinuate that we weren't friends
anymore or that I had betrayed them but
all of a sudden this girl Cassie and
this girl Lolita I think what's her name
these two girls were my friends and they
decided that I was a stupid cunt and
started talking behind my back that I
was a slut and a bitch and Oh a princess
or something and Lolita even went as far
as spray-painting on my parents white
picket fence which is funny that I did
have that I'm a princess bitch or
something like that it was ridiculous
and my mom just like painted over the
fence and she made me paint over the
fence - it was stupid I had to fucking
waste part of my summer doing that it
was really hot out in the summer when I
was doing that I was like now I don't
want to do this but I had to do it
anyway because I was helping my mom and
because it was partially my parents
thought that it was partially my fault
because I must have done something right
no one would just do that out of nowhere
but it felt like my getting popular and
my getting gaining popularity because I
was like beautiful quote unquote um kind
of made them detest me for some odd
reason it was very weird it was like it
could only be jealousy right like I
literally did nothing
I was always supportive of Cassie I
fucking saw her as a mini-me i molded
her you know in in my vision and I love
that girl I thought she was amazing
I like bought her clothes and we went
shopping and I hung out all the time and
I you know supported her when she had
issues with boys and I told her she was
beautiful I had no I didn't even see why
she would do that and later on she
claims that like she's sorry and she
didn't mean to do that she don't know
why she didn't know why she did it
so to me that only meant that she got a
little you know tinge of jealousy or
something
and that was the issue so that was like
my first real vision to the fact that
people can do crazy things because they
are jealous obviously I get the the
random haters in my comments who you
know I would assume part of that part of
the reason why they do it a part of the
reason why some of them do it is because
they're jealous of something of me which
is weird I don't know I feel like it's
hard to talk about this topic candidly
without sounding
without sounding like I'm full of myself
but really I'm just being honest about
the things that happen factually and you
know you I'm like throwing around the
words beautiful or sexy or hot or
whatever because that's what you know
people in society see me as a majority
of the time and that's just a statistic
and not actually any one's you know it's
not me showing you guys but I think of
myself it's what people say in the
comments more often than not or what
people have said to me more often than
not and it's something that society sees
as beautiful at the moments of majority
at the time so obviously everyone has
their own vision of what they see is
beautiful or what this is perfect and
some people might think I'm cute rather
than beautiful because they like
brunettes who are natural or something
but anyway a lot of people do get pissed
off when someone is viewed as beautiful
and they might not be viewed as
beautiful or they're beautiful but I'm
viewed as competition and that kind of
thing happens all the time
so in modeling I had this friend named
April and she was the most insecure girl
I've ever met and she is one of the
reasons that solidified why I don't like
hanging out with girls very much because
every time I hang out with her she would
tell me how jealous she is of my face
how jealous she is of a certain physical
features and I felt like the whole time
I was talking to her I was trying to put
pieces back together of a girl and
ensure that she was beautiful and to the
point where it felt like it was you know
coming from a place of in genuineness
because I just had to keep telling her
no you're beautiful you're great you
look great you're beautiful now I'm not
that pretty nah you're just as pretty
are prettier and like I felt like I just
had to keep doing that to the point
where we didn't really get anywhere like
she was one of the only nerdy gamer
models I've ever known I should play
cold war crafts with her photographer
husband or boyfriend or whatever it was
I think that's a boyfriend because
they're not together anymore I don't
know I don't really talk to her but um
we never really got to the part where we
would talk about games or do anything
else it would just be like her being
like that and then her being quiet
around me and then her bringing it up
later and like she was like it's really
cute when the girls like that but it's
hard for me to relate to someone or talk
to someone or have a medium for a
conversation with someone who is
and so shy and just keeps you know
trying to you know put attention to the
fact that she's insecure about her looks
which is something that I've never
really understood and I feel like even
with my best girlfriend who is a girl I
met some eSports she will still be like
oh you're jealous randomly are like
let's talk about this or oh you got it
so great tour it and it just feels like
a man would never walk up to another man
and be like oh my god you're so pretty
and then expect a response like I don't
know you're pretty it's always just like
hey man that's really cool hut yeah I'm
cognitive Macy's kind of like that
there's no like ego boosting going on or
like weird insecure conversations that
are just awkward because you know we're
not really supposed to be friends we're
supposed to be catty to each other and
that's how I feel that women conduct
themselves so much so that I feel like
they lack intellectual stimulation
because all they're doing is thinking
about their place and the in society as
like in the in the wrong room the
dichotomy of society that's all they're
thinking about you know and it's kind of
sad to me that I feel like a lot of
girls are raised that way so that they
don't get into nerdy things so that they
don't get out on certain things that
they find out that they love because
they're so preoccupied with other
thoughts that are way less
intellectually stimulating I guess I
don't know so um that was one of the
things that happened to me that is kind
of related to jealousy I guess this is
kind of going nowhere I just feel like
talking today and I hope this isn't
annoying or boring that I just want to
talk to dance and like talking I think
I'm gonna do two vlogs probably to be
ahead and because I'm just talking to
today so um of course like I said before
there are the girls that when you walk
by they're like oh my god and then he
whispered their husbands or you know
there are people like staring if I'm
wearing something sexually provocative
or if I'm not but more so if I have you
know big cleavage there was this I went
to fries recently because I had to pick
up what was it that I had to pick up I
don't remember what it was something so
that I could play some game probably
like a controller or a-- or a charger
for my ps4 controller the cable I'm not
sure I don't remember exactly but um I
was standing in line and they have like
a lot of registers so they have someone
acting you to which registers open and
the lady who was gonna turn around and
direct me to the open register was like
oh my god and once you saw my boobs and
it's like so funny how people react
sometimes it's not out of jealous it's
just out of surprised because they don't
often see people who are so fine with
having you know big fake tits out or
having you know cleavage or having a
short skirts and stuff like that so it
can it can be kind of funny that how
much people stare and how much people
say things about people that they don't
even know and it's kind of emulated in
the comments section of YouTube is
pretty much just like a big forum of
what people in public are thinking but
never say to me like I have never had a
problem when I'm playing when I'm going
to a Starcraft tournament or if I am
playing magic I don't I've gone to like
at least a hundred magic tournaments and
I've never had anyone treat me poorly in
any way but I'm sure half the people
like I look at comments on certain magic
forums about women in gaming and there
will be comments about me and my play
mat and like all the things that I do
that are sexual and people having you
know distaste for that but I never see
that in public because nobody is open
enough to say anything other than behind
my back where I can barely hear them I'm
not gonna turn around and sock them
because I'm not ghetto like right um and
I find that quite funny and it doesn't
bother me really so I haven't really had
to deal with it I basically just you
know try to let people know that I have
no ill will toward them and that there's
no problems with them and I and that I
you know respect everyone's opinions but
they shouldn't push their morals on me
and that my you know openness of
sexuality and my hobby of making myself
look better is not anything that's
directed toward other women I'm not
trying to hurt you by doing that I'm
trying to make the best of my life and
the best of what I want out of my life
by doing that and it doesn't affect
anyone else and I'm not comparing myself
to others constantly and I feel like
that's a huge character flaw that a lot
of women have which is just comparing
themselves to other people constantly
rather than actually and bettering
themselves in their own image which is
kind of something that
it's like a life goal that you have to
you have to learn that that that's more
important than worrying about what other
people are doing um my last thing that I
want to talk about is probably gonna be
the most interesting to you guys is my
stint with a guy who was married now
this is kind of a weird story because I
know Jesus watched my blogs and he'll
probably talk about it and it's funny
but he knows the guy when I first got
into magic there was this guy he's a
teacher and I don't give a fuck about
anymore talking about what's going on
because I think he was honest to his
wife so it's not something I need to
hide anymore he was a teacher and I had
a crush on him and I don't know what it
was he wasn't he's not my type but I
randomly get crushes on people who are
not at all my type and I feel like it
probably stems from me being more open
to the more visceral reactions to like
smells or types of things like people
talk a lot about how genetics and
biology like a certain smell or a
certain pheromone that you give off will
attract other people maybe I'm more open
to that because I'm more sexual so I
will be attracted to people who are not
necessarily my taste but I was attracted
to him for a while and I'm not anymore
like when I look at him like what did I
see in him but that's kind of how you
feel when you like have a crush on you
know the overweight teacher in high
school like everyone has a weird crush
or they're like why did I like that
person like even J tells me about like a
crutch that he had on his sister's
friend who was like really weird or
smelled bad or something I remember but
everyone has a crush like that and you
guys should post it in the comments
about yours because I find stuff like
that and like entirely hilarious if you
guys just have a crush on a random
person who are you like oh why did I
have a crush on them it's kind of a
funny phenomenon but it happens to me
all the time so out of crush on this guy
and I think maybe it was because he was
a teacher and that's on my bucket list
or because he acted as though he was a
teacher to Matt in magic to me like we
would go and play test stuff and I would
always come on to him a little bit I
think he knew that I liked him but we
went to Vancouver GP which is a Grand
Prix for magic it's a big event with
like that uh I think it was over I think
it's like three that no was it hundreds
or thousands I don't remember how many
people there it was a lot of fucking
people and we went out drinking
afterwards and I ended up sitting on his
lap he had to do picking me up and like
I was really drunk I don't remember 100%
of this but you ended up like picking me
up and be like this is how I would have
sex or something I'm like
browsing me around it was really weird
and then at the end of the night he
ended up not going home with me because
of you know there was some serendipity
aware of a friend of mine came and said
he would walk me home instead and that
worked out much better because I'm very
glad I didn't do anything with him
but um after that he had to he stopped
talking to me all together
he stopped messaging me on Facebook he
actually unfriended me on everything he
wouldn't respond to me on League of
Legends and it was I was like what's
going on and then I found out that his
he went home felt really bad and told
his wife everything that had happened
and she freaked out and ended up telling
him yes which magic stores that he goes
to on Friday we're not allowed to talk
anymore and we ended up not talking for
a very long time until I went to a
modern tournament which back then was a
format nobody thought I played so I went
there and he ended up being there we
ended up playing against each other and
I lost those playing merfolk and he was
playing like storm or something red and
it was kind of funny that we had to
interact and he was just like like I
can't talk to you it was really weird
but it's funny that she ended up showing
up at one of our last events together to
like he threw a party or something at a
magic tournament for a friend going away
or something and we ended up going to
same places she came
like stood around and gave me the
stink-eye for like ever and I'm like you
know how bad it makes you look that like
I understand being insecure about this I
understand being like you can't talk to
her anymore in a professional or in a
personal capacity because you know the
relationship has gone a little bit too
far and you obviously will do things
drunk with her that I am not
appreciative of and it's breaking my
trust but to tell someone that they
can't talk to with anyone anymore again
and like control their lives like that
that's how monogamy works like he wanted
to do something with me was very clear
and his wife at Port her foot down and
said I'm going to control your life like
you were a fucking dog because I am
insecure about this certain situation
and I don't trust you and obviously he
gave her a little bit of a reason not to
trust but at the same time it's like you
know don't make agreements that you
can't honor and you don't act like a
stupid bitch afterwards like get in
control of your emotions and realized
that of course your husband is going to
lust after other women and it's going to
be temptation but that you need to trust
him and that if you don't trust him or
he doesn't want to do this you guys
either need to break up or make a new
contract where you can sleep with
whoever you want and he could sleep with
whoever he wants and it's not more of
like a controlling situation but anyway
that was that's pretty much all of my
stories of women with jealousy oh did I
tell okay so I'm in a video entitled if
you want to google it or find it on
whatever I made a video once called
bitchy mom hates boobs I think it was
bitchy mom hates boobs it's got a lot of
views um it was about this woman I was
hanging out with my friends at Red Robin
after a magic tournament and um there
was this woman with her kids who was
like staring at me and hating on me when
she called over the the waitress and I
was just wearing like like this it was
just like this like something you can
wear in public and there's no problem
called over a waitress and the waitress
came over and said can you please cover
your cleavage because this woman is
uncomfortable and she was like really
apologetic like oh my god I'm so sorry
and I actually got a $20 Red Robin gift
card in a red Robin shirt out of it
because she was like here if you want to
put on the shirt you can but I just have
to come over and let you know that I
notified you because that's you know
I don't want to make this customer mad
at us and never come back but I feel
really sorry I don't know what her
problem is she's crazy you look great by
the way and that's how she acted another
that was so hilarious but um
on a serious note okay this is gonna be
a really long video nobody's gonna watch
it but it's okay
on a serious note I was watching today
videos about SS Sniper Wolf and how
she's a fake gamer and I don't have an
opinion on the subject because I feel
like a lot of data can be interpreted a
lot of different ways and if someone
wants to bring you down if someone
doesn't like you they definitely can
make convincing arguments against you
and maybe she made a couple of mistakes
where she you know had her husband to
play a game or two or her husband did
some amazing shit and she was like you
know what we should upload this and I
will put commentary over it and I'll
make for great content and that doesn't
necessarily mean that she's a huge
stupid slut that should kill herself
like everyone acts and it seems like
everyone just jumps on a bandwagon and
tries to ruin someone's career over
something so frivolous and it's it's
kind of scary you know like what if one
day someone comes up with something
convincing and ruins everything I've
worked for everything I'm passionate
about you know it's I empathize with her
because it would be very painful to me
and people are talking about how she's
deleting comments or you know
copywriting videos and it's like I
understand that you're slandering her
and you don't have the full story you
can't because you're not close enough to
her why do you have so much animosity
towards a person you don't even know you
act like you are the the proprietor of
all of the gaming community and you know
what's best for them so lets you know
eradicate some person who is trying to
make a living off of something they most
certainly love because otherwise she
could have been a stripper she could
have been anything you know she's
beautiful why the fuck not and it's it's
very sad to me to see that like people
say of course she blah blah blah and you
know x and y because otherwise bla bla
bla and those statements are so stupid
to me because that's your perspective on
things that's how you would handle
things that's not necessarily the whole
story and that's not necessarily how
someone else would handle it and it it's
really ridiculous that someone was so
jealous of the fact that she's a
beautiful girl who's making money off of
gaming that they decided to make along
with videos that take a lot of work just
to discredit her and it's like it's not
your job to do that if she if she's
obviously not creating content that's
worth viewing people will stop viewing
it but people find it interesting
I've watched one video of hers and it
was one talking about how she was either
she was going to get something I came
stopped and she was working again stuff
I don't know if the fuck but the way she
talked it seemed like she is a true
gamer that has been playing games for a
long time and I've always thought it was
stupid that the first-person-shooter
girls just voice over gameplay and then
act like a hundred percent there's no
way that she's not playing it you know
like I thought that seemed fake that
they never have any live gameplay and
all of my gameplay is live and I stream
and everything but at the same time you
know whatever maybe that's the way the
FPS community works I know there are a
lot of men who make content where they
don't show their faces they don't show
live gameplay and they just talk over it
and nobody is like trying to discredit
them nobody's trying to ruin their
livelihood or make it so that they don't
make any more money and it's just if you
don't like something don't support it
that's that's how life works
don't let your jealousy take over you in
an emotional way that makes you spend a
lot of time doing something against
someone else when really you should be
focusing on making yourself better or
following your dreams like if you made
your own YouTube channel and started
that up and put that much work into
editing your own gameplay you'll
probably actually get somewhere and make
at least a few dollars on it because you
know this makes so much more sense than
just not only does it seem like you're
trying to piggyback off of the you know
by using her pictures in her name a lot
of people have done this to me to try to
say I'm a fake gamer girl alright I'm
too slutty to be a gamer or something
like there's some kind of perfect
division of a gamer and if you stray
from that you can't like games or some
stupid shit doesn't make any sense
trying to you know pigeonhole me into
some dumb fucking shit I don't know but
like you're using my pictures my body my
stuff and whoring me out to get views
that's pretty much all you're doing so
you're doing the same thing I'm doing
except for you're not me and that makes
it like 10 times the words like what the
fuck so I'm guy taking my modeling
pictures and making people click on it
because they see a hot blonde or
whatever they're like click that's cool
that's interesting and then talking
about me it's like how are you not an
attention whore make your own fucking
content like make money and you know get
fans off of you being funny not just
using other people's shit and talking
about them and you know trying to
discredit them it seems very attention
whorish
and like the actual version of attention
whore not like I like my looks and I
look the way I do so I'm talking into a
camera not that like actually using
other people's fame to get more famous
yourself it's kind of it's I feel sad
for them but I also feel sad for people
like Sniper Wolf who have probably
gotten a view hit because of it you know
like because gullible people actually
believe the stuff that's going on or
it's just awful like what are you
accomplishing you're accomplishing
negative things in the world and you
shouldn't do that
so I've been talking way too long 25
minutes is a long time Jace started
another game of League before we start
streaming and I feel like he's probably
almost done so I'm gonna hurry this up
so I can do another vlog before I go but
thank you so much for watching that's my
my view on everything from monogamy to
Sniper Wolf and very little about
jealous girls but that's how my vlogs
are just babbling let me take a selfie
bye guys
