hey guys welcome to a new episode of sex
ed with Tara last week we talked about
how to give and receive mind-blowing
blowjobs
so it only makes sense of this week we
talked about returning the favor for
your lady down under personally I've had
far more experience going down on the
opposite sex but I've had enough time
going down on women also to know that
they are exceptionally different and a
lot more complex than men when you
compared to looking pussy it makes going
down on men look like he's just some
kind of bobbing machine it commands you
obey pop it twist it heaven if you can't
keep up yeah pretty much just do
whatever and he'll come eventually so
long story short we are very complicated
normally I would follow my trend of
saying that communication is my number
one tip and most important thing but
before that I want to talk about the
number one misconception that men have
about licking pussy you're not meant to
stick your tongue in out of a hole the
whole time it just anatomically doesn't
make sense
think about it what can your tongue do
that your longer fingers and penis
couldn't if you're trying to like tease
her tickle her a little bit there then
that makes sense but when men try to
tell me how long their tongue is to try
to make me wet it only makes me laugh
they don't know what they're doing if
they think that matters and with the
vast majority of women not being able to
climax through vaginal penetration alone
what do you think you're going to
achieve down there with just your tongue
in the hole the key to looking pussy is
the clit that's where you're going to
spend most of your time you need to make
your girl feel comfortable telling you
where to go the clitoris is very
mysterious and every girl is different
some girls only like really light
stimulation on the tip the clitoris
while others like it really hard to
really rub other girls like me like to
switch it up and I like it on the side
of the clit not directly on top
particularly the left side so the clip
is a lot like the head of a man's penis
it's very sensitive and it even becomes
erect when aroused it has a hood similar
to the foreskin of a penis and when
erect little tip comes out as visible
for reference the hooded foot is usually
what's pierced if you pierce the clit
you run the risk of actually ruining
your nerves in there don't do that
anyway it's very sensitive most of the
time directly rubbing the head of the
clitoris is kind of like if you've
already come a bunch of times in the day
and over stimulated your dick and now
you're trying to play with the head
that's why it's best to look around the
tip or be gentle with it - you can read
your girl's body language as well you
can usually tell she's enjoying it or if
she's like involuntarily jerking away
because it's
there is a note though even if you're
doing it right some girls can take
longer to come or find it harder to come
but once you find the right rhythm and
technique she will be very happy that
she has one of the few men in the world
that know what the fuck they're doing
with the pussy I mean it's no wonder
that most women aren't corn dogs like
men are when most men don't even know
how to please a woman you should take
the time to learn try all means of
licking lightly sucking and biting to
find what really turns her on this is
also a great means of foreplay as well
to get her in the mood and to make it
easier for her to come from penetration
my last tip is to add some fingers
either anally or vaginally and maybe
even some toys while you're licking most
women can climax easier if they're being
stimulated in both or all three regions
at the same time and if your mouth or
tongue get tired go ahead and try to use
your fingers on the clothes as well make
sure they're wet with your saliva and
play around with gentle circles or back
and forth motions again unfortunately I
can't be too specific because each
vagina likes different things yeah I
know sorry I can't be of much help and
remember girls aren't always secure and
open with their sexuality make them feel
comfortable telling you what's up and
make sure you seem enthusiastic to
please her if you see him annoyed bored
or not into it she's more inclined to
fake it and then kind of be
disinterested in sex altogether now
let's talk about me I don't really like
getting my pussy likes to be honest sure
it feels great and I'll come but it
emasculates the man a bit to me and I
just come so much easier and harder from
penetration and rough sex and in porn I
always skip over the pussy looking but
I'm always down to lick or be licked by
another girl all right let me know in
the comments if these tips have helped
you step up your game and what you want
me to talk about next time don't forget
to like the video subscribe the channel
make sure you check out more of my sexin
videos bye guys keep bucking and licking
