want to hear a dark joke okay what's
dark and stretchy J's beanie and his
asshole so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
hey guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail oh you might be
wondering why I'm sitting here amongst
thousands and thousands of plushies well
I decided to finally unbox all of my
plushies in the room that will soon be
my first channel gaming room if you guys
are unfamiliar with my first channel my
first channel is my gaming channel where
I upload gameplay game release news
stuff like that but I'm also gonna go
back to making lists things like my top
favorite indie games and stuff so you
want to subscribe to that channel it is
youtube.com slash tera Babcock games
also feel like in the description but if
you want to see me unbox all of these
plushies that'll be on this channel
during my birthday week as just some
extra fluff content that I'm sure you
guys will enjoy as you can see I have a
lot of plushies anyway we have a lot of
stuff today probably because it's
getting close to my birthday November 10
so let's just jump right into it the
winner of this week's giveaway is Adam
see congratulations
Adam see you're badass I hope you enjoy
your $25 gift card love you if you guys
want to sign up for this week's giveaway
link as always is in the description
down below me so now let's get into you
guys's questions
Isaac Steinbach says question are you an
x-men fan and have you seen Logan I am
an x-men fan not like a super die-hard
x-men fan but I really do like x-men but
I've not yet seen Logan I saw the
previews and it just looks really
depressing a lot of people are saying
it's really good but at the same time
the last time I watched a movie was the
it remake and the only reason I watched
that is because I was already downtown
after the Olympia and I was like fuck it
let's just watch a movie so yeah I guess
I'm sure I'll see it soon J loves the
x-men movies like a lot so I'm sure
we'll see at some point
centaur 66 says question what's the
difference between a bullfrog and a
regular frog no really I have no clue
okay I'm not even gonna Google this
regular frogs are usually smaller like
tree frogs frog in general is just an
amphibian that looks like a frog but a
bullfrog is like the gigantic like toted
like toady Frog I think not quite sure
why we call it a bullfrog and that's why
we're gonna go ahead and jump into
Google now the American bullfrog often
simply known as the bullfrog in Canada
the United States is an amphibious frog
a member of the family ran a day or true
frogs so bullfrogs are true frogs
regular frogs all these other little
shit frogs they're not legit you heard
it here first
Botcon show says heart and thumbs up and
question how do I send you and your
lovely hubby man a gift
hubby man I grow tired of telling people
that were not married nor are we dating
Jay and I are just basically friends
with benefits but also best friends so
it runs much deeper than that kind of
like an open relationship with no labels
but yeah if you want to send either of
us a gift and you can send things to Jay
- that's cool that's cute
I'll get his reaction and stuff in the
video if you guys ever do send him
anything but if you want to send me
something my peal box is listed down in
the description of every single video on
both of my youtube channels it's also
listed on my patreon patreon.com slash
Tara Babcock which is another way you
can support me and it's attached to my
Amazon wishlist the link to the wish
list is down in the description so if
you guys want to send him anything you
have a wide array of ways to do so thank
you by the way he also says and may I
please have some tips on how you do your
video as in lighting and camera please I
have two soft boxes there's one right
here and one right here and a ring light
and that's how I light all of my videos
usually occasionally I'll go with just
the ring light if I want something more
portable and if I'm shooting outside
with natural light I don't need any
lighting at all I just use the standard
auto settings on my camera if I'm using
natural light and it just kind of auto
corrects for it and then if I don't like
the lighting or I don't like the color
balance I can just fuck with that in
post and Sony Vegas as for camera
settings it's a little bit complicated
everyone likes different things I shoot
in manual and I use custom user-defined
settings I like to pump up the color to
max turn down the sharpness a little bit
and I like a little bit more yellow
tones than blue tones in my videos read
the manual for your camera play with it
and I'm sure you'll find something you
like if you guys want an in-depth like
camera setup or like stream setup thing
let me know in the comments cuz I can do
that alright that's it
ask me some good questions for next
week's F&M I love you guys and I love
answering your questions post anything
in the comment section and remember if
you started off with question like
dwight schroot you're more likely to be
picked alright let's open this shit I'm
so excited the first thing we have here
is I think I know what this is this is
my Eve phone case it's my eighth phone
case this is so cute you guys look at
this okay so
it's like a fuzzy cat phone case with a
little tail you guys see this it's so
fucking cute oh it's so fuzzy it's like
kind of poorly made it seems but it's
really fuzzy and really minimalist which
I like a lot and I think he was gonna
like mess with me I have a picture of
Eve on my background and then I have
this and it's like a little clip so cute
I don't know who got this oh I do know
who got this for me oh and I comes with
a stylus too
that's cool I'm pretty sure this is from
Barney he said something black and fuzzy
Thank You Barney I appreciate it next we
have something from the man himself
Shawn but luck attack oh okay so there's
a card is this for my birthday I try to
put all the stuff for my birthday that I
get early together oh this is for
Halloween perfect things that sound
dirty on Halloween but aren't so why'd
you get in the sack once you get under
the sheet start moaning and groaning
just hop on that stick and write it
those small suckers are gone in a few
licks I got the best piece from that
house stick your hand in and guess what
you're feeling they'll suck you dry if
they get your teeth in you that's a
vampire thing I bobbed but couldn't get
my mouth around it hope you have a happy
Halloween
from Shawn oh my god it's a Harley Quinn
shirt I'm pretty gothic today so I think
it like works out in my favor to wear a
black shirt but we also don't want to
cover up the cleave and then like that
Thank You Shawn you're a badass there we
go now I'm like super awful hipster
because I have my collar up how does
that look I think it looks good Thank
You Shawn I love these where do you find
these these like dirty cards so good I
love it okay we've got what happens to
be probably a doujin from a Jason Claire
aka mr. sketching ham you guys should
check him out I'll post some links in
the description yeah it's the dude with
me and he's so cute
look at this oh can I show it to you
there we go how fucking cute is that I
love it I've seen him working on this
and it's absolutely phenomenal thank you
so much John I appreciate it I always
called you Jay because I didn't know
your name was John until you submitted
for smash and pass we've got a card with
all of his links his YouTube his
Instagram his patreon and his Facebook
line art is $15 grayscale is 20 colors
30 and Lara
sizes five dollars extra he sent me a
note as well hey Tara I know it's been a
while but like you I moved I got sick
and had to basically reset that's how
I've been feeling lately anyway I did a
livestream do an update on live Ray's
chapter Green is coming along nicely no
image update until I'm satisfied with
the results I've taken a break from
YouTube to make my products mangas the
doujin etc so if enough of your subs
would like I can make slash design use
some sticker merch until next time J
thank you baby would you guys like to
see some sticker merch similar to the
quality of the dunes that you've seen
from him before like this video and
follow him if you want to I'm excited
making it a point not to lose this cuz
in the unboxing plushies video I lost
this thing like fucking ten times I
swear oh this is gonna be from Donald
you know it Oh Lucas Taylor different
person hi Taryn I could use this since
you had food poisoning you aren't
fooling anyone we all know you're
pregnant you can do this now or you can
do it in nine months very sexually yours
Lucas Taylor my way emergency
contraceptives this is actually helpful
thank you it's the the morning-after
pill or whatever how do you guys feel
about using the morning-after pill if
you're anti-abortion do you feel like
this is kind of like an abortion let me
know your thoughts in the comments
always fun to talk about such sensitive
topics with my viewers anyway this is
from Boheme Scott all the way from like
Russia or Slovenia or Slovakia or
something I don't know I can't tell but
it's so pretty
oh okay first there's a little pumpkin
that's really cute this is actually a
birthday present from rubber tongue not
this this is like a little extra but
it's a tiny little pumpkin perfect for
the occasion
look what I've got look who it is oh my
god it's a mimic look at his butt he's
got such a good butt I wish I knew where
Vlad was so I actually lost Vlad within
all these plushies and I have no idea
where he is or how to find him but this
is so amazing it even has a little chain
oh you guys it kind of smells weird but
good weird oh my god this is so
high-quality I fucking love it it's
perfect
good fucking boy rubber tongue this is
heavy as fuck so I'm assuming it's
control
shit yeah it's gift-wrapped man I heard
you were dealing with food poisoning so
I got you this to help clean you out
feed some of this to Eva she'd probably
leave a nice mess for you on the floor
love Pablo not Donald okay so now
there's a third pseudonym Pablo Pablo is
gonna get deported because of Donte's
Taco Bell refried beans at least I have
something to donate to the food drive
now that makes me look like I care
Thank You Pablo slash Donald flush Lucas
Taylor I appreciate is this what I get
for my birthday from my husband not cool
not cool okay what's in here hi Tara I
thought you would enjoy this since
you're a huge advocate for the movement
very sexually yours Lucas Taylor
I wonder which movements probably the
feminist movement nasty woman
feminism resistance and Revolution in
Trump's America I've since about a new
car a 2016 model that you don't see too
often on the road the officers no longer
asked me where I'm going and if I'm a
United States citizen instead they smile
and ask if I get good mileage I don't
smile back fuck the cops that one cop
that was racist against me well I'm
gonna project that dissatisfaction with
the police on to every other cop I ever
meets let me ask you something dumb
feminist bitch I've met a shit feminist
a sex-negative feminist
who was a bitch pushing her agenda on to
me every time I see another feminist
should I just apply that hatred onto
them as well I mean why not one feminist
is an ass they all must be probably not
far from the truth all right we've got
one more thing it's another fucking book
probably come on can you space out your
trolls stop fucking spamming me with
this garbage yeah I thought you could
use this to get some ideas for our
wedding night it's the wife's job to
honor and obey the husband you won't be
a good girl after I get done with you
wasn't a good girl to begin with Oh
hashtag me to this Donald guy sexually
harassing me with random books I'll
never read oh hey I was just talking
about jenna jameson today this is
actually cool how to make love like a
porn star a cautionary tale okay so I
liked Jenna do
back in the day if you haven't seen
she's like a really like heavily obese
Orthodox Jew now fucking weird google it
but something I've heard about this book
that I don't like is that she basically
just bashes being a porn star and all of
her life choices were mistakes well
guess what bitch maybe you should think
your shitty life choices through before
you just get fake boobs you don't want
because of your job that you didn't want
to have I wonder what could be so
cautionary she was like ugly thin hot
now ugly again speaking of books like
this I loved Holly Madison's book down
the rabbit hole listen to it on audible
not sponsored so if you guys want
something entertaining read that and
probably not this lets read an excerpt I
realized a lot of what Howard does is an
act also no comma before also on the air
he he pretended to be horrified when he
saw the dragon tattoo on my neck that's
the ugliest tattoo I ever saw he scolded
it is ugly you are really a psycho but
during the break he asked me if he could
see it again that's really cool he said
instantly I knew we were alike we both
had fronts we presented to the world
years later he even got a tattoo himself
riveting shits I will definitely use
this to not be good in bed for you
Donald
alright guys like the video and
subscribe to the channel I have to go
and edit this I've been like six or
seven hours today without fucking
internet and I was just about to give up
but then I decided to rush in here as I
saw that we did finally have internet
again I love you guys so much thank you
Sean
thank you Barney and good boy rubber
tongues for the mimic because this is
fucking so badass
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
have a happy fucking safe Halloween if
you guys didn't know the new fanservice
Friday is Halloween themed it's called
bloodbath really fucking cool and it's
on patreon so if you'd like to support
me elsewhere other than watching the
videos which I wholeheartedly
appreciates patreon.com slash Tara
Babcock isn't that right little mimic
bye guys
bye guys oh thanks for watching this
phone case is so cute the tail
