hey guys I'm said to change my location
for the second vlog I'm gonna do for the
day I'm gonna tell you something very
personal and I've only told like one or
two people in my entire life this
situation that happened to me
basically because not because like I
feel that it's very personal and I'm a
very you know quiet person you know what
I mean they're people who think that
like oh that's personal don't ask me
that there's nothing in my life where
someone can make me feel the need to be
like oh that's personal I can't tell you
that or it's none of your fucking
business it's important for me to have
my own like personal life I've never
felt like that I'm a very open person
and that was probably what makes my vlog
so interesting because I'm so honest and
open and I don't have anything where I'm
like oh that's tattoo taboo to talk
about oh my god I'm not gonna do it no
sorry but because people react in a way
that makes me uncomfortable when I tell
them about it like they're like oh my
god you poor thing or why didn't you
report this or oh you're so lucky to be
alive like that kind of thing like a
pity I'd only like that it's weird I
don't really feel like it's a situation
where I need to be pitied or felt sorry
for or taken care of or like oh my god
are you okay type thing and that's kind
of how people react and I don't really
know how I would react if someone told
me this stuff I would probably fake that
kind of emotion because it seems like
the appropriate way to act but I'm
telling you guys because I feel like you
guys are my second family
you guys are like an extended family to
me and I love you guys and I feel like I
want to tell you guys everything and
feel like not only will it make some
interesting content of course but it'll
also maybe help some people who find
themselves in the same situation when
they're younger I know I have a lot of
younger viewers and maybe I can open
some eyes of some young men and women I
know I have a couple of female viewers
who are you know a bit having a hard
time finding themselves and you know
watch my videos to get confidence like
that kind of thing I get messages about
that and that's really sweet but it also
inspires me to make content like this so
I'm gonna go ahead and talk about it
when I was younger this is the closest
I've ever gotten to ever being raped or
molested in my entire life I've never
really had a problem with that I've
always when I go to modeling shoots that
anytime I went to modeling shoots even
if they weren't like taught like it's
not like hustler lingerie or something I
always have the photographer send me
like previous work previous contacts and
I'm very careful so I've never had a
problem in modeling like this
but a lot of girls there girls who have
been raped and murdered modeling off of
Craigslist and doing like very scary
things to try to like jump start their
career but when I was talking about was
about 14 I think it was I told you guys
a little bit about this guy who was like
my worst boyfriend by far his name was
Jared he's he's the one that stole cars
I talked about it a little bit in the
illegal things that I've done video a
couple days ago but I don't talk about
him very much because he is kind of just
like a part of my past that sucks and
there's nothing really interesting about
him and it's annoying when he even tries
to talk to me on Facebook now like you
know let's pick up where we left off oh
you're so beautiful and then he says
stuff like you should be careful doing
your modeling thing like when I'm an
established model already and I'm doing
this for a living and I'm making money
off of it he's like oh you should be
careful they're creeps out there like
stop acting like you give a shit about
me you never gave a shit about me that
kind of thing so I don't respond to him
and I have friends who were still
friends with him and his brother and
stuff but I just kind of washed my hands
of the whole situation I was in with
people who didn't respect me and it made
me be more self assured that I got out
of that situation and realized what was
happening but anyway so when I was
younger I used to sneak out of the house
at night occasionally and go hang out
with my boyfriend or my friends and what
I would do is I would take the the
screen off the window and then I would
have to jump over a bush onto the floor
and it was a one-story house so it
wasn't that hard to do but it was kind
of hard to jump out of a window and not
hit your head and you know land
somewhere decent but anyway so my
boyfriend Jared he called and he was
like I'm gonna pick you up let's you
know go hang out at my stepdads house
and he has a stepdad who's like the
stereotypical Arabic rich dude who's
kind of new to the US and I don't know
how the fuck he got wealthy but he is
wealthy he has a lot of cars that kind
of thing so um he picks us up and he
picked us up in one of the cars and we
go over to his condo and he gives us
this room where we can go and like make
out and stuff and gave us some alcohol
and I'm thinking like okay this is a
little bit weird than an adult is acting
this way but I just thought maybe he's
trying to get in favor like he's trying
to get the favor of his stepson because
you know Jared's mom and him are not
together anymore and maybe he wants to
keep him in his life and there's like a
jared stepbrother that he has from that
family or whatever and I'm like whatever
you know different culture maybe he
thinks it's fine for 14-year olds to
drink or whatever so in that room Jared
and I are making out and we're watching
girls gone wild which is like so stupid
like that shit is so fucking dumb and
hilarious but it's also kind of hot at
the same time especially when you're 14
you haven't watched a plethora of porn
yet so we were doing that and then he
comes into the room and he's like do you
want to give your girlfriend a massage
now back then when I had no boobs
wearing a bikini as my bra was the thing
that I used to do so I was like yeah
sure let's go and he had like a table
where you you know the masseuse table
and so I got up on him and then he gave
Jared some like oils and Jared was
rubbing me down I'm like okay dude why
are you not leaving this is fucking
weird
and then um he tells Jared to go shower
or something and and then he like starts
rubbing me I'm like what are you doing
like stop touching me and then heat like
get savant he's like oh no no you'll
like it he gets up on the table and he
starts like rubbing my back more and I'm
like okay you're disgusting old dude
like stop touching me that's what I'm
thinking and I'm like let's see what the
fuck is going on here
Jared's in the shower like 15 feet away
and he actually like starts to try dry
humping me and I'm like okay get the
fuck off me I do not want this I'm very
certain that I do not want this and I
like push him off me and I go into the
bathroom I'm like Jared your fucking
stepdad is a creep he's doing this and
that to me and Jared's like oh really
I'm sorry and I'm like yeah I'm staying
in here until you're done showering and
you're taking me the fuck home and I was
really pissed off because of Jared's
reaction like I thought you're like oh
my fucking god this asshole I'm never
speaking to him again what the fuck how
could he ever do this is so
disrespectful to me and you and what the
fuck kind of creep you're 14 years old
but no he was just like kind of like he
already knew about it and I on the drive
home I couldn't pinpoint whether or not
he actually did know about it and he was
just trying to play it off or whether he
was really pissed about it he was trying
to play it off and when he gets back he
was gonna yell at him but it was kind of
just like a really silent ride home
because I was pretty drunk at the time
and I was also thinking about like what
the fuck is wrong with him so I go home
I sleep it off I wake up and I'm like
thoroughly pissed off at him that he
allowed that to happen and you know he
continues to talk to the guy
he's so friends with a guy he wasn't see
didn't seem mad at him you still living
with him and it was like okay that's in
fucked up shit that's just one of the
millions of fucked up things that he did
throughout our like two year on again
off again relationship and it wasn't
even like an on-again off-again
relationship it was like the off-again
was any time he went to juvie or jail
but anyway I feel like if I had been
less of a you know secure person and
knowing what my worth is and what I do
and don't want that I could have been
raped I could have been anything like
that and I'm really glad that I was
allowed that I was you know I felt like
it was about confidence like might my
initial thoughts back then was kind of
like I don't know should I just fucking
go with it I mean this is seems like
it's what's Jared wants and that is like
such stupid like a lot like a such a
stupid line of thinking I can see myself
being a little less secure than I was
back then because I'm so much more
secure now and that like wouldn't even
have gotten to that step but I can see
myself being like other girls who are
having self-esteem issues or who are
having issues being assertive or who
feel like they need a boyfriend in their
lives in order to be whole and actually
having that escalate to something that
could have been really bad so I'm really
glad that I am the way that I am that my
parents taught me to say no to things
that I don't want and that they have
always been very they just kind of made
me assertive and loud and opinionated
and I know what I want and I know what's
not allowed in my head and I know what I
don't like and like that type of shit
just helps me survive in so many
situations and I hope that I can kind of
pass that information along because if
something feels creepy you shouldn't be
sticking around like fuck it if you end
up you know losing a couple friends who
gives a shit you're doing what you want
and you're you know being you're being
true to yourself basically because if
you're like going along with things just
to keep friends or you're going along
with things just because you feel like
it would you know cause commotion if you
don't it's just like it's not a good way
to live it's not a good way to treat
yourself it's kind of like dishonouring
yourself in a way so yeah um so closest
I've ever had the closest interaction of
ever had that was anything close to
scary
sexually
molest slash murder type thing but um
most of the time I've known to be very
you know like okay when I'm talking to a
photographer this is kind of how it goes
so like I'm talking to a photographer
who wants to hire me for something and
he refuses to give me any kind of
information that I need like let's say
he's like oh I just started my portfolio
I don't have any contacts or something
like that I'm like okay I'm sorry I
can't work with you and it's not like oh
well I don't know I really need the
money let's see I don't know oh my god
maybe I should do it maybe I should just
wing it it'll be okay I just won't bring
anyone if someone says I can't bring my
assistant they're like oh no we don't
allow assistants I'm like do you know
who the fuck I am do you thing out my
assistant is gonna cause some kind of
fucking ruckus I'm a professional and if
they have a problem with it they don't
get to work with me and that's just how
it is because I'm not going to put
myself in a situation where I'm gonna
feel uncomfortable or I'm gonna feel
trapped or where something's gonna
happen to me because you know it's more
important than a payday it's more
important than a prospective payday that
you don't even know you might get raped
and murdered and never get the money
like what the fuck what are you gonna do
with this money for modeling if you die
right so it's that kind of line of
thinking but anyway I will see you guys
tomorrow with a sex ed video and this is
the second vlog of the day so this vlog
is coming out a day after I made it and
yesterday's vlog was actually a vlog
that I made ten minutes ago but that you
know it's always so weird when that
happens and I'm wearing the same shirt
and be like oh she's doing my the one
flock of the day like that happened to
me once and I was wearing the same shirt
with a sweater over and they're like oh
wow she's doing two vlogs I'm dating
just putting a fucking sweater over the
shirt to act like it's a different day
and I'm like no dude I just wore that
shirt two days in a row shut up don't
make fun of me and I put a sweater over
it so I'm like oh this is awkward I'm
wearing this shirt two days in a row
that's what actually happened unless I
tell you otherwise all of the blog what
the fuck my arm does getting like really
tired I'm used to laying down because
then I can just kind of hold it there
and it's not that bad but when I'm
holding it straight out my fucking delts
and my everything to start getting
really fucking tired so yeah thanks for
watching guys hope this was interesting
