hey guys oh my god I feel like one day
away from vlogging and uploading to my
gaming channel and streaming and the
whole world falls apart I don't know why
I feel like that I'm sure nobody misses
anything no one's like hey Tara didn't
upload today but taking a day off kind
of stresses me so I'm glad I'm getting
back on the grind and making vlogs I'm
probably going to make two logs today
because the day that I record a sex head
video I don't usually have time to also
edit it and have it uploaded so that
will cover tomorrow when I'm doing my
sex said video and licking pussy and
then I'll be able to be on track and I
won't miss a day i also have a lot of
gaming videos i have to edit that i'm
kind of behind on so i'm going to work
on that as well but anyway so today i
want to talk about something that a
viewer wanted me to talk about actually
um it's about staring in public so
staring at a woman that you find
attractive and if that's morally wrong
or if we should do something to stop
that or if the women should just you
know shut up and deal with it because
it's our right to look within the
direction that we want to and I think
that latter stance is pretty much where
I stand um it's it's quite hypocritical
to me that women will look at other men
and be like oh look at that attractive
man in a suit and he's got an ascot oh
my God he's so hot right and that's like
flirty and you know friendly and men
definitely are like please look at me I
want women to think I'm attractive but
then on the flip side if a woman is
wearing like a low cut shirt and she's
got her boobs out and she's wearing like
a tight dress and she's wearing heels
and she's clearly you know trying to
look attractive and people look at her
will their pigs and their a misogynistic
that's so fucking stupid to me like
especially for the women who are asking
for it by wearing a certain outfit it is
alright as bisexual or a heterosexual
men I'm a bisexual woman by the way not
a bisexual man um to like you know check
people out and looking without touching
is one hundred percent are right you
can't you know tell us where our eyes
can stray and cannot stray by law that's
actually ridiculous and acting like you
shouldn't be able to look at um you know
beautiful people is actually stupid i
mean people as a hobby will sit around
and people watch and just watch random
regular people and not for sexual
reasons not because they're attracted to
them
just because it's interesting to watch
people and when you're out in public if
you go out in public you pretty much
sign a waiver that says anyone can look
at you if they desire to and yeah sure
if someone comes up to you and starts
bothering you or talking to you or tries
to touch you you know that kind of goes
past the line especially if it's you
know in a creepy manner like someone can
come up to be like you're very beautiful
do you want to go out to eat that
happens to me anytime I'm alone which is
very rare but pretty much every time I'm
alone some ol asking that even if I'm
like wearing sweats and no makeup and I
have like glasses on and stuff it's so
funny that like they're still doing that
but anyway um like that's perfectly fine
people will do that you could just say
no thanks and if they do anything other
than being like okay nice to meet you
and walk away then that crosses the line
because it becomes part of your personal
space if they try to touch you that
could be considered molestation rape or
whatever the fuck stupid shit um it's
just there's nothing wrong with someone
glancing and someone beautiful you
should take it as a compliment you
should you know not go out in public if
you have a problem with people looking
at you that sounds like an agoraphobic
or something I don't understand why that
would be a problem everyone is going to
look at someone who's attractive that's
just like how our biology works we find
someone attractive we're gonna look at
them we're gonna want to check them out
real quick it's not necessarily creepy
it's usually very like innocent
basically just like oh yeah there's a
pretty woman let's look look at her oh
she's so pretty look at her nice boobs
look at her pretty face look at that
dress she's wearing it's so nice like
women will check out other women men
will check out other men for whatever
reason if the guys like really buff like
so much so that like it draws attention
other men will look at him and be like
what the fuck people are allowed freedom
of speech to say oh that's stupid bitch
like I get that a lot people would be
like this stupid badge look and then the
husband will looking like yeah what a
stupid bitch but really you know he's
probably just checking me out and that's
like a an epidemic around here where men
can be honest to their women because
women are so on this feminist fucking
high horse it's like really awful i
fucking hate feminism the way that you
know the stereotype of a feminist I'm
sure there are many feminists other
they're doing fine they're just misled
into thinking that they should be called
anything other than an egalitarian
because in itself it
like sexism to care only about the the
feminine problems in the world you know
it's like so stupid it's like hypocrisy
at its finest when you call yourself a
feminist because you want equality but
really you're only caring about female
problems and that to me is just like
what the fuck no you should be an
egalitarian you should care about both
problems you should be like okay right
now maybe in society there are more
problems with women but if a problem
with a man arises or a problem with
anything else arises I will be there to
be like yes we should not hate on black
people or men or women or anyone and
that's like inegalitarian ism and
gallant aryan is the gala tarian why
it's fucking I talk like I every every
fucking blog we should have like a
drinking fucking thing where if there is
a vlog well that doesn't work because i
don't i don't like stutter a lots but
every vlog i do stutter once so there
should be like a game where if there's a
vlog that I don't stutter I get like 20
points or something I don't know um but
anyway um worrying about only one gender
or one specific group and then acting
like you're wanting quality is very
hypocritical to me and I'm not saying
that the issues that feminists are
worried about our 100% bullshit because
a lot of them are bullshit like oh my
god there's sexual pictures on the front
of a magazine you know uh like Oh some
guy cat called it makes he thought I was
beautiful you should go to jail like all
that stuff is really stupid but you know
there are actually issues out there I'm
sure that need attention just not as
much as they're giving it by saying that
there needs to be a whole line of a task
force working against people being mean
to women when no one's really mean to
women and in my opinion women have it
much easier in society than men do
because they are being so protected and
because we have the power of sexuality
while women aren't that sexual so
they're not like like oh there's a sexy
guy who walketh walked up to me I'll do
anything for him I'll give him all my
money like there are no women like that
because women or not as driven by you
know the sexual hunt as men are anyway
so I just think that if you want to look
at someone attracted where you want to
look at someone weirder you want to look
at someone in general and you're out in
public go ahead and do it women if
you're fucking dressing like a slots and
then you're wondering why people are
just like like innocently checking you
out or any innocently you know looking
at you because you're drawing
attention like how can you fault them
that's just like our eyes go to the most
colorful or most different or most
unique or most beautiful thing that's
just what happens you know we're looking
at you just like we look at anything
that's weird just like if someone starts
yelling at someone else we're going to
watch that if a girl fight happens we're
gonna watch that if you know someone's
running away from cops because they
stole something and they're gonna watch
that if some guy is attractive we're
gonna look at that and some people will
hate you and some people enjoy you and
that's just how it works you can't stop
that it's our freedom to put our eyes in
the direction that we want to so I don't
see why anyone would be bothered by that
I can understand someone who is doesn't
like going out in public and it's very
insecure about themselves feeling you
know insecure and unhappy that people
are giving them attention I know there
are a lot of people that don't like
obvious attention because it can make
them feel uncomfortable but you can't go
around policing where people's eyes go
and you can't you know live off of that
kind of fear you have to overcome that
any which way like hopefully get some
kind of help for that I don't know like
there's a lot of conditions where people
don't like to go out in public and I
mentioned one before but um I know a lot
of people don't like crowds and
basically if you think something is
going to make you uncomfortable don't
subject yourself to it and don't push it
because you can't control the rest of
the thousands of people out in public
and whether or not they're gonna look at
you that's just like something you can't
control so yeah hopefully that makes
sense then I don't really have a strong
opinion on this I think it's just kind
of an obvious thing but it was a viewer
suggested topic and I like doing veer
suggested topics because I love you guys
and I want to you know say things that
you guys find interesting like I want to
talk about topics that you guys want to
hear about in my opinions on certain
things so yeah I mean I've never had a
problem with anyone staring me in public
it happens literally every time I go out
I think it happens to most people I
think if you're even mildly attractive
people are going to look at you or if
you're mildly different from the pack in
any fucking way people are going to look
at you and it's not a bad thing it's not
necessarily a good thing that should
make you have a big head it just
literally means that you're out in
public and people look around and people
judge people based on appearance that's
just how things work it's part of our
biology I don't know just that's just
what we do as a society is what we do is
people
that's what we do as sexual beings who
are looking for a mate it's just how
things work and you can kind of just
logic your way into understanding that
like oh I like to look at people to I
like to judge people too and just have
an open mind like if someone you know if
you think of something initially about
someone and then they changed your mind
like don't make that hard don't make it
hard for people to change your mind
don't make it impossible for you to have
an open mind because then you end up
being kind of a you know one-dimensional
less intelligent ignorant person and
that kind of sucks you know a lot of
people are like oh that person looks a
certain way so they cannot possibly be
any other way like stereotyping so
strongly that you think there's no
possible way that someone could change
your mind is very toxic and you should
definitely try to go at most things with
an open mind and not have any kind of
prejudices that you hold once someone
has you know given you a good reason to
give them the benefit of the doubt but
basically that's it just be positive
have fun look at people if you want to
be sexy if you want to have fun if you
want to and just you know if someone
asks you to leave them alone leave them
alone thanks for watching guys Oh gonna
take a pic job
that looks retarded I'm totally using
that as a thumbnail bye guys
