hey guys I am sweating my fucking ass
off I think you can actually tell that
like this whole area here is just like
sweating so I'm gonna have to go dab off
before i go to F&M but um I want to talk
a little bit about the few comments that
I saw where people were saying that I'm
selling out or something uh or that I've
changed it all which is kind of weird I
know okay so to preface this I'm going
to say that I understand where people
are coming from what they say just
ignore the haters don't respond to them
it makes them go away or you know if it
doesn't bother you you're not going to
talk about it you're just gonna ignore
it and that's all well and fine for
someone who's in high school and who's
insecure and who is getting a lot of
bullying it's a great motto it's a great
philosophy to live by if you are just a
person who's trying to get by and not
really let people bother you but that
stuff doesn't bother me anyway um what I
want to do with my public forum is to
kind of give people a perspective like a
different perspective because a lot of
people in my position or a lot of people
who are models or who are sexy or
comfortable with their bodies whether or
not they're comfortable with their
bodies if they show their bodies off
they don't usually get to have a place
where they talk about why they do it or
why it's okay so it's just like a
widespread stigma that anyone who shows
up their body is like shallow or a
terrible person or just in it for the
money etc selling out yada yada um so
you know maybe I'll shed some light on
some stuff some people might change
their minds if not at least one person
will kind of get where I'm coming from
and understand that wow maybe I wasn't
thinking about this the full spectrum of
why people do things and maybe this
person isn't the stereotype and I know
it's really easy to stereotype people so
I don't blame people who come into my
channel and think like oh another stupid
whore but um I kind of want to give
people at different perspectives so
maybe they can think twice before they
just start to come in and be toxic to
people because you know it creates an
ugly and unattractive atmosphere for
other girls and a lot of people say that
I'm the one that makes other girls not
want to get into the entertainment
business or not want to get into gaming
but really it's people who are putting
people down without even knowing them
and there's no possible way for anyone
to know me based on just entering my
video and then making some assumptions
and a lot of the assumptions that they
make it's very clear that they haven't
watched more than 10 minutes of any of
my videos ever but um okay so let's
start off
selling out I've always talked about sex
I've always been sexy I've always had a
lot of fucking cleavage that's just
always been something that I do that I
love because I'm comfortable my body I
love my body I work hard on my body so
why would I not show it off I'm a model
I've always just like this it's not
anything new so I don't know why
everyone is acting like that's something
that's new second of all um selling out
is more like someone has a passion they
start up a business or let's say let's
use a rock band as an analogy right so
someone has a rock band and they really
love have a heavy metal growling that is
not everyone's cup of tea and that but
that's their passion right and then in
order to get more money they decide to
go mainstream and start doing singing
and start doing papi sounding like you
know albums and stuff in order to get
more money in order to get more fans and
instead of following their passion
they've changed their direction in a way
that would be more profitable to them
and that is the only reason they're
doing it that sure would be called
selling out now you don't really know
all of the reasons behind why someone
would change their style or change their
sound like for instance Slipknot changed
their sound a lot because Corey Taylor
like blew his voice out or something
that had to get surgery so that might be
one of the reasons or maybe they're just
tastes changed and they like the new
taste you have to see things from all
different angles instead of like
criticizing someone in a way that's
malicious like you can say i don't
really like Slipknot's new sound but to
say like those fucking pieces of shit
sold out they don't love metals are no
real metal artists like that's just it's
toxic and it makes no sense like if it
if it bothers you don't pay attention to
them because by talking about them
you're giving them more popularity
you're not actually deterring them from
doing anything you're just you know
feeding the fire so to speak so every
single person that comes into my video
and is it on approving of it I actually
have a few people that are like
subscribe to my channel and they
literally post on every single video
about how much of a whore i am if you
want me to go away stop supporting me
you're actually supporting me by
watching my videos so thank you very
much but it just makes so much more
sense to go on with your life and be
more positive because you have this
negativity inside you and you're like
pushing it out on others you're
obviously not a very happy person
because most people who don't like me
will just not spend the time to watch me
over and over again every single day you
know what I'm saying so you gotta look
at things from different angles
me I am doing what I'm passionate about
I fucking love my body I love sex so
fucking much it's my favorite pastime if
not my second favorite pastime because
gaming gaming and sex are like on the
same level if i could be having sex with
someone while playing games and do that
well without like freaking out have you
ever seen those things where like girls
are riding sybian xand they're trying to
read a book or something yeah that's
kind of how the sex and video games
would be for me but if I could actually
fit that in that would be like the best
experience of my entire life that was
something that I could do daily i would
be doing it I love both I'm completely
open with my sexuality I understand that
as a biological human being I'm a sexual
person because you know we need to
reproduce you know it's fun to have sex
we have now you know transcended above
the animals and even though dolphins
like to have sex for fun we also like to
have sex for fun it's not just about
procreation anymore it's about being
comfortable and healthy and all that
stuff it's a great thing and to come in
and shame someone about that is just a
little bit ridiculous to me it like
makes no sense um what was my other
point I have so many points and they go
through my head and they're so perfectly
formulated and then they come out of my
mouth and it like sidetracks me and I
get confused and I like what the fuck's
going on but I do my best for you guys
so um it's funny someone showed me a
screenshot of my top my top viewed
videos right and it was all stuff about
sex like my fetishes my sex experience
best sex feel free to fap and stuff like
that he's like seeing you whore all you
post about a sex and it's like do you
not realize that that is the most
popular list and what gets popular is
not up to me it's up to you guys the
viewers so if you guys are the ones that
are eating up all of the sex topics it's
not me pushing sex on you it's me giving
you guys what you want cuz clearly
everyone is clicking on the ones about
sex I post about gaming I post about
philosophy of us about fucking
everything maybe 50 to 75 percent of my
thanks a lot 75 percent i would say
about fifty percent of my videos are
about sex sure but i love sex why the
fuck not you guys enjoy it you guys
enjoy the content I enjoy making the
content I don't see any problem here I'm
providing a service you are enjoying the
service so why hate on me for doing that
that makes no sense every single content
producer wants their videos to be viewed
now where I have a problem with this is
when people start doing like over the
top titles
and thumbnails that are not related to
the video at all for instance okay
tobyturner is a friend of mine Tobuscus
you guys probably know him he's pretty
big on YouTube but his vlog channel is
literally like hot girls in a hot tub
and then like pictures of like naked
naked but like bikini clad models in a
hot tub and then you watch the video and
it's three minutes of him talking about
his new you know segment somewhere else
and like a second of him turning toward
a fucking hot tub with no hot girls in
it whatsoever and he's talking about how
he had a girl over earlier it's like
literally the most misleading shit in
the world or like Trisha Paytas she will
post a video um and she will say
celebrities I've slept with and she'll
talk about the celebrity she slept with
but that will be one minute out of like
a 40 minute video now with me if I say
spit or swallow my whole video except
for the first two minutes probably and
maybe the last 50 seconds are going to
be about it's gonna be about spitting
and swallowing like that's what it's
going to be about i 100% give you
gratuitous titles with gratuitous
content at the exact same level and I'm
not misleading anyone whatsoever I love
the topics that I'm talking about I'm
not doing anything for more money like
people always say you dress up like that
for money you use your body for money I
use my body for money i'm using my my
intelligence my humor my sexuality my
body everything that I have I'm giving
to you guys in the form of content
because I feel comfortable doing so and
I enjoy doing it and I'm hoping that I
can make a career out of it yes because
every content producer in the fucking
world wants to make a career out of what
doing what they love and you can tell
the difference between someone who makes
misleading content who doesn't really
like doing it who's uncomfortable with
it and someone who's just you know
trying to enlighten the world trying to
share things I already know my opinions
on everything the reason I'm saying
these things in a video is to show you
guys them and to share it with you guys
and to hope that maybe I entertain and
educate someone out there and you know
that it'll be useful to someone or that
it will brighten someones day or that
someone will have an epiphany because of
it or anything it doesn't even have to
be so calculated and such a big of a
difference just making someone smile
making someone laugh that's you know why
I make the content not to like hear
myself talk I normally don't even watch
my vlogs I find myself to be kind of
annoying and it's just not really my cup
of tea but I do agree with most of the
things i say i just wish i could say
them without being so verbose and
little more you know formulated and
intelligent and you know I want to
script all my videos but I would take
too much time artists write out a script
I would have to do it I cut it up
instead of just making it very you know
like that you know visceral and visceral
response to things um so I hope that
clears things up a little bit I love sex
I don't put on sexy clothes just for the
video I dress like this i'm going to F&M
immediately after this I actually have
to stop within a minute because jesus is
coming to pick us up um this is our
dress this is who I am this is the real
me this is what i love this is what i do
and there's nothing wrong with sexuality
there's nothing wrong with being the way
that i am and i am so secure in that
fact that i'm willing to share it with
you guys and hopefully open a few eyes
and just ignore all the haters because
fuckem but hopefully some of the haters
turn to be at least neutral because you
know kind of makes sense what I'm saying
not everyone is a stereotype not
everyone is like oh I don't want to show
my cleavage but I need the money type
stuff it's like not like that sure there
are some girls that get into gaming and
they're not really that into it they
just like they're in college and I want
a little bit of extra money from the
Nerds sure but those people it's fucking
obvious just watch them for a little bit
and find that out don't just go in see
tits see a girl and talk about how much
of a whore she is that doesn't help
anyone I mean maybe it lets off steam
for yourself we should find a better way
to let off steam maybe go running do
positive things with your life rather
than going out and trying to put other
people down and bring other people to
your level of misery it just doesn't
make any sense so yeah um public service
announcement for the day I'm gonna go
fucking lose and modern because it's the
first time I am playing modern against X
other than agenda or elves or what's the
one that jesus does Zuzu so those are
the three texts that are the four decks
that I know hopefully I won't play
against a bunch of well I want to play
against the mirror so that because I
know the deck then but it's gonna be
fucking a clusterfuck because we're both
going to have Island walkins gonna be
really weird oh so yeah um thanks for
watching guys hopefully this makes sense
to you and yeah to do's Oh
alright let's take a picture
there huh
