hey guys I talked about looking weird
yesterday but I look extra weird today
and that's because I discovered that I
don't have to wear foundation anymore
which is awesome I have like the best
fucking skin in the world right now I
was struggling for a while with pretty
bad acne where I actually had to wear
cover-up a concealer type stuff and
Foundation and I would have to put like
two coats in some areas and it sucked
and that was because I was having this
huge humour blah oh whore more what the
fuck
hormonal what the if I could kill myself
anyway
hormonal problem because I was I had
that IUD in for my whatever the fuck so
I didn't get pregnant but it was fucking
awful never get an IUD that's just
that's a fucking subtext of this never
get an IUD it's fucking awful for you it
fucked my hormones it made me gain a
bunch of weight it was awful we're
seeing the world and now I'm back on
track with everything so I'm really
happy about that and all I used today
was this like moisturizer that has a
slight tint it doesn't cover anything in
my skin looks fucking great so it's
awesome and I've also always wanted to
have a style what that I liked where I
don't wear fake lashes just for if I'm
lazy because fake lashes are the only
thing that take any time like putting on
foundation and then dusting my eyebrows
with a brow color and then doing my lips
takes like fucking 10 minutes but
putting on the eyelashes making sure
that my eyes look even and everything's
normal is the thing that actually takes
time it's like 5 to 10 minutes for that
whole thing
what's which puts it at like 20 minutes
sometimes just because of that which is
fucking stupid so I'd like to have a
more casual style that I like but right
now it just feels kind of weird it feels
like my eyebrows are too big or
something but anyway uh let's talk about
girly things more talk about what I'm
talking about today which is gonna be
the illegal things that I've done and
it's not going to be 100% illegal things
that's gonna be like mischievious things
as well because I want to talk to you
guys about this because I think it'll be
a fun topic the first thing I did was
okay I was in like I think was first
grade maybe okay now let's go back
further I was in preschool my parents
put me in preschool and I once stole a
whole punch I don't know why I did it I
don't know what pushed me to do this
ridiculous thing but I stole light
bright at home I showed it to my mom
though I was like you need to bring that
back where did you get that I was like I
got it a preschool
yeah you need to bring that back don't
steal things so I brought it back and I
put it in this boys backpack whoo I
didn't like instead of actually putting
it back
that's how mischievious i was when i was
younger it was fucking amazing I was
gonna set that bitch up I was like I do
not like you let's set you up and it was
the best thing ever and it was one of my
fondest memories as a child fast forward
a couple years I'm in like second or
third grade maybe and there's this field
trip that we go on to the zoo and I have
this friend named Cameron we're actually
friends at this time and he was wearing
a suit and he was wearing a clip-on tie
and I'm like what the fuck dude why are
you wearing a clip-on tie do you also
have a clip-on dick and actually said
this to him he started crying and told
the teacher and I could not believe this
first of all he was my friend second of
all it was a fucking joke so I had to
get taken home in the middle of the
field trip and my parents thought it was
fucking hilarious and I got in zero
trouble and they were like you know
that's funny but don't cause too much
trouble at school and I'm like art I'll
try not to and that's when I realized at
a very very young age that people can
get offended at literally anything and
you know they're stifling my creativity
and my humor and they should just shut
the fuck up so just be yourself and if
people get offended try to teach them
how you meant to just be funny and not
offended and then it shouldn't offend
them and if it does offend them still
just know that it's from a good place
and it shouldn't offend you anymore
because the only thing that should
offend people is if someone is being
malicious towards you but if they're not
being malicious and they're just saying
something that's funny or saying
something that's meant to you know push
you in the right direction you shouldn't
be offended you should be like did you
mean to hurt me and it's like no you
didn't mean to hurt me okay move on but
anyway that's kind of off topic so um I
had a really I had a best friend named
Medel and we would go to the mall and
steal clothes like she would like to see
whole lot of clothes from Macy's and
this is actually an illegal thing that
I've done and we used to steal a fuck
ton of clothes and things from Claire's
if you can believe it or not we would
steal like earrings and shit and a bunch
of dumb knockoff shit that nobody cares
about but we stole a lot of stuff and
there was this one point where I had
like hundreds of dollars of stuff in a
fucking bag that I was I was just like
stealing things
and I got cutting players for a pair of
earrings and I was banned from the mall
for a whole year but I went back anyway
and just nobody said anything um and it
was pretty funny because I had this bag
of like hundreds of dollars worth of
clothes like hidden behind me while I
was getting in trouble for these
earrings and I ended up being able to
take all of that stuff home and nobody
had found out about that and I don't
know what the the punishment would have
been for that but we were like in fifth
grade or sixth grade or something like
that so I don't think it couldn't have
been I don't think they can really do
too much there's like a limitations
thing there and then fast forward a
couple years I'm like in the end of
middle school beginning of high school
and I had this fucking terrible boy he
was literally the worst thing that's
ever happened to me and I'm really glad
that I got rid of him and got out of
that and have an amazingly positive life
from there on but I was kind of a kid
that would drink and do drugs with
friends and I wasn't really in a happy
place because I was with him because he
would stress me he stole cars like so
frequently like all the fucking time he
was in and out of juvie he even got his
like third strike recently and he's just
always in jail when the process of doing
something to where he's gonna go back to
jail or juvie depending on what point in
his life we're talking about but um
there was a point there was a straw
where I was like okay he was coming over
in a stolen car to see me and I hadn't
seen him for a long time and it was the
first time I saw him since he got out
and I was standing at my high school
waiting for him across the street and he
drove by and then behind him I see a
police car chasing him and then I don't
hear from him again his phone's off and
he's back in jail and that was my last
straw I stopped caring about him at that
point but anyway I was involved in a lot
of stuff with him like there was this
one point and my mom does not know about
this and my parents don't know about
most of the things I did with Jarod they
thought I was kind of detached from all
the stuff that he did but they didn't
know that he did awful shits they just
didn't really think that I was involved
in a lot of it
and they were like well let's make her
make her own bad decisions and my dad
fucking hated him but my dad hated most
of my guy friends like the guy friends
that I would play video games with he
didn't like because he just guys hanging
out with his daughter I guess but um
there was one point where one of my guy
friends took apart his canoe
ughter and he fucking hated him after
that it was so funny anyway so um my mom
would always urge that my dad should let
me make my own decisions and my own
mistakes so that I learned from them
that was like a good decision I think as
long and they kept me on a leash where
it wasn't like I could go out and do
anything that would hurt myself more
than any other teenager so it was a good
decision and parenting I think because I
learned a lot from it and I now have
more self-worth and better choices and
Men and better choices and what people
can do to me and I'm I have no problem
with kicking someone out of my life who
becomes toxic like that's just something
that's easy for me now because I had
that freedom to learn and make mistakes
on my own but anyway so there was one
point where we went out and we stole a
car at some point and there was cops
actually chasing us and Jared actually
got away from them and he stopped like a
block away from my house we grabbed
everything we needed
we like wiped down the the steering
wheel and the door handles with like a
sweater we jumped out we ran a block and
ran into my house and closed the door
and my mom looked out the window and she
goes like what's going on over there you
guys didn't have anything to do with
that and we're like no what are you
talking about we just got home from like
the mall or wherever we were and we told
her that we used her her parents car or
his parents car and that's all because
sometimes he would use his mom's car but
mostly it was just a legal shit and yeah
oh there was this one point at okay so
Jay and I were going to the YMCA and
I'll tell you about how I got banned
forever from any YMCA ever so there was
this this convertible and in the
convertible was sitting in iPod and the
iPod was just literally sitting there on
the seat and I'm like let's teach this
fucker a lesson who the fuck would leave
their top down and all of their like
valuables in their car is fucking stupid
so I grabbed it and we left and then
turns out we're on fucking camera and
the people came to my house I was living
with my parents at the time and they
were like yeah you stole this thing you
need to give it back we're gonna see if
the guys are gonna press charges and I
took the fall for it 100% because it was
my it was my idea and I was the one that
grabbed it and you know things are much
more easier on someone like me
young woman than they are on a man in
the judicial judicial system and stuff
like that I can't talk today I don't
know why I feel like yeah I don't know
just my mouth feels non-elastic or
something I don't know it's weird maybe
I'm just tired I've been tired a lot
lately especially because of the weather
but anyway so um they ended up not
pressing charges so they gave it back
and it was like this knockoff fucking
iPod and I told them that I was just
gonna teach them a lesson like why the
fuck would you leave your shit in the
car it was like a dumb idea and I just
did it anyway and I was like whatever
and I didn't think I would be on camera
but the punishment was that I can never
set foot in a YMCA and Jake can never
set foot in a YMCA for the rest of our
lives which is kind of funny because the
place that we were going to was like a
fucking piece of shit ass place anyway
and it was like whatever and I didn't
really like it it was just close to my
parents house my parents like wanted me
to go to the same high school as my dad
so they ended up living in a place where
like it's two blocks away from like
really not that great area so my high
school wasn't very great it wasn't well
funded there weren't many programs for
people who were going above and beyond
which isn't very much it's not saying
much when you're going above and beyond
the public school system in America and
that's the thing that I think is a huge
problem the stupidity of this country
and like how people are being educated
is not very good like I was really
fucking ahead in school and I skipped
most of my days in the last two in the
last two years that I went to high
school in the middle of high school I
decided to do a program which was the
only gifted child program that existed
really we didn't really even have AP
classes and it was just really awful so
I started going to college and the
college credits that I got would go
toward my high school degree or my high
school diploma as well as a degree in
whatever the fuck I wanted a degree in
and so I was going toward personal
training and I was also getting my high
school diploma at the same time the only
time I ever went back to high school was
to graduate and that was kind of weird
because at that point I had fake boobs I
think yeah I think I had fake boobs I
was like eighteen and a half I was like
an older on the older end because I'm
born in November so yeah anyway that
kind of got off topic a little bit but
those are the illegal things that I can
remember that I've done I have a bunch
of really cool stories coming up and
really cool of vlogs that I want to do
but I'm gonna go stream and see what
this weird makeup style looks like on
the camera it's interesting and exciting
when I try a new look I really like
having different looks for myself it's
just very exhilarating it's like ooh
like I always say I equate it to fixing
up your car or something when you get to
improve yourself you get to feel like
you look like a different person but
you're still the same person on the
inside or you get to convey a different
style it's really cool really fun and
it's really healthy to experiment with
and it's not at all you know how people
think it is where it's just like some
insecure person who only cares about
looks and that's the only type of person
that they are they're just like a vapid
vain terrible person anyway um yeah you
guys have been giving really good topics
as well so thank you I will talk to you
guys tomorrow I love you guys I'm gonna
be doing a sex ed video soon on pussy
licking which I don't know how I'm going
to I don't want to title it kind of
Lingus because nobody really knows what
that means and it's like - to Greek to
technical I don't really know if it's
Greek or not you know what I mean like I
don't use fellatio because not everyone
knows what it means I have a funny okay
so since we're talking about
mischievious things there was something
I said to my mom was so funny um Jay and
I would call my mom's Pilates fellatio
z' right and she like thought it was
funny and I always thought we always
thought that she knew what that meant
but then she came home from work one day
and was like yeah I found out what
fellatio z' meant I went and told one of
my girlfriends at work that I was doing
my fellatio z' oh that's what my
daughter calls it and she didn't know
what it was and so so it was like a
little bit embarrassing for her but
mostly funny because she was talking to
her friend and I thought it was fucking
hilarious that she had no idea and she's
going around like how many people did
she go and spout out like oh I'm doing
my flashy I was like oh my god mom
that's terrible so yeah not everyone
knows what that means and I want to make
a title that seems good so if you guys
can think of a title for how to give
good female head or lick good pussy that
won't just get completely flagged in an
age-restricted that would be cool all
right thank you guys I love you bye
