hey guys I was just trying to find a way
to make the selfie stick viable and I
could not find a way to make it viable
unfortunately so um I'm just going to be
taking selfies with it and not actually
using it for vlogs I'm extremely tan
right now and I look kind of weird today
it's very odd I thought I looks good
today when I did my makeup in the mirror
but now I'm just looking fucking we're
don't know why anyway today I'm going to
talk about my lesbian experiences
specifically my first and my weirdest
lesbian experiences because you guys
have been wanting me to talk about it
and a lot of people asked me how many
people have you had sex with how many
guys you had sex with and I only count
the guys because the girls to me are
kind of just like a sex toy like an
added an additive to the sex the don't
it doesn't actually denote sex like when
I'm playing around with a female that's
not actually sex because it's not
actually penetration because it's more
just like chill fun than it is being
penetrated by a big cock so it's not
really sex to me it's not something that
I would consider doing for the rest of
my life with like only girls and that's
why I'm not a lesbian but I have had
lesbian experiences so I'm going to talk
about those I just so much prefer penis
so I don't really like anything other
than threesomes but I figured that out
after having a lot of sex with both of
the sexes and finding out that I really
just like looking at women or adding
another woman to the sex that I have so
that it's really hot that there's
another woman pleasuring the man that
I'm with or like just for fun or there's
a girl that really wants to do it so I'm
like sure why not and those are kind of
the reasons I am attracted to women I
like looking at women I'm sexually
aroused by women but I would never be
full-on lesbian because cock is just so
damn good and like you can try to
substitute it with like a dildo or
something but it's just it's not the
same fucking thing like and women are
like they're more delicate they're fun
but they're not what turns me on the
absolute most and that's you know a
fearless man anyway so my first okay so
yeah my first uh lesbian experience I
guess you would call it wasn't middle
school everyone
in middle school every girl in middle
school went through a phase where they
thought they were bisexual or they
thought there were lesbian and my group
of friends and now of course they're all
married with kids uh you know
heterosexual relationship not lesbians
but that was the kind of cool thing to
do then and a lot of them would have a
boyfriend and then be you know bisexual
and they would just end up you know like
kissing other girls yada yada it was the
time to experiment in my middle school
so I had this friend named Sam uh who I
had my first lesbian encounter with I
would go to her house and we would grab
the the porn and the vibrators or
whatever from the bedside tables of her
parents and we would do stuff together
would like each other's pussies or
whatever it was kind of funny um and
like cute or whatever it was like it was
a very innocent bisexuality and I was
never like dating her per se oh he's
like liked men more and had a boyfriend
and stuff but it was fun and I would go
over to her house and you know spend a
lot of time with her and we were like
best friends um our boyfriends were
always like best friends with each other
and stuff but she had a best friend
whose name was Britney um and both of
these girls were like cute ish rocker
chicks it was um that was kind of the
style and that was who I gravitated
toward most because you know they were
more my kind of person I'd really like
the whole valley girl type girls it
wasn't really me I mean I looked like
that but that wasn't my personality so
I'm and I wholeheartedly uh endorsed not
dressing the way like not dressing for
the music that you like you know like if
you like rock and you dressed like a
rocker that seems like a poser to me
because you can have a different taste
in clothing than you do in music and for
me I have a different taste in clothing
and style and how I want my body to look
then you know would indicate that I like
prog rock or something and that's just
to me it makes perfect sense that not
everything in your life aligns up to
become a stereotype and I'm not at all a
stereotype I like videogames obviously I
like you know I'm open about sex I'm not
insecure I like the way I look but I
look like a Barbie but at the same time
I like metal and it's just like you
don't have to be a bunch of
obvious stereotypes and that to me has
been obvious my entire life but anyway
so Brittany um and I would spend a lot
of time together as well she had a
really cool house it was like a
two-story house and they had a tanning
bed at the house so I would use the
tanning bed and they had a giant
trampoline in the backyard which I
fucking loved but anyway I would spend
time with them apart which was weird
because they were best friends but when
I spent time with Sam I wasn't spending
time with Brittany and vice-versa and
that's how I kind of liked it I don't
know why but Brittany gave me the best
full-body massages with like oil and I
was nude and it was great and we were
mess around I didn't mess around
sexually as much with her but I did love
her naked full-body massages and never
had any problem with that she had really
big boobs and I had like a cups or B
cups and I always really liked the way
her boobs looked in clothing because I
don't really like natural boobs the way
they look if they're big I think they
always look like too too fatty and
droopy and the nipples are often too big
and it's just not my kind of thing I
always say that if I had really big
natural boobs I would have gotten them
reduced and then I would have gotten
implants because I just like the way
implants look so much better it's a it's
an aesthetic opinion I would say it's
just you know what I like better and
it's kind of funny to me off topic a
little bit that a lot of people feel
like fake boobs are a lot worse and
that's just I feel like the cool thing
to say right now because natural is in
but really a lot of people are just
loving boobs that are not either natural
but and looking abroad but don't look at
outside of a bra or are not natural in
the girls lying about it or they're
natural but she's stuffing her bra to
make them look good and that's a lot of
it sucks that a bra can kind of be the
reason why people have trust shit trust
issues or whatever that dumb meme says
but it's true that a lot of boobs do
look better in a bra and I have the same
opinions about fake boobs like often
you'll see in the beginning of a porn
these perfect fake boobs in a bra and
then you take the bra off and the
nipples look weird or the implants
didn't settle right because a lot of
porn stars get like sub quality implants
um but anyway back to the topic so um
another really interesting lesbian
encounter I had was one of my first big
shoots that I got to do with a really
really big
photographer um she's like um one of the
best fitness / glamour / editorial
photographers like in the business and
she's very well paid and I uh was paying
her because I wanted some shoots in my I
wanted some shots in my portfolio
because I just started out modeling and
she really liked my look and she thought
that she could do something really
amazing with it
so Jay and I went down there Jay often
subs as my assistant when there isn't
one already and her husband was subbing
as her assistant and we ended up going
out to a strip club and then what what
okay are you done
okay I'll be done in a second we ended
up going out to a strip club and um like
on the way back like she was really
drunk and she was making out with me I
thought that was kind of weird and I
said that I have never done anything
sexual with a photographer but again I
don't count that as anything because
that was a female photographer it was a
male photographer in the same situation
for some reason that to me is a more
serious more unprofessional and just
kind of like a big deal I don't know why
it might be some weird stigma that I
have but like having a little you know
cute innocent fun with another girl is
not the same thing as like actually
taking some guy's dick and guys have a
lot like stereotypically guys have a lot
more um varied reasons that they want to
have sex with a girl it's not just you
know a little bit of drunken fun it's
more like or trying to manipulate them
or they're going to give something in
return
or they will now treat you differently
in the industry it's not just like
something that you keep to yourself and
it was a little bit of fun and oh we got
drunk and oh it's so innocent
it just seems different so I was okay
with it at the time it was also one of
my first bigger shoot type things but
anyway uh the photographer and I stayed
in touch and I went down there for a
paid gig now that I was finally an
established model about six months later
for a snowmobile calendar I think it was
and it was it was fun but not the same
like we didn't really do anything but we
did go out to a rock concert which was
pretty cool
we saw hinder and a couple of their
bands one of the models that she shoots
with the her boyfriend of her is
in a band so we went and saw them we
hung out with hinder that was pretty
cool
those are two kind of kind of funny or
interesting like how I first got into
being a bisexual or having lesbian
experiences and then kind of a weird one
that was totally out of context and was
like what the fuck just happened
but I've had a lot of threesomes um I
have probably at least more than 10
different occasions with either models
or friends one was with a friend girl in
the gaming industry and um yeah it's
just it's really fun to experiment of
like that and to you know have fun and
let loose and you know add another you
know feminine body to the mix but I
would definitely say if I had to choose
between always having threesomes or
always having sex with a girl and never
having sex to the girl and just always
having like sex with one guy I would
definitely choose the sex with the guy
because it's just so much better um I do
enjoy the addition but it's not worth
it's kind of like a big upkeep and
there's a lot of like weird nuances and
intricacies that you have to keep up
with like what are you going to do with
a condom so that you don't get her
juices and the other girl to make sure
that everyone is safe in the situations
things you don't really think about
until you've actually done it
but yeah if you guys want me to go more
into detail on stuff like that like each
three summer actually do the videos on
specifically threesomes that would be
cool and I can also share how I feel
about a guy-guy girl threesomes as well
or orgies or whatever I don't know but I
know you guys like this sex talk test
type stuff because not a lot of people
talk about it on the internet but I have
to go a stream and my phone's gonna die
so yeah I'm gonna try to figure out how
to use the selfie stick in the vlog but
it was just looking stupid like it would
hold it up like that and like weird
angles and I like couldn't figure out
how to get it right but I'll figure it
out
alright thanks for watching like out of
ways that was a really weird voice it
was like supposed to be like Yoda but
then it wasn't so yeah alright bye guys
