hey guys I did another video today with
my good lighting setup so I thought I
would put my mini tripod on top of my
big tripod on top of my camera and do
another video here because it just looks
better and more professional you guys
seem to half-and-half like the more
professional content and then the other
half of you of course like the holding
and talking and being crazy content so
today we're going to talk about crazy
places I've had sex this is something
that people have asked me quite
frequently but I mean I feel like it's
going to be an underwhelming video
because I guess I've had sex in some
places that people consider crazy but
for me having sex is just something
where I want to get my full
gratification and do everything that I
desire and all of my fetishes are kind
of entwined in there and I don't really
want to worry about getting caught and
since I've become an adult I think there
are actually real repercussions to
having sex out in public when you're not
allowed to it's like indecent exposure
or some kind of sex offender shit and I
don't want to deal with that so it's
very easy for me having my own place to
have sex whenever I want wherever I want
and needless to say I've had sex all
over my fucking house from like on the
breakfast buffet thing on the kitchen
and bend me over there to the couch
somewhere where I have a lot of fun
because I have my big-screen TV there
where we can like turn on some porn and
have a lot of fun and have music in the
background um of course the bathroom
bent over the vanity maybe on the toilet
I remember in the shower the shower is
kind of an underwhelming place to have
sex because it's not logistically sound
unless you have a girl with high heels
on or who's really tall most of the guys
I have sex with a really tall so their
penis kind of lands um in the small of
my back or higher sometimes and it's not
really easy for me to tiptoe and get up
there and then also continue to arch and
it's just not the best and we don't have
one of those you know things that you
would have if you're handicapped in the
in the bathtub with the chair where you
can sit down and just like bounce on top
of him like that thing we don't have and
the bathtub isn't like huge I would
rather have sex in the shower like a
glass shower and I think I've done that
before
um of course the bedroom and the
computer room yes I've done stuff there
as well but that's the place where I do
all of my vlogs so you guys are prior or
not my vlogs my stream so you guys
with that place as well but um I've had
sex in a bunch of cars a bunch of
different times sometimes small cars so
it's kind of difficult to you know move
around and stuff but that's always fun
that's like a more like oh my god we
really didn't need to do it right now or
oh my god my parents are home we can't
do it their kind of thing when I was a
teenager um I had a really really shitty
boyfriend when I was around 14 to 15 or
something like that and he works at a
Bollywood theater his family or his
sister's boyfriend owned and I found out
that I really love Bollywood and their
culture and they had like cold samosas
that they would serve instead of like
actual refreshments and I loved those
and I still sometimes go out and buy
samosas and put them in the oven and eat
them I'm like oh this isn't the exact
same taste but it's so good I love
samosas so I developed a love for Indian
culture there I also had sex behind one
of the screens there's like a also
upstairs there was like an area that we
would have sex a lot but um you can
actually walk up these stairs and go
behind the screen and you can like see a
silhouette of us through the screen and
shit it's really cool but we had sex
there and that was fun also I've had sex
okay so in my apartment building as well
as in a bunch of hotels there are this
there's this place where you open the
door and it's like stairs instead of the
elevator right and it's usually like
kind of dirty not really carpeted just a
bunch of stairs that you can take in
case of fire or something I've had sex
and a bunch of the hotel places there I
also had sex in my apartment building
which is a highly frequented area
because sometimes it's much easier to
take the stairs than it is the elevators
our elevator hears like really slow so
um I was sucking Jays dick and he was
leaning against the door and if anyone
comes up and needs to get through the
door they would like nuts on the door
and then we would have to get dressed
and stuff and I would sit on the the
stairs and try to look in a sense as
fuck well someone walks by and knows
exactly what we did and we have done
that before because we had someone over
in our apartment we were like hey let's
do it this is fun awesome so yeah we did
that also I've had a lot of crazy sexual
escapades with Jay when we were younger
when we first met I've known him for 10
years so we've been having sex for over
10 years and
just as amazing oh it's like sexual
soulmate ISM if that's even a thing but
anyway so um one of the funny okay so we
used to go to we used to break in break
in hotels um without using a key car
boom just knock in the door and have
someone open it for us and we would go
there and swim the pool or in the
jacuzzi or whatever and we have had sex
in the pool in the jacuzzi on multiple
occasions where there were people
actually in the pool or Jacuzzi and I
would sit on his lap and pretend like
we're not having sex or we would be in
the pool holding onto the the rod things
on the side that allow you to climb out
and we would have sex there and one time
there was this British family that
walked up to us with the naked little
girl like she was like 1 or something
and was like you're clearly fucking and
we until this day we make fun of that
all the fucking time some chick with a
British accent saying like you're
clearly fucking and Jay goes with his
you know sense of humor that he has and
is not give a fuck attitude he goes yeah
well your daughter is clearly naked and
I thought that was so fucking amazing
and hilarious and they just like she was
like and left and it was like the best
thing ever but other than that we never
really got caught and we used to go into
a bunch of different hotels and pools
and stuff and do stuff like that or
sitting on the beach outside you know
chairs whatever the fuck they're called
um the ones that like recline really far
back I'm trying to think of anywhere
else crazy that I've had sex with
someone I've had sex on someone's mom's
bed that's not really that crazy but I
don't really feel like most of the
things that I do outside that are
adventurous I really want to like enjoy
them and then have sex when we get home
or have sex on the way or have sex
before like I want to have sex at least
3 times a day but that doesn't really
entail me having sex in places that
doesn't that isn't comfortable to have
sex in so me having sex out in crazy
places the adrenaline doesn't really
kick in I'm not really kind of I don't
know it just it doesn't get me there as
much I would of course do it and it's
fun but at the same time it has risks
and it's not like the most amazing part
of sex I think if you really have a
great partner that gets you off and that
knows what you like and you know you can
try a bunch of things at home it doesn't
really
better and like we have like this
ottoman that is great for sex like it's
one of those Ottomans you can push and
move around and it's about the size of
my torso and that's great for sex as
well like we can do like doggy style on
it I can like flip flip upside down and
on my couch like I like positions okay I
like positions that make things feel
better I like switching up positions
often and it's really hard to do
different positions if you are doing it
out in public with limited resources and
not very much time I've never done it in
an airplane even though I've been on a
lot of airplanes because of modeling and
sometimes for gaming as well like I've
gone to e3 and stuff like that um let's
see what else in a bathroom I've done in
a bathroom before there is a bathroom
that I've always wanted to have sex in
because of how amazing the bathroom
looks um it is at the yard house in
Seattle downtown Seattle if you guys
have ever been there it's fucking
amazing I don't know if the other yard
houses have such nice clean like barely
frequented bathrooms but it's like the
lights are really dim and the stalls are
really huge and like nice and
everything's prestige I just want to
have sex there it's like got the perfect
mood for sex um and so maybe that's
something I'll do at some point I don't
know but I never really get the inkling
to have sex outside I also spend most of
my time at home unless I'm like on a
modeling shoot I don't sleep with
photographers I don't sleep with other
models so well male models I don't sleep
with the male models so it's like not
really something I want to do there and
I'm not ever gonna like sleep with
someone I bring to a shoot like an
assistant or something because I would
be highly unprofessional so it's like
another place I've always wanted have
sex
these stores I don't think exists
anymore but Gilly Hicks is the it's the
Australian branch of Abercrombie &
Hollister and so those three places with
places that I uh I shop the most and
Gilly Hicks has like lingerie and just
it's only for women it's not like a
holster and Abercrombie where it has a
men's section too because it has so much
lingerie and underwear that is just
basically for women and the fucking
fitting rooms there are insanely good
you walk in it's got like a metal door
it actually has a bed in there a giant
fucking mirror it's lit really perfect
and it has like a really really high
air-conditioning so I really like having
sex um when I'm cold because not only
can I be warmed up by the sex but like I
really like goosebumps goosebumps like
tighten your skin and make your skin all
like bumpy and your body looks better
and you just feel it like I like that
shit so the extra air conditioning makes
it so that I'm not going to sweat and
it's just like a really sexy feel to it
I feel like that was their point they
also have a bunch of books in there with
like women like their kind of sexual
books but they're meant to just be like
books of women trying on uh trying on
bras and stuff like that but that's
basically it I thought about this a
little bit before I did this video and
I'm pretty sure that's all the places
that I've had sex that are crazy crazy
quote-unquote um let me know what yours
are and places that you would like do
you have like a wish list of places that
you would like to have sex let me know
what they are where you have had sex if
you think that having sex out in public
is all it's cracked up to be because I
think it's a high consensus that places
like the shower are overrated and you
just gotta try it once um I feel like
that's the same about having sex a lot
and out in the open know I've also had
sex in in the woods a couple times and
an abandoned house I had sex with this
guy who I was into for like three years
we broke into this abandoned house and
we were smoking pot and I had sex with
him in front of our other friends some
guy friend but then like we didn't
finish or something it was really weird
I don't know I was a little bit slutty
or back in the day but I've only had sex
with the 10 people no 11 10 10 people so
in over 10 years of having sex over wait
how long has it been
Thanks 13 years of having sex I only had
sex with 10 people so yeah nothing it's
bad to be a slut because I think if
you're slut you're safe and that's no
big deal that's like that's just a word
that people use to put people down
because they're so insecure about a
female sexuality and like men want to
have a girl that's like kind of a virgin
both so experience really likes sex so
it's like almost a catch-22 they're
trying to find a girl I just you know
love giving you head and love having sex
with you but she's also kind of a virgin
so it's like untreated territory and its
really stupid the way society views
women and sex these days it's like
you're either a slut or you're a nun and
you are boring if you're a nun but you
get respect and if you are a slut you
don't get respect but everyone wants to
fuck you because you're hot and you're
into it you know what you're doing with
a dick so it's really weird and stupid
I just like to do whatever I like to do
and use my own morals as a compass and
not give a fuck what other people say
and I have nothing against having sex
with people who I really want to have
sex with so yeah let me know bye bye
thank you I'm gonna take a picture I
have to be like on this side all right
bye guys
