hey guys I was guests it up and do a
vlog today because the lighting is a
fucking amazing and now it looks like I
have bags under my eyes rather than the
lighting being amazing but it's better
than this which is fucking awful so um
I'm gonna do a vlog like this today I'm
not feeling very well so as I've told
you guys before it's incredibly insanely
hot here it's 90 today tomorrow's gonna
be 93 the next day's gonna be like 96 or
something awful and it makes me want to
commit suicide but I'm trying to deal
with it and streaming during the day has
been pretty terrible i'm going to do
another stream another viewer day which
was really fun yesterday so i'm going to
do another one today but um it's really
hard to stream during the heat because
my fucking computer oh just emanates so
much heat and it's already over 100
degrees inside the house because we
don't have central air and it's just
like it makes me want to move to fucking
antarctica Greenland or Iceland I heard
that Iceland is greener and Greenland is
icy ur so fucking Greenland I want to
move to Greenland or something I don't
know but it's so fucking awful so I have
this headache and I feel like if I don't
drink like ice cold water every five
seconds I start getting a heat stroke
which feels awful it's like nausea and
lightheadedness and I just always feel
darja canned have an overall feeling of
malaise all the time it's the worst but
anyway um I also did so I slept wrong I
like my neck hurts like crazy or so like
when I was blow-drying my hair which is
awful in this heat by the way but I have
to do it because if I don't I'm waiting
like fucking four hours to do anything
like do streaming and then if I leave my
hair wet and I put a headset over the
headset feels gross because it's all wet
and yeah so I like pretty much have to
do it it's like necessary um but yeah my
neck is hurting and I'm sweaty and it's
impossible to get motivation for the gym
but I'm doing it anyway and feeling just
like I'm carrying like third 300 extra
pounds what is this it's like a weird
darkness whatever who cares so today I
want to talk about something stupid and
it's just going to be me rambling and
hopefully I don't offend anyone I'm not
trying to offend anyone it's just an
observation that will either be obvious
or not obvious to you guys depending on
whether or not you've just this is
popped into your head randomly i get
like stupid epiphanies as to why i think
the way things are are the way they are
if that makes any fucking sense oh my
god I feel so retarded today but um is
so this is going to be about why it
seems like the stereotype of a nerd
having like asthma or acne or like some
kind of weird semi disability disability
why that's so prevalent and why it is a
fucking stereotype that kind of rings
true it's like you know anytime you see
a nerd you imagine his glasses and
asthma he can't do sports or you know
he's got a lot of acne or he's got like
the redheaded complexion where he can't
really go out in the Sun and it's like
why is it that ailments on people that
are like biological hereditary um end up
happening to people that end up being
nerdy or outcast or dorks or geeks and
um I think it might be kind of obvious
to to correlate the two because you
think about it like why like what are
some of the things that are hard in life
if you let's say have asthma well you
can't do sports it's really hard to keep
up with the other kids so of course
you're going to be you know a or an
outcast in the derogatory way where you
don't really have made many friends or
you know you're not really um socially
apt right and I guess it makes sense
because all of these ailments will often
lead to either being teased or not being
able to keep up with other kids or not
being able to hang out with other kids
and do the things that other kids you
know enjoy doing and I always thought it
was so funny that like when I find a
nerd I'm always like you've got to have
some kind of weird allergies or asthma
or like hay fever type stuff all the
time it's got to be something and there
always is and for me it's kind of funny
because I'm not allergic to anything
I've never had a problem with any of
that um and I thought that correlation
was kind of funny um but yeah I guess it
makes sense that having certain like
flaws
makes it so that it's hard for you to
make friends and that's kind of sad
because people like when you're growing
up if you have asthma and you can't play
sports people are like oh well you know
fuck you you can't hang out in my social
groups because you know you have some
kind of weird disability that makes it
that so that you can't keep up with us
in football or flag football or soccer
where the fuck is popular there and that
makes you not a jock and that makes you
a nerd you know by proxy which is kind
of fucking weird right it's not just
weird i don't know i didn't really have
a topic today well i have a lot of
really intense topics and i've been
feeling like kind of not very well
obviously look at me i'm like oh i mean
i feei look normal because i'm really
good at looking normal I've you know
many days I felt like shit and had to
you know fucking go to a photo shoot or
something but the clarity of my thought
right now is not very it's not very good
um i don't know i think i'm gonna do a
gaming vlog and then I'm gonna go stream
but uh yeah if you guys haven't checked
out my stream twitch.tv / tara babcock
it's pretty good and run over to my
gaming channel and check out my gaming
vlog which might not be up as of the
uploading of this video but I do a lot
of gaming vlogs that are just related to
gaming so if you are interested in the
gaming aspects of my life you're not
going to get much talk of that like you
used to um on this channel it's going to
be more on that channel because often i
would talk about like magic or i would
talk about my stream or i would talk
about league of legends or starcraft
then people would be like i have no idea
what you're fucking talking about from
three minutes to twelve minutes so i'm
just gonna stop watching and it's like
ok my audience is a little bit different
on this channel but yeah let's just keep
this one short and sweet i just wanted
to say hi to you guys that i love you
guys and talk about some random thing
that I thought up that actually doesn't
matter in real life but I just thought
it would talk about it because I do that
stuff and it's something that I would
bring up to Jay so why wouldn't I bring
it up to you guys and see what you guys
think and let me know down in the
comments if you have had any strife in
your life because you've had something
like glasses asthma or some other
ailments that makes it so that you can't
really fit in with other kids or do the
things that other kids can do maybe I've
OCD or your autistic Asperger's anything
like that let me know it's interesting I
like like learning and thinking
things like this and having random like
idiotic epiphanies that you know have no
bearing in the real world they're just
kind of interesting to think about right
like why things happen and there are
things that are so obvious and then it
just hits you and it's like how many
people know about this this is so
fucking obvious and then you feel like a
retard because you didn't know it before
but yeah um don't forget to check out
yesterday's vlog about gay marriage and
the day before my amazing FM video and
let me know if you guys want me to do
more Tara Reid's comments the satirical
funny versions where I occasionally
seriously answer questions but mostly
just make foam trolls alright guys
thanks for watching my bike
