hey guys sorry we're not doing a blog
yesterday um it's so fucking hot here in
Seattle especially this summer like
usually it's about 75 to 85 every single
day of the summer in seattle and we do
not have residential air conditioning
I've talked about this a thousand
fucking times because of how much it
bothers me but um it affects me more
than other people I don't like hot
weather at all i don't like nice weather
it actually makes me feel sluggish tired
i get heatstroke really easily i just
feel like i want to curl up in a ball
and sleep but then i can't sleep because
my feet in the rest of my body just feel
like they're overheating and I feel like
I'm on fire and sitting next to my
supercomputer that is not water-cooled
is fucking terrible in the summer it's
like at least 15 degrees hotter in that
room than any other room in the house so
it is a huge problem for me and
yesterday I was feeling one of those
heat stroke II days so anyway today I
want to talk about same-sex
relationships in same-sex marriage now
normally I don't give a flying fuck
about the stupid new topical news topic
that's going around where people are
talking about like you know Kylie
Jenner's lip whatever the fuck and you
know holding a bottle between your boobs
for attention and then saying that it's
for charity or like pouring ice on you
and then saying that it's for awareness
but really you're just trying to give
use i usually don't partake in any of
that shit and i know right now same-sex
marriage is a huge thing because it's
finally legal to get married to the same
sex in every single state in america so
it's nationwide now which is a fucking
huge amazing thing and normally i don't
have a strong opinion about anything but
with this I fucking do and to me it's
not an opinion it's like just a fact the
way i think that i'm correct like i
can't imagine I can't fathom like some
kind of delusion where I am not correct
about what I feel about same-sex
relationships and same-sex marriage and
the fact that they should be having the
same rights as every other human every
other American it makes no fucking sense
it feels so archaic and so like we're
back in the the dark days of America
where you know blacks don't have the
same rights as other people because
they're pretty much not considered to be
human like that's how I feel people are
people are and were treating gays you
know in the LGBT community and I think
that's actually the most like retarded
thing in the world and like think about
it these fucking
you know ridiculous white Republican old
dudes are making the rules and getting
really pissed off because you know
they're not separating church and state
and they're thinking that oh in the
Bible it says isn't that so why should
we you know jeopardize the sanctity of
marriage or when you know like it's just
so fucking ridiculous to me that people
still feel that way people still think
that way people are still pushing their
own morals in their own religion on
people in such a way that they're not
allowed to do things that other human
beings other Americans have the right to
freely do and it's so fucking stupid
people get married you know just for the
tax write-offs and it's like oh my god
it's so stupid how we're talking about
the sanctity of marriage when the
sanctity of marriage has been ruined a
long long ago that is not the way our
society is anymore it's fucking it's set
in your old ways stupid traditions and
it's not about allowing gays lesbians
transsexuals bisexuals to marry it's
allowing them to have the same rights as
everyone else because a lot of them
don't give a shit to marry they just
want to have the right to marry like
every other person like all of their
friends no matter how good of a person
they are or how intelligent of a person
they are they're allowed to marry
because their heterosexual and we're
basing whether or not they're allowed to
be married on something so private and
irrelevant as who they want to have sex
with who they're attracted to and who
they like happen to fall in love with
like you can't change that you can't
change who you are it's not being
possessed by the devil it's not a bigger
sin than just lusting in general and
like these fucking like bigots are
acting like oh it's disgusting we'll
stop imagining a guy putting his penis
into another guy and go home and fuck
your nasty fat wife which i think is
disgusting should you not be able to be
married no you can do whatever the fuck
you want and I am a full supporter of
everyone doing whatever the fuck they
want with anyone else if they're both
consenting adults and a lot of people
who are religious and a lot of this is
you know because people are religious
are saying that it's the same thing as
pedophilia or bestiality which is like
what the fuck first of all pedophilia is
wrong because in our society we treat
anyone under 18
as not being fully developed developed
in their brain not being fully developed
as a person so they can't make those
decisions it's not wrong to I guess lust
after them it's wrong to as an adult go
after them when you know that you could
be putting them in jeopardy and you
could be you know manipulating their
very weak and spongy minds you know like
we need to wait until someone is 18 to
make their own decisions otherwise
they're not really of their own you know
mindset yet they're not really able they
don't have the capacity to make that
decision and the same thing goes with
you know bestiality that's just like
taking advantage of an animal that is
not giving consent because he's not on
the same intellectual level of us and
can't give consent it's like also
anatomically incorrect because a lot of
the animals that they're having sex with
are not built for our large penises or
they're you know it's just awful and
wrong because they can't give consent
but a gay man another gay man are adults
they're consenting there of the right
mind they have you know all their
liberties and they fell in love why the
fuck can't they do the same shit that I
can with any guy and I keep saying they
and I feel like I'm my at my words are
distancing myself from the LGBT
community but I do identify as bisexual
I've had a lot of sexual encounters with
women I've never had a relationship an
exclusive relationship where i would
call someone my girlfriend with a girl
because um I just love cock so much and
I feel like that's an integral part of
having a relationship is being able to
stick a throbbing live member in me like
that's what turns me on the most but I
am very much attracted to women and at
the same time that identify myself with
being bisexual and having you know by
sexual encounters or lesbian encounters
I can't say that I have the same
struggles as anyone in the LGBT
community because being an attractive
young female who's attracted to other
attractive young females is pretty much
just something that makes you cooler
like it's a novelty it's something that
most men find sexy it's something that
most women are like yeah I would
experiment with that and so I don't
really have the same struggles like no
one's gonna walk down the tree and be
like fucking bisexual whore and like
beat me up or
like kill me or anything like that and I
wholeheartedly believe as a female in
Western society who has gotten the brunt
of sexism and all of the shit that
feminists whine about I feel like the
LGBT community knee is far more worse
off than any female that's why feminism
bothers me so much because it sounds so
pretentious and it's like oh we have all
these problems some guy got to us and
said we're beautiful fuck them we need
feminism women are getting raped which
really has nothing to do with women
being degraded it's just some asshole
who's not right in the head going out
and you know deciding that the law
doesn't apply to him it has nothing to
do with actually making women have the
same rights because we do have the same
rights who doesn't have the same rights
until I guess just now but still is
faced with so much more prejudice than
any other woman of LGBT community you
guys are fucking amazing I think it's I
think it's wonderful when someone can
stand up for who they are and when
someone can just be like this is me I'm
coming out of the closet in spite of you
know all of the adversity I'm gonna face
like I think that's amazing I've
struggled with that shit myself um when
I was much younger and now I'm very
comfortable with it and I feel like
everyone should be comfortable with it
so people who face who they are and are
honest with who they are and stand up
for themselves and are open enough to be
like yeah I'm gay so what fuck you I
should have rights that you have and all
these people coming together like gay
pride kind of seems like sometimes when
people are faced with adversity they
create organizations and they create
places where they are hating on people
who are not like them because those
people first hated on them if that makes
any sense so they're like oh fuck all in
whatever you know like it's I don't like
having communities okay so let me I
don't this is it sucks because this
isn't scripted so I'm just trying to put
my thoughts into coherent and
comprehensive like words but it's really
hard sometimes for me and I'm struggling
with that right now so let me try to put
it in terms that you guys might
understand with an analogy and an
anecdote so um what was i even gonna say
now that I was trying to explain that
oh okay so um yeah women in eSports
right oftentimes they're not as good as
men so they can't you know compete with
men and when they can compete with men
they get kind of you know made fun of
about the way that they look because you
know obviously women are a novelty so
it's still going to be kind of
interesting that there's a woman in
eSports and um some people feel like
that's a huge problem so they create a
female-only tournament and in my opinion
talking about like feminist issues in
eSports are gaming or creating a place
where only women are allowed segregates
them more and I feel like you know the
whole gay pride thing kind of does that
it brings attention to the negative
aspects rather than actually changing
anything and it makes people who are
usually on board with gay rights and
stuff be kind of annoyed at how you know
elitist and pretentious an organization
sounds it's like yes we are proud of us
you know like yes we're proud of being
black you can say black pride all you
want because people were you know
oppressed at a certain point but if we
say white power or white pride that's
like oh my god and like that's so like
terrible but it's the same fucking thing
and it can be really annoying when you
say stuff like that we're supposed to
just you know tolerate everyone and try
to assimilate and try to be one as a
community of people in America and
having that segregated place where only
women can go play video games and it's a
it's a woman loving environment with
only women where women can be together
and you know talk about how assholeish
men are that's just segregates the more
so that's the only problem I have with
you know that kind of organization or
that kind of movement is that you know
it segregates people more it draws
attention toward the negative and it
also makes people who would normally be
on your side and not be on your side
because of how annoying or you know
segregating or opposite hating it can be
you know so i don't really like that
just like affirmative action to let
people don't like that um the whole girl
power thing the whole burning of the
bras it just becomes like instead of
actually working to be like what I'm not
different time a woman what I'm not
different cuz I'm gay what I'm not
different cuz I'm black you instead are
creating
community that sticks together that is
all the same types of people and then it
can be harmful to becoming one as a
community if that makes any sense so
that's my opinion on that but one
hundred percent gate should obviously if
like this is so fucking obvious why do
we live in a society where it took this
long to make that a thing like it's so
weird to me but anyway I fucking think
this is awesome I think you guys rock
and I'm really glad that we are finally
coming to a society where we can be like
do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend
and then the person's like like as a
girl would say I'm like yeah I have a
girlfriend and I cool I'd love to meet
her one day instead of being like do you
have a boyfriend no I actually have a
girlfriend oh you're a lesbian that's
weird so what's it like to be lesbian as
if there's some kind of fucking aliens
right I'm hoping that that comes to an
end soon and then it's completely normal
and I do feel like I'm part of that
community because obviously I couldn't
imagine only being so vehemently against
having sex with one type of gender like
for me it's like women are beautiful in
their own way men are beautiful in their
own way they can both be great for sex
they can both be great for friends and
they both have a place in society and
that to me is just how i feel it's
always it's how I've always felt have
never been like I couldn't imagine
myself being attracted to other women
and women who have sex with other women
or men who have sex with other men are
fucking disgusting like my entire life
I've had like gay friends and mostly it
was because you know being a girl who's
into makeup you know you can identify
with that kind of personality and it's
also because they've every gay guy I've
ever known his like had a thing for J
and they like it hanging out with me
they're like oh it's changing nona and
it's so funny because every a guy likes
J like we had a guide high school who
hung out with me just to get close to J
and then when Jay went to college
university he had someone there um who
was actually in a position of power at
the University and then he went to work
and then he had a guy at work that was
in love with him and yeah I don't know
how many dick pics of him if his I've
sent two gay guys but anyway I got
keeping you that's basically the point
it's always been my stance and I think
it's pretty obvious that I shouldn't
even have to
this topic if you're a longtime viewer
of mine you know that I'm all for
everyone pursuing you know life love
liberty and happiness at any cost no
matter who you are and you know to just
do your oath that own thing and not
worry about other people are thinking
and doesn't affect you so why the fuck
are you worried about it so much I've
always been of that stance and I still
continue to be up that stance today and
I think it's a huge hurdle that we've
finally looked across for America
because I was starting to feel like
everyone here is actually stuck in the
fucking in the archaic old ways of you
know hating people who are different
which is awful bye guys thanks for
watching and I'll be posting every day
from now on I'm sorry I'm gonna go
stream now so yeah thanks for watching
do head to take a selfie by
