hi guys welcome to a new episode of
Friday night mail so I was thinking okay
it's been about two weeks since I did my
last party night mail video let's check
my Amazon wishlist and see if I got
anything I probably didn't but why not
let's check so I checked and I had like
3 or 4 things that are supposed to be
coming I'm like okay let's go to the PIO
box
I go and I discover that there are 300
fucking thousand boxes so many so that
they almost didn't fit inside the car
I'm really excited about that and i'm
super hyped for this episode i cannot
fucking wait to get started
so let's do it alright let's cut open
and block number 1 what's this hypocrisy
awesome I love music especially music I
don't listen to before so I'm super
excited to try this out this appears to
be a German band so that makes it even
better bill to Robert so Robert thank
you for the CD I can't wait to listen to
it
box number 2 is one of these which I
really love because on the back they
have just a little like pull and tear
it's like whoa Darksiders 2 I have not
really dark signers - I have definitely
dark centre's ones but dark centers -
I'm so planning haha
playings death this time it is so shiny
do you see a shiny those boxes this is
literally one of the best looking the
boxes I've ever gotten aside from like
some collector's edition or something I
really love the first game so I'm really
excited to tackle the second thank you
so much package number three
yay Dark Tranquillity Children of Bodom
is our ammonia Mundi I have never heard
of dis ammonia movie but is this German
I'm not sure I actually don't have a
jack to hook up my iphone in the car so
CDs are still fucking awesome thank you
so much
ah that group is Italian okay a gift
from Robert Joseph first heard of them
because Bjorn I'm Soilwork guessing
fantastic top-notch albumen band not one
bad sorry even below average cut enjoy I
love Robert and Haley thank you so much
Robert and Haley you've ever wholesome
and we've got another manila envelope of
course let's take my scissors to it oh
this is a gift from Marc Hoover Thank
You Marc
why am I thinking here what I
don't fake crying definitive edition Oh
Nathan to Dante but I'm thinking I'm
gonna really like this game because when
I played it at e3 a while back it was
really good
well there's something else in here it's
hard bigs oh that's awesome awesome all
right we have yet another let's go his
wrists it looks badass
oh yay sanity edge of sanity sanjuana
was a terrific musician this album is
actually a one song 45 minutes long
enjoy it look Robert and Haley thank you
guys alright this is gonna weird-looking
let's just open it see what happens
oh it's pixel panties ah this is awesome
this company sent me some panties and
they look like pixels look up pixelated
they make your buck with with pixels
fucking awesome right don't you love
this there's another set - they're pigs
expect this to be all over Instagram I'm
not gonna lie I'm gonna be doing some
selfies who he is and by selfies I mean
pictures of my ass at Tara Babcock on
Instagram Thank You pixel panties so
this is the last of the Ellen boxes and
it's super heavy I have no idea what's
in here I'm scared I feel like it's
gonna be a very square bomb oh my god
it's a marauding manga best-ever oh my
god this is awesome oh my god look at
her ass this is the fucking best thing
like literally the best thing ever there
she's like sucking dicks in here and
they like they definitely pixelated but
not enough for me to show you on here so
oh there's this one I can't show you the
front because there's actually naked
boobs on the front this is gonna be
great for when I alter magic card some
magic islands all I have to do is kind
of copy these you do not even know how
amazing this gift is for me and there's
a giant book how to draw erotic manga oh
my god
oh my fucking god you are a fucking God
who are you I need
this Emily where is it here's a bonus
card this picture was too damn cute to
pass up and there's there's another card
I think this card I was supposed to open
first but I'm getting everything
backwards today it's dumb my Tony takia
hentai art book as well as two bonus
books all for your drawing and packable
clutter wickel pink snout
thank you I remember you telling me
we're gonna Simon is I never actually
thought you would do it but thank you so
fucking much and I didn't think that
when you did send it it would be this
fucking amazing you can draw the gymnast
and this chick is like doing the
upside-down piledriver
and you can draw her with clothes or not
with clothes or tied up look it's so
amazing oh my god I cannot believe it
thank you so much I think it's time that
we opened some boxes we don't care about
that we want the little card the little
card on the top says hi Tara
this is mr. sinister on your blog I know
you that's who Robert Neely are oh you
guys didn't have to do this so sweet
let's see what I got he's supposed to be
seven and a half inches or something oh
how awesome is this thank you so much as
long as this champion shanks sook and
Prince Goro not Phelan he will be
victorious I think this was made a
little bit before the presents for Shao
Kahn box number two this is what they
look like by the way when you get a
present from Amazon I really enjoy your
blogs and you're mad talks I've also
learned a few things anyway I wanted to
see what kind of crazy things you'd have
on your wish list and saw this and it's
from a case sword Liz thank you okay
mwah
what is this I would say 400 but I
oh it's my selfie stick Oh awesome Bob I
can get more butt shots I can do more
full-body stuff I could not have my arm
get as tired when I hold it up for blogs
thank you so much okay all right we have
the final regular size that Amazon box
let's do this
hi Tara enjoy your gift from remove no
Kineo Perez aka death-ray from twitch
Thank You Raimundo slash death ray yeah
yoga pants
I love these boom yoga pants yeah fuck
guess you can never have too many yoga
pants my boat looks great in them - I
fucking love these things
Thank You Deb great okay so last but
probably not least because of its size I
have this oh it's almost as tall as me
by the way it's all it's literally
almost as tall as me and it's not like
an over I'm over it and I had to fucking
sign off for it which means great
wonderful you could get this if it kills
me
oh this is like undressing a fat chick
or something I don't know what the
fuck's going on ah oh my god it's a
fucking guitar I think it's a fucking
guitar holder I know I lied I like well
there actually is I don't know what is
this the fucking babushka oh yay oh my
god this is so fucking awesome I can't I
can't believe this like I literally I
can't think - it's fucking pink I don't
even know
oh my fucking god I can't believe it
it's just a box for the guitar okay well
whoever got me the fucking hot pink
Fender guitar I love you so very much
you are my you are my sexytime I wish I
could play something free ah and now I
have a reason start again because I have
my own guitar thank you so much thank
you everyone the fucking hentai books
the CDs it's like literally everything
has been fucking amazing from this video
hopefully the video is not going to be
too long but I can really fuckin
appreciate it and if you guys want to
send me anything up my P o box is down
in the description and all that stuff
that's pretty easy to find so so links
to my Amazon wishlist and on my Amazon
wishlist if you have something else you
want to send me that's not on my wish
list
most of this stuff wasn't on my wish
list and you guys just know me better
than like anyone else I guess that's the
pro to putting yourself out there on the
internet and being genuine i I can't
even like this is so amazing on the back
there's a little sticker that says do
not throw away which I will never throw
away thank you so much don't worry to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and make sure to check out more of my
empanada videos as well as everything
else on my blog channel and gaming
channel bye guys
