hey guys I just got finished doing two
videos one of them was the FM for this
week so that will come out on Friday
around 7:00 p.m. probably or something
and the other one is why I love Shao
Kahn so that'll be coming out on my
gaming channel really fucking soon as
soon as I get a chance to edit it
editing it is kind of going to be hard
so I have my lighting setup right now
and I'm putting my tiny iPhone tripod on
top of my real tripod for my real
camcorder and I decided I have the shit
setup so why don't I just do the vlog
here today I want to talk about my
breast augmentation or my boob job and
kind of give a little bit more insight
into why I do these body modifications
and why I don't think that it is shallow
at all or why I don't see it as
something that's Wow someone called me
in the middle of making my fucking video
anyway so it's not disrespecting my body
it's not me being insecure or anything
like that and I want to kind of give a
little insight into how I think about
things and why I do the things that I do
and why I don't see any problem with
making your body the one that you get in
your entire life the way you think is
perfect and always improving and that's
always something it's great to have
goals so basically I was a 13 when I
went into modeling school and I really
didn't like anything about modeling
school because it was all about it
focused around doing like fashion
catalogue type stuff and being tall and
being poised and being very proper and
you can't say pluck your eyebrows you
can only say tweeze your eyebrows
because that would be you know kind of
mannish and learn you had to wear these
types of high heels and do these kinds
of things and this is your summer and
this is your autumn and you can only do
certain shit you can't have the certain
hair color that I like because it
doesn't go with your skin tone and like
a bunch of like voodoo shit that to this
day I don't even follow because a lot of
it is just bullshit but I did learn a
really valuable lesson back then um is
that the tomboy things that I like like
video games and being active and all the
stuff that I like that pertains more to
men is not the only thing that I like um
I learned that I can have diverse
interests and I learned my passion for
doing makeup and I I started out getting
they gave me this like kit in modeling
school um with a bunch of like low end
makeup just to like get you started out
doing makeup and they taught you how to
do certain things and
have certain make up in such a way that
makes things geometrically look sound on
your face like you bring out your lips
more in order to make them in line with
your eyes and certain stuff and that's
when I started seeing things
scientifically about the way that you're
supposed to look um and I made my own
ideas and my own impressions from that
kind of and I was like I don't agree
with this I do agree with this I don't
agree with this I do agree with this and
it became kind of a science to me the
way I wanted to look I was like okay I
want this size of a nose and this size
of lips and this type of symmetry and it
was all just very interesting to me and
I geeked out about it the way I geek out
about like a new video game coming out
that I loved her that I got a new video
game it was like new makeup new video
games those were both very exhilarating
and exciting for me so when I was
turning 18 I decided that I want to I
wanted a boob job and the reason I came
about this is I was looking at myself
and I was like you know my body is
starting to get pretty fit because I
started working out and I learned a lot
about a personal training from going to
college simultaneously with high school
so I was taking a bunch of nutritional
classes and things that I would have to
take to get my personal training
certification and that became another
thing that I geeked out about like
having the correct portions and working
out a lot and seeing the improvements in
my body was just so fucking amazing and
exhilarating and exciting and I was like
yes
Oh more improvements this is fucking
awesome and I I got excited about that
stuff like you would get excited about
your new carburetor
new carburetor coming in to fix your car
like getting a new paint job on it and
it was just something that was really
artistic and fun to me and I was like
shaping and sculpting this like perfect
person on myself and there's nothing
more there's no canvas more important
than your own body or than your own face
and so for me it's like something that I
do for myself something that I do that
is fun for me and it's a hobby and
improving myself makes me happy and
makes me feel more energetic and I get
excited when I get something new and
it's just it's like another hobby it's
like video games it's like working on
cars it's like literally anything it's
like painting on the the card altars
that I do for magic where I draw sexy
girls on magic that's like really fun
for me just like putting on makeup is
I've never looked in the mirror and
wanted to cry because of the way I
looked I've never looked in the mirror
and been emotional about it and it might
it might stem from me not being a very
emotional person
in the first place and me seeing
everything is like scientific
proportions and like my opinion just of
how I should look just being something
that is like a vision for art it's never
been me crying that I don't look as
pretty as another girl I've never really
compared myself to other people in the
same way that I've never really had any
people that I looked up to on on a
grander scale like I would be like I
like Pamela Anderson's tits I like this
girl's nose I like this girl's face but
I never idolized anyone I was always
like I want to combine all these nice
traits that I've seen along with some
other ones that I've made up and make
this like super perfect person and
perfection is very it's like obviously
not a fact right so it's just the way
that I think and it's what I like and I
don't really care what anyone else
thinks at all if it makes me happy then
I'm happy about it and it's not going to
sway me if someone says I look too fake
or I'm you know disrespecting God or
disrespecting my body in my opinion in
my personal opinion you are
disrespecting your body if you're
ashamed of it so you don't want to show
it off if you aren't giving it the
attention it needs so that it's healthy
and if you're not making it look the way
that you want it to look like if you
envisioned your perfect self if you're
not working toward that you're
disrespecting your body and being
comfortable in your own skin is
something that's very very valuable in
life and it brings confidence about it's
just fucking amazing so right here
Nadine I was looking at my chest
proportions and I was like I have this
nice torso where like most of my fat
goes to my legs and ass and so I had
these like wide hips and I have a very
nice torso up top but my chest is just a
little bit too small in proportion the
proportion that I'll okay so people
would say that my boobs are definitely
out of proportion people would say that
for sure
um but when I look at it I like big huge
fake stuck on tits on a tiny girl and I
have you know a small frame I have like
small bones I've like really really
small wrists if you were like to grab my
wrist you would like overlap a lot
unless you're like a small girl like me
and then it would probably be the same
but um I liked that idea and I got
excited about that idea so I was like
I'm going to get a fucking boob job like
I'm gonna start researching it and see
if it's something that I want to do and
it wasn't like
something that I set in stone it wasn't
something that I like if I couldn't do
it because there were too many risks of
cry about it or I would compare myself
to girls who have perfect boobs and like
want to kill myself for being secure or
I didn't have any problems being in a
bikini I loved my body I just wanted it
to be improved the way that I thought
was you know my ideal and that's just
how it was it was never anything where I
was having like a moral dilemma in my
head so I went around and talked to a
bunch of different doctors and I did a
lot of research online like so much so
that it consumed my entire life because
I knew that this was going to be a big
decision in my life and I knew if I was
going to change something about my body
that I loved so much that it worked so
hard on I want to make sure I know
everything about it so I learned
everything that can happen badly from
Sebastia to like hematomas seroma like
everything I learned everything I
learned about capsular contracture and
all of these things that could happen
and it seemed like the things that are
possible to happen are all aesthetic
like it's all like capsular contracture
where you don't really have cleavage
anymore because you breach the gap here
and then it looks kind of weird or um
they say capsular contracture I meant
semester I don't know if I said it wrong
but in my head it's replaying wrong
anyway so that's samasya capsular
contracture is where the the capsule
around the implant hardens because it's
trying to reject it and then it just
looks a little bit hard and you have to
get a revision and everything was just
like oh you just get a revision and all
of the medical issues that you might
have like bleeding too much
etc etc we're all the same risks that
you would have if you went under
anesthesia for anything else like
literally any other thing so yes you
were putting yourself at a slight amount
of risk because you're going into
surgery but people go into surgery for
fucking wisdom teeth all the time so
you're more likely to fucking die in in
any random car ride that you have or
have any issues in any random car ride
than you have that you have then
actually going into surgery and it's not
a big risk it's not something that is
life-changing other than you know life
improving because you now look better
have more confidence you like the way
you feel and everything just seems to be
in proportion with your body and how you
want your body to be so um I decided yes
this is something I'm gonna do I went to
my first doctor was dr. Gottlieb he's
very popular in Seattle I do not
recommend him whatsoever
uh the first tip-off I got that he was
not someone I wanted to go through the
surgery with is because he said he uses
the teardrop shaped implant in every
single girl and won't go over 370 CCS
now I'm 575 CCS the fact that he thinks
that a girl with my ribcage or a girl
with a huge ribcage or like a little
Asian growth a tiny ribcage should all
have the same shape and type of implants
depending on their different preferences
and everything was just like you are
literally just going like this is what
you need yep next this is what you need
yep next and just selling the exact same
thing to the exact same girl out of
laziness because you have a lot of
clients and you have enough money and
you don't actually give a shit about
your patients and that's exactly how I
felt so I kind of stopped going to all
of the people in Seattle and realized
that I was lucky to not be in LA because
in LA doctors would probably treat me
that way as well like I'm just another
paycheck 1 out of 15 that week and it
wasn't really up to what I wanted like
he was pretty much just being like I
don't want to work extra on you to get
what you want and to do you want done
because I don't have time for this shit
you know I have enough clients fuck you
you know and I was like oh this guy's
awful so I went to my doctor that I've
had do everything on me um he's in
Montlake Terrace Washington which is
kind of a little bit out of the way he
has his own practice his own surgical
suite and he is so artistic he draws and
paints and like posts that stuff on the
wall posts on the wall
sounds like Facebook or something um he
he hangs it on the wall like his own art
and his art is beautiful and he has like
an idea of proportions and he's very
artistic about it and that's what I
loved about him he's very calm he's
obviously not like emotional or trying
to steal my money or he's just got a
very good and calm vibe from everyone
there and he was like oh you want boobs
that big well you have a really small
ribcage that's kind of risky we might
get smashed yet and I'm like okay so
there's nothing we can do and he's like
well we can go with mentor spectrums now
that's the kind of implant that I got I
was 18 or 19 at the time when I got my
implants so I couldn't get silicone
because there's a rule you have to be 22
to get silicone implants in the state of
Washington but I was fine with saline
because I touched them they were great
and he said I can go up to 575 CCS
as long as I go with mentor mentor
spectrums and mentor spectrums are like
these they're
fillable I don't know I explained I've
explained it before but they start out
like seas and then they gradually pumps
in more uhm more cc's of saline into
this little fill port underneath my boat
and we did that for a couple months and
then he removes the fill port and then
it's my natural size and they would
stretch gradually so I would have no
complications and dr. Baxter worked with
me like so much and so in depth that he
was able to get exactly what I wanted
without any like complications
whatsoever like I have zero
complications my nipples aren't
desensitized I don't have any snoopy
boobs I don't have anything like I love
my boobs they're absolutely perfect and
I love that my doctor put a little bit
of extra time in me to get them perfect
exactly the way I wanted them to so I
really appreciate that I always
recommend dr. Baxter I've had like two
or three model friends go to him I've
gotten my lips done my nose down and
literally everything with him and he's
always trying to do like even if he
disagrees and like he is more of a
doctor that wants to get the natural
look and I was like I don't like that
he's like oh you don't like that okay
let's get what you want and he made sure
I got what I wanted without ruining my
body which I really appreciate and I
didn't have to do any superfluous
surgeries to get anything corrected and
it was just wonderful and I highly
recommend it to anyone um I fuckin love
looking at my tits playing with my tits
so it's no wonder why I am not shocked
that people like to look at them and
that people like fanservice on the
internet I see no problem with that and
I feel like if you understand that every
single person is a sexual being and that
every single person you know likes to be
looked at and likes to look at other
people then all of these things that
you're doing that are superficial don't
really seem that bad anymore because you
know that you know we're all
biologically prone to looking at sexy
versions of the sex that we're attracted
to so whether you're bisexual
heterosexual gay it doesn't matter
you're gonna look and you're going to
enjoy and you're gonna want yourself to
look good and that doesn't make you a
bad person it's what's inside aside from
that that counts obviously not what you
look like in the people that judge me
based on what I look like saying that
I'm superficial because I even care what
I look like those are the people that
are superficial because they're judging
me basically based on my parents judging
a person based on something so
superficial and telling me
there's no possible way I can have any
redeem in any redeemable qualities I'm
getting crazy I bet you're fucking
talking for like three hours straight
doing these videos
but um yeah I just think it's pretty
silly and hypocritical the way people
think sometimes so that's why I've
always been so secure with myself
because for me I like the way I look and
even when I don't have everything that I
consider to be perfect like right now I
want my lips to be a little bigger still
I have you know some things with my chin
that I'd like to improve but I fucking
love the way they look and I I'm very
proud of myself for getting to this
place where I'm like getting toward my
goals and working toward goals is just
such an amazing feeling whether it's
career goals which I'm also doing you
know body goals fitness goals any goals
goals are fucking awesome getting better
at drawing whatever it is just fucking
follow it but make sure that you do so
with a rational mind because letting
emotions in and getting insecure about
things it's just it's unnecessary and I
know that's easier said than done but
you should definitely try to just work
on loving yourself before you make any
harsh decisions that change what you
look like like don't go into plastic
surgery or anything with a modeled
emotional mind like make sure you're
doing everything psychologically sound
if I can say that properly but don't let
anyone say anything bad about fake boobs
they're fucking amazing like I love fake
boobs over natural boobs if I had a real
like big boobs I would have gotten them
like reduced and then put implants in
because they're so fucking awesome they
defy gravity they're not made of fat
they're so fucking soft and bouncy it's
like the most amazing thing in the world
and I submit best investment I've ever
made best 8k I've ever spent so don't
let anyone
don't let society's misinformation or
the stigma around it or religious
zealots tell you any differently it's
fucking awesome but you should decide
that for yourself and not have me tell
you that alright guys that is a little
bit of info on my breast augmentation I
did the fnm video like I said today and
I got the best fucking gifts ever like
Oh most cried when I got like the last
one like every single one has been
amazing but you'll have to wait until
Friday to see that so thanks for
watching guys I'm sorry that these are
getting kind of long I just want to be
thorough and I'm in the talking mood
even though I'm getting tired of talking
because of how long I've been talking
I love you guys thank you for watching I
really appreciate the support and
everything that I do and I hope I've
given you a different perspective on
things and yeah bye guys there's nothing
wrong with loving yourself don't forget
that that's like the ultimate goal of
everyone is to just be comfortable with
oneself and run around naked and be like
yeah I love it and if everyone else
doesn't like it
fuck you and I think that's a good good
tone to go out on
