dude I swear I took my extensions out
and I feel bald it's like there's
nothing there your dick could totally be
like this and curved and tiny or
something so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want what's up motherfuckers guess what
we're gonna be doing today we're gonna
be doing some fucking Smasher Pass but
not just any old motherfucking Smasher
pass the 300k patreon patrons Smasher
Pass oh man this is gonna be a shit show
but if one shit show
before we get into this I want to thank
you all for getting us to 300k
congratulations guys for the 300k this
is a community effort it's not just me
who should be reaping the benefits or
celebrating about this wonderful
milestone in our wonderful channel that
we have here today we all work to get it
here from the questions you guys asked
me to the content ideas you guys give me
thank you so fucking much and to
everyone on patreon whether you're in
this masher pass or not thank you so
much for supporting my content and the
continuation of it because I make like a
hundred bucks a month on both of my
YouTube channels it's pretty sad without
you guys it would just be impossible
basically I really appreciate everything
you guys do for me and without taking up
too much time gushing and telling you
how much I love you like I do every
Friday like I do so often let's just
smash and pass some bitches a little
disclaimer before I start and this is
the last time I'm gonna say this if I'm
not attracted to you do not let that
change your self-worth in any way
everyone has their own preferences and
there's someone out there for you that
will find you beautiful if I do not all
the people in this video have consented
multiple times to having their pictures
shown to being smashed and passed and a
lot of them are close personal friends
of mine so no ill will to anyone that I
pass I don't know how many there's gonna
be but to the few that I do smash that
also doesn't give you the right to
surpass any boundaries or expect sex
obviously unless you're like one of the
people that I've mentioned that I just
want to fuck so bad like Ben Affleck or
something whether or not I would
actually smash you in real life greatly
depends on many many variables your dick
could totally be like this and curved
and tiny or something there are many
deal-breakers that I have I'm a very
picky person and not picky in like I
only like fuck boys that look like Brad
Pitt type away but in like a very odd
and unique kind of way
so again don't take it personally if I
say no to you all the patrons who sent
in their pictures I'm gonna be writing
every single one of you except for three
full-on straight-up dick pics I told you
guys if you're gonna post your dick or
any part of your nude body it has to be
with your whole body so that it doesn't
just feel like I'm gratuitously showing
a dick pic on the screen all right let's
do this this is gonna be fun this is
alphabetical order because that's how my
phone decided to download the pictures
okay so for Alex H I would say I'm on
the fence here I'm not a big fan of the
mole next to the nose but what would
sway me in the direction of smash would
be if you're actually like a military
guy because for me that's like a huge
turn-on if you're just wearing the camo
as a fashion statement I would lean more
toward pass but I'm still on the fence
and if you're wearing the camo because
you're a hunter
hard pass that's one of the most
disgusting things to me and the biggest
turn offs all right next we have ally
our ex Ally our ex is one of my most
recognizable commenters Andi comments on
all of my favorite anti sgw content I
swear I'll be like scrolling through
someone's comment section and he'll just
be there with the top comment with
something Wow so perfect
okay so Ally I'm gonna have to pass
because you're just not my type you look
like a nice fun guy you look like
someone that I would get along with also
whose hand is that on your shoulder but
as far as aesthetics just not my thing
all right next we've got a mirror okay I
don't understand why everyone does this
whole like full beard thing but then the
really really trimmed mustache to me
that just looks really bad I would
rather have like a full mustache and a
full beard also I'm gonna lean toward
the pass on this one because you look
like you have the kind of style that I
don't really like like the hip-hop
culture style and I can't see your body
at all so you could be like completely
overweight and I would have no idea this
is kind of a cool artistic picture that
when is your hat an assassin's creed hat
one thing that does make you more
attractive those the glasses beards and
glasses that's the thing I like alright
next picture is Andy okay so Andy you
look like someone who I would have
hooked up with once or something in high
school and then kind of regretted it you
look like one of the guys that would be
in like that rocker group of friends
that one of my boyfriend's was in were
they all fucking hated me and never
wanted to admit that I might be
attractive or a cool girl as of right
now I'm gonna have to say pass if you
had a really good body underneath that
shirt I would think about it also not a
fan of the greasy hair I like long hair
on guys
Griese look up dry shampoo not your
mother's dry shampoo I just hooked you
up bro just spray that shit in your hair
you're done no shower needed I wash my
hair like once every four days now
why is Armand in here okay so Armand is
the creator of a lot of shit Tara says
videos he is so fucking cute but he's
like sixteen do I go to jail if I say I
would smash you not really into guys who
look kind of Twinkie not saying you look
gay but that you look really young I'm
usually more in the guys that are my age
or older so I would probably pass but I
do think you're a very aesthetic very
adorable child let's move on before I go
to jail all right next we have Austin
Austin looks like someone that I would
play magic with to be honest one of
those guys that if he had like an
incredible ability to play magic or
something I would probably bang once and
then regret it I do a lot of banging
nerds and then regretting it
not saying that you look particularly
like a nerd but you look kind of just
like a guy you know what I'm saying I
would say that you have potential if the
body got there and the style changed a
little bit I would be okay with it it's
definitely not a hard pass but as of
right now you're not really my type
nothing's tingling and the orifices here
man a lot of passes I feel bad I knew
this was gonna happen but all in good
fun
all right next person is Daniel f you
have a cute face but you're not really
my type in terms of body type that I can
see from this picture and you kind of
look like that guy who made angsty
YouTube videos do you guys remember the
name of him he became like a murderer he
murdered a bunch of people and then
killed himself you kind of look like him
you kind of look like you could be a
choker that is to your credit by the way
that's not like a diss the funniest
thing about that guy who murdered a lot
of people and then killed himself and
complained about never having a girl or
whatever you guys should watch his
videos by the way really creepy he's a
really psychotic misogynist but he
really does look like the kind of guy
the girls would go for anyway I guess
I'm gonna have to pass on Daniel F as
well all right next to me I'm Darren
Darren I am loving your eyebrows and I'm
loving your beard if you just grow out
the beard and mustache a little bit more
you might actually be a smash it depends
on how your body looks it's really hard
for me to tell based just on the face
because obviously the body is so
important to me as well as how
intelligent the person is and if they're
funny and shit like that it's all a
bunch of variables that can add up to a
smash or a pass so here I'm gonna say
let's smash it but if the body is not
good I retract it smash it then retract
it feminists like to do that they call
it rape even though they consented the
day before next we have de nuit
okay so des knew he already knows that I
would not have sex with him but I want
to say on top of being one of my best
friends the new guy I actually think you
have a really strikingly interesting and
handsome look I feel like if you
actually reached your goals of putting
on a ton of muscle you would be highly
attractive next we have Derek Derek I
like your style but I'm personally not
into it I hate it when guys have a
little bit of peach fuzz on the face and
it looks like you have a mustache when
you don't it's just like stubble that
drives me crazy it's a very pubescent
boy look it's like oh I'm starting to
grow some hairs it's a really shitty
bearded mustache but I'm not at the
stage yet where I realize I'm self-aware
enough to shave because it looks so bad
I don't really like that also you look
really sad I don't know I feel like if
you sent me a picture where you're like
ah fuck my dick bitch maybe I would be
more inclined to say smash as long as
the body is as good as the face not ugly
just not hot to me alright guys you know
Diana is gonna be a hard smash she is
definitely one of the sexiest girls I
know and oh my god I'm hungry all of a
sudden probably hungry for that ass
Thank You Diana for allowing me to use
this picture and show you off to all the
guys her and her man are both pretty hot
would smash from both of you next we
have Emily and I want to thank all of
the girls who sent in pictures too
because being a bisexual it would be
really sad if I was just going through a
ton of guys Emily smash you got the
blonde hair you got the blue eyes to get
the cute like pouty little kind of like
that weeaboo white girl look that I like
it's like the next best thing to the hot
bombshell look and the next best thing
to a Japanese girl which are my two
favorites however if the body doesn't
match with the face which I think it
would because as I can see there it
looks like you're wearing Tara Babcock
merch hashtag tear Babcock merch then
maybe I would change my ruling but as it
stands right now pot would smash alright
next we've got Gary T this is what I'm
talking about if you send me a silly
selfie we're all soapy and you're
smiling like a crazy person I'm much
more inclined to get good vibes from
your picture but unfortunately not my
body type favorites and I can't see your
face or your dick to judge so I'm gonna
have to pass
oh my god George sent in a picture
George my mortal enemy and quit lash my
literal mortal enemy in any fucking
viewer games or subscriber games no
George I will not smash you I feel like
if George had
different Asian eyes and looked a little
bit taller it would be a smash it's
still George I'm gonna have to pass
maybe I'm just salty because I can never
win any games against him
Gio sent in a picture she is a hottie
easy smash all right high key sent in
this pic and is he wearing a thong I'm
gonna have to pass not my ideal body
type and I can't unsee that it looks
like you're wearing a thong I love you
though high key I love you
next we've got Ian G now Ian gia has a
decent body he's got a cute face I'm not
a fan of the way he does his facial hair
and the style of his hair but I cannot
smash I cannot because Ian you look so
much like my least favorite porn star
Kieran Lee doesn't he look like hearing
Lee oh I fucking hate Kieran Lee oh the
passion it's awful
you are definitely more attractive than
Kieran Lee because you're not Kieran Lee
but still the resemblance is Oh Pass
pass it's just a visceral reaction not
saying you're a bad looking dude I'm
sure a lot of girls in the comment
section I'm gonna be like you're crazy
you should smash Jacob J i'ma say smash
he's got that like kind of German look
to him almost like a German military man
or something it's got some muscle on him
albeit a little bit of fat but I
actually prefer the powerlifter look to
the bodybuilder look usually unless the
power lifter look is just like a fat guy
you're just not the cuttest ever which
is kind of how I like them ergo
smash oh shit it's John from sketching
hands aka the person who makes all of my
wonderful Dusen's I feel like the
moustache and the beard there are a
little bit sparse I would rather see
like a full beard on you and then when
it comes to afros I like really
perfectly kept afros kind of like a
hedge or if you're gonna go for ethnic
hair I would say more like dreadlocks on
a black dude black dudes are also the
only ethnicity they can get away with
like a cleanly shaven full shaven head
it's kind of funny because the only
other exceptional make for a fully
shaven head is like a neo-nazi look so
black guys neo-nazis those are the only
two but I feel like you need to refine
your look in order for me to say smash
also I want to see what that body like
all right so we've got Joseph or Yosef
I'm not sure which but are you Native
American you have these like a long
beautiful flowing locks and then the
kind of like Texas Native American thing
that
we're too close their shirt I don't know
what that's called
so Joseph in his email he's said to
roast him and to critique him roast me
senpai I shall love the hair you should
use anti-frizz on it though I like the
outfit I like the tie thing but I feel
like in this picture you're probably
staring at a flash or something cause I
can't even tell what color your eyes are
like the eyebrows but I do feel like you
could lose a little bit of weight or
maybe put on a beard or something to go
with that hair then maybe you would be
closer to a smash otherwise great teeth
great smile and I like your style it's
very non conformist in a not
non-conforming way like the goth kids
from South Park or something it's not
like that it's just different and
interesting all right next we have
Joshua not a fan of the short beard and
the well-kept groomed whatever mustache
as I said before I prefer either no
beard or a long beard you're an
attractive guy but that and the slightly
gummy smile which is a pet peeve of mine
making a pass I feel like this is
another one of those passes that a lot
of girls would disagree with me on it's
such a shame that you have such a thick
beard even when it's so short that
you're not growing it out you know Cadia
smash of course a sexy little fucking
kam girl I would tear that Asian bitch a
new asshole you ever need another hole
to stick a dildo in call me I find Keith
a attractive I would say he's a smash
but for some reason on him because he
has a little bit of a widow's peak I'm
not a huge fan of the short hair I
already know you have a nice dick and
some pretty fucking eyes you have a
really nice full chin too Kevin
aka Mel Kuras you do seem to have a
wedding ring on your finger so smash
just kidding I don't just like actively
go after guys that are married you've
got a nice face you got good attitude
but the body's just not cutting it and
the facial hair and hairstyle again it's
a very typical reason why I would pass
on guys not having enough muscle to
counteract the amount of body fat you
have and the short crew-cut haircuts all
things I don't like that much on guys
okay so Kimmy sent me this picture and
in Kimmy's message she says that her
boyfriend thinks I'm a bad influence and
a slut Kimmy I would smash so if you
ever want to leave your boyfriend's hit
me up I'm not gonna judge other people
for their life choices and to Kimmy's
boyfriend I'm a steal yo bitch Katina
aka Dori Rado I act
don't know how to say your second
pseudonym Dori which was the first one I
knew of yours I personally think that
this is the worst picture of Katina I've
ever seen but I would still bang the
shit out of her if I didn't know what
she looked like otherwise super hot
super cool chick and on behalf of
everyone who's watching this video thank
you for sharing this picture with us
Luisa oh my god
Oh Luisa looks like okay you guys know
Robbie I think is his name I've never
watched the show
izombie though the Indian dude in
iZombie Raul Kohli this is real name he
is so hot and his girlfriend looks
exactly like you Luisa and I've always
wanted to have a threesome with them I
feel like good girl looking redheads are
starting to be a thing of mine as well
so definitely smash for those two
reasons also a nice picture a cute smile
now we just need an Indian guy that can
play Robbie Mikayla smash I don't even
have to see which pictures does that
mean just smash smash because you're
fucking adorable smash because you play
video games smash because you take
artistic selfies with the same phone
case that I have just smash but not only
smash we can also play games alright
next we have Matt I'm gonna say pass
this is a really bad picture though like
terrible lighting you're just like
accentuating bad features of your face
but on top of that since I can kind of
negate that with my wonderfully
sophisticated eye for lighting and
photography I'm still not a fan of the
haircut I hate that haircut on white
guys I hate it so much I hate that
haircut on most people it always makes
our faces look like mr. Potato Head
but I'm also not a fan of like how
serious you look like I don't give a
fuck I get my forehead wrinkles and
that's like hot when you're like 12 or
something you'll know what I'm talking
about
pure examples that's just how you take a
guy selfie but then some guys take it to
the next level and they just look
completely unfriendly so I'm gonna have
to pass
Mateo what is this tiny fucking picture
I don't even know what's going on in
this picture are you in Washington DC
I like the nerdy look I don't like the
overly gelled hair look it looks like
you're overly gelling your curls but I
like your style otherwise but unless you
got at a rocking bod underneath there
I'd have to say pass I think if you did
have a rockin bod though it would be a
smash love nerdy looking guys that take
off their clothes and they reveal that
they've been working out max B I'm sorry
but this is a terrible selfie
I cannot unsee it and I'm not attracted
to you Pass I don't know what you're
doing in this picture but I feel
you don't look hideous you're making
yourself look pretty silly
don't worry though when I was younger I
was also an offender Melanie smash hot
blonde easy
Jason aka Mattel Ystad okay so are you
playing bass I can't I can't tell on my
phone the pictures like really small I
feel like it like your beard a lot I
just wish you kind of had more on the
sides and didn't like trim it so that it
was a lot here and then nothing you kind
of have like a Serj Tankian vibe and
Serj Tankian has something sexy about
him but it's also a turn-off hard to
explain I know I feel like you could get
me to do things if I watched you play on
stage there's a few things about your
hair and your facial hair style that I
would change smash if I'm drunk good
thing we didn't go to that Pink Floyd
concert before I moved right maybe bad
thing for you I don't know alright so
Mike looks like the typical fuck boy no
offense Mike you look you just look like
a fuck boy pretty fucking boars are not
my thing so another one that a lot of
girls are gonna disagree with me on
probably the one that they're gonna
disagree with me on the most because you
look charming and you have nice facial
features and you know how to take a
selfie and you know how to dress and you
have a nice chin and nice lips but my
pelvis just retracts within itself when
I see people who look like fuck boys and
who look like they listen to rap so pass
with a heavy heart because I feel like
everyone needs to fuck a fuck-boy
even straight men Nicholas else dodge
amazing body smash even though you're a
little bit short also thank you for
being the first person to ever make a
shit Tara says video but fuck your
obsession with destiny it's a shit game
a shit game I say and right underneath
him is another person who I adore I
affectionately call him my BBC who
creates shit Tara says videos and loves
destiny oh we grow better beards get a
better hairstyle and lose that wait
until then pass but you already know
this also I hear you're fucking all on a
white woman in New York anyway so you
don't need me I'm nice yeah you look
Jewish I don't know why but from what I
can tell from your body you're not
really my type you do have like a sweet
nice cute looking face though so while
I'm gonna pass I'm gonna say this isn't
a bad picture you don't have a bad face
Peka Peka Peka Peka
baby my favorite mod and one of my best
friends in Tara Babcock merch of course
well your finish and that's a plus cuz I
like foreign dudes and I like flirting
with you a lot but I'm not sure that I
would
mashie you got a solid dick no pun
intended great taste in music but I
think you could stand to lose a little
body fat and to do something a little
bit different with your hair
otherwise it's all up to the chemistry
but right now I'm gonna say if I didn't
know all these things about you I would
pass ray I cannot stand
I cannot stand your mustache I'm sorry
ray I'm gonna have to pass you have
pretty eyes but the contrast of you
having almost no eyebrows no hair on
your head and then this like well-kept
beard and like really too well-kept
mustache Lee are you shaving on top of
your mustache so I'm gonna pass you're
not ugly your facial hair is ugly all
right this is the point in the video
that even though I said I'm only gonna
say it one more time I want to remind
you guys that you should keep your
styles you should do what looks good to
you there's someone out there who's
gonna like you exactly the way that you
are these are just my personal opinions
which in the grand scheme of things is
just for entertainment purposes and
should not mean shit to you and your
self esteem all of you guys are highly
supportive really fucking amazing to me
a lot of you guys are my good friends we
create together and it's with a heavy
heart that I do not want to fuck all of
you each and every one of you all right
bro
we've got Raul okay okay so in his
message he said that he was just trying
to make me laugh or something to that
effect I'm paraphrasing obviously but
honestly I would smash like I'm a broad
right not like I'm a bimbo or whatever
the synonym for broad would be but like
I'm I'm overseas and I'm staying in this
like fancy-schmancy like French hotel or
something built in like the Renaissance
and I walk downstairs and there's Raul
sitting in the chair like that and it's
like milady just come fuck me how could
I say no smash and I don't mean that
jokingly I'm not trying to under
handedly give you a disk by saying smash
like literally smash like how can you
not smash this alright we've got Ryan
Ryan distinctively looks European is
wearing a rock band shirt which is like
yay gaming shirt but uh it's rock band
and it's not like I wouldn't play it but
it's like if you're gonna have a shirt
why do you have a rock band shirt it's
like having a Minecraft shirt like your
hairstyle you have a sweet smile but I'm
gonna say that I would pass he's like he
looks like that nice guy who instead of
being an asshole and complaining that
nice guys finish last cuz they're boring
and not it's
to be nice but that nice guys are
usually boring and fake as evidenced by
the fact that they complain and call
people bitches and whores for not
fucking nice guys but he genuinely looks
like a nice guy that you should fuck
because he's a nice guy and he's gonna
take care of you and he's gonna please a
woman
Ryosuke Jamie not a fan of the facial
hair if I were to say smash you would
have to lose quite a bit of weight but I
love your shirts the fascia layer why do
people do this like barely their facial
hair
Sarah Rose why didn't she use roses on
your pussy and stuff is that an owl
tattoo or a totem pole I really should
have thought this through before I did
this on my phone not a fan of the body
type or the way that the boobs look in
this picture even though if they're
natural they do look good for big
naturals I'll give you that so I'm gonna
pass thank you for sending me a
provocative picture though love those
sherry my girl sherry good friend of
mine her husband's also that ass too I
don't know what your husband looks like
though weird tell Mooney he needs to
post pics places cherry are one of the
big boobies natural boobie girls so
don't like big natural boobs it takes a
lot for me to like big natural boobs so
I'm gonna pass but I totally wouldn't
say no to being a part of an orgy that
you're in and I think you're a fucking
bad-ass Steve aka Barney I've always
thought that you looked like an author I
just never told you you're a little bit
too old for me so I'm gonna pass but out
of all the guys that I consider too old
for me you are a very handsome one and
you look very well-read like an author I
don't know how to explain it
storm nor you remind me of like Louie CK
and karl Pilkington and they had a
lovechild also love your grammar shirts
that's like an almost smash right there
but the whole like beard thing and the
fact that I can't see your body but it
looks like you could stand to lose a
little bit of weight I'm gonna pass I
like your eyes and your eyebrows though
I feel like so many guys in this list
have really strong eyes and eyebrows the
new kid not to be confused with the new
guy pretty eyes but blue-eyed white guys
are not really my thing don't like the
beard don't like the way you keep your
hair and not a big fan of the ears not
an unattractive guy but just not my type
so pass okay Travis our traps are looks
like a game developer to be honest he
looks like a guy who would have a game
on IndieGoGo or something doesn't he
love his shirts love his smile
if you weren't so hairy I would be
inclined to say smash I feel like he's
the kind of guy that if he had a YouTube
channel that made me laugh or he had
something really extraordinary about him
that I really liked aside from his looks
I would probably smash him but he also
kind of reminds me of this guy that I
used to play magic with that I
absolutely despise something about his
smile and the way that his ears and eyes
are that guy was really unattractive
Travis is like 10 times hotter than that
guy if you weren't hairy it would be a
smash we've got three left
Troy Troy smash just just like a
standard smash I guess
now like oh my God he's so hot smash
body's pretty good but other than that
he's not really my type but he looks
charismatic and fun so why not wear
Bravin ends to smash mmm now don't be
fooled by warp Ravens hair color she's
not a raving bitch feminist look the
alternative look on girls when it
doesn't come with like a bitchy attitude
or a fake love for metal music and Zac
you look like a guy that five years ago
I would have taken the virginity from
kamilly tell from this picture but to be
safe I'm gonna go with the pass I feel
like you could be a smash you look like
one of those guys who's kind of nerdy a
virgin until he's like 18 or something
and you look like you would be good at
choking or you would be inclined to be a
little violent in bed with the right
girl you look kind of cute do you have a
dog is that a dog or is that a blanket
I'm just not a fan of guys that have I
don't know how to explain it but their
lips are cut they're small and then kind
of in like this part of the mouth I'm
looking at my viewfinder like this part
of the mouth and this part is a little
bit fluffier than the lips themselves
and the reason I'm not a fan of that is
because my next-door neighbor Chris that
I grew up with and I consider to be a
brother has that and it's like whoa
that's my brother kind of feeling I
don't know the glasses are what make it
almost a smash like a virginity taking
smash watch does that be like a complete
pussy Slayer he's like what it fucked
like 40 bitches all right guys thank you
so much for your good sportsmanship this
was all in good fun all for
entertainments obviously my assertions
can change depending on new information
changes in the Styles over the body
shapes that I've talked about and I just
really want to thank all the patrons for
not only supporting me helping me get to
this place where I have 300k subscribers
but also feeling comfortable enough with
themselves to send in a picture and
whether it's smash or whether it's past
they're strong enough individuals to
allow me to be on
something that's pretty unheard of
because truthfully how many subscribers
smashin passes are truly honest and also
take every submission and don't skip
over people I hope I hurt no one's
feelings but if I did remember you're
stronger than that it doesn't matter
what I think all that matters is what
you think I'm not gonna be the person
that you fall in love with and spend the
rest of your life with obviously so find
that person who's physical assessment of
you you should care about and for
everyone else in the comment section who
wasn't a part of this who feels the need
to say that I was rude or it's mean to
do this so don't waste your time being
offended for other people the people who
enter this aren't offended you're
probably one of those white people who
gets offended for black people aren't
you love you guys love each and every
one of you whether I smashed or pass you
so much and everyone else who watched
this video or who's a patron of mine and
didn't submit thank you so much
the 300k question or dare will be up
soon it just takes a lot of planning a
lot of editing I love you guys I hope
you enjoyed this and I'll see you in the
next video give yourselves a hug and a
pat on the back from me for getting us
to 300k you fucking rock your turn guys
would you smash or pass Eve love you
love you guys too
