hey guys today I wanted to do a vlog
about bullying and confidence um I
talked about this before on my watch
channel but that was back when I didn't
have the production quality that I have
now and I didn't have a viewership that
I have now so I wanted to go over it
again and while I was doing my makeup I
have a lot more makeup on than usual as
you can see i'm contouring and all that
stuff because i'm going somewhere at 1pm
but first i'm going to stream but now
i'm going to make a vlog so um i had a
lot of time to do makeup and i was
thinking about my past and growing up
and I was thinking about the bullying
situations that I've had and I was also
thinking about something that I went
over on my stream a couple days ago and
that was something that day 9 actually
said to me day 9 is a starcraft
personality he also does some other
stuff and we were pretty close friends
for a while but he said that he found
out the hard way that if you're just
like really confident about something no
matter what it is even if it's something
nerdy like you know video games are
playing D&D or you know playing Magic
the Gathering it doesn't matter as long
as you have charisma as long as you have
confidence as long as you really sell
yourself and what you're doing then
people will kind of feel drawn to you
and feel the same way and they're not
going to bother you as much because they
don't feel like you are you know you're
not socially inept anymore you're kind
of like the charismatic nerd that
everyone likes and everyone revolves
around and has respect for and that's
kind of how everyone sees day 9 like
even if they um are cooler than them and
not into gaming they're like all day 9
is a cool guy yeah and he has a lot of
friends in very different places because
he is that kind of person who can sell
that kind of charisma and I learned that
too but I never put it into the words
like he did so it was really refreshing
and nice to hear that from him when he
told me that and when we were talking
about that a couple years ago because uh
that's how I felt my entire life I did
not have the experience growing up that
a lot of people would assume I had I was
not a rich I was not the popular pretty
girl in school I was like a slightly
overweight chubby girl who
only had guy friends and did not
understand the things that people were
into so when I was really young let's
say elementary school maybe early middle
school the things that I liked were Pink
Floyd was my favorite type of music I
was really into Monty Python and any
time in class we would have one of those
show-and-tell days where we would talk
about our favorite actors or whatever
people would be talking about the the
newest and latest cartoon or movie or
cool movie that everyone was seeing and
I would be like John Cleese is my
favorite actor and to this day I still
will say that because he um is one of
the people who solidified my personality
and my sense of humor and I just fucking
love BBC like a lot of my humor from BBC
um as well as Fawlty Towers I think
Fawlty Towers is actually better than
Monty Python in a way um monty python
has a lot of really good gems like wink
wink nudge nudge and all that stuff and
um the parrot dying and everything I
fucking have like the box set of both
but Fawlty Towers is just from beginning
to end fucking hilarious and I really
wish that it was a longer series but
anyway um so when people would ask me
about those things I would be like yeah
that's my favorite it's fucking awesome
you guys should watch it sometime and
the fact that I acted that way about it
people flocked to me and even if I was
like kind of weird to people or people
would consider me weird they would
everyone knew me and I was popular and I
had a lot of friends because I was like
that and I would show my friends this
and all my friends were guys obviously
because little boys love video games and
I was a spoiled only child and I don't
know what it was when I was growing up
that made me so comfortable with myself
and so confident I think it was probably
the fact that I was a spoiled only child
and my parents told me you know you know
do what you love and showed me all these
cool things and I had a lot of stuff at
home so if I brought a friend over it
would be like whoa it's so cool you are
spoiled and have all these things I love
hanging out with you because you know we
can play any board game or play any
video game and you have it oh you're so
much more fortunate than me and your
parents are really cool and laid back
and chill and all that and that's
probably what made me who I am today the
fact that they didn't they didn't
shelter me they didn't try to force
little kid things on me they kind of
just treated me like a friend and I was
really close to my dad too because my
dad introduced me to
Jungians my mom and my dad both
introduced me to video games before I
could even fucking walk like that's what
I was doing and that was my favorite
thing and I had a whole separate room in
our house was dedicated to video games
and had like a rack with like two
different tvs and all the consoles and
the games were in like books and night
like a big book of video games and then
cartridges like the stacks of cartridges
that you would put and like the
cartridge holder and like a weird Carter
told her we would slip cartridges in
there and I have pretty much everything
and I was spoiled as fuck and I loved it
now would invite boys over and we would
hang out and back then it wasn't really
about looks obviously because boys
weren't as into girls and you know the
politics of high school wasn't really
kicking in yet but when I got into
middle school it was kind of a weird
phenomenon like some of the boys that I
would hang out with became part of the
nerd community so they wouldn't talk to
me anymore because they thought that I
was selling out when really i was still
owning the things that I loved loving
the same things that they loved but they
felt like somehow I had abandoned them
because I got more popular it's really
weird it sucked when I got into high
school and I realized that all of my old
best friends who we never had qualms who
never had any problems we still enjoyed
the same things but they were hating on
me and acting like I was some kind of
stuck-up bitch when I wasn't at all and
I was always nice to them it was very
odd um but my best friend growing up was
named Chris he was my next door neighbor
and we played video games today or today
we playing video games every single day
and when we got into middle school was
the first time we actually went to the
same school he was a year older than me
so he was a great higher than me but we
had our lockers right next to each other
and I remember I was talking to Chris
one morning and then he left and one of
my popular friends came up and was like
why the hell do you talk to that guy i
don't like why the fuck would i not talk
to that guy and he's like he's a nerd
and I'm like so am i he's like yeah but
you're a cool nerd and that makes you
not a nerd and I'm like no it doesn't my
social skills is not what makes me not a
nerd like maybe in the derogatory sense
where nerd just means socially an apt to
retard or something but like I like the
exact same things we are almost the same
person because we grew up together how
why am I cooler than him just because I
can express it better just because I own
it just because I love it and like one
of the things that happened when I was
in elementary schools Pokemon came to
the US and there
the Pokemon series was on TV pokemon
cards were like here the first edition
we're like I think they had it earlier
in your in Japan but it was just
becoming a thing here in you in the US
and I fucking loved Pokemon and everyone
was like what the fuck is Pokemon I'm
like let me show you what pokemon is it
i would like fucking love that shit and
i went to pokemon card tournaments with
my dad my dad was always um the biggest
supporter of my nerd habits because he
was into it too and he and I would both
play and we had decks and we would try
to compete for the badges and it was
like the best time of my life and I
would see kind of going off topic here
but I would see like the magic nerds
over at the other table and I'm like
whoa that's so cool my dad was like well
I don't know if you can handle that kind
of complexity right now and I was like I
would really love to do that and they
had the Wizards of the coast stores
which really had like brick overlays on
the outside and look really fucking cool
and had the Wizards logo and wizards is
the printer of their the distributor of
Pokemon in the u.s. so they had that and
they had magic tournaments in their
stores and I was AG one day I'm gonna
play magic and be a badass one day I'm
gonna play D&D and be a badass but back
then I stuck to Pokemon and nobody no
pokemon was and it was like the nerdy
thing to do and they're like what the
hell is that why are you doing that I'm
like I fucking love it it's amazing look
how cute it is and then I got my friends
into it and I would have liked parties
and i remember in middle school when it
did start to kick in when there was a
popular group of the stereotypical you
know popular girls right I felt like I
was missing out one time and I had a
mutual friend like my best girlfriend
was best friends with a popular girl
right and her name was Misha and Misha
had a birthday party and she invited me
just cuz and I was like sure whatever so
I go and all it is is people jumping up
and down dancing to britney spears hit
me baby one more time which had just
come out recently around that time and i
was like sitting there like what are
these fucking imbeciles doing i felt so
different on a different wavelength than
these girls these girls that were just
you know eating up whatever stupid pop
shit came out of the time I loved Pink
Floyd and they asked me like what music
do you like I don't like Pink Floyd like
what the fuck is that I'm like well it's
not fucking pop crap and like so they
started disliking me because I didn't
have the same
interest as them and they kind of sorted
alienating me at the party and I'm like
that's fine I called my mom like I want
to go home they're like yeah we didn't
want you here anyway we were just gonna
bring you here to make fun of you I'm
like okay I just never talk to them
again right and for a long time Misha
and her friends were like a bitch to me
and I just was like okay I don't care
and I feel like to someone who was not
raised as I was or someone who didn't
wasn't able to just be confident in all
the things that she likes and be excited
about the things that she likes openly
and I was just like I was more mature
than everyone my age I was better so I
was more well-spoken than everyone I had
more friends you know than any of the
nerd people and I think that alienated
the nerds and the fact that I was
different alienated the popular people
so I had my own group of friends usually
um people who weren't into the same
thing as me but they thought I was
really cool he looked up to me because I
was so open and so that's kind of how my
middle school went and there were guys
that I liked that dated Misha like my
bet one of my best guy friends name was
Omar and he really liked Misha but he
didn't get along with Misha he was just
attracted to her and thought she was
pretty and so he dated her and he would
always bitch to me about her um and talk
about how I'm like the best guy friend
or whatever and like that kind of sucked
for a while that I was the tomboy that
couldn't really get the guy because I
wasn't like girly enough or whatever but
I didn't care I had friends I was happy
and the chase is always more fun than
the actual catch right and the middle
school you don't really need a boyfriend
but it was nice because I started
getting the attention I was like really
sexual little girl or not little girl
but a teenager teenage girl preteen
whatever um and I got the attention of
the cute rocker boys the cute nerd boys
I was perfectly fine in that area if the
jocks didn't like me if the popular guys
weren't into me they were all my friends
because I thought it was cool but anyway
I get into high school early in high
school and um my two best friends were
Cassie and Chad and Cassie and Chad were
both kind of nerdy Cassie uh came from a
really poor family and she was like this
cute little blonde girl she was even
shorter than me and i'm 5-4 so she was
like 51 and she really looked up to me
and chad was like really like he was
super nerdy like he would play D&D and
the library and I don't give a fuck I've
never played D&D but I didn't give a
fuck i thought it was really cool i was
like whoa you're cool and all his
friends hated me but we were like best
friends and they wanted me to teach them
how to be cooler or whatever because I
dressed you know cooler and had more
money so I would go on we I spent some
of my money buying them some Abercrombie
clothes to make them look preppy and
then that's when Chad got preppy and got
popular and got into the football team
it because he was like really tall he
was like 64 so he had 64 Chad and then
there was me at 54 and then there was
Cassie who's 51 and these were like my
two best friends and that and then all
of a sudden after high school when I
started modeling and then when I got
even more popular i guess you would say
Kathy started hating me and Cassie
became a totally different person and
and she started like calling me a slut
and stuff and it was like what the hell
I don't understand like why these people
are acting like I'm against them when
I'm the same person is then it's so
stupid the social status fucks you up
like that but basically I'm just telling
my story now not actually giving you any
advice on how to not get bullied but the
basic point and it's easier said that
it's definitely easier said than done is
to just be confident in the things that
you like and know that you like them for
a reason try out other things like try
going and hanging out with the popular
girls and then find out for yourself if
that's not the kind of crowd you want to
be in and find out why and then be
confident in that fact love yourself
find reasons to love yourself find
things like little quirks or little
personality traits that make you special
because being different and being weird
is so much fucking better than being
exactly the same and trying to conform
for some kind of soup stupid like high
school social status bullshit because
none of that fucking shit matters once
you get out of high school none of that
fucking shit matters once you leave
whatever stupid job you're at where
people are putting you down or whatever
fucking stupid reason learn it to be a
fucking getting loud outside some
assholes fucking mowing the lawn anyway
but won't the stuff that makes you happy
and don't let anyone tell you otherwise
like explore different options and just
be happy with yourself if someone calls
you fat and you're not fat just brush it
off someone calls you fat and you are
fat and you want to change that just be
like it doesn't matter I'm changing it
so what I'm fat right now if you don't
want to change it be like I like fucking
food
if I didn't have food in life I wouldn't
be happy so fuck you I care more about
eating a lot of good food then I do
about being healthy and fit and
attractive that's my prerogative fuck
off and that's just that it's just what
you have to understand to not be
believed and often times you you have to
kind of understand why people bully in
order to not let it affect you and I
talked about this on stream too but like
knowing that people will get on the
internet and bully you because they've
had a bad day or because they know
people like you and those people were
terrible so they're trying to like push
that on you you've got to understand
that the people who bully you on the
internet are the people who bully you
don't know you and are just doing it
based on some stereotype or they're
doing it because they're having a bad
day and often the people who are bullied
are people who have bad lives themselves
and they're trying to bring you down to
their level because they don't know how
to process things emotionally they're
not happy with themselves and if they
are happy with themselves they're drunk
on power and they're just asking you
signor that shit they don't know you
personally they're not you they don't
have any say over your life so just
leave it alone right so there's
something else that's going to talk
about
was it some other situation of bullying
oh yeah when I was in Middle School okay
when I was in Middle School I had a
boyfriend named Casey he's my first
boyfriend ever he was guy lost my
virginity to when I was 12 he was 12 as
well and it was my idea so none of that
like Oh older guy pressured you into it
you're a little slut a river but I was
much more mature than anyone my age
everyone else thought sex was like taboo
or like people were into girls like I
hear people i get see in the comments
people saying like oh my god when i was
12 i wasn't even into girls or I'm 12
and I'm not into girls everyone was into
girls in my middle school like that was
a thing people were dating that was fine
but nobody was having sex and I was
because I wanted to because I felt ready
because I liked it because I enjoyed it
because it was fun and I was safe and
that's all that mattered and people
found out about that and it was the talk
of the fucking school I was the slut who
stopped her boyfriend's dick and
everyone hated me people wanted to like
beat me up to which made no fucking
sense but at the same time I was so
popular but for bad reasons so I had my
own friends who didn't care and I had my
sidekicks and my girlfriends and my guy
friends who I played video games with
and they didn't care and I had my
boyfriend who loved me a lot and didn't
care and he was like the sweetest boy in
the world um and I just kind of brush
that shit off to me it was like you're
saying bad things about me to try to
hurt my feelings but these are just
factual things that I did and I own up
to and I think they're normal and I
enjoyed it so why the fuck would I be
sad and I know it's really hard to just
say laugh it off like i was talking to
another friend who thought it was stupid
to tell people to just laugh things off
instead of getting offended um but I
really feel like that is such an
integral part of being confident with
yourself is understanding why people do
things understanding why you shouldn't
give a shit and loving yourself and
getting over the hurdle of loving
yourself is probably the hardest part
I've never really had a problem with it
but everyone says that it's the hardest
part so I'm just going to take their
word for it I think that finding out
what you love finding out who you are
finding out your flaws and then working
to change them or you know loving your
flaws and telling people to fuck off who
say that they are flaws like all of
those things are just very important so
don't let anyone bring you down I
fucking told off so many bullies I've
bullied so many bullies I've protected
my friends or like nerds I don't even
know
oh I fucking love everything nerdy in
the nerd community I don't think that
should be a derogatory term I think it
should be something that you own up to
and that you love and I think you should
find your own reason to be charismatic
and outgoing and your own group of
people who respect you for who you are
and everyone else could just go fuck
themselves so yeah hopefully um this
little interesting flashback of mine has
been helpful to you or interesting post
in the comments if you've had any
experiences bullies and then you know
tell them to fuck off and sometimes it's
not as easy to tell them to fuck off I'm
talking more about emotionally being
bullied than physically being bullied
and I hope none of you are going through
that I hope that there's someone you
could talk to you or some way that you
can get rid of them but uh yeah I'll see
you guys later and when I go stream now
i have an appointment at one o'clock
it's not really an appointment it's more
like a casting call but yeah wish me
luck bye guys oh I have to take a there
we go like
