hey guys I thought today we would talk a
little bit about bondage but first I am
going to talk to you guys about Father's
Day Father's Day happened yesterday but
for me it was today I woke up at like
8:00 p.m. on Father's Day and then went
to my parents house at like 10:00 or
11:00 and again I got my dad this like
it's like one of those Swiss Army knives
but it was engraved best dad in the
world or something like that Bob Babcock
and he seemed to like it I don't know
every time I buy my parents something I
they always don't use it or they don't
need it not only feel like they need
anything they don't have a kid at home
anymore so they're just like buying
iPads and computers and video games and
like they have a Wii U I don't have a
Wii U it's fucking stupid but that's
pretty much what they're doing now that
I don't live at home or I haven't lived
at home for a while but it feels like
just yesterday I graduated high school
moved out bought my own place you know
I'm saying but anyway um so I feel like
every time I buy them something they
don't really need it and then they end
up just like being like yeah thanks so I
started buying my mom like collectible
things like teddy bears she collects
beanie babies and I also started making
them things and they really seemed to
appreciate more when I make them things
then when I actually go out and buy them
something they don't really seem to like
it and I used to buy things for my mom
her garden and stuff she gardens a lot
so those are the things I used to do but
now I just kind of like okay I have a
really good idea for a present for them
and I think I told you guys about it
before mom and dad if you're watching
stop watching right now I'll give you
like three seconds three two one yeah
they occasionally watch my blogs it is a
true fact
but anyway um I'm gonna make them I'm
gonna take a bunch of magic cards and
put like I'm gonna alter them over
certain magic cards that make sense like
cruel sadist and black cat won't be like
our cat's my mom likes cats a lot and
always has a cat so stuff like that I
also got to see Clymer which is a cat
that I grew up with well we had two cats
when I was growing up and climber is
getting old he's 17 years old and he
used to be a fat cat because my mom
would feed him like mini pancakes she
always fucking does that she fattens up
her cats but um shado died and then we
had climber and climber has a
pancreatitis so we don't feel like he's
going to live very much longer and
that's like really sad that's why I
can't have a pet
my own it's like impossible but anyway
um it was nice to see them and I got a
bunch of stuff for a video that I'm
gonna be making around the holiday
season so you guys probably won't
remember this when I do the video but
it's like a fuck ton of holiday swag
like earrings I'm actually wearing a
pair of the earrings right now I don't
usually wear earrings um and just a
bunch of stuff you'll see I just wait
until December or end of November I
guess but anyway um bondage so I did a
video sex head video called BDSM can be
fun or some shit like that I don't
remember the fucking title but um I
wholeheartedly believe that the BDSM
community and bondage and all that stuff
is really fucking cool there's nothing
wrong with it and it sucks that there's
like a social stigma and uneasiness
around it and that people think that
it's unhealthy or wrong or that people
are actually getting injured when
they're performing it the way that it
was intended to be performed cuz it's
not it's safe they're very normal people
who just enjoyed different releases and
fetishes everyone has a fetish whether
or not they want to admit it um so
that's kind of my little disclaimer here
I will never say anything bad about the
BDSM community I've had friends in the
modeling industry that are very into
that that are like dominatrixes or go to
certain clubs or go to certain events
and / take in that kind of stuff all the
fucking time but for me it's really not
for me
and I don't know how to explain why it's
not for me really but I'm going to try
so um it's hard for me okay so I really
like pain in bed right I think pain is
sexy I like being dominated I like being
told what to do I like being um what
people would call degraded and abused
and all that stuff to a certain extent
but I don't like toys involved and I
feel like a lot of what bondage
represents is the use of toys on the use
of roleplay the use of you know
pretending you're something that you're
not and for me I just like to kind of
you know be manhandled and stuff and I
like a big dick to like puncture my you
know vaginal walls and all that stuff
and I like you know addictive ii shoved
down my throat like that kind of stuff
more like things that I consider
masculine and things that I consider
manhandling like I like that kind of
stuff I like male to female domination I
don't like being
the one that's dominant I don't like
using toys I don't like role-playing or
dressing up really unless of course my
partner wants to do that then of course
it's fun for me like when I say I don't
like something it means it's not as
interesting as other things it never
means that I actually won't do it or
that I don't like I'm like turned off by
it or don't actually like it just means
that like it's not what I would choose
for my perfect sex scenario but it's
something I'm definitely up for and
insects especially I've always been open
to try trying anything because you know
I want to maximize my pleasure and there
might be some things that you have to
actually experience in order to like so
that's definitely a possibility and I'm
not I'm not shutting off anything or any
possibilities unless of course it leaves
some kind of actual scarring on me that
I'm like no I think I'll just skip that
cuz that seems like not a good idea um
so I wonder if that makes sense to you
guys do you when you think of bondage
don't you think of like people dressing
up in latex and a woman acting like
she's like yeah get it and likes like
slapping and whipping him and obviously
this is more of like a um a very narrow
view of it it's not everything that
bondage and BDSM encompasses but I
wouldn't say that I'm into bondage even
though I would say that I'm into pain
and I'm into some certain fetishes but
it's more for me just like I really like
masculinity and I really like my man to
take control of me in bed and that's
what I like about it and that's why I'm
open to that kind of stuff but anything
that involves like me degrading my man
is not really something I'm into and I
would never take a job doing that and I
would never like do that because it's
actually a turn-off to me I mean I would
of course do it if a guy was into it but
I feel like after doing it I wouldn't be
as turned on to him so maybe like you
know how when you like let's say he
gives me a great orgasm and then I'm
like okay I'll get you off now and then
I do that for him because he's really
into that I feel like I would definitely
do that I'm not against it and I don't
think it's disgusting it's just for me
it would be kind of a turn-off and
therefore it would be only for him and
not for my gain if that meant
any sense but um I want to know from you
guys if you have ever experienced any
kind of bondage do you guys enjoy any
kind of bondage play in bed um any
masochism any sadism any of that kind of
stuff in bed um do you enjoy being
manhandled do you enjoy manhandling is
it more of like just a one-on-one thing
or do you actually like to go deep and
go to all the clubs and dress up in the
certain ways and use all the toys and
experiment with different toys do like
you know shocking people they like shock
their nipples like with certain voltages
and it's like this really cool stuff
that goes on that I just want to watch
but it wouldn't necessarily be the
hottest thing the world to me it would
just be more interesting and maybe a
little fun to experience and every time
I experienced something new embedded is
a turn-on in general that I'm
experiencing something new but it's not
necessarily like my favorite thing if
that makes any sense
I really am really excited to upgrade my
quality someone actually bought me the
the small ring light that's like 25
bucks it was on my wish list it was just
sitting there I was I was expecting no
one to buy it because most people want
to buy um okay so I have like two types
of people I have people that want to buy
me like lingerie dildos high heels I
don't put high heels on my list but
there was some guy that tweeted me and
his name was shoe lover or something and
he was like put some shoes on your wish
list I want to buy you some high heels
and I was like I don't even wear high
heels I don't need anymore I have plenty
for modeling and if I don't the people
who are hiring me will you know bring
them and have them for me to wear during
the shoot I don't need that I'm sorry oh
my god there's like a fly coming in
don't come in here it's gonna be a
little darker in here for a little bit
um but anyway um I was like no I don't
need that but thank you that you know
the thought the thought the count so
it's nice I really appreciate that but
anyway so on someone bought me of the
thinking and I put a deal DSLR on there
now and I'm just really excited to
fucking start making really amazing
content I was at my parents house and my
dad has a really nice camera and really
like one of the long really good lenses
that photographers would have and he
takes pictures of like just scenery and
like going out with my mom and doing
stuff and I just want to be like can I
borrow that and then I would like never
give it back and it's a really expensive
so if we're
feel bad and I was like part of their
livelihood when they are going out on
the weekend is to go take pictures of
stuff and go hiking the very active and
that's very cool I kind of miss that
about hanging at home as we would go out
and play tennis we would go hiking we
would go to trails and I would
rollerblade her I would bike and I like
that but anyway um so I'm really excited
about my quality I wanna have I want to
have something sitting like right here
like this distance um probably over by
all of my gaming stuff because I really
like my gaming memorabilia it's fucking
amazing my collection um and I just want
to have an easy set up to start vlogging
when I'm at home because most of my
blogs happen at home and if my vlog
doesn't happen at home I'll bring my
fucking phone and I'll have my phone and
it'll be easy but I really want up the
quality for you guys because oh I no
doubt so hard and production quality and
I feel like it's important to give back
to you guys and so you guys can see
everything that I'm saying and doing and
you know fucking 1080p HD fucking ahh
awesomeness so hopefully you guys
appreciate that and know that I'm
working harder for you guys and things
are gonna get better and um and I'll
have some updates soon about the
analytics issue because I just got my
Adsense payment for the month so I'm
gonna review that and let you guys know
and also I have a video coming out in
the next couple days I'm not quite sure
if it'll be out tomorrow or if it'll be
out two days from now or maybe three or
four but um it's going to be a video on
what is going on with my super-marv but
there's three let's play because I know
a lot of you guys um new the let's play
when I was playing with Wesley and then
I stopped playing it with him and I
haven't played for a long time and I
started playing with J and a lot of
people were like who's J because they
don't watch the stream or they have only
watched a few vlogs and J doesn't really
like to be in videos often or he's often
doing something else so he's not as you
know people don't know him by face as
much as they do by like voice or just by
me mentioning him so there's gonna be a
lot of updates on that and also what I'm
planning on doing there's going to be a
new retro night and I'll talk a little
bit more about it in the video but on
the stream I'm going to start doing
retro nights I think on Fridays after FM
so they're gonna be shorter streams but
it's going to be me playing through my
retro Let's Plays so every single week
I'll be playing retro games for you guys
I know you guys love my retro series
syriza's I hate the word syriza's be
because I want to do like um you know
when you do a plural you can choose to
do Chris scar or Chris's car you can do
Chris car or Chris's car and I don't
know which one I want to do for series
so I'm like series is series it just
sounds fucking awful and I time you look
up any that grammar shit like the
English language Layla's English
language has been so fucked up it's
almost ironic that I can't fucking speak
that I get blubber mouth when I'm trying
to say that but um has been so fucked up
by like colloquy colloquial terms and
slang and a bunch of like jargon that a
lot of that should has been added to the
dictionary and it just completely fucked
the actual you know foundation of the
English language and that makes me sad
but it makes us that I fucking look
something up online like what's the
proper way to do something they're like
both are fine it depends on whether or
not you're from the 17th century or the
21st century where anything goes there
there is it a plural that a possessive
is it we don't know just right wherever
the fuck you want right you are instead
oh this is like a huge pet peeve of mine
but anyway I'm gonna go so don't forget
to subscribe to my gaming channel if you
want updates on that if you want to
watch me play retro games from my
childhood because those are still my
favorite games I feel like I'm stuck in
the past a little bit and I'm actually
worried about getting older because I
feel like my favorite games are still
the ones that I grew up with and
platformers and top-down games and
little cute games and that's why I find
so much fun
in playing indie games and it sucks oh I
need to be with the time even though I
love the newer games the older games
still have this emotional pull to me
that's like much stronger than like
let's say one of my favorite newer
franchises like Assassin's Creed of
course there are like really fucking
amazing new franchises but I'll tell I
feel overall like when I hear about a
new game it's got the most amazing 3d
graphics in an open-world in the sandbox
engine I'm like yeah but like can we
just do like a pin Mario that's how I
feel I don't know okay guys I love you I
will see you guys soon let's take a
selfie
how am I supposed to look when I'm
talking about bondage I don't know I'm
like trying a bunch of different face
things I don't know if I should be
surprised like ah or like what but it
seems good I am I losing my voice I
don't know please so you want stream I'm
gonna stream now
