my last video none of you guys really
got what i was saying like some of you
guys were actually saying that it could
be that i'm making more offensive or
less interesting content and therefore
that's why i'm receiving less money in
my in my analytics that makes absolutely
zero sense like I could I could make a
fucking okay so what happened was I was
going up and up and up and up and up and
I didn't plateau I didn't go down a
little bit it was like up and up and up
and up and up for six months and I was
like one day everything explodes and
it's like I don't even have you do
channel anymore like that's how badly
things went over for me and I have no
idea why and um I could make a fucking
video about like loving Hitler and
saying the n-word a thousand times and
saying that every single person who
watches my videos is a piece of fucking
shit and I would lose less revenue than
I did in that whatever the fuck
phenomenon happened I had no fucking
idea and I'm still trying to figure it
out and like I said like my videos
aren't getting less views my viewership
hasn't gone down it's just that my
analytics are displaying something that
makes no sense to me and I don't
understand how my vlog channel that has
ten to a hundred thousand views can be
making less money now or maybe ok
slightly less like 20 bucks less then my
gaming channel that has 1000 views per
video so 20,000 views per video on
average and 1000 views for beyond
average which one should be making more
money not the one with 1000 views and
that's what not it's not making sense to
me and it's so abrupt and so like oh I'm
like oh my god what's going on and I'm
hoping that it's a glitch because if
this can just randomly happen without
any reason and I have no one to talk to
then it's like really it pisses me off
trying to you know make a career out of
YouTube we're trying to put all this
effort into youtube like it's already
annoying enough like the most annoying
thing like this is annoying because it's
like money or whatever and I'm trying to
survive and I'm trying to make a career
and I'm trying to do what I love for a
living but what really pisses me off is
I make this great content I upload it
and then they fucking take it down for
some like bogus copyright shit like and
there's no one to talk to there's no one
that can fucking like deal with it and
zoom in games as my partner on the
gaming channel doesn't deal with it
so like who makes that shit go away oh I
fucking have to like you know appeal the
claim I peeled the claim it takes a
month and a fucking half for me to get
my video back and or they'll be like you
have to re-upload it or they'll be like
oh well it's there now but you can't
monetize it and you've lost all this
money it's like oh my fucking god I lose
six months of time or something and I
can't remonte eyes it for all the time
that I've lost their they've just been
like piling up on money and you know
what's fucking stupid they don't let you
monetize like age-restricted videos but
I'm like a hundred percent sure that
they get money off of my age restricted
videos when I don't so it's just like
they're making more money when I put
like fucking blowjob in the title and
just like I want to be able to talk
about this stuff talk about this PG
fucking 13 shit and not have people
fucking flagging my videos telling me
I'm using someone else's songs when I'm
not or flagging my videos saying that
it's sect like nudity when there's
fucking nudity on the internet all about
like breast implants where they show the
before and after with the nipple and
that's perfectly fine but I can't say
the word blowjob without getting fucking
Flag it's like actually stupid so yeah
this is kind of a long video I guess I
should maybe cut it up into two I don't
know um I'm gonna take a pic off
they're a check too so I guess I'll do
one that's about like youtubers and
Trisha and then i'll do another that's
about like ranting about YouTube sucking
dicks alright guys thanks for watching
dan and I are now I'm start chewing this
now I have like a pool of like flavor in
my fucking cheek now it's wonderful
alright guys love you
