hey guys I'm chewing gum so I'm gonna
try my best not to be annoying with it
usually at Shi with my mouth open it's
very loud and I chew a lot I'm like I'm
9 ha I'm gonna try not to be I'm sharing
this a Sour Patch candy gum my sour
patch is my favorite candy so I was
super hyped when I saw this and I've
been buying every flavor ever since and
I have it after I eat but anyway I want
to talk a little bit about favorite
youtubers today a lot of people ask me
who's your favorite youtuber or content
producer and alongside of the fact that
I don't really have time to like invest
and actually watching enough to like
make that opinion um when I do watch
youtubers like ok so I watch a few
youtubers while I'm running I feel that
sometimes doing that instead of
listening to like metal music makes the
time pass faster because I'm not I'm not
just listening to music and like having
to make my own scenarios up in my head
like I've told you guys before I do the
whole baby doll from sucker punch thing
where I'm like being a badass in my head
or imagining scenarios that you know
pumped me up for the workout and that
makes the workout go faster but
sometimes I just can't do that like my
imagination is not working out as well
so watching videos and listening to
someone talk and just taking that kind
of thing in can make working out go fast
or what I'm doing cardio and stuff so
I'm one of the guys that I watch his
he's called Rob Dyke that's his name and
his channel and um the only reason I
watched him is because he does these
really cool seriously strange videos and
that's like 10 like creepy things that
happen bettered factual or the 10 most
gruesome murders that type of thing and
for some reason that shit like draws me
in the gruesome the unexplained people's
takes on what like paranormal is
unexplained disappearance and stuff like
that it really interests me and to see
like if I was to say like he's my
favorite youtuber even though he is the
only youtuber really that I've been
watching a lot lately woody I don't
think that I don't think it I think
that's too much justice to give him
because anyone could do his job he's not
I'm not attracted to him I'm not in love
with the things that he says or the job
that he's doing it's just like it's the
first one I found that's informative
enough for me to watch so I kept
watching it and got addicted to the
content and that is just like lists of
factual happenings and not necessarily
me liking the host it's just the host is
sufficient
and you know not the best maybe and his
voice is fine for hosting so I like
watching it's not annoying it's not
terrible production quality so I just
watch it now like what makes someone
your favorite youtuber you know like
because you watch them the most then
okay he would be my favorite youtuber
right now but it's not like a lot of
people take it more personally where
like they'll say like PewDiePie or
whoever else they feel like they know
the person and they really like the
person they respect the person and they
love their content they can't get enough
and they watch it just for that person
like that's not something I've ever
experienced maybe it's because I haven't
had time to get into it or maybe it's
because I'm very very cognitively aware
that almost every single persona that
you see on the Internet is gonna be
completely different from the person
that you meet in real life and one
particular person which I told you guys
I was going to talk about Trisha Paytas
but one particular person I don't feel
like that's the case I feel like she's
very real in the way kind of that I am
where I'll talk about any topic and I'm
not worried about it and I'm not really
worried about what other people think
about me I'm more just trying to like
for me it's more like a philosophical
standpoint where I'm trying to get other
people's opinions or enlighten people
about a certain perspective like a
models perspective from someone who
actually is a nun did see stupid blonde
that kind of thing um so that's why I do
the things I do I think Trisha does the
things she does and says the things that
she does more for entertainment value or
for making money but she's real and I
honestly do feel like she's one of the
only people who I felt like yeah that's
actually her and she's willing to say
these things and she's willing to even
be open about embarrassing things or you
know bad parts Turner wife and the fact
that she's willing to talk about things
like yeah when I was 18 I did want to
use people and I did want to just make
the best out of my situation and make
something of myself so I was like using
people or having sex with people and she
talked about having sex with celebrities
and which celebrity she had sex with and
I thought that was like really cool I
feel like most people would kind of
think that that's like kissing and
telling or sis respectful but really
it's just really cool that she's willing
to talk about stuff and her personal
life stuff that matters to her and stuff
that's hard for her to talk about like
suicide and rule and religion and stuff
like that but I like her content because
it gives me a perspective
on someone else that I feel is entirely
real and sometimes she can be
entertaining but I don't feel like her
and I would get along like at all I feel
like she's very different in many of the
perspectives in life that actually
matter I feel like I would get quite
annoyed at how she talks like a dumb
blonde but then also has some smart
points so it's very interesting to watch
her for me because she does talk like
one of those valley girls that like oh
my god edit that and she does say stupid
shit often but at the same time she does
have a better grasp on certain
intellectual things than a lot of people
who actually would be regarded as smart
book smart and stuff like that she has
an understanding of herself and an
understanding of situations that I would
not expect from someone like her so she
to me she's an anomaly and it's very
interesting to watch her videos and see
the takes that she has on things I've
noticed that like when she does videos
with Gigi gorgeous she seems to be much
more like the dumb blonde saying stupid
shit just trying to be funny laughing at
everything nervously and a bunch of
stuff like that but when she's talking
alone it's very interesting to listen to
her um she's just the thing that pisses
me off about her really is the whole
like being such a Christian but in a
hypocritical way that she hates gays so
much so that when she talks about having
anal sex or sodomy um she's like if
you're in a heterosexual relationship
like let me it reiterate I don't even
know if she would know that word but um
when she like talks about you know anal
sex she's actually saying like no just
the heterosexual people it's 100 percent
fine and that to me is like textbook bad
Christian person you know what I'm
saying like the kind of person that
depending on what you do you're they're
judging you but then saying that
pretentious bullshit like oh you know
God loves you and we love you we just
you know we're gonna pray for you and
you're sitting so my god cuz you're
going somewhere bad I fuckin hate that
and I don't think I could stand being
friends with someone like that who
pushes their beliefs and morals on other
people so much so that she's saying like
you're you fucking up your life bro and
I never feel like if you're happy you're
fucking up your life cuz for me she's
fucking up her life because she's like
unhealthily overweight right and um
something that's also interesting and
makes her an anomaly is that like I
really hate the fat girls who say like
curvy is in real men love curves and oh
my god she's stick thin she must be
unhealthy but then they're being
hypocritical because they're not worried
about their own health I hate that and
she's not one of those people she's not
one of those people that like wants to
change something about her body and
she's so insecure about that that she
feels the need to talk badly about women
who are thinner um I really respect the
fact that she's like yeah fat girls wow
that's really cool and then like talks
about how she feels sexy in her own body
and that she's come to terms with the
fact that she likes eating and would
rather live a life where you know she's
the sexy version of fat I like that I
like that she can call herself fat and
make fun of you know the way fat girls
act and that was one of her most viral
videos another thing I don't like about
her is that um okay so she used to do
there was a video where she did
something about how masturbation is
wrong and then there was a video where
she did something about how dogs don't
have brains and those were the first two
videos ever watched her because those
are some that got a lot of attention
because of how stupid she sounded and if
you guys watch uh if you guys watch
League legend streams on Twitch or
twitch it all I think you know who
kaceytron is and apparently she comes
out later saying that that's that was
her that was her trolling and not
actually what she thinks she does she
knows dogs have brains she was just
trying to be funny and be the
stereotypical dumb blonde for views and
that was something she admitted but then
later she talked about how she realizes
now that that kind of content is wrong
because there are people that might look
up to you and to like make them think a
certain thing like masturbation is wrong
or a certain type of people are bad is
like wrong and I totally disagree with
that that's like a whole that's on that
the it sits around the atmosphere of
that whole like not censoring things
like I don't feel like you need to
censor things I feel like people need to
learn more and have a better
understanding of how the world works and
have a better handle on their own you
know comfort with themselves and their
own personality and their own sexuality
and their own confidence so that every
one can just live the way that they want
and have fun and you know we're not all
ruining it for each other because it's
fucking stupid to me that I'm supposed
to be a role model for every single
woman in the world just because I'm a
woman that has some sort of Avenue to
talk to the public and people listen to
me like I am NOT supposed to be raising
your kids raise your fucking kids to
take things with a grain of salt and to
make their own decisions so that I can
be myself and so that I can do the
things that I want to do and people who
are actually like-minded like me don't
flock to me but we can just have
discussions together in intellectual
discussions about the way you know
things work in life rather than me being
the person who has to teach your kids
and then that puts way too much
responsibility on me when I am NOT
personally involved in anyone's life
really that I'm that's watching my
content other than the fact that I feel
it you feel like you know me because you
fucking do because I you know up and
open up to you guys and I want to get to
know you as much as I can through
comments and stuff but that doesn't mean
that I am required and responsible to be
a parent to you that doesn't mean that
everything that comes out of my mouth
should affect you
on an emotional level because you know
we don't really know each other and
we're not important to each other in any
way that is more than just like I'm
providing an entertainment value or a
comfort to you and you are providing
feedback and viewership and like some
kind of pseudo extended family
friendship to me and that's like that's
the thing that we're doing but I am NOT
your mom I'm not your dad I should not
alter my life to be a good influence for
you if I wanted to have kids I would
have kids and I would raise them the way
I want them to be raised just like your
parents should do to you and stop
blaming videogames stop blaming whatever
and it seems like she took it to heart
the few people that were saying you
can't upload stuff like this because
what if there's a 12 year old girl
that's watching you like teach that 12
year old girl what sarcasm and satire is
then you know like fucking entertain the
adults and put a disclaimer on the front
that says I'm joking or something not to
act like Oh some kind of a special kind
of content is bad that's supposed to be
funny because like everyone's getting
offended oh my god like I really hate
people who get it like if we're supposed
to worry about every little thing that
can offend someone
then we can't do pretty much anything
because anything can offend anyone and
worrying about that lowers the quality
of life in my opinion worrying about
whether or not my and you know fucking
nice clothes and makeup are gonna offend
some other guy and then the way that I
talk is gonna offend some other dude and
then supposedly if I say fuck in public
this little kid is gonna grow up to be a
child molester or something like no
that's not I'm not raising your kids
raise your kids to understand that you
know say there's a time and a place for
saying adult words and adult words are
not okay until they're a certain age
don't like make me responsible for
putting an impression on your children
because you're too lazy to actually do
your parenting and that's just I guess I
went off on a tangent there I'm not
really talking about Tricia anymore but
um I wanted to address some of you guys
it's quite funny you guys are like
aren't you don't your arms gets hurt and
this is the first time my arm has gotten
tired like this arm is like shaking I
don't know why but usually that's why I
lay down because okay so I don't really
know how to explain this in like a
scientific way but um huh all of the
weight like I'm putting my arm up in a
way that I don't have to hold it up
because like okay if I set up like this
I'm actually holding my arms up as if
I'm doing like fucking weights or
something like I'm fucking lifting
weights um I'm doing like raises or
something
so um this actually becomes tiring
because gravity obviously goes down but
if the gravity goes with the arm it's
not tiring because it's just my arm
staying straight up and laying with the
gravity like this is harder than this if
I mean how the fuck do I explain that I
feel like I would be better at that
usually but right now I'm just finally
kind of like pulling out and I've been
up for a long time I'm gonna do a stream
after this I didn't stream yesterday
because Jay and I went to Effingham and
I told my viewers a might know stream
but
