hey guys I'm gonna do a vlog at fnm I
have to get more comfortable with doing
blogs out in public where people are
like what the fuck is she doing I feel
like I am entitled to it now that i have
over 100k subscribers because it makes
me like an official youtuber and people
go like oh my god that's that youtuber
so it makes sense that i make content
like this and when you're in LA and
you're like friends with that circle and
you have a bunch of people who are also
content producers it's like not weird at
all that you see them doing that in
public but like for me it still feels
weird and not like weird isn't like I'm
insecure about it it's more like I don't
really like explaining what I'm doing
because a lot of people will ask me but
anyway um so yesterday I didn't do a
vlog and I apologize for that because it
was jay's birthday we streamed for like
7 hours we played some Super Mario
Brothers 3 which were finally finishing
I know I started that a series with
Wesley but I ended it once we stopped
talking and being friends so it's gonna
be really cool because I have a better
partner now and I'm uploading those to
my gaming channel which of course is on
the side of my channel page and in the
links but it's also youtube.com slash
hair back up games a lot of new and
amazing stuff is coming to that channel
I promise you as well as I'm really
excited about trying to upgrade my
quality of my blogs and I want to know
how you guys feel about this do you guys
dislike that I use my camera phone and
that I don't really have like the
highest quality blogs and its most of me
just like walking around holding my
camera because um I really liked the
intimacy of law but at the same time I
could just get a really good camera and
do the same thing but have like really
good production quality or I can just
like sit it on a tripod in front of me
and like not have to worry about holding
it it's like hands-free and it's much
easier for me to emote with my hands I
like talking with my hands occasionally
so um that's something I'm thinking
about but I need to know what DSLR I
need to buy so if any of you are well
versed in photography or anything like
that it would be nice if you could help
me out with that as well as I'm getting
a ring light I mean they're getting a
portable ring light that goes on the
front of the DSLR or I'm getting just
like one of the big ring lights with the
stands it cost me like a hundred bucks
but I've noticed the DSLRs or less are
less expensive than camcorders which is
weird so I spent a thousand dollars on
the camcorder that i use for zooming
games in all of my high production
videos and I
like the video that it takes but all of
the all of the beauty girls and all of
the other stuff like that with really
really nice production quality they're
using DSLRs and they're like recording
1080p video so it has to be a DSLR
camera that does video in 1080p
obviously full HD um and I don't really
need help with the ring line I already
have that on my wish list I have the
portable one on my wish list and I'm
probably going to add a bigger one with
a stand to my wishlist later but I'm so
fucking psyched about this I know I talk
about all the time but I don't do
anything really that doesn't involve me
being really really passionate about it
but occasionally I get amazing ideas
that I'm just so fucking passionate
about and right now what I'm passionate
about is creating even better quality
content i'm a huge geek when it comes to
production quality i love having the
best quality streams but nice is
overlays and i can do all that shit
myself because I'm really good at a
graphic design and stuff and using
Photoshop edit all of my videos um it's
so funny when people say like oh you
can't take more than 10 seconds editing
your videos all you do is talk to your
phone and upload it but you guys aren't
really seeing then the content that I
produce for my gaming channel or you're
not seeing like the sexes and all the
videos would take like ours to edit and
I'm I'm slightly slow and not as
convenient as I should be with video
editing but I'm getting better and I'm
doing more videos like the e3 recap
which I'm going to be highlighting on my
well you know in the comment that I post
it's going to be the gaming video that I
promote to you guys but I spent fucking
three hours editing that goddamn video
but I was really excited about a lot of
things from e3 specifically obviously
the Final Fantasy 7 remake that's the
fucking best but there's also a lot of
other awesome games there's you know
obviously we know there's a new metal
gear solid and a bunch of other things
um but anyway so topic I want to talk
about actually today is I think there's
some YouTube glitch and it's actually
worrying me about okay so I want to
preface this with saying that every
single person in the world wants to have
a job and wants to make money doing what
they love and the reason that people
like money is not because they're crazy
gold digging whores but because they
need to survive and they want to have a
comfortable life so for me I don't
really like a lot of really expensive
things I just want
have a comfortable life or I'm happy
playing video games and doing the things
that I love and maybe like a few sets of
abercrombie clothes like every other
month or something that would be nice
like I don't want like a billion cars
and a mansion and prada purses I don't
even like that shit I'm not interested
in I don't go out to fancy restaurants
it's not my thing so I just want to be
comfortable and happy and I think
everyone does and everyone should be so
lucky as to be able to follow their
dreams and do what they love for a
living and what I love to do is create
content be sexy and play fucking video
games those are the things that I like a
lot and such as video games obviously
come here playing fucking magic on
Friday so that's what I do on my Friday
nights but anyway um uh I over the last
six months this channel has grown
exponentially not literally it's wrong
just like ridiculously crazy I know
mathematicians and should are gonna be
like that's not the literal term of
exponential it's a colloquial term of
exponential anyway so I got up to being
able to pay my rent with this one
channel alone which I was so fucking
grateful for but as at the end of May it
dropped almost a hundred percent like
it's fucking crazy like it's not under
percent obviously but um it doesn't make
any sense to me because nothing has
changed but my analytics are telling me
that I've lost almost seventy percent of
my revenue which makes no sense because
I slowly built it up it was making sense
I was getting more viewers of my feel
free to fat video went viral and
everything and it made sense that I was
making more money but now all of a
sudden I'm making seventy percent less
on this channel I'm making the same
amount on this channel as I am on my
gaming channel my gaming channel each
video gets 12 maximum of ten thousand
viewers right now are 10,000 views and
then it doesn't have any of the almost
viral or viral videos on it so it's
really fucking weird that my channel is
still producing at leat like a minimum
of 10,000 views per video no matter what
and upwards of like a hundred thousand
every video why it's making the exact
same amount and I like is this a glitch
is this something that you guys are you
guys content producers that have seen a
huge drop I talked to toby turner
tobuscus and he was telling me that um
CPM and stuff and money should go up in
the summer but then I talked to zoom and
games and suma games was telling me that
nobody watches videos in the summer so
all the money that you make on YouTube
will go down and that the holiday season
is the best time in the holiday season
is obviously the best time for CPM it's
really weird because my gaming channel
has a certainty p.m. and then my blog
channel has a slightly lower CPM and
that does an account for the money drop
and I'm just like really confused and
I'm also a little bit scared like I'm
gonna be honest with you guys I'm a
little bit scared that I'm gonna have to
change my lifestyle a little bit because
I was so happy that I was finally of
making enough on my blog channel and my
gaming channel and streaming to support
myself support J and like pay my rent
and do all that stuff like I was so
happy and now I'm feeling I'm feeling a
little bit sad because not only does
that mean that it might keep going up
and down or radically and I won't know
my income but it also means that you
know I might have to live a way that is
not ideal and I feel like I kind of
grasp grasped my dreams and now I'm
losing it a little bit and it's scary
and it's weird and I don't really know
what's going on and I'm hoping it's just
a glitch I reported it the most annoying
thing about YouTube is that YouTube
doesn't have an easy way for content
producers to contact people and get a
real human response and actually get a
response at all about things that are
going on there's no way to report a bug
there's only a way to like hey you
bought you a towel and blogging you're
in a blogs into akhtar yeah okay anyway
so um there's no way for me to actually
contact someone and talk about it it's
like weird uh but I can report I can't
like leave feedback and when I leave
feedback it's like okay report bug say
whatever you want tell us we're doing a
good job and obviously that shit is like
going through just nobody's looking at
that shit and I did it twice but I don't
know what's going on and I wish someone
could shed light on all this stuff
because analytics okay so there's like a
million fuckin statistics and analytics
it's fucking confusing and I feel like
I'm just missing something J looked
through it he doesn't know on a percent
he's just and like okay so my feel free
to fat video was making me hundreds of
dollars and then even though it's still
growing in views it's not making
hundreds of dollars and then when I look
at subscribers my subscribers were going
up 30,000 new subscribers a month now
it's going up less than my gaming
channel only about 3,000 subscribers a
month and i'm sorry if i can't give you
perfect amounts or like there are things
about the analytics and the monetization
and the CPM that i can't tell you guys
about but it's a very very confusing
process and i'm just very confused so if
you guys can shed light on anything or
tell me which did allarde buy it would
be very helpful i'm sorry this isn't a
very like sexual or interesting blog but
i just wanted to let you guys know what
I'm concerned about right now what's
going on in my life but otherwise I'm
really fucking happy Jay and I had a
great time on his birthday I'm just
having a hard time in general and I'm
just not gonna let it bother me I'm not
gonna worry about it very much because
i'm still doing enough right now and
there are always other ways to do things
i can always like take my modeling jobs
which is like not ideal because okay the
passion that I have for modeling is like
I get to express my sexuality I get to
have fun I get to meet people but at the
same time if I'm not doing my own my own
concepts it's not as interesting to me
to do it you know what I'm saying so
like if I'm doing the same lingerie
company over and over again and I'm
modeling things that I'm not really
interested in that aren't that sexy or
things i don't really like and I'm not
really getting anything out of it other
than money it's like men but if I get to
like do like a sexy Magic the Gathering
shoot with like magic the gathering
fucking cards put on my nipples or
something and it's like I get to do the
editing and I get to be like no you go
here you go there this is how we light
it that's the shit that i like i like to
take control of a shoot and do concept
shoots and have fun with it and like you
know expand my portfolio with things
that i think i really like look great in
that i like and i get to pick the
pictures um that's where I really have
the passion for it because I feel like
I'm creating art from my own ideas and
that's something that's interesting but
it gets mundane to just like work with
shallow people and like we're the same
lingerie all the time doing the same
five poses that are good for a catalog
it's like black
I'm saying so yeah um don't forget to
like the video I don't need to say that
these because they're very fucking laid
back but I'm doing it anyway because I
did 14 times last night for fucking
super mario three but yeah super mario 3
on the other channel I'm going to start
doing every month video game releases so
that's going to be really cool on the
gaming channel and yeah I really
appreciate you guys continued support
it's like the best thing in the world to
me and you guys are my fucking family so
thank you so much more soon I'm gonna do
a video on true sir Trisha Paytas soon
I'm gonna do a video on sleeping with
celebrities or something and then some
other video I have a bunch of fucking
ideas right so it's going to be great I
have to go back I just finished my
modern deck to wait no i didn't i need
to aether vials and fucking what is it
called capron of souls and those are
like fucking 30 or 40 bucks each so
that's going and they don't have here
they don't have the card hibernate which
is also weird but yeah I'm gonna take us
helping out
bye guys thanks for watching
