okay so I am really fuckin frustrated
about something why the fuck is Megan
Fox so goddamn sexy I mean it's not that
she's just like hot it's like she
radiates sex with like every single
thing that she does and you can't take a
fucking bad picture of her either like
no matter what she's doing she's like
this effervescent overflowing pot of sex
here are some examples of what I'm
talking about oh my god what the fuck
this is like so not fair how is it even
possible to be this fucking sexy
I can't even seriously I mean come on
guys try taking a candid picture of me
when I'm not looking and you get
something kind of like this or this I
mean to be honest I can't even really
open my mouth but with himself I think
all of the surplus sexy in the world was
kind of just given all to Megan Fox I
think we should like protests or
something I mean it shouldn't be legal
to be this sexy without even trying sexy
like that like takes work you know you
gotta do something here's Megan's sexy
face here's Megan sad face
happy
walking around captured thinking she's
alone
in the hospital on her deathbed because
she's contracted some deadly virus what
the serious spot and that goddamn look
that she has on her face with her
fucking tongue is you just sticks it out
and show his loose fucking sexy I have
always wanted to look sexy while
sticking out my tongue but even when I
try like in a modeling picture or
something it just looks really fucking
stupid like people bitch about her
thumbs but like thank God she has those
thumbs to like restore balance to the
world
right I mean no one's allowed to be that
perfect like especially if it's Tommy so
as your mission for this week let me
know if you can find any pictures of
Megan Fox that aren't absolutely
phenomenally sexy and perfect and
everything try to find me a bad picture
hood really and tell me a little bit
about how photogenic you think you are
or not
down in the comments don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and let me know if you're thinking about
this weird random funny content that I'm
making pretty cool right
oh and of course tell me how much you
love fucking looking at Megan Fox
I know one of my gaming pastimes is
actually scrolling through facebook fan
pages looking at all the sexy pictures
it's amazing she was great to look at I
mean I love the girl and I don't hate
her acting it's just not fair
