hey guys this is the third vlog that I'm
doing in the fucking day and I need to
hurry the hell up because I have some
hatred videos to make and I also have a
fucking stream to do but I wanted to
talk about a topic that kind of irks me
and doesn't make any sense to me and
it's the one where people say like they
can't go a long time without working or
they need to have a job in order to feel
fulfilled and that doesn't make any
fucking sense to me um I don't want to
sound judgmental and I don't want to
sound like a bitch but that to me sounds
like they don't really have any goodness
at home like they have an unhappy home
life or they don't have their dream
bachelor pad which is kind of what I
have I like created Jay and I created
our own little bachelor / bachelorette
pad that's like full of everything that
we like to do and it's like the perfect
little place and like outside um it's
pretty much only like if I could jump
off my balcony and walk around I would
have like tanning Jim nails hair
groceries food movies and other
entertainment like literally I can see
it from my place like it's so amazing
the place that we live in um and the
like little area that we've created for
ourselves so I can't imagine wanting to
have a job so the only time I feel
comfortable having a job is when I'm
doing something and working towards
something that I'm passionate about and
I feel like people who say that they
need to have some menial or labor driven
or just like regular job where they're
working for someone and they're not
working toward their own goals or their
own you know being their own boss and
their own company type of thing I feel
like they just they're not happy at home
they're lonely at home and they don't
have their perfect like that cave to go
home to like or they just don't have
like strong a strong sense of self and
strong passions because doesn't make any
sense to me if I don't have a job I can
work more on betterment like self
betterment I can you know read more
articles about psychology and sociology
and all the studies that I really like
to read up on when I have my free time I
can read into more like things that I
don't understand like paranormal like
stuff like that interests me and stuff
and I like to do
and I can go to the gym more I can be
more healthy I can have like the perfect
eating schedule that where I'm not like
overworked so I forget to eat or
whatever I could spend more time with
Jake and spend more time with my friends
I can spend more time playing fucking
video games and beating every goddamn
video game I've ever wanted and in
reality right now I'm spending more time
on my fucking career which I love more
than anything in the world so um I this
was brought up to me and Jay doesn't
understand it either because he fucking
loves being home he loves focusing on
bodybuilding he loves playing video
games focusing on being competitive in
magic and starcraft in league of legends
like that's who he is he like self
betterment as well and that's how we you
know get along really well and we love
the most out of all of that spending
time together playing video games and
doing the self betterment thing so it
doesn't make any sense to either of us
why some people say like okay so a
friend lost a job recently or got laid
off or got cut hours that I remember um
and he was talking about how he got
another job and we're like why don't you
just not get a job or why don't you just
quit and not have a job you don't need
to have a job and there are people who
don't need to have a job that insist on
having a job and it's like and it's not
like I feel like you guys are going to
misunderstand me and think that I'm
talking about people who need to work to
provide for their family that makes
perfect sense you definitely should do
that and it's very admirable and people
also might think I'm talking about
people who are working on their own
business like I am are working on their
own endeavors that is not what I'm
talking about I'm talking about having a
desk job I'm talking about you know
working some menial labor job I'm
talking about just having a job in
general something they desire rather
than having more time my phone got full
and instead of me just deleting the
previous vlogs actually needed those
vlogs so if I had known when I got this
phone that I had to have so much space
on my phone for selfies and vlogs that
are over ten minutes i would fucking
have gotten a bigger hard drive on my
phone but anyway um I wanted to keep
talking about this what was it that I
was talking about I actually had to take
a fucking hiatus of five minutes to go
take the videos off my phone and then
come back out here and fucking god
thankfully I was putting them onto my
solid state drive so they quickly
transferred yes
try um ok so I don't really understand
why people want to work or they say that
they feel unfulfilled if they're not
working or they just like my dad's like
this as well he has always had to have a
job he's always had to excel in his job
his jobs never been very important but
he made it important to himself and I
always felt like that was because all of
his hobbies or something were not
something he was really passionate about
and he wasn't as passionate about like
coming home and spending time at home
like just was something that he didn't
like and I feel like a lot of people
have home lives where they they need the
guys nights out or they need the break
from their family and that can be
understood if you have a child
unfortunately I would never want a child
and I probably wouldn't want to come
home and spend time in my bachelor pad
if it was no longer a bachelor pad and
became a fucking prison place I don't
know but I also wanted to talk about
this because it makes sense to at this
time because I wanted to show you a
couple of the changes that I made to my
apartment um and how I cleaned up a lot
and made it much nicer and cooler and
added some cool things and I want to
show you guys around real quick it's not
going to be really an apartment tour
because there are some parts of the
apartment that aren't that interesting
like my kitchen but um I wanted to show
you the things that you might see in a
video that might be pretty cool so um
over here as you can see behind me is
where i used to have my magic table and
it was like the most pigsty East magic
table ever but Jay cleaned it up and
then we moved it over there and we got
rid of the green screen because I
haven't been using the green screen for
anything really and I still have the
green screen if I ever need to use it
but this is my magic area now and you
can see it's very organized and nice and
awesome and beautiful and I fucking love
it and it's got all the play mats that
we owned and Jay fuckin made a mess of
it by taking out some model black cards
for his deck but whatever and then over
here I put my soft boxes that I need for
making videos and I put the shoes up
here the shoes used to be over there now
they're over here which is cool and i
can finally see my fucking one of my
posters again that i couldn't see
anymore because i had the green screen
there's this poster but you guys already
know about that and um over here we have
on the table i put
got some new clothes let's move this I
also bought J this for his birthday this
is one of the presents that I got him
another present that I got him oh my god
so fucking amazing I cannot wait to show
you guys but I can't spoil it because he
sometimes watches my videos then he'll
fucking know what it is so Oh moving
around is so hard and talking so fast
maybe I should take more breaths but
anyway this is a giant 6 foot play mat
with uh not all the planeswalkers the
most of the planeswalkers from Magic the
Gathering and we tried to hang it up on
the wall but it's got that like non
stick a background or like non stick
back so I couldn't stick any command
strips on it command strips are fucking
amazing if you plan on hanging anything
the posters that I was showing you those
are like 15 to 20 pounds and they're
held perfectly with command strips so
it's amazing this is another thing that
i upgraded i added the blow me thing
that you guys sent me from amazon a long
time ago I fucking added it to my wall
finally and this is going to be where I
do my gaming videos like usual but now
there's going to be a cool fucking
poster there that's a cartridge that
says blow me which is hilarious and
here's all of my other shit and these
are all the games that we have a 60 inch
television more games we have the ps2
ps3 and ps4 and then we also have a
laptop for steam games porn listening to
music when we're doing stuff out here
watching streams and a bunch of other
stuff i have my n64 my gamecube and my
wii but i don't really use them much
because if I you play older games i will
just emulate them because much easier I
have this guy then I can just lay out
any time we have a nice red cabbage that
goes with the rest of the house I have a
bunch of gamer paraphernalia all around
it like this this place this is actually
my desk where I will ultra magic cards
or draw on things sometimes I get the
the artistic itch and I want to do
things like create um and here are my
dudes on the the secondary thing here
and then come over here i'm going to
show you the computer room you guys
always want to see my setup so uh here
is our desk as you can see Jays playing
moto hi Jay
he says no and over there is where I do
my makeup but over here specifically is
where um I do all of my streaming
editing etc here's my softbox my webcam
my two monitors an extra mic else I have
the headset so yeah now you guys
actually could see that but I don't
understand why anyone would ever want to
leave this place like why would I want
to go to a fucking like especially like
a doesn't even matter how much you get
paid to the job why would you want to go
to a job when you can go to the gym play
video games have a youtube channel like
why why not open a business something
you really fucking care about why not
spend the time with the person you chose
to marry or the person you chose to live
with like doesn't make any sense to me
so I really like it if you guys could
like enlighten me on this topic because
as always I'm telling you how it is from
my perspective and I might not know
someone else's perspective and a lot of
people say that I'm set in my ways and
i'm conceited or pretentious about like
what i think and what i say but I'm not
at all I'm totally open to being wrong
I'm totally open to the fact that things
work for me and don't work for other
people and I would love to hear why
someone thinks it's better to go work
than to spend time at home like I get it
if you're like needing to provide for
your family or if you don't have any
passions that can make money like being
a writer that doesn't really make any
money anytime anyone majors and that
should I'm like oh god I was gonna major
in that I'm so god I'm so fucking glad I
dodged that bullet oh fuck dude I'm like
so hyper because I'm on caffeine pills
and then fucking tired because I've been
running around the house and not taking
breaths into my sentences but uh yeah um
I feel like those people would be
happier in life if they got a hobby that
worked towards some kind of goal that
they had for themselves rather than just
being a cog in a very large corporate
wheel or you know just doing some labor
for someone else when it's not really
for you it's just like for a paycheck
that doesn't seem like a fulfilling life
and I'm so glad that I don't have to do
that and so it doesn't make sense to me
when people choose to do that rather
than you know spending the time doing
what they
so please let me know what you think on
that topic and I'm fucking done vlogging
for the day because oh my god oh I also
got okay it's kind of dirty right now
but I got a new fucking griddle I heard
this terrible griddle where the Teflon
was coming off and is fucking awful and
I make pancakes and I made grilled
cheese sandwiches and I was like holy
fuck I need a new one because I'm
getting like flecks of Teflon or fake
Teflon or whatever they want to call it
in my food and it was awful so I bought
a new one and it's fucking amazing and
it does like six and which is it once
instead of Ford it's so awesome it's
just like I get excited about everything
that I'm doing because I'm doing it for
myself and to better my life and it's
just like so much fun and so exciting
and so zilla rating that I've like made
this place that I never want to leave
which is also why don't like traveling
like I don't understand why people like
travelling either it's always like I
don't have my fucking ps4 when I'm
traveling I don't have my perfectly set
up fucking double monitored pc or I can
just access everything and like the way
that I want to an easy way like I have a
smartphone I'm like it's slow and it's a
connected Wi-Fi and I'm like in the
hotel I have to like pay for Wi-Fi on my
laptop which is like way slower and I
have like one game on it that'll barely
run and League it doesn't really run and
I don't have my comfortable fucking
memory foam bed it's like your home
should be your safe comfortable haven
that has everything you've ever wanted
in it and you should work your ass off
to get to a place where you don't have
to leave it very much you know I'm
saying like the only time you leave it
is to adventure when you want to like go
out and go you know rollerblading I feel
like that's all that's missing for me is
the hiking and the rollerblading from
when I was younger I used to do that
with my parents and I thought it was
fucking awesome and that's the only
thing I could ever want for you know I'm
sitting here playing video games
whenever I want doing whatever I want
that's so much better and I couldn't
imagine being like you know what I'm
bored I'm gonna go get a job like what
no I'm very glad that my passions have
put me into a place where I now have a
career because of them and if I hadn't I
would be living this life that's 925
life that I absolutely despise and if
anyone said hey you don't need to do
this anymore i would like I'm out
throwing the towel let's go home play
video games and fucking create my terror
Kade's you know
so let me know you think about that oh
there's this guy I think I shouldn't you
guys before but um I brought him home
put him on the put him on the fridge and
put a pack of magic cards in him and we
had stopped playing magic for a while
and I like surprise Jay like that and he
was like super happy that we got a pack
and like yeah it was like really cute
and so now anytime I want to surprise
him i'm gonna put something in here his
mouth actually closes up and he's a
little dragon and it's cool because I
got a pack of dragons of turkey er back
when that was new and so a little dragon
had a pack of fucking dragons all right
I'm gonna go but where should I take a
want to take a fucking good vagina hmm i
don't know i hate the brightness
counteracts there we go and I'm sweaty
alright guys see you on stream huh
