so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new episode of Friday night
mail full disclosure before I start this
the reason this is late is I'm still
pretty sick for my fucking food
poisoning then I got a few days ago
absolutely insane I threw up like 12
times and one day I was like peeing out
of both ends it was fucking disgusting
sorry for the TMI and I still feel like
shit I'm very dizzy very nauseated and
just not a hundred percent but the show
must go on and I fucking love you guys
now I want to open you guys's packages
and talk to you guys about stuff so
without further ado let's go ahead and
get into Sunday night mail I apologize
once again further not being a Caturday
video and for this not being on Friday
and in the correct setup I just didn't
feel like moving all my stuff around
because literally every time I bend over
the Vertigo hits me like a ton of bricks
and you know I'm sweaty and weird but I
love you guys and I'm really happy to be
here so let's go ahead and start with
the winner of this week's giveaway which
is Michael C congratulations Michael C I
hope you enjoy your Amazon gift card and
if you guys want to get an Amazon gift
card I give one out every single week
you can go into the top of the
description click the link where it says
F&M giveaway and just go ahead and sign
up it's really easy you just follow me
on social media networks and stuff
that's about it also if you want to ask
me questions which is what I'm about to
do take questions as always I take
questions from the comments section
anything goes especially if you start it
with question like Dwight Schrute we've
got one from Savina Frankie who says a
question since you're an open minded
individual and your stands on the
traditional ideal role for women like
marriage than children etc contrast the
norm what do you consider to be an
infidelity within an unlabeled
relationship I think even when it's a
labeled relationship what is considered
an infidelity or not okay in the
relationship depends on the individuals
within the relationship that's why it's
so personal that's why I don't presume
to know anything about a different
relationship and I also don't presume to
apply labels or rules to someone else's
relationship because they would fit me
better also going back to the part where
you said that my ideas for women's
traditional roles differ from the norm
it honestly doesn't I feel like most
women will want
settle down have kids abandon their
career and be a caretaker I think this
is ingrained biologically within every
woman well almost every woman of course
there are exceptions to the rule and I
just happen to be one of the exceptions
I'm not on the right saying that all
women should have children before
they're 30 or they're gonna be unhappy
cat ladies because first of all I think
being a cat lady would be awesome and
I'm also not on the Left saying that oh
my god if you have children you're gonna
regret it have a career never settle
down for a man I'm more libertarian
where I just say do whatever the fuck
you want and was doing whatever the fuck
you want you incur all of the blame if
you decide to make the wrong decision
for yourself only you can know what's
the right decision for yourself and I
know that bears a lot of weight and you
want to blame everyone else for your
problems but if you choose to have a kid
and that's not what you wanted you
wanted a career your faults if you
choose to focus on a career and be
single and never focus on your love life
or having children and you end up
missing that later on in life your fault
as well I think that answered the
question a little bit more in depth but
I hope you guys enjoyed my thoughts let
me know what you think naked hey night
baby I didn't even know you watched my
YouTube videos she says who uestion what
is your opinion on dark humor I expect
that you like it and if so is there a
personal limit for you love you love you
too baby girl and thank you for being
one of the longtime viewers of Jays
twitch channel go to Scott TV slash tear
Babcock JK twitch.tv slash echo 5 yeah I
love dark humor I don't think there is
any limit at all it is humor it is joke
that's the operative word I think when
you make a joke in light of a tragedy
even if it's too soon or you make a
political joke or you make some dark
humor joke that's gonna offend people
there are so many things that you can do
with that you can lighten the mood and
make people feel better and cope with
the problem you can poke fun at
intricacies and make fun of things with
little grains of truth in the joke or
you can just make people lighten up and
stop being so offended all the time and
actually have fun I think it's a great
thing I think more people need to take
humor with a grain of salt and stop
worrying so much about being offended
constantly because that's your choice
and you're making your life worse for it
and the last question
Brady Thyra says question do you think
lelah star is hotter before or after her
butt surgery Lila Starr's a porn star
I've talked about it before she's
absolutely hideous with her fat ass tits
just like cellulite II and gigantic and
I'm not even talking about like Kim
Kardashian it's like three Kim
Kardashian's sorry I wasn't attracted to
her when she had no plastic surgery I
was
really attracted to her when she got the
boobs and a little bit of work done on
her face and now I'm just absolutely not
attracted to her at all and I haven't
looked at before and sentence obviously
you're entitled to your opinion and this
is just my personal preference nothing
against Lila as a person it's her choice
if she wants to change her body in this
way and yeah last week I actually
answered that question in text but since
you asked it in every video I thought I
would give it some air time here on F&F
thank you guys so much for the questions
post yours in the comment section for
next week alright let's get into these
packages before I throw up
thank you guys for sending me stuff by
the way I really appreciate it so we
have two packages from absolute
accessory I'm not really sure what this
is but we shall see I'm excited okay so
grant bought me these he's a sissy Terra
Babcock slut person he is he's the
wannabe rubber tongue and he bought me a
pair of pink leggings and then so I'm
assuming that this is also a pair of
leggings we shall see and I'll try both
of them on and you guys can decide which
one is the sexiest on me all right these
ones are from William actually thank you
so much for buying these for me so these
are from Williams these are from grants
they are the same company Sofra free
size which means they fit anyone even my
fat ass Thank You William and good boy
sissy we'll put these on at the end so I
don't feel sick opening the rest of the
boxes we have two more packages this is
a manila envelope from Amazon
Fulfillment company we've got notes yeah
hey Tara I love your content and more
than you know to show a bit of that I
got you this and some turquoise leggings
stay calm and rock on you gorgeous woman
much love we'll rock okay so this is
probably the William that sent me the
leggings actually I think we have
empirical proof that it's the William
almost almost empirical proof because
although these are blue leggings they
are not turquoise will rock William come
on and we've got in this package
Calcifer plushie yes I'm so excited love
it this is from Howl's Moving Castle one
of my favorite Studio Ghibli film
he's so fuzzy I didn't think he would be
so fuzzy he's so cute you can stick your
finger in his mouth
oh my god he's adorable no I'm gonna
cover my eyes so you can see oh my god
is the cutest thing ever
don't look at my two fucked-up nails oh
my god it's so bad thank you so much
William I appreciate it so much and it's
got the little Howl's Moving Castle
picture oh my god he's so
you stick them right there I need to get
my hair done and I need to brush my hair
and straighten my hair a little
straighten and an I just need to stop
being a pile of crap which is how I feel
right now don't feel sorry for me you
have your own problems I'm just telling
you how it is he reminds me of my old
hair when my hair was like orange to red
how it goes orange to red like flames
it's perfect thank you so much William
oh I don't have a fucking I don't have a
thing to open this I guess I love to use
my nails doing this is how I fucked up
my tail in the first place it's actually
not but I don't even remember my fuck's
up my nail the first time I just kind of
looks later and I was like holy shit
where's my nail
happy birthday Tara enjoy your gift hope
it's not too early you're about 20 days
too early but that's okay
my birthday is on November 10th guys
love you and all you do from Barney a
case to you Thank You Barney let's see
what we got that's the teddy bear okay
so I don't always put random teddy bears
on my list cuz if I did I would have
like billions of random teddy bears but
when I see like a really really cute one
like this thank you so much
I adore him look at his little paws he
has paws on these feet but not paws on
these feet
buddy plush buddy the brown teddy bear
he's so cute I love him and he's like
super light like one of the lightest
teddy bears ever and one of his ears is
different than the other like this one
is way smaller I don't know if you guys
can tell but this ear is way smaller
than that ear oh my god is so adorable
oh thank you guys for the few rushes of
adrenaline that make me feel better
they're almost akin to masturbating or
having sex when I feel sick it just
makes me feel a little bit better with
those endorphins for a very short amount
of time but still it's worth it because
oh my god I feel like shit okay I'm
gonna go ahead put on these leggings
show them off for you guys post down in
the comments what you think which one
was better if we'll rock one or sissy
one let me know post in the comments I
adore you guys so much thank you for
making my day my week my month and being
so understanding when I get sick twice
in one fucking month must be some kind
of initiation to Vegas that I needed
I'm acclimating okay I'll be all right I
actually don't even know what made me so
sick I had stuff at home I had like a
sandwich and I don't think any of my
ingredients are bad and the only thing I
had all week that wasn't at home
that wasn't normal was I went to
Chipotle and I got a quesadilla which I
don't usually get because now I'm like
mostly vegan and a tiny little thing of
rice like one of the little cups of rice
but then after that I was really really
craving a milkshake and I didn't want to
go to veggie way because veggie way is
kind of in this like part of town so I
just like picked one up on the way home
from one of the burger shops I don't
remember which so that might have been
its I don't know dude but yeah let's
just put on leggings and stop talking
about puking
Thank You blue guys
I love you guys so much like the video
subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed
let me know what you think who won the
leggings contest battle awesomeness and
just have a wonderful fucking week on
Tuesday I think it will be I'll have the
patron only Smasher pass up for 300k
whoa thank you guys for all the wishes
and all of the questions our dares the
question in our dere video will be up a
little bit later and I actually think
I'm going to email Ben Shapiro and ask
him if he knows what clip I'm talking
about because I'm looking for a ben
shapiro clip for the video the
controversial people I'd like to fuck
and I feel like I need that clip before
I can put that video up it's driving me
crazy and I've been looking everywhere
and I can't fucking find it and I'm
starting to feel like I'm crazy and I
imagined it because even Jay doesn't
remember it he watched it with me but
anyway enough conspiracy theories among
my self bye guys
