Wow dude how can she be so rude and sing
so beautifully so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to a
feel-good random pointless is fuck video
that I hope makes you smile and laugh
today we are gonna be doing a random is
fuck target hall I went to Target
yesterday for the first time in a while
and realized they have a lot of like
gamer childhood paraphernalia like dr.
Seuss type stuff and they actually had
this section next to the card section
that has a bunch of cool party favors
and gifts and things I wanted to show
you guys some of this stuff it's like
really cool I went to the toy section I
went to the electronics section I was
actually trying to buy a ps4 Pro and get
some bread I really love the Dave's
killer bread that they sell there and
then as I was walking through as I
always do I get sidetracked I was
looking at certain things and I'm like
you know I'm gonna buy a bunch of shit
and then to justify me buying a bunch of
shit I'm gonna just fucking make a haul
video
so without further ado let's get into
the shit but if you do like the video
please like subscribe and let me know in
the comments that you found this funny
because then I'll do more videos like
this that have absolutely no points no
deeper meaning no philosophical topic or
content just some fun shit that I enjoy
let's go through this bag first okay the
first thing I got was this tiny pinata I
don't know why I got a tiny pinata but
it does have eyelashes it's like the
cutest little eyelash pinata ever it was
like 2 bucks or something very adorable
you can fill them here I'm probably just
gonna hang him somewhere behind my
stream or something or maybe I won't use
them at all until I move but how fucking
cute is he I've never seen a pinata this
small and I've been to a lot of birthday
parties the androgynous eyelash donkey I
think it is it's a donkey pinata right
like most santur donkeys or pinatas are
what most standard donkeys are pinatas
that sounds like an animal cruelty case
waiting to happen if you ask me no most
standard pinatas are like donkeys right
right look at him he's so cute look at
the eyelashes I swear thems is some
eyelashes I don't know if it's a girl or
a boy it would have been better at the
Phil here place was like in his ass
oh my god he has a tail oh wow that's so
cute oh I'm sold he was like the last
one to in a group of a bunch of other
bigger pinatas I cannot deny I love
fucking puns this is have a little pun
oh whale and illustrated play on words
buy free to Clemens something like this
is definitely a guilty pleasure of mine
I just I find it too much too fucking
much let's go ahead and look through
this a little bit hopefully it's good I
haven't really looked at it yet have a
little pun hey girlfriend go for it
quite fond of you so corny that one's
too easy that one's a little too easy
honey be yourself oh I like that I
should post on Instagram find your
porpoise oh my god yak yak yak you crazy
alright I think that's enough of that
that's enough of that for right now oh
my god
this is so pretty this is such a good
gift for someone like me and I bought it
for myself so you're welcome Tara thank
you alright the next thing we have a
really one more thing in this bag is a
manatee for tea you guys know that I
love tea stuff and collecting cute tea
and users and I've seen this one on
Amazon but I didn't have it yet so I
just went ahead and bought it it's
really cute it looks like a manatee you
open it up here you stick the tea inside
and then the manatee wants to close him
urgh we're Alcala oh why is it why am I
return okay so once you close him you
can stick them on the side of your cup
and it looks like a manatee is like
hanging on to your cup and coming out
and sticking his tails for like a dip
you know it's so cute let me show you
I'm glad so adorbs and it's actually
pretty big so you can fit a lot of tea
in there a few of them infusers I have a
few of the infusers oh yes they don't
hold that much tea so it's kind of hard
for me to get it closed with the amount
of tea that I put in there I like to mix
some white chai with some oolong
sometimes and yeah it just works better
when it's bigger I don't know why I'm
making this kind of like a review video
I know the point of this is not to show
you hey look at the products to buy
they're gonna be really helpful this is
like a dumb shit that I bought at Target
because I'm far too impulsive but I
should be saving to move type a haul
video a Tara type a haul video I guess
that would just be the best things I'm
gonna save for last though now we have
this tabletop tennis like a ping pong
little set for putting anywhere on any
table so any table
have I was thinking about like when I
start playing magic again taking this to
the magic tournaments and then when we
don't have anything to do or when the
the tournament area has kind of emptied
out a little bit because a lot of people
have lost and gone home and it's getting
later at night to set this up on one of
the tables and just play ping pong in
between rounds I think that would be
really cool it looks like rubber oh let
me open it ah everything's falling out
so it has these little rubber suction
cups that go on the table oh it actually
sticks in my hand really well and then
you stick this in there here's the net
it's like a tiny little net it was funny
we saw this just like thrown somewhere
and it was like half opened and so we
asked the person who worked at Target
like is there any place that this
actually would be found like we want to
find a different one that isn't opened
and she was like you do know that this
isn't like a legit table tennis set
right like this is just like a fun fake
gift thing and I'm like yeah I know why
are you like she's worried about me
being unhappy with my purchase but how
can I be unhappy what's such a fucking
wonderful purchase I don't understand
all right so we've got the ping pong
ball which is just a regular ping pong
ball that's legit and then we've got AA
red blue paddles is this um red and blue
so you can tell if you did backhand or
forward swing or River backhand forward
swing when you're actually in one of the
like ping-pong tournaments I know there
were ping-pong tournaments Jay's dad is
like really into this shit in fact we
got a second one for Jai's dad next time
he comes down so that's the next thing I
bought I definitely I'm gonna try force
Jay to take some footage with me of this
so you guys can see more so hopefully
I'll insert that right here all right
guys the moment of truth
can you can you hold on
oh yes oh yeah that's what I'm saying we
should do the whole table you are not
only to half the table instead of a
whole span of the table really losers
alright here we go you ready Jay all
right all right let's go whoa
what alright it done did don't make it
too tight that's why I done did mm-hmm
all right let's go Jay what I don't want
to like serve it why cuz gay no no just
the first thing is good but it's gonna
be awful cuz serving is hard okay fun
you serve just down maybe or table okay
in ping-pong know what about ping-pong
loser you look buff though so that's
good just be better leg what okay let's
not sit I'm up now what are you talking
about because this is this is good this
is it's you know it's bigger than your
head Jay the balls yeah and this thing
is bigger than your head like it's
bigger than your whole bone god you're
so fucking bad like I can't even know do
you want
I'm holding a camera and I'm able to do
this okay but okay okay okay it's the
mystical shit I got at my titty hold on
man
fucking asshole we have concluded isn't
that right Jay he's a loser loser all
right now it's time to show you guys
what it looks like with Vlad here are
the ping-pong paddles the ball and this
is the net it's actually pretty
heavy-duty for being something that's
supposed to be just like a gag gift the
next thing I got is this adorable little
sheep I don't know I just like this
fucking sheep it's really cute as I told
you guys it's getting close to Easter
and Easter means a lot of really cute
plushies that I can buy and I'm just a
plushie fucking addict animals and
animal plushies and obviously gaming and
nerd related plushies are all just
fucking amazing I collect the shit out
of them so this is my new little Baba
how fucking cute is this face like you
can't like I saw this and I was like
yeah you can't say no to this face I
showed it to Jay and then I put it back
as I thought Jay would be mad if I'd
bought it this was actually the first
thing I grabbed and wanted to make a
frivolous purchase on but he was like
you're not gonna buy the sheep and I'm
like oh my god this is the man I would
marry were I to marry men or were I to
marry at all it makes me sound like a
lesbian anyway keep it cheap right yeah
let's move on all right so the next
thing I bought is extremely annoying and
if you guys watch my stories on
Instagram I just fuckin flooded it with
dumb shit from Target so yeah this is
the next thing I got let me demonstrate
oh yeah it's you guys no error maybe you
don't know but vowels and baby chickens
are my favorite animals of all time and
I just thought this was the cutest thing
ever it actually underneath it's it's
little egg it has like pink little
cheeks or something it's so fucking cute
and then it's got like the jackhammering
fucking dildo hang on the top of the
head top of the fucking egg which J
thought was a flower which is kind of
retarded but whatever you know you can't
choose who you hang out with or to live
with you know I guess you can't choose
the IQ of the people you haphazardly
make friends with I suppose would be the
addendum to that statement but how
fucking cute come on how fucking cute
Vlad show them how cute oh my god we
have to listen to it again don't we I
think we do I'm sorry but I I think we
do here we go alright so the next thing
I got is this thing there mason jar shot
glasses very fucking cute and on the
mason Char Char shot mason jar shot
glasses fucking cock sucks on them a
little picture of a rooster which i
think is really cute the rooster and a
heart and you can hold it like this and
take shots I used to collect shot
glasses and I used to have my friends
who traveled all over the world and all
over the country to get me shot glasses
from each state and each country that
they went to but then I stopped doing
that but now this makes me want to start
doing that again especially when I move
I'm gonna have like a place to display
all that stuff I actually have sonic
shot glasses I have some Mario shot
glasses I have some from like Cebu
Philippines when my friend went there I
just have a lot of shot glasses in that
cupboard over there and I think it would
be really cool if I continued that
tradition but anyway going off on a
tangent this is just so fucking cute and
I think we're gonna have to show you
using glad my man Vlad as long as you
focus girl I will always be yours or
just what it what did I just say okay so
there's the chicken this is what they
look like mason jars shot glasses very
fucking cute they even have the little
handles so you can actually like hold it
so the last thing in here is a bird I
got from the toy section it's a new
exotic songbird and it repeats words for
you and it's from little live pets pet
me and I come alive so I think we should
open the
bird here and let's see what he has to
say to us or she kind of looks like a
sheep maybe it's a transgender bird I
don't know all right we got her out of
her case let's see what she says damn
bird she's like your antiquated
grandmother she may be extremely racist
but you have to love her so cute
I'll be it's so anti-semitic I literally
love this thing do you like my viewers
Wow Wow dude how can she be so rude and
sing so beautifully starting to like her
a little bit more oh man they should not
give this to children Thank You Target
children's toy section all right so
moving on we have one more bag list the
first thing in this bag is these puffer
fish dryer balls I don't know if these
are good or not but supposedly bitch I'm
trying to make a video so how do puffer
fish buddies work
what for fish buddies disperse the wet
laundry in the dryer to promote
efficient circulation of heat and
removal of moisture the spikes on the
puffer fish gently pamper the fabrics
suitable for all fabrics that it can be
tumble dried seems kind of cool they're
really cute I don't know my dryer
doesn't work very well I can't wait to
move and get a better dryer but in the
meantime why not stick some fucking
puffer fish in there and maybe that'll
make it better right maybe who knows
they're cute cute enough to try right
the next thing we have is this little
post-it note collection of Freudian
slips yes yes Freudian slip assorted
sticky notes when you say one thing but
you mean your mother so good so good
it's like a little book with a bunch of
post-it notes and stuff you have the one
with the picture of Freud looking all
silly on the top says 40 and slips when
you say one thing but you mean your
mother down here you have like an Rx
little pamphlet thing with professor dr.
s Freud on it and then you have these
little little things that can tag where
you are in a book or whatever the fuck
you're doing I don't use post-it notes a
lot but I think these are really cute
and if I ever do need or use post-it
notes these are gonna be my favorites we
have one more thing before we move on to
the two best things I got so the next
thing I got
Desktop duck shoot so fucking cute it's
like shooting ducks with rubber bands
with a little gun oh my god we have to
see how this is first I want to show you
guys the packaging with glad because
it's really cute how cute is this
erasers pencils it includes gun pencil
rubber bands and duct erasers ok so the
Ducks are erasers the rubber bands then
you put a pencil in here to make it like
a pencil gun now come down with the
rubber band gun alright so we stick the
Ducks on the table and then we're
supposed to shoot the rubber band gun I
guess what oh there we go you're
supposed to stick it on the back there
ok I didn't mean to shoot it off into
the fucking world
Oh hopefully that didn't fuck up my lens
another thing I'm gonna have to
demonstrate with Jay so if I did get Jay
to do it allow me to film him playing
this or the other way around
that footage will be inserted here you
get your shots here your here your
targets stop yeah stop with one okay
this one's gonna be back here and this
one's gonna be over here so this is your
target epic oh here's Jay this is your
turqu I haven't gotten the gun yet for
you shit alright this is Jay's gun here
you go Jay let's see if you can do it
I'm ready
Oh Vlad now you actually pull the
trigger on the gun fucking work yeah it
works ok
it's to the close career sure
failure you only have two rubber bands
hey I got three but I lost 100 failure
this is cool other madness it's actually
a pencil it's crazy
what see if we can get the closest duck
what did I get no you got nowhere near
it we're gonna do like slow-mo
time-lapse it went like there and then
bounced off what was very useless gun
alright one duck is in fact down we
trying to do yeah like 1000 6 that one
dunk excuse make me like 0 tries oh yeah
yeah
what happened doctor find it again
why where is it all right that's your a
chose nine chose I know every shot that
I did look right 12 we lost we try yeah
that's good Oh 15 okay they went though
Oh sixteen Oh schools oh well I was
victorious we're gonna do a little
editing to make sure that that was the
case how do you feel being the loser J
look at that the light doesn't even like
you you're really gonna see these sheets
guys no only one gun let's just go ahead
and move on to the two greatest things I
bought but I definitely could have
bought more of if I wanted to waste
money on things that I would just have
to transport to the new state that I'm
gonna be living in a few months from now
because I oh my god it's so cool I got
this wall art soar the Mighty Thor wall
art it's actually like a piece of wood
it's really fucking cool
I really love this comic book cover art
I think it's fucking amazing I can't
wait to hang this on my new walls of my
new house oh my god and to complement it
I also got hold on hold on
captain of rip alright knocked it over
Captain America oh yes oh yes this is so
good you've also got like Ant Man and
Thor in this as well and some others I
think this is pretty damn cool they also
had a Superman one in a Batman one and I
literally wanted to buy all four there's
like this whole cool section with like
mugs and shirts and like throw pillows
and blankets all dedicated to different
superheroes and stuff I really think you
guys should check it out if you ever do
go to Target their electronics section
it's behind the electronics section at
least at the Target that I went to
alright I hope you guys enjoyed this
video like and subscribe if you did
there's gonna be two other videos over
here all of my links are down in the
description so if you want to follow me
on Twitter Instagram twitch my other
YouTube channel all of that stuff is in
there and please let me know if you
enjoy my haul videos of any kind would
you rather I stick to occasional
clothing hauls or do you like these
kinds of like nerdy random I bought
myself a bunch of stuff I shouldn't have
holes thank you so much for watching
you're fucking wonderful I hope I made
you smile with this content and now I'm
gonna go ahead and show you the other
things that I got before it ends this
video come on Vlad let's go alright I
bought these wall-mounted unicorn dog
and panda bear a little while back at
Target I didn't even take the tags off
because this is not
they're gonna stay obviously I'm moving
soon but I thought these were really
really cool in my opinion at least
besides the fact that they're just
adorable it shows the irony of how the
human race will kill some animals but if
someone did have a panda bear head or a
dog head on their wall it would be like
so wrong to like most people and I also
got I don't know if you can see but
these little pins for the wall
oh no I fucked it up no don't fall out
oh well they're arrows I also got them
at Target so yeah moral of the story
Target actually has some cool shit it's
not just a place to go and buy some of
your essentials bye guys
