hey guys state we're gonna have some fun
with makeup and I'm gonna show you guys
how a man should do his makeup because
that's a thing and totally not gay right
Wesley
yeah totally the first thing we're gonna
do is use this because that's totally
socially acceptable for a man to put
powder all over his face totally not gay
and he's really pink he's really really
pink so we're gonna put it all over his
face because that's totally normal okay
no pretty are you gonna be here oh my
god you are not gay that's not gay
that's the UH not gay version of
prettiest hi yeah it's okay now hide
your lips
hide your lips there you go cuz we want
to make sure that his big dick sucking
lips are still visible though the
possible corners that he might have when
he goes out looking so fly
I've heard that Wesley has practice
putting it on his skin face he's putting
it on his face but that's what goes on
yeah you need to cover any imperfections
you might happen like this stupid weird
whole thing and also you look like you
haven't slept in like five to seven
weeks I totally slept last night no you
haven't slept for five I can't see this
side of your face
cover up we're gonna okay see like you
have bags under your eyes from all of
the bases left all of the gay sex you've
been having what so we're gonna cover
that up I thought we weren't gonna talk
about how
look we're not supposed to bring up how
many dicks I saw how many sexy sexist
thing that we talked about close your
eyes and yet do the thing you're so good
at this you already know closing your
eyes and doing a thing oh my god weird
look big your cheeks look big we're
gonna make them look bigger it's like
this weird blueish line under my eyes oh
right oh my god Wesley we're gonna blend
some shit to me guys we're gonna blur
and I'm really fast and speedy with
makeup so he is gonna look perfect in no
time flat oh my god
now we're gonna contour because we want
him to have the best looking man shaped
face face shape because I'm gonna
accentuate your butt change because I
think that's funny you have fun with
that this is all about contouring it
brings out the best in your face shape
hello yeah hey shape best news face
shape business okay what do you look
like in the know oh my god you're so
pretty oh my god oh my god oh my god
he's so pretty
is he not pretty yet I don't understand
I thought you just made it so that I
didn't look red now you're gonna make me
look red again that's that's what's
funny about makeup
you take the redness off to put the
redness back on in the correct place
that's just what you do is it not
you are like Zoolander fucking 2014 have
you ever watched cylinder mmm-hmm do you
feel do you feel that cool do you feel
is that your blue steel oh my god oh my
god I just changed my panties oh my God
look at your chin I totally made your
chin look awesome
oh my god get out of the friendzone
that'd be nice yeah totally
the friendzone cuz I was born into that
shit I don't know if you've seen the
meme but yeah
you were born I'm your sister was like
we should just be friends so yes very
nice very nice eyebrows now
fucking huge Jesus Christ you're gonna
do look beautiful
all right wait wait this one looks like
a straight line down and this one looks
like a grounded curve very symmetric
eyebrows are supposed to be sisters not
twins this looks completely different
also they're huge
oh my god okay oh my god look oh my god
my favorite part is gonna be the lips
because you have these like lips that
belong around a copy I'm not a Lionel
okay so no my god come back come back
why are you so afraid of this brush
right now like it's not gonna fucking
rip your eyes obviously maybe it will if
you laughs look what you've done
no no okay there yeah you look pretty
it looks pretty I don't understand
and I've already put some glue right
here for the highly fake I love your
putting fake island yes I'm pretty fake
eyelashes on you because I feel like
that will bring out your beautiful blue
eyes do you see how big mine are you
like I'm like one of those weird people
from one of those weird movies I know do
you see how big my my eyes are that's
your eyes I know I'm not allowed to rub
my face I am I know that's like five
inch that is the plate I'm gonna make
your jaw more accentuated because you
have this but you know I've always
wanted to see a man and makeup okay I
feel like that's the most manly Oh No
don't talk what oh shit oh why are you
saying oh shit oh oh are you a homo
Jesus Christ why would it be bad
you're not supposed to look here right
now you look silly but in up to seconds
you are going to look relaxed okay so
there's a hey there's a rule you can do
with a finger or a penis which one do
you prefer to do what do what what I'm
going to tell you right now finger whoa
wait seven my penis going inside not a
man not okay it will be going in your
mouth whoa yeah because you're still
heterosexual
despite hey look so take your finger go
like this mmm mmm do it it's a thing
it's a thing trust me no you have to
like actually okay dude see you fucking
it like wrap your lips around it am I in
my dick sucking my finger ah okay I
don't then it prevents you it prevents
you from getting lipstick on your teeth
and helps you practice for fucking glue
on this is terrible they can't see
anything
every time over my eyes I'm like what
the fuck are you doing you're doing it
wrong I don't know what they're doing
awful okay you did well you did well you
can keep your eyes closed because we're
gonna do eyeshadow it's my favorite part
and that's why I never do it getting
real get too far Hitler we don't care
Hitler's babies all right I guess that's
like you say you know who and people
think you're type of ultimart you me
like the guy and killed the Jews and
they look like whoa you're talking about
the guy who killed the Jews like you
know Harry Potter's guy this is a makeup
video and it became a Nazi propaganda
video we're sorry you look like you're
crying don't cry that's because you're
so beautiful you're crying alright
thank you for being a good sport and for
being a good sport you get a make up to
make a kiss yeah but now there's makeup
on my lips because she cares about her
lips okay one more there you go
yay finished told you my game he's
totally not gay why would this even
reward anyone thinking that he I don't
understand yeah see that definitely not
gay also definitely not gay also this
way too fabulous to be gay okay oh this
was entertaining for you guys don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel and make sure you check out
all the other videos I'm probably gonna
upload this to my vlog channel because
this absolutely has nothing to do with
gaming maybe if you were a magic pro
become a magic pro and my improv pro
fight yeah here's one pro point as a pro
good much wow right great how do you
feel it makes my teeth look white mmm
that's why he's mine though that's
what's yours you fail in life all right
um
bye guys
