hey guys um it is a vlog time which is
awesome so um I'm wearing a fuck ton of
makeup like this is like full-on 100%
model makeup right now I've got the
contouring going on and the cheek stuff
and the cheek highlighters and lots and
lots of eyeshadow which is something I
actually really hate to do I feel like I
shadow makes you look really trashy but
for a photoshoot it's not that bad so
I'm wearing the red lips the e trashy
eye makeup that my roommate really likes
like he really likes it and I really
like his dick so I've decided to do what
makes his dick happy right doesn't that
make sense so um quite a few things to
talk about one of which is what happened
last time and what's going on with that
um I've just basically decided that
since he doesn't understand my feelings
with why I feel like you need to stick
up for your friends especially in public
and stuff and why you save the
disagreements for later in private and
he just completely doesn't understand it
so I'm just going to regard him I guess
as a friend that I care less about like
less of a close friend because the
amount of time that we spend together
and the amount of time the amount of
things we do together kind of made me
feel like okay this guy is like my
second best friend right now or my third
best friend right now but um with that
kind of difference I just can't see us
being that close of friends and it hurts
but at the same time it's okay if I
think of it like that and I'm like okay
you know we're just not meant to be
really really close friends then I can
just rationalize like that and it
doesn't hurt as much and I can spend
just as much time with him but I can
only see him as like okay he's a magic
friend and he's a friend who is really
good on stream and really entertaining
and we're just kind of buddies you know
and that's how it is and I mean he's not
like a burden to have around I really
like having him around and I miss him
when he's not around but it sucks that
we this is like a fundamental thing I
feel in a relationship and a friendship
that just needs to happen and it isn't
happening so yeah and it's funny because
um the day after I posted my last vlog
we got on a Skype call actually was the
same day but it was later we got on a
Skype call with myself
my roommate Leslie the guy in question
if you guys didn't watch my last fall
and two other friends of ours or like
mutual friends of ours who aren't like
super close and like we were laying it
out for them because they also go to the
same shop so we were talking about what
should we do with J almost getting
kicked out or something should we like
go to a different shop should we contact
them and talk to them about it all that
stuff and everyone in the call was
agreeing with us and then later Wesley
just chalks it up to like oh well you
guys have made it clear that you always
have to be agreed with so obviously they
want to be your friend so they're gonna
agree with you I'm like that is not at
all what I was saying you're taking
everything out of context and it drives
me crazy that he in his head is saying
like okay I understand where you're
coming from
I understand where you're coming from
and I get that yeah that makes sense but
then he's just like rationalizing it
some fucked up way we're like we're some
tyrants that are like yeah you have to
agree with every goddamn notion that we
have in our heads or we're not friends
with you that's not what I'm asking for
I'm just asking for when someone is in
an argument or someone is being offended
of your friends you stick up for them in
public and then later you can pull them
aside you can be like hey guys I really
don't like appreciate the way you
handled that or I really don't agree
with you back there but of course I'm
gonna stick up for you when you're you
know in the argument because you're my
friend and I stick up for my friends and
it's even in a song stick up for your
friends even when you think they're
wrong like that's just a thing you do in
my opinion and Wesley takes it as like
whoa you guys are tyrants you know if
you if we don't agree with you we're no
longer friends with you so that's what
your friends were doing and I'm like no
my friends just actually agree later
they would have told me that they didn't
agree but later they texted me and said
that they don't like you anymore because
the way you handled things well I
actually almost started crying on that
Skype call because he like stuck up for
someone else and like and against me
again like he just constantly does it so
yeah I just I can't I can't be that
close with him you know it sucks
something else I wanted to clear up know
my roommate was not it was in no way
making a fool of himself or you know
needed to be talked down a bit like they
were I was surprised in the comments
that there was like two or three people
that had disagreed with me
and but it seemed like the only reason
they disagreed with me was because they
were thinking that my room
was throwing some kind of huge tantrum
that was gonna get him put in jail and
know like when it's something like that
you got a you're gonna defuse the
situation but you definitely don't go
against against your friend you never go
against your friend in public and make
them look stupid that's just something
you don't do why would you ever want to
make your friends look stupid that makes
no sense um so yeah I was also surprised
with the amount of people that agreed
with me and being a good friend that I
am when I saw you guys disagreeing with
me and being like Wesley's an asshole I
never liked that guy it made me mad at
you guys because I'm like Wesley's my
friend don't talk bad about him he were
going through a thing right now that's
none of your fucking business you know
like so that's how I am I just stick up
for my friends and I love my friends and
I care about my friends and they mean a
lot to me so why would I ever do
anything different you know what I'm
saying and it just kind of fucked up to
me that he doesn't understand that like
I asked him if you were in a group of
guys like that's some kind of magic
event and they were like Terra is such a
whore all she does is use her boobs for
views and she's really bad at magic and
she's a stupid slut and she's hella
anoying I was like would you say
anything he's like well that wouldn't
bother me so no and I'm like oh my god
that's pretty bad like at least to just
be like I don't agree guys she's a great
girl like something like that at least
is sufficient but he wouldn't do
anything makes me feel like he would
like join in and then like the next day
he comes over and I'm like you can come
over but I'm not gonna be the same to
you as I usually am and he's like yeah I
think I have Asperger's I'm like really
really I don't think so
so I feel like he's just kind of
deflecting again and it's like I told
Jay not to bring it up anymore because
I'm done with it and I'm just gonna view
him as less of a close friend but we're
still gonna spend time together because
I enjoy the time we spend together it's
just we can't make we can't push that
friendship any further because yeah also
a lot of you guys misunderstood when I
was talking about zooming games I am not
cut from zooming games I'm just not
doing the news section there were four
four shows that I was doing a week one
was the Tara show one was a shopping
guide and then 2 News's I'm not doing
the 2 News's anymore because it's news
twice a week and then the shopping guide
and Tara show so I'm still a part of
zooming games and
still going to e3 with them of course
and I'm still doing shows for them just
not the news so if you guys want to get
the news you're gonna get it from the
voice-over lady who yes if a person no
she's not a computer but she doesn't
want to reveal her identity so I can't
tell you who she is but I do know for a
fact that she's a person since a lot of
you guys have been wondering and asking
that um I don't like there's much else
to tell you tomorrow is Friday night
magic the next day I'm going to a Star
City Games qualifier which should be fun
it's at my normal card shop so it should
be pretty comfortable and hopefully I
win or get up there I don't think I'm
gonna win but I mean just to place in
the top top 16 would be cool top eight
something like that would be pretty sick
got it I can't lie that would be pretty
cool yeah um I'm gonna go stream yeah
I'm gonna stream some duo Q with my
roommate and stuff that should be fun
and I still need to do my hair it's like
nothing nothingness but yeah and you
guys who keep saying is that this is
duck lips
that's not duck lips you know what duck
lips is this that's duck lips so when my
girls have no lips and then they try to
make a kiss you but instead it's like
this flat thing like oh that's duck lips
duck lips are not like pouty sexy lips
you guys need to get that straight I
hate when something becomes like a
stupid like hipster trend like saying
girls have duck lips or something and
then nobody uses it right and they just
like mindlessly use it you know just to
be cool I hate that shit like when
someone's natural is better and all that
stuff a lot of people are just saying
that without actually knowing why in
their hearts or in their penises they
think that fake is bad because like when
my boobs are as soft as real boobs yet
they are perky and not saggy and they
can be huge and look great there is
nothing wrong with fake I'm a hundred
and ten percent believer that fake is
ten times better than natural that done
right because you know yeah people like
say you look like a doll as like a dis
like what no that's not how things work
um so yeah I kind of like laughs at
society when they try to diss me with
things like that because to me that
makes absolutely no sense like yeah I
would rather have big fat saggy titties
than some you know nice perky big ones
that actually look hot you know that's
just like they're saying like for some
reason in itself the fact that you're
fake is a turn-off when that makes no
sense at all and I understand if you
don't like ripples or some like crazy
dysfunction that happens with fake boobs
or something or if you actually do
prefer your boobs to be long and saggy
and with a huge nipple or something
that's perfectly fine it's okay to have
your own preferences but it's stupid in
my opinion to just like
pander off like stupid words that mean
nothing they're just like said so you
say them as well you know that's why I'm
not a big fan of like copying other
people's quotes and sayings as well and
like having them as my own because I
like to make my own opinions and my own
judgments and use my own life experience
to make decisions yeah I'm gonna go I
need to do with them now and I'm gonna
do a duck face oh my god because I think
that's sexy and I'm gonna give a shit
what you think oh I never hold the
camera there we go
thanks for watching guys I
