guys I have to do zooming games videos
but first I thought I would do a vlog
because there's a lot of stuff on my
mind right now like a ton and I want to
share it with you guys of course because
you guys are very important to me and
you guys are kind of like my diary and
everything so the first thing today was
I had a conference call with my boss at
Suman games who is named Robert who was
one of the he's really cool there's two
guys that work on zoomin games it's
basically like their baby those two guys
and then there's the voice-over lady
which I'm sure you guys have heard a lot
in a lot of the videos like the top five
videos and stuff if you go to
youtube.com slash Zubin games that is
one of the places I do videos for gaming
wise and um they've decided that I'm not
gonna be the host for the news anymore
and they swear up and down that it's not
because like people hate on the fact
that I have cleavage or whatever or
because say things like people say
things like you know I can't focus on
the news with all these boobs you know
like Tara needs to cover herself up so I
can focus on gaming news and stuff like
that they think it's because I'm here in
the US and they're in the Netherlands
and when they get the news and write the
the news up I have to like do the video
and then send it back to them and they
would rather do it in house with the
voice-over lady because then it won't be
like two days later than the news
actually came out it'll be more up to
the minute which I completely understand
so I'm like okay that's cool and I still
have the Tara my Tara show and my
boo-boos I saw my Tara show my boobies I
still have the shopping guide which is
like what new games are coming out and
when and stuff like that so I'm not too
sad about it but I am I feel a little
bit sad about it like just a little bit
I feel like I'm gonna be missing
something in my life and even though
it's like a lot less work for me I still
feel kind of sad I'm sure you guys could
understand that the next thing is that I
actually spent the time to make my
eyebrows and my makeup like flawless
today and of course my stupid eyelash is
always go on different so it looks like
I have two different sized eyes or
something putting on fake eyelashes this
bead that was weird putting on fake
eyelashes is like the hardest thing to
do fucking ever I contoured my face I
mean everything all pretty but putting
on eyelashes just ruin the whole fucking
thing which is fine because I'm you
lazy as fuck when it comes to makeup
let's turn this around so I can because
I like laying on the floor I also still
need to back up Saddam hater
but oh this is not the right way to look
normal
there we go umm so yeah another thing
that's really on my mind has been
bothering me a lot lately is um okay
well first of all you guys said like
last video you're like we really
appreciate you sharing a lot but if
you're gonna share share everything
don't leave us in suspense and I can't
in good conscience do that because
there's like let's say that married guy
or something if I was to name him and
give the details the details might give
out exactly who that person is and the
name could like basically slander them
and get them in trouble so I have to
think about other people I'm completely
open with everything that's going on
with me but if it implicates someone
else I can't be just like giving out a
hundred percent of information it's just
something I can't do out of respect for
the you know third party your second
party involved if that makes any sense
so I promise you guys I will always give
you as much as I possibly can sometimes
that'll be less sometimes that'll be
more but I'm always gonna do my best to
share everything I possibly can with you
guys because I feel like an open book I
feel like I can tell you guys anything I
feel like I get great feedback from you
guys and I love having these kind of
like one-sided conversations where I'm
like oh you guys said this last week in
the comments so I want to reply to that
and make sure you guys understand me or
you guys misunderstood me or thanks a
lot for the advice but this week I can
name names because it's not about sex
it's not slanderous it's not that
dramatic or anything but I'm having
problems with Wesley the guy I've been
playing a lot of magic and a lot of
Super Mario Brothers and a lot of
hearthstone a lot of streaming if you've
watched my stream or anything on my
gaming channel you've seen Wesley um
I've been having problems with him as
his ideals for what a friend should be
are not at all aligned with mine and
it's very hurtful to me that he doesn't
understand that he's also friends with
my roommate and we spend a lot of time
us3 together
but um he okay for instance he told a
bunch of my friends behind my back
that he doesn't have the heart to tell
me I'm bad at magic while I was playing
like that made me feel so like Pathet
there's one thing to be like walk up to
me in front of me and be like oh my god
Terry you're so bad and like make jokes
and like troll me and stuff I love that
kind of thing I love to be able to talk
shit to my friends and they talk shit
back and I can take it and I can deal it
and that's completely fine but to say it
in such a way that makes me feel like
I'm so pathetic and that he doesn't
respect me and that like he doesn't
respect me as a person who can take
criticism and then he's not trying to
help me and rather he's just lying to me
felt really bad and he didn't get why
that is a bad thing to do the next thing
that happened was I guess there was some
kind of slight confrontation now you
guys don't know my roommate very well
because he doesn't want to be on camera
very much but he's a guy that likes to
troll people and he's a manly guy so
sometimes when he trolls people he
offends them or they think he's being
too aggressive or something but like all
of our good friends love him and think
he's hilarious and he's a great guy and
he means well and he's actually a lot
nicer of a person than I am I actually
don't believe in just being nice to
people out of the necessity to be nice
and respecting people when you don't
know them at all I'm not really like
that I think respect should be warranted
in some way so if someone does something
to me that I don't like they all know
about it and I'm very blunt and I'm very
open and I'm very honest and very real
with everything that goes on with my
life
Wesley is very pleasant and believes in
niceness over everything and a lot of
his friends are very fake in my opinion
or their personality is they're very
like like they would talk a lot of shit
behind people's backs but be very
pleasant to people's faces and that's
something that I don't like it all or
respect so um when my roommate kind of
got in a confrontation with someone at
the card shop because he thought he was
gonna get a game loss because he
accidentally played the wrong opponent
because the opponent his first name what
it like there were two Tim's but he
played the wrong Tim so basically that's
what's going on and there was
okay you played the wrong guy you guys
are probably you guys might get a game
loss and my roommate was up there and he
was like saying how they need to have
table numbers because that makes more
sense so people aren't just like calling
out each other's names and it's chaos
which you can or cannot agree with at a
card shop you kind of want to if you
have more than like ten people you're
gonna want to have to have like places
where people can meet up so you're not
just screaming a who's Tara a who's
Wesley like that makes no fucking sense
and it just becomes chaos and I don't
like it when a card shop does that but J
especially doesn't like it especially if
he feels like it's the card shops fault
then you might get a game loss because
that wasn't implemented into the card
shop into the card shops like
proceedings and stuff basically just
like fight for a chair and try to yell
for your guy it's like Oh anyway so he
goes up to the shop place and he might
have been a little bit argumentative but
he might have not been and he kind of
comes off that way without actually
being that way because like I said he's
kind of got an overbearing voice and a
manly voice and he he's like he likes to
be sarcastic and stuff like that which
there's nothing wrong with that most
people think hilarious now um
Wesley comes up and starts disagreeing
with him and telling him to calm down
and stuff in front of the card shop
owner guy and Jake gets pissed off about
that because first of all if you're
friends with someone you don't ever like
disagree with them when they're having a
passionate conversation in public like
you might pull your friend aside later
and be like hey you know I don't really
agree with the way you handled things
earlier and that's fine but to make your
friend look stupid in public against
someone who you don't consider to be as
close of a friend to me is just so wrong
like I have been known to be mean to
people sometimes like there was a
argument I got in at the airport where
some guy wanted me to check my my
carry-on luggage because he said it was
too big but I had traveled with that
luggage a thousand times and I had some
very valuable things in it that I didn't
want broken or misplaced so I was like
no and then we got an argument and I
started yelling at the guy and calling
him a fucking idiot and he's done I like
I was really mean because sometimes I
get really mean that's just who I am I
don't hold back my emotions like at all
I'm not that kind of person and my
roommate hates it when I caused the
scene like so much he like wants to keep
peace like he'll be condescending to a
person but he's never gonna like get
angry or anything like that and he
didn't say anything but later he was
like can you please not do that that's
really embarrassing for me and it felt
really uncomfortable and like that's the
way you're supposed to handle it but to
me when I really care about a friend I
will do anything in public for them I
will do whatever they want me to do I
will stick up for your friend even when
I know like I'll stick up for a friend
even when I know they're wrong because
that's just what you do as a friend that
you have their back you know and I guess
to Wesley that doesn't make any sense he
was like well I thought Jay was being an
asshole which in the first place means
he doesn't understand how Jay is as a
person because myself and like even the
fifteen-year-old kid that we hang out
with Brandon like understands that
that's just you know Jay having a
conversation and disagreeing with
someone not Jay yelling and being
belligerent to someone and it just
doesn't make any sense that Wesley
doesn't have the same sentiment for
friendship that I do and it actually it
hurts me a lot because I feel like
there's no way we can proceed and become
closer friends so that's the big thing
that's going on right now and every time
I try to explain this to Wesley he I get
a little bit heated about it and he
probably just thinks I'm like some Nazi
tyrant that like I was trying to tell
them what to do and like doesn't want
any kind of peace whatsoever but to me
it's just like I'm you're supposed to
stick up for your friend like one
nobody likes Wesley let's just put it
that way he's really loud he's really
condescending to people in the magic
shop because he's really good at magic
and a lot of people are really bad at
magic and he doesn't respect people who
aren't good at magic if he doesn't see
any other redeeming qualities in them so
he's kind of hated among all of the card
shops that we go to but I would stick up
for him to my last breath because I care
about him and consider him a friend
and he don't feel he would do the same
to me and that to myself or to Jay and
that makes me sad you know
I don't know so I think I've rented
enough about this it's been 11 minutes
I'll talk to you guys later
do you like my perfect eyebrows they're
so perfect oh my god and my nice
cheekbones oh my god I have to do zoom
videos and it's like 6 o'clock
um yeah oh I also might not be going to
Gamescom because I'm a good friend let's
just put it at that we'll see when it
gets closer to the time the gamescom is
coming around but I've decided that at
this point I probably won't be going
because it coincides with another really
important date so yeah so all you german
men out there that wanted to to get to
know me and molest and all the things
that I would enjoy definitely I probably
won't see you guys this year you know
what I was excited the most about going
to Germany buying boxes of magic cards
in German because German magic cards
don't ship here Spanish magic card ship
here Italian magic card ship here
Japanese and Chinese magic hardship here
fucking German cards don't ship here
it's the only one where you can't just
like buy it in a shop that has a lot of
surplus or something or buy it at a
vendor because they just don't ship here
for some reason which makes no sense it
makes sense maybe that Spanish cards
would be here because you know South
America is connected to us and all that
and it's not a different continent but
like really you have Chinese and
Japanese cards shipping hairlike what is
it in like higher demand like you don't
want to be able to buy Garrick roofers
or Beeston in any shop that doesn't make
any sense to me it makes me sad so yeah
guys um I gotta go do things but thanks
for watching and I hope you guys like my
beautiful eyebrows oh my god they're so
beautiful like Oh oh my god my oh my
everything is so well-kept today except
for these fucking eyelashes that make
things imperfect
I don't like imperfection back I'm gonna
take a thumbnail I should probably take
a thumbnail sitting on the green-screen
place so that you know did you some
things I'm sick
okay
goodbye guys
