hey guys so I was going to start doing
more vlogs more frequently again so I'm
here laying on my bed and I'm gonna do
them chickens and things yeah I really
like stuffed animals if you guys haven't
noticed it's it's a passion of mine I
collect them I have thousands and
thousands more than you see right here
this is just my headboard and I like
really cute ones with like huge big eyes
and stuff like that I don't know it's
just the thing I've been collecting them
since I was really young um I was an
only child so I was really spoiled and
something I was really spoiled with
other than video games was stuffed
animals my parents um fucking was it
called garage not garage uh shed in the
backyard it's like full of like bags of
stuffed animals i had a bunk bed as an
only child when i was younger because i
had a top bunk full piled with stuffed
animals and i remember any time i would
start liking something like for instance
one of the times i remember i was really
in love with sonic the hedgehog and i
really wanted a tail stuffed animal but
like that wasn't a thing back then for
some reason and I looked everywhere and
we finally went to this japanese shop
and I remember just seeing him there
right on the bottom shelf and I was like
a tale so danimal oh my god and I loved
the shit out of that stuffed animal holy
fuck i wish i could find it to show you
his tails are all like matted fur and I
just fucking loved that fucking such
animal but yeah so this one's my
favorite you're so the reason yours my
favorite because um this is the only one
that my roommate ever bought me out of
like the randomest randomness right we
were inside disney and we were buying a
present for his cousin I think for his
cousin's birthday or some shit and he
just comes up to the register with this
and he's like I don't know I mean you
like you all right and I wanted to get
it for you and I really do like you are
I think he's so sad and cynical in the
world he doesn't need to be like that
he's so cute so I take him anywhere that
Jay doesn't go which is my roommate
anytime I travel he's always sticking
out of the my carry-on
sads always sticking out and I get a lot
of compliments and comments from people
be like oh is that your friends at your
travel buddy I'm like yes duh oh my god
but um I'm a little bit frazzled today
so about yesterday's vlog one thing I
needed to clarify was that the married
guy and Wesley are not the same guy so
the married guy is not churchy earliest
i don't think he is and Wesley has an
upbringing in church eNOS another thing
people asked me was how old I am i'm 24
and yeah wesley is 19 I thought he was
older too because he's a foot taller
than me and like a hundred pounds
heavier than me so I was like oh there's
no way this guy's younger than me and
then I found out that he was and that
was kind of weird for me but it's all
right Oh today I have a little bit
frazzled because a little bit sad
because I'm bothered by something that
someone did okay there's a few things
that to me are like complete and utter
forever turn offs and um I don't really
want to say what it is because I feel
like I want you guys to judge this
objectively rather than taking what it
is and turning it into like a debate
about whether or not I should feel bad
about it and I should be turned off by
it or whether or not it makes me a bad
person or too conceited or shallow or
whatever the fuck that doesn't matter
what matters right now is there's just
something that in my brain if someone
does it to me it's a hundred percent
like deal-breaker turn off type thing
and I'm really sad that I'm seeing that
in this person who is not my roommate by
the way I never have any really big
complaints about my roommate we just fit
together we've been fitting together for
like nine years so like any little
problems we have we always just you know
surpassed that and our relationship cone
blesses back into what it was before but
this person it was starting to be
important to me and now I feel kind of
disheartened about the whole
relationship and it makes me sad ok so I
was talking and it shut off because I
need to make more room on my phone which
makes total sense because I have like
twenty ten minute videos on here anyway
so it makes me kind of sad because I
feel like I was getting really close to
that person and that person could be
something really special to me and
something really important to me and now
I kind of feel like oh and I'm gonna
have to like explain why I feel this way
or maybe just try to ignore it and
pretend it's not there or just deal with
it or something but um so this person
like we're this person really cares
about me right and he wants I told him
we could never like maybe another life
we could you know date and live happily
ever after forever and he was like well
why can't we date in this life I was
like well other than the fact I don't
date there's a lot of things and so he's
making me tell him all the things and I
don't think he takes them as seriously
as he should when I tell him he's always
like oh we can just work around that or
oh there's no reason to feel that layer
and whatnot and it's just like I don't
think you understand how big of a deal
breaker these things are how important
these things are to me it's like you
know I just oh so I feel kind of shitty
about all that I don't I don't know how
to explain it and I don't know how big
of a deal it is if I'm not a big deal
but it still makes me kind of sad cuz
you know fairy tales are fun and
happiness is better and passion is
awesome and you know new interests and
new like I guess you could call it love
it is fun you know but um new new
passions with people and new friendships
and new things that grow beyond just
like an acquaintance which is very rare
for me it's very rare for me to actually
call someone more than an acquaintance
and usually when I do I soon realized
that that person isn't worthy of that
title and I'm just like oh he does have
some of those deal breakers or something
that completely turned me off to this
person like for instance um these have
nothing to do with anyone and that's why
I'm going to use them as examples but
one of the turn-offs I have is like
really bad hygiene like that could be a
huge turnoff or someone who's like
really really into religion that that
would be a huge turnoff none of these
again I know you guys are going to
fucking convolute everything I say but
none of these things that I'm like
giving you examples of right now are
actually happening in my life with
anyone that I know these are not one of
the reasons why
I am feeling turned off to this guy or
anything like that um another reason can
be like I don't know he just has like a
really super Lake like really super
girly personality doesn't seem manly
something like that or he has no
backbone he doesn't stick up for what he
believes in stuff like that just like
gets to me and it's like oh I can't call
this person one of my closest and most
important people in my life you know
because you just have that thing that's
like oh that's a turnoff and I would
love to hear down in the comments if
there's anything like that any like
little personality things that are like
deal breakers or any like even physical
things that are deal breakers completely
when you're thinking about getting into
it into a new relationship whether it be
friendship or more than that you know
like a sexual thing or a boyfriend or
girlfriend or even if you're like been
dating someone for a long time and
you're thinking about you know popping
the question or something are there
things that like stop you in your tracks
like certain mannerisms and behavior
things I don't know it's like you know
everyone is an individual person but
there are some things that I require in
order for us to mesh and like as much as
I started to care about this person
without knowing him very much I feel
like the more he's making me tell him
all these things that are the reason why
in this hypothetical world we could
never date forever and be happily ever
after all that shit like it's making me
realize more and more that I'm right
about that you know something like that
so yeah I would have some drama to talk
about for a long time don't I well yeah
let's take a fucking picture because I
have to take a picture there we go um
thanks for watching guys I will be
vlogging again hopefully tomorrow
because I'm awesome and I don't forgot
to fuck your blog I really said that I
didn't vlog at that party I wanted to
read you guys my black cards against
humanity card and pick one in front of
you guys I know you guys want to see
some videos of cards against humanity
that I'll probably be doing at some
point and posting on my gaming channel
because that's totally gaming tabletop
gaming is gaming and it's something that
I'm starting to pick up and love more
and more fuck yeah
going but yeah I'll talk to you guys
later bye
