hey guys holy crap it's been fucking
forever since I made a vlog are you guys
mad at me I'm so sorry you holy shit
I've been so busy and I every time I
have a second to make a vlog I'm like
why don't I make a vlog and then I end
up forgetting or I just don't do it
because I end up getting like so busy
with like other stupid shit that doesn't
matter because you guys matter and
telling you what's going on in my life
freakin matters and so I'm sorry I've
been neglecting you guys in short um
I've been playing a lot of magic as
usual I went to a Star City Games open
like I think not last weekend with the
weekend before maybe last weekend I
don't know and then the last time I
vlogged I was in fucking Spokane which
is in this state but like six hours away
before a ptq which I did very terrible
at it was like fucking I went for no
three-four drop and then Wesley who is
the guy I've been playing video games
with and also like one of my closest
friends now went with me and he went for
three and dropped and usually he never
loses he's like amazing and magic and
all that stuff so it was pretty it was
pretty sad that we drove that far for
nothing but then we went back to the
hotel and took a nap and then drove back
and driving back was kind of terrible
because I told him okay we're gonna take
a nap and you're gonna be fucking awake
because I really don't want to drive
your stupid van because I don't like
driving like bigger cars I like driving
compact cars
that's all I like to drive that's all I
want to drive so suck a dick you know
but um hands up like almost falling
asleep at the wheel and I'm like trying
to keep him awake like poking him and
like trying to make him talk and it was
pretty awful yeah but um remember how I
told you guys I can be more candid about
things right now so remember how I told
you guys that there was this married guy
I was interested in
well I'm no longer interested in him and
what happened was I kind of started
being closer to him as a friend
right and I'm like you know what fuck it
I don't want to like have any issues and
I don't want to ruin this because things
are going really well and we have a lot
of we had a lot of fun and everything
was great um so then I just kind of
backed off right but some kind of
scandalous things happened when we were
on a trip recently where we didn't
actually like he didn't actually cheat
or anything and I think actually really
happened but we were really flirty like
I was sitting on his lap and
he was like whispering in my ear and
like hugging me picking me up I think we
held hands for a little bit or something
also my camera is about to start beeping
and telling me that it's gonna shut off
the beeping yeah there goes it's gonna
be kind of annoying so I'll just talk
over it anyway so that stuff happened
but it was in the past
and we just started to become friends
right and then um all of a sudden he
cancelled all of the things that we were
supposed to do together and he the one
thing that he kind of couldn't like back
out on he was like yeah my wife's gonna
come so if you're not okay with my wife
coming or whatever find a different ride
to this place and I'm like okay whatever
something is seriously going down and he
stopped messaging me everyday about like
certain like non non-sexual things it
was just like friend stuff and like
completely stop talking to me right so
I'm like are you avoiding me or am I
crazy or something I messaged him he
ignored me again and then I find out
from a friend that I guess he's like I
regret even going out and drinking with
her that night and all that stuff and
how I guess he's not allowed to talk to
me anymore which I find fucking
ridiculous so we go to the same events
and stuff and now he's like just
avoiding me like straight up like not
even looking in my direction
staying half a room way for me it just
feels so stupid because we started to
become friends and nothing actually
happened and now we can't be friends
because his wife is jealous and his wife
actually showed up somewhere and gave me
like the biggest stink eye like the
whole time and I'm wearing this like
short dress and I'm like looking super
hot and she's like not at all hot at all
like I don't even understand it's
usually like where the woman dates down
because women you know like personality
and all that stuff and then a man will
try to date up so it kind of works out
you know but this is like the total
polar opposite holy shit and um I just
think it's so funny when people are that
possessive like you can't have a friend
with someone like this has happened to
me countless times in my life where even
when I'm not interested in the person
and he's not interested in me I'll have
a guy friend and then I'll lose him once
he gets a girlfriend or a wife or
something like that which is my in my
opinion really sad because relationships
are built on trust and the way I see
relationships it's like why would you
tell your
significant other they can't hang out
with you who to hang out with or what to
do that just puts them in a cage and
makes them want to explore more and not
be as like you know comfortable with you
telling you their desires and telling
you everything that they want or
everything that they feel it starts to
become like you're not even really their
friend you're just more like their cage
and the person that tells them what to
do you know so it seems kind of stupid
to act that way to someone you love and
then also like let's say you're married
or dating someone and that person
actually finds the real soulmate you
know wouldn't you want them to you know
I don't know just to me I would want
that person to be happy no matter what
and that would be my first goal so it's
counterintuitive to fucking be like you
can't do this you can't do that you
can't do what you want I'm just like
worried irrationally about something
because I am insecure about my own self
and I'm not confident at all it's like
that's something that is not confident
to me when you have to talk shit about
other people or worry about what other
people are doing that's not confident
people often say that oh I show my body
so I must not have any self respect or
confidence but that's like the total
opposite I'm so confident in myself in
my in my actual reasoning for the way
that I am and how I am that is just I
don't give a shit what other people say
at all and I just do what I want I do
what makes me happy and that just makes
me happy there's nothing else to it but
when I am intervening in someone else's
life it's like uh-uh
what else has been going on I've been
spending a lot of time with that Wesley
guy um he's at first like hated him I'll
tell you the story like he went to my
magic like I started going to a new
magic store right because they had
double standard on Friday instead of one
standard tournament which means twice as
much magic on on Friday night and also
twice as much planeswalker points so I
can get more buys and GPS and stuff like
that but anyway um I started going there
and I'm really good friends with Pat you
might have seen him on my legal legends
stream a couple times and in my vlogs
and Pat and I were playing against each
other and Wesley comes up and stands
behind Pat and tells him every like play
that he's making wrong and like being
really like aggressive and annoying and
loud about it and kind of patronizing
Pat right so I'm like what the fuck I
fucking hate this guy and everyone hated
him
that for Jay which is my roommate Jay
was like he's a cool guy oh my god yay
and um so I started liking him as a
person started hanging out with him and
now he's like my second favorite person
to Jay right now and I'm kind of really
important to me because we spend a lot
of time together like a lot of time
together he comes over and we stream and
I realized that that loud personality
that he has and that like assertive
personality was like really good for
like coops and like being on stream
because he's so loud and entertaining
right so it's kind of like a good
synergy streaming with him so that's why
you've been seeing a lot of him lately
and he plays magic and he's really
fucking good at magic I mean he's um he
plays thirty-ninth at a GP he plays 47th
the Star City Games opened just now he's
top eight at a PC q and I mean he's only
been playing for like a couple of years
or something and he's 19 if that makes
any sense
he's pretty pretty young for all that so
yeah um yeah and I just like enjoy his
company and it's like we have pretty
good pretty good chemistry but at the
same time he has a lot of like weird
morals that he that he acquired from
growing up being taught all these
christiany ways that kind of bothered me
you know how I am I'm more like a
hundred percent logical if something
doesn't make sense logically if it's
just something that like is a societal
norm or something I totally like don't
give a shit about it unless I actually
feel like that's the way it should be
based on my intelligent thought process
you know what I'm saying so I don't have
that like whole like morality system
that a lot of people have and he has it
pretty put a lot stronger because he was
kind of sheltered and Christian and shit
and the reason I'm talking about this is
basically well you get to know a little
bit more about my ideology but you're
also hearing about the people who were
important in my life
Jay and I have been having a lot of fun
we started playing we duo Q in league
because he's kind of serious about
League I'm super not serious about
League I only play it to have fun with
friends but um yeah it's been fun um it
sucks though because when we're
streaming together he sits right next to
me so like his mic gets picked up in my
mic and vice versa so there's like an
echo on stream which is like really
annoying so I've been looking into
getting
yadi which is a blue microphone by the
company blue it's kind of confusing it
not the color blue the company blue and
I hear they're really good I'm gonna get
a pop screen for it like one of those
like little mesh screens to go over it
and a boom stand so it can let go gonna
be like right in between Jay and I are
in between Wesley and I and we can also
start doing magic the gathering paper
streams like how I'm at how amazing
would that be I've only seen like one
other person stream paper magic because
I think MTG Oh is just like a waste of
time and money and the interface looks
like shit and if I'm more inclined to be
playing paper magic and spending all
this money on paper magic I might as
well stick to that you know way of doing
it but there's a lot of things coming up
I don't know if I'm going to Phoenix for
the Finks GP be going to a bunch of
different places for PT Q star City
games and all that stuff and I'll be
going to e3 again this year that's about
it for right now I think I'm gonna start
trying my best to do daily vlogs again
last night we went to a party and um I
didn't feel very great about the party
so we left a little bit early but I was
going to film my playing cards against
humanity' because it's like so much fun
but that's probably gonna be next time I
get together with friends and like half
the people that were there I either
didn't know or didn't really like so it
was kind of like yeah but it's been 10
minutes so thanks for watching don't
forget to like the video scribe channel
I don't know if we do do I ever do that
no I don't do this on here that's for my
gaming channel it's been a while and I
promise you guys more gaming content
other than our Super Mario Brothers vs
let's play it's just been that I haven't
had time to cut up videos and cutting up
cutting up like one video worth of
content takes like fucking forever and I
haven't had the time to do it because
I'm splitting my time between magic
doing the stuff for zoom in games
hanging out with Jay hanging out with
Wesley hanging out with the rest of the
magic guys and just kind of trying to
get like super fit for somewhere because
I like being like a hundred and ten
pounds or thinner and right now I'm like
a hundred and thirty pounds or something
which is not ideal it's not optimal for
me I carry weight really well like I've
been 150 and some people are like you're
just thick you look good oh you're so
hot I'm
ah I want to be like a hundred pounds so
yeah that's what I'm doing right now
um and remember guys fake boobs are diet
proof by oh yeah fucking Silvio a nigga
zombie huh I know I should make it like
a really ugly face there's no tits
because I'm laying down
let's make tits can I make tits I can't
really make tits normally now that sucks
mug cuts perk up I can't do it I can't
do it okay
well we're just gonna fucking take it
take a titty selfie suitors oh no I
can't do it Kanda God God do it look bye
guys
