so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to this week's FM because of the
good graces of my wonderful viewers we
actually have a lot of shit and I mean
shit as affectionately as I possibly can
not like a lot of shit but like shit
kind of like someone who just really
loves German scheisse porn so what I'm
trying to say is let's just get straight
into the video because I don't want this
to be so long that people just click off
in the middle I know I know I'm so
captivating that no one can ever stop a
tear a video in the middle you would
think but it seems as though the
attention span of people on the Internet
is quite short so that being said the
winner of this week's giveaway is a
Megan T congratulations Megan T I hope
you find something really awesome like a
song or a dildo or something really hot
to buy with your Amazon gift card
granted it's only a $25 Amazon gift card
so it would probably be one of those non
body-safe silicone dildos that just fall
apart immediately if you want to be a
winner of the giveaway like Megan tea
you can sign up in the description it'll
be at the very top of the description
it'll say something like epidemic
giveaway and then a link you just
followed the link and yeah I appreciate
your follows on social media and all
that stuff alright let's get into this
week's questions feel like my eyelash is
falling off if it is I apologize I know
that can be really annoying to the OCD
girl viewers out there speaking of girl
viewers Alexandria 106 says that
lipstick is gorgeous your makeup is so
awesome Lord of the Rings is phenomenal
those books got me through some rough
times I really need to start reading
more print versions of all the movies
and TV shows that I love I mean I
already do that with anime and manga so
why not then she says question what is
your opinion on marijuana do you believe
it should be just used medicinally or do
you think that it should be used at the
consumers own discretion love you babe I
love you too Alex always a wonderful
time to see you on stream and in the
comment sections of my videos I think
the drug war is absolutely stupid I
think people should be able to do what
they want but for me personally I think
marijuana is retarded I don't really
enjoy hanging out with people who are
constantly high usually you can tell
just by the fact that the person isn't
the brightest bulb or the quickest bulb
in the package of bulbs I personally
don't think
an addictive gateway drug that's oh my
god I actually think decriminalizing a
lot of drugs and even things like
prostitution can set regulations in
place it can actually be good for our
economy and with those regulations set
in place it can be less dangerous and it
can be more mainstream to seek help for
these issues this isn't one of my strong
opinions so I would love to hear your
thoughts on it as well in the comments
section as well as your questions for me
for next week's F&M but yeah I'm not a
fan of it I used to do a lot of it when
I was younger and I wish I hadn't
because I'm sure I lost some brain cells
along the way brain cells that probably
would have gotten me into Mensa so I can
hang over all of your heads who call me
a dumb bimbo my wonderful IQ score but
instead I'm just a bitter ex marijuana
user next question it is from Elisha
Plummer question where the question mark
what are you gonna do for Halloween are
you gonna cosplay and get drunk off of
cider cider spelt with an S not a see
baby girl
it's a CCID ER is cider is even J gonna
cosplay as well I'm thinking Jack O
boobs myself you're thinking of dressing
up as Jack o boobs please please post
pictures send me pictures on Twitter or
Instagram tag me in them I want to see
these even though I'm pretty sure you
meant to say you're thinking I should do
Jack abou bad to guess would just be me
body painting my boobs as pumpkins for
Halloween which i think is a Tuesday I'm
gonna be dressing up doing SFX paint on
my face maybe but other than that I'm
just gonna be streaming not gonna be
giving out candy this is my first year
in a house since I moved out of my
parents place so I'm not looking forward
to the fact that I'm gonna have to be
ignoring doorbell rings every five
seconds I'm actually trying to think of
something I can put over my doorbell an
intercom so I'm not bothered and the
last question is from dawn eetzi choko
hope I got that right
are your parents said that they won't
get grandchildren same question for Jay
as well um I don't think my parents
really care I don't think my parents are
super Pro children I was an accident and
I'm an only child so obviously they were
like one is enough one is enough my
parents have never really been
judgmental about my personal choices in
my life especially ones that don't seem
scary to them like maybe they've given
me cautionary tales about getting
plastic surgery or making scary
purchases with my money but when it
comes to things that don't affect them
that are just kind of like tradition or
like what you're supposed to do they've
never tried to impose their
use on me so even if they wanted me to
have children and they wanted to have
grandchildren which I highly doubt my
parents are more animal people thank you
for being so by the way correct me if
I'm wrong mom every single time on F&M I
swear to God my parents watch fnm
together cuz last week when I was
criticizing her about screaming about
football she texts me on Friday or
Saturday Seahawks
woo and then my dad texted me to remind
me that the Pikachu watch I was wearing
last week was the Pikachu watch that I
was wearing when he asked me what time
it is when I was holding a cup of water
you can kind of get the idea my dad's a
troll anyway let's go ahead and open
these packages the first of which is a
letter from Lucas Taylor who is not
Donald's my troll gift er but I'm super
excited to open this because I know it's
gonna be awesome and not anthrax you can
read this on hashtag F&M hi Tara I
needed to write you a letter to assert
my dominance by bitching at you and to
set the record straight
okay you have a really amazing
handwriting by the way first off I am
NOT Donald second it's Friday night mail
not fan service Friday you're supposed
to upload the videos on Friday not
Saturday not Sunday but on Friday
third when you upload hashtag FM it
needs to be uploaded by 7:00 p.m. PST
not 701 p.m. not 702 p.m. but 7:00 p.m.
PST
I didn't think buying you that fucking
machine would delay your videos these
are not front and back you were wasting
precious paper Lukas you spend all your
time either on the fucking machine or
with that cat you call Eve by the way
full speed on the fucking machine is how
I plow every time you call me Donald or
don't post hashtag F&M late I owe you a
dick slap in the face every time I don't
post fnm late so I have to post F and M
late look he even corrected it
he even corrected it hold on where's
Vlad every time you call me Donald or
don't post hashtag FM late I owe you a
dick slap to the face confirmed
F&M is now late every single week I am
now posting fnm at at least 701 p.m. I
will be flying to Vegas in a few weeks
for business when I am done with my
meetings I will be taking a lift to your
place and give you a good pounding in
the puss if your fans want to hear you
scream and moan I'll be plowing you
while Jay is streaming on Twitch very
sexually yours Luka stay
thanks for subscribing to Lucas tailors
skank wolf cock pack thanks for watching
bye guys
and then he spelled by B Y instead of B
ye
PPS this is a picture of my penis would
you write it or do I have to force you
to write it can't wait to make love to
your mouth and pound your puss is it
Lucas Taylor or is it Photoshop
it depends Lucas Lucas if you fix your
grammar smash that subscribe button boys
find the N word you'll know it when you
see it oh man this is gonna be good
notice all of the information in this
book is a product of peer-reviewed
scientific research any objections to
the facts presented will not be
considered all of the information has
been filtered through the scientific
method and is therefore considered
settled science by the majority of
legitimate experts no further inquiries
into the subject matter are permitted
all right so we've got contents start
finish and conclusion so there's 50
pages of starts what is this book what
is this book oh man I'm gonna get banned
Oh
should we read a full page oh this is so
good what is this troll find the n-word
this is like Where's Waldo but a troll
to just piss off sjw's am I gonna spend
all day doing this Negro kme - G ro w oh
my god there's so many Niger and then
there's look at this look at this oh my
where is it where as I can't see it
through the lit hot boy hot boy Oh
whoever sent me this they left their
return address but not their names which
is like fucking hilarious oh my god by
the way I want to remind you guys that
this is scientifically peer-reviewed and
the information in this is not up for
discussion also there's a hot Negro in
here so I saw someone on a philip
defranco video ask the question when our
rape jokes okay and he was asking this
question to sjw's and i answered in the
thread i said always joke is the
operative word we've got a shirt with
boobs on it so we're gonna put that on
but first I want to see what the rest of
the outfit is we've got the pretty kitty
ears which I'll also put on
a pair of those leggings but with the
good tops I think it's the good top
isn't it good job I don't know I got to
put this shit on later right now I think
this is actually from Melanie I can't
remember who it was that said I would
look cute in a headband kind of like
this whoa and we were talking about it
and it wasn't on discord where was it
dude like my memory oh my god this is
really cute my memory is like shit
lately like holy let's see if YouTube
bans fake boobs and buy fake boobs I
mean not like these I mean like a
picture of a nipple one moment what a
cute outfit
I'm so cold lately like super fucking
cold thank you so much I appreciate it
I'm sorry that I'm not 100% sure who got
this for me I don't remember if it's
Jurgen or if it's Melanie pretty sure it
was one of those - God am i retarded oh
my god only fucking cool people know
what this is this happens to be a
crystal lizard or whatever they're
called in Dark Souls II kill it and you
usually get twinkling tight nights and
now I can put them in my garden garden
it's more like rocks and a few little
patches of not grass he's so cute this
is one of the things that I wanted
rubber tongue to get me for my birthday
from Etsy good boy rubber tongue all
right we'll get a box we got our box our
suck suck suck suck suck suck so really
why remember who was from him to kill
myself just remind me and I'll apologize
and then I'll tell everyone in the next
video cuz oh man
hi God is Tara I hope you'd enjoy the
gun and leggings I would still love to
see you wearing the strap on your sissy
bitch ah my second sissy bitch not
rubber tongue whoo I've been ghosting
because he does not give me enough
incentive it it's the penis water gun oh
man oh man you guys it's so so small oh
I think this is how you do this sure
just fill it is that what you do then
close it oh yes
all right well we go fill it a little
bit more now oh man are you good look at
the fucking silhouette looks so good
all right you guys ready let's go dunk
dunk Donna don't don't
Donna don't no no no is that a cat show
yourself
I'm not gonna spray her dun-dun-dun
Donna
Jay Jay why you screams what I went to
get you what is that a penis you can't
show that here don't show it I'm sorry I
forgot that which is a bunch of kooks
I'll get you a paper towel word to the
wise what the hell
word to the wise watch where you shoot
your penis it could land you in trouble
you crazy well that was fun
now what you've all been waiting for
hashtag better than fanservice Friday
uh-oh
Robert I thought this was supposed to
come with a little bow I don't know why
but I thought it was supposed to come
with a little bow good boy
sissy bitch for buying me a penis that's
much much larger than yours
maybe I'll give him more attention after
this cuz that was fun oh of course of
course it's from my fiance Donald now
that we're engaged I got you this so you
can wear it on her wedding night if even
still there when I move in she's getting
tossed in the trash can I hate cats love
your fiance Donald it's gonna be a match
made in heaven
let's see what I'm wearing today it says
bride I can't believe it we're planning
the wedding
oh no this actually reminds me of what I
wear when I go in to get some kind of
surgery or something
future husband you better take me to a
spa for our honeymoon we can get couples
massage oh my god you can drink mimosas
and they'll be so amazing i annoy myself
so much with that shit holy fuck but one
thing you have to know I'm not giving up
Eve hi Tara now that we're engaged
you're gonna need this for all the
wedding planning we have to do you might
as well tell Jay to move out now you're
done with him Donald is moving in now
love your fiance Donald's we talked
about this we were gonna get married we
are still gonna be in a polyamorous
relationship yeah something I've always
wanted
I want this only slightly more than the
babies for dummies what's in a room
consider every aspect of your space that
could use some decoration the following
overview provides ideas and solutions
for design dilemmas whether your wedding
is in a hotel a banquet hall or a loft
this tradition what a fucking waste of
money okay this is our last box it is
from Avery I haven't gotten a package
from Avery for a while so I'm really
excited also a super professional box on
top we've got a memory book which I can
totally use cuz I have actually filled
up an entire binder fold the stuff that
you guys have sent me and now I have a
new one that's like a scrapbook tape oh
my god you're so cute she's in the box
again and oh my god it's video space pod
no fuckin way they'll have a cheetah
inside of it I can't read Japanese oh
you guys have to see this this is so
fucking cool oh my god guys does anyone
read Japanese this is so fucking awesome
I have to get this open like right now
oh my god
Thank You Avery holy fucking shit why am
i pointing vlad at you
Avery right here fucking God this is one
of the best FM's in a long time I'm not
gonna lie
we'll also show my ass in the end
oh my god do I really have to put this
together on my own I'm so screwed so I
have to put together the capsule it's
got all of its parts is this like a
puzzle oh my god it actually does that
Vegeta this is amazing
there's vaginas ass I mean I'm fucking
shit at following instructions but I'm
definitely gonna give this a shot
there's even like his pieces of armor
and his hair oh my god you guys this is
a really amazing gift thank you so much
Avery I really appreciate it you guys
and gals are so fuckin amazing to me I
know that it's because it's almost my
birthday in one month almost exactly one
month minus three days it's such a
wonderful feeling to feel like I can be
myself to create content that I would
enjoy and have other people enjoy it
with me
and to not fear that one day my friends
you guys will find out that I'm being
someone I'm not if I ever got famous
enough for idubbbz to do a Content cop
on me he wouldn't because there would be
nothing and anything that he has to
criticize would just be common knowledge
because I have nothing to hide I love
you guys so much thank you so much you
guys want to sign up for the giveaway or
ask me any questions for next week's F&M
link for the giveaways in the
description post any question you have
in the comment section if you start with
a question like Dwight Schrute it's more
often that you will be picked and oh my
god look at this kid are you Vegeta
she looks comfy why can't I hit my face
when I point straight all right guys
