make sure you record us having more you
okay we just had a successful okay oh
yeah yeah okay cuz I was crying all
right that's what happen um thoughts
that's everyone blames my genius on
being stoned but I think it is me not
team stone that makes me that's you
should make a dear commercial from that
video what their don't just say don't do
drugs
oh the acronym is there I understand why
would I make a dare commercial with this
video cuz you were just condoning not
doing drugs
that's I don't II not the to me drugs
it's okay guys
okay so it's a double entendre no okay
that's like saying I want to fuck you oh
no wait that's the not because you were
staring at my shorts shirts and shorts
assume the stream was fun today
we um we didn't plug in Mario because
Wesley is a shit tard
instead we played a lot of hearthstone
that was fun and then we decided to get
pancakes and then we're here I don't
know what happened we're not getting
high not we see how my story I've been
normal this whole fucking video you know
how long have you guys been going can
any of you guess your guess your guess
J what your guess how long the videos
been going guys this just in it's been
going on for four minutes and 43 seconds
you thought it was 12 minutes you guys
have the weirdest conception of time my
brain is falling through the orange
portal down into the blue portal down
into the orange portal so it's endlessly
falling but it like resets every once in
a while also distance me things the
difference between things is
and where my thoughts goes back first
and then my body goes on the stack and
then my body results how the stories I
tried to come and my girlfriend was like
nope and shield her face story telling
your story all right
mine comes on the stick first the body
goes on the stack next body resolves and
mine happens
no more talking okay cuz your brain
doesn't resolve and that's silly
you more talking you never
no two stacks sorry two dollars for two
pancakes okay
that's what I paid last time I paid four
dollars for unlimited pancakes which was
great No
unlimited pancakes yes that's also true
when dealing with infinite infinite
times something else 9 times 3 is 27
times 3 is 81 9 times 4 is 36 9 times 5
is 45 9 times 6 is 54 and 7 is 64 or 63
and then the hand moves that way and
then there's the lag time between when
the hand gets there and when the brain
receives the message that the hand got
there yes yes my result
action we're talking about what in magic
would result we were talking about
ourselves and what's happening with our
bodies I can't explain what this is
there's not the lag time between
experience your body experiencing
something and your mind experiences oh
my god this is when to talk to the
ladies to get Hush Puppies what happened
I felt like I did a very good job yeah
like if she if she already knew that I
was not sober fuck he's doing smart yes
actually think for a long time then the
second one was she know if she already
knows yeah if she already knew that I
was not sober then of course my acting
job would not have convinced her that I
was sober
you got an acting job No
