hey guys I thought I would do a quick
yeah I thought I would do a quick vlog
before Wesley comes over and we're gonna
stream and then J Wesley and I are gonna
go to a magic draft tonight which should
be fun but I have to tell you guys about
the ptq I went to a couple days ago
since then I've been sick so I haven't
been actually updating you guys as much
I should invoke form but the ptq was
amazing for a few reasons first of all I
went 501 in the first six rounds which
was amazing I was playing at the second
table everyone was watching my matches
just like standing around and I was
playing it's like the best people there
i think i was at Table two twice and
table for twice which is like the first
actual table but then they split it up
into like four sections so it was like
the best people there with the best
matchups and the best results and I was
there and I was winning and it was
amazing I was winning everything and
then I drew so what 501 means is five
wins zero losses one draw because it
went to time so I was like holy shit I'm
gonna make it to the top eight and maybe
you know what if I end up winning and I
go to the Pro Tour how amazing would
that be right and so like I had all this
like adrenaline I was really hyped and I
was like okay usually I go like 20 or 30
before I start bombing the tournament
but today I went 501 oh my god so it was
like the most amazing feeling ever like
literally um when my opponent was like
shuffling a long time we're taking a
long time to sideboard I was daydreaming
about winning and going to the Pro Tour
and being like ultra super popular in
like the magic community and making mono
blue a thing again and just like Oh was
so amazing feeling and then the last
three rounds of course I totally bomb I
miss play like crazy i do some stupid
shit like okay I had um domesticated
this guy's voice um voice of resurgence
or whatever and when it dies the
controller gets a token and when I got
the token I didn't remember to evolve my
unevolved cloud fins and all he had was
like four life left and if I had done
that I would've been able to attack over
his things on the ground and win the
game and those are the type of it that
the types of Miss plays that I do when
I'm like freaked out because I'm winning
too much so I was really sad about that
my friend Wesley who you've seen in
Allah
of my gaming videos recently and my
streams he placed fifth so he was in top
eight and then lost the first match he
had in the top eight which sucked but
it's whatever and he didn't get to be on
the play and stuff so that kind of
sucked but he's really really good at
magic and it was nice being able to play
next to him and my record he was like 51
and I was 501 so my record is better
than his and I was like holy shit what
if we're playing in the top eight that
would be fucking amazing um I think this
weekend i'll be going to spokane for
another ptq which should be easier than
a seattle ptq but not as easy as a
Corvallis one would have been there was
a Corvallis one on Sunday right after
the saturday one but i decided not to go
and that's in like some bum fuck egypt
part of oregon it's like four hours away
which is the same distance as like
Spokane so yeah um there's a lot of
other things I want to tell you but I
just wanted to do this quick update cuz
I actually go stream and my voice is a
little bit shitty so when i stream i
want to make sure i still have a voice I
think I need to go touch-ups on my
makeup before I start streaming but wish
me luck in the draft today and I'm
really excited to play more mono blue if
mono blue doesn't hold up and if I get a
lot of blue white control and a lot of
mono black players and they just beat me
and I can't really figure out a way to
not have them beat me every time I think
I'll switch from mono blue but right now
I'm want to blue still has my heart I
love you want a blue but yeah I just
wanted to update you guys on how I did
in the ptq also there's some really cool
things going on in zooming games I've
been doing a lot of really cool videos
for them and I did one about retro games
lately and some more funny ones and
stuff so you have to go check that out
it's a youtube com / 20 or zoom in games
youtube.com / zooming games and I'm
their official host there if you guys
didn't already know that you can get
your gaming news there you can also get
um just a lot of awesome stuff so check
it out there's top fives there's five
good reasons why and then there's all of
my shows I think have four shows a week
2 news flashes one Tara show and one um
and one shopping guide the week so it's
awesome lots of terror there and lots of
talk about my
boobs and how i'm using them to get
viewers holla holla anyway see you guys
soon I'm gonna take a thumbnail I don't
know how I want to look in this them now
let's see we need boobs I think that
will do bye guys
