okay so i have always hated this is
aureus guildgate the pad had I I already
bid it and shit so we're gonna light it
on fire now that he finds me bid it and
then shit yeah i've been at and shit and
we're gonna light it on fire because he
finally got muta volts that's right whoa
GLAV lands in the deck yes here we go
okay we're gonna do it we're okay their
watch is like you gotta lie dia oh it's
it is this a really fire retardant card
oh my god that's probably all slobbery
no we got out why would you do that that
sounds like bad vibes covered in water
come on pet they're covered in water no
wondered come on past gotta work right
trying it's good i ate guild gates I
hate guild gets more than layered cuddle
Pat it's possible okay we're gonna go up
at all right okay Bill Gates more than
you hate life is your bill against more
than anything in life okay Pat you're in
the wind we've gotta help pet people
just like water if they doing addled
over here we're fucking casting a spell
okay there we go how did you do that I
don't know we're gonna because they're
stupid robbery it's like oh I'm gonna
enter taps but don't give you anything's
I'm fucking gay there we go yeah cuz
then you blew it the flames started
burning don't blow on it blowing on it
makes it better no no it makes
everything better doesn't it okay blow
anything this matter you have you got
girlhood 101 down stupid come on you
know i might say things not bitching
california this causes cancer oh my god
burn it I swear this a camera right it
looks like it oh my god no oh don't blow
on it I'm gonna live on it burns at the
back of your finger oh yeah was always
guildgate oh my god it's just burning
right in the middle it's bear to you
of justice we're bringing the guild game
we're burning the foil mutavault I was
what everybody should you ever feel like
we're because I really okay oh no it's
not it's not good enough okay we'll get
the lighter back you um slobbered all
over yeah I'd better than we were quite
moist that's why you actually eat the
car yeah you actually okay I'll you eat
it now that it's cooked I can eat it
kind of yeah come on bad gotta get this
going that lighter is gonna die out for
you know we're burning it right now I
ate it and now we're burning a stop
texting me oh my god come on come on
pack up or guard fuck you azureus
guildgate burnstow no oh you're black
you probably know yeah I use that part
you gotta roll it like a joint and then
return it he'll be able to board
originally it's like three layers to
magic person three layers to magic cards
oh we gotta make sure it is the middle I
heard it burn it burn it wow it's
burning it's burning I'm gonna set that
down now oh my god there it goes there
goes Parrish I don't see that get stuck
into this man like melted to it oh my
god ooh there's a notorious kill gate I
no memory of what once was I broke my
finger oh yes I the genius you wait your
head to feet over the fire I know Oh
like that's not gonna work give me that
you're made of cheese
hey made of days hold it there yeah oh
shit okay okay hold this thank you which
way am i recording Obama faces yeah all
right oh it's like a tenth of it okay so
this is still kind of burning some kids
this is some kids do you know how much I
hate these all I can do just guilt gates
in general yeah azureus kill get
specific specifically put in your box
put it in my box Thank You box let's go
no nothing box oh here we go tell
sideways you want to burn towards your
finger well as it burns out like oh why
why do you burn toward my finger cuz it
can't burn you know the camp shit can't
burn burn but you crowded you need some
hair ah there's plenty of air oh wow the
jokes the blonde jokes just change all
right fuck this Gilbert died I hate you
and all you stand for who the fuck who
the fuck comes in tapped and doesn't at
least give you a scribe who the fuck
does that okay I think I'm this is let's
all take okay get in the picture so i
can take the biggest launch yes group
hug right here get him again we cut him
out there
