hey guys I haven't done a talking vlog
in a while and there's kind of a good
reason why it's because there's
something going on that I don't think I
should talk about because it's kind of
too obvious if I talk about it at all
but it is a big part of my life right
now and it's also something I have to
keep kind of private so it sucks right
cuz like I want to tell you guys
everything cuz I don't know like lately
I haven't really had good friends that I
can like sit down and talk to and tell
like all of my feelings too that aren't
like directly related you know how like
ok let's see you get a boyfriend and you
have that designated guy or girl that
you can go to and you can tell
everything to and they don't judge you
they give you advice when it's needed
and they're just kind of there for you
to like vent at you know like that kind
of thing and I haven't had that very
much lately because everyone seems to be
just kind of into me and if I talk about
like someone that I'm into or I talk
about something that's going on with me
their opinions and like how they take it
seems to be pretty biased and that can
end up hurting them or me or someone so
it's like kind of complicated but I've
been doing pretty well in magic every
time I enter a vlog I just like I want
to talk about magic so I'm gonna talk a
little bit about magic I've been winning
some things which is pretty cool ever
since I went 5 4 in the GP and didn't
make it today too I decided that I'm
actually kind of decent at it and then I
could get better and it's fun to compete
competitively competitively it's fun to
play competitively and actually try to
rack up planeswalker points get buys in
the next GP maybe get a professional
point one day maybe top eight something
importance maybe win ptq stuff like that
so I'm excited about it and I've been
playing as much as I possibly can in
sanctioned events and I've been doing
most of my records on average or like
let's say 3 1 3 2 2 2 2 1 stuff like
that so I'm doing better than I am doing
bad if that makes any sense and I'm
still playing mono blue so that's
basically my little update for magic now
for the people who don't know anything
about magic and want me to just talk
about my life
it's been pretty tumultuous lately but
it's also been great I don't know I've
been spending a lot of time with my
roommate and it's been a really amazing
but I've also realized that I'm kind of
a sociopath and have no self-control
whatsoever when it comes to sex and when
I say that it sounds awful but it's
really not that bad it's like as you
guys know I sometimes get crushes on
guys
and it's usually one guy at a time and
it still is one guy at a time I've yet
to have a crush on two guys at the same
time usually it's like I know some other
guy over there is hot and maybe I would
be interested in him if I had the
capacity right now to like but right now
I'm just focused on this one person so
that's kind of what's been going on me
just being focused on one person and
that's not a good thing so yeah that's
that's been going on but um I'm having a
good time and I'm having fun and I'm
just trying to make everyone in my life
happy at the same time while not
sacrificing too much of what makes me
happy but it seems like sacrificing for
someone you care about is more important
than being happy and making the people
in your life happy who you really care
about is the most important thing to me
I don't know like my whole life could
collapse like my career my everything
but as long as I had my roommate as long
as I had Jay in my life to just be
outside in a cardboard box with and
pretend we're playing video games like I
would be okay you know it's that kind of
thing it's that kind of connection that
you don't want to get rid of in your
life and that's what I'm trying to do
while also trying to have fun and be
happy and do what I want and I don't
know it's been difficult but I don't
know I don't know how to explain this I
don't know how you guys are even gonna
interpret this like what what it's tired
of talking about I don't know understand
just talking about that's kind of how
you probably feel and I don't know maybe
in the coming weeks I'll be able to talk
about it more but right now I can't
really I have like the worst skin right
now to like I think I'm having like
allergic reaction to some kind of like
new thing we have going on or something
I don't know but yeah so I've been
putting off this vlog this
because the last two blocks I did were
basically just like oh I'm out with
friends you know and this is what we're
doing but I just finished some Tara Tara
talks our Tara used to be called Tara
talks on Suman TV games which is a
YouTube channel you guys should check it
out
zooming games it's all about the gaming
bears so I have four shows a week I have
two new splashes which is just gaming
news like up-to-date up-to-the-minute
not up-to-the-minute because I'm not you
know doing it five minutes after we hear
this just in fucking Titan falls out
whoa no it's not like that um I get the
the topics like the day before and we
formulate what we're gonna talk about on
the show the day before and then there's
the Tara show which is all about just
some kind of issue in gaming this week
it's about free-to-play games and how
much do you guys spend on free-to-play
games and all that kind of thing and
then I also have the the shopping guide
which is new releases this week and then
upcoming releases for the next two
months or something like that so I have
four shows two news flashes one shopping
guide and one the Tara show which is a
lot of work I have to film for like
three hours two days a week which
doesn't sound like a lot but it's not a
job you know it's not like a job that
pays bills like it's starting to make an
all right amount of pocket change
but other than that and if you guys are
wondering where the fuck the AMA video
is oh my god it takes so long to edit
and I've been spending a lot of time
with people who I love spending time
with so I need to get on that and I need
to start focusing more my roommate has
been really mad at me because I'm not
streaming League of Legends League of
Legends is what gets you viewers but out
of that but and like I need to focus on
my YouTube channel and I need to focus
on making a career out of gaming and
being consistent all that stuff and I've
been trying to be consistent but I ended
up making just like a lot of magic
videos and I'm trying to balance having
a social life and like friendship life
and magic which is never gonna make me
any money but I just love it so much and
I don't know what I'm doing and
everything is just crazy but I wanted to
give you guys an update because yeah
maybe I'll tell you a little bit more
about people
whoo I can't tell you about in later
vlogs I'm gonna decide how I'm gonna
handle that and what I can say and what
I can't which is annoying because I just
want to tell you guys but then if I tell
you guys everyone will know everything
and then it'll be really stupid like I
want you guys to know everything but I
don't want the rest of the world to know
everything like the rest of the people
in my actual life you don't ever say
it's so weird like okay I wish you guys
like the internet the anonymous internet
were my best friend that I can confide
everything into but the unfortunate
problem is that it's not your fault
but you guys somehow bleed over into the
people actually no and I wish the people
I actually knew never watched my videos
because then they'd know who the fuck
I'm talking about what the fuck I'm
talking about
and how I actually feel about it and
sometimes I want to keep part of my
personal life private only to the people
who I have to see in real life the rest
of you guys I want to be like yeah I do
this and that and I regret it and you
guys are like my diary thank you so much
for being my diary that's all I want to
say thank you so much for being there
for me I say that like so many times per
week okay I'm like thank you guys but
seriously you guys are making me so
happy and I can't believe do you know
that performance wise in / video and the
monetary gain that I get from these two
channels which by the way is still like
nothing but it's it equals my gaming
channel now and I only have like what 4k
subs on here and forty or 14k so I was
on here and then like 41 k subs on my
gaming channel but you guys are really
interested in me just sitting here
talking about stupid shit
well I hold my camera and shake it
around and give you guys fucking nausea
from motion sickness you guys don't give
a shit you guys are just there for me
and that's awesome you guys watch my
videos as stupid as they are sometimes
and listen to me rant so yeah so the
moral of the story is I'm happy I'm sad
I'm stressed I'm elated and I'm just
doing whatever doing whatever makes me
happy and trying to balance that with
what I need to do which not necessary is
it's not necessarily something that I
don't want to do because I definitely
want to spend a lot
time on making gaming videos and playing
games and streaming but it's like I have
to balance that with other things that I
like to do that don't make me money at
all and are never gonna be a prospect of
living laughs you know you know you know
I don't think you guys all rhyme talking
about but that's okay
I'm gonna take a screenshot and I'm
gonna try incorporating boobies okay
that's a good screenshot don't you guys
think I love you guys I will update you
tomorrow bye
