hey guys look how about the lighting is
if it comes from the bottom I'm like
some kind of telling a scary story so
I'm gonna switch around so the light is
hitting me in the face let's see this is
this better yeah that's a lot better I
don't look like a creepy scary creeper
don't know this shirt is amazing for
boobs you can't tell because I'm not
like up but if I was up you'd be like oh
the boobs it would be amazing so I
haven't done a vlog in two days because
i have been playing magic literally 24 7
pretty much so what happened was on
friday i got to the friday night magic
location at two p.m. so i could play
test a little bit of born of the gods
which is the new set coming out and then
um the first friday night magic
tournament started which is standard so
was the last time I got to play my mono
blue the way it's gonna be without any
born of the gods in it and that was all
right I went to one which is cool the
next one started I went to three which
is not too bad but i thought i would do
better i thought maybe i could win one
you know it would have been awesome so I
got a little bit of store credit then
after that there was a midnight
pre-release so get this I've been there
from two till midnight and then there
was a midnight pre-release that ended at
five thirty and the only way I could get
my friend Pat to stay was if I promised
I'd go home with him so I went home with
him which is much farther than my house
from the store and we got like no sleep
not because of anything crazy like you
guys are thinking but just because took
us while to get there and then we like
literally fell asleep and then he had to
get up in the morning and I just kind of
light in bed and slept because i'm lazy
and i wore like a pair of his sweats and
put up my hair and like kind of tried to
touch up my makeup with the makeup that
I just bring everywhere to touch up and
we went to another pre-release in the
morning at ten a.m. which I went to and
two in and this was sealed so I'm not
I'm not that great at sealed um I'm
actually okay in sealed the three the
three of decks that I've made so far
actually are functioning and when I
showed guys that are really good at
Magic they're like oh it's actually good
you did a good job like fuck you I
should be doing a good job because I
know I've like magic you're
condescending got
and then the second pre-release of that
day started at four and after two rounds
of losing just because I am I didn't
like my deck very much and I was just so
tired i dropped my roommate dropped
which is j pat dropped and brandon
dropped which is the little ghetto kid
that we hang out and play games with
ease in most of my stream highlights and
stuff um so yeah we were just way too
tired from being up almost 24 7 playing
magic and today I had to do my zoom in
games videos that's why I have all my
lights and camera equipment up and I had
this nice light on me I can look so
pretty um and that was three of them
because I wanted to go to play testing
last Wednesday so I didn't do the
shopping guide so I had to do a shopping
guide today to those three whole videos
of shit that takes like a half hour each
and so I've been sitting in front of
these hot lights for an hour and a half
just talking about video games which is
fun and I love the end result but it can
be really really hard to articulate what
I'm talking about I pretty much one of
the reasons I love working for zooming
games besides just being more in touch
with the mainstream gaming community
knowing all the gaming news and all that
kind of stuff and because they're great
people is because I just want to get
better at speaking so I'm like working
really hard at that and I think I'm
getting better like today it didn't take
us along and I didn't lose my voice as
much and I didn't stutter as much and I
didn't have to do as many takes so over
the last year I feel like I've been
proved immensely with the way I speak
like you guys should hear some of the
I'm actually gonna I'm gonna put in to
this vlog in three two one no I lied and
in after I finished telling you what I'm
gonna put in I'll put in one of my very
first talking excerpts from one of my
very first videos and you can hear like
the fake voice and I sounds I I'm not
sure I it all I've never been shy always
been loud like this but I can finally be
myself in articulate the ideas that I
have in my head so if you watch some of
my older videos like this one q hey guys
so today I have something really
exciting totally different and kind of
scary for me for you guys to totally
check out and hopefully support me in it
um so as you
no I'm a huge game room and gave me my
whole life had an Atari and moved up
from there blah blah blah you know and I
started streaming then you'll actually
know that I used to be terrible at it
and see how much I improved so i can see
that because i remember those videos the
atrocious videos or psych hey guys gang
gonna do today yeah but yeah um I'll
doesn't matter i haven't really had much
time to think about anything else I'm
neglecting things because of magic which
is a bad thing so this week I think I'm
only going to play test one week one day
week and then the rest of it is just
going to be making videos I need to edit
the am a video still which is a huge
pain in the ass so you need to
understand why I haven't been sticking
to it and just doing it right away it
takes a fucking long time it's really
stressful the way I have to edit it but
thank you fucking I don't know how to
direct gaming or the 33 x gaming uh like
your ears so we've been there for me all
the time I don't know how to say your
channel name but you guys should check
him out if he sees this he should post
his link down there because he helps me
with the video conversion it actually
worked it actually worked and now I
don't have to use mov and I can do it a
little bit easier a little bit easier
it's now possible before it wasn't even
like possible it was impossible which is
the you know antonym for possible um and
I also have to edit the best of Super
Mario Brothers let's play or yeah the
best of the super- let's play I have to
finish the outlast let's play which I'm
not looking forward to I don't have a
lost voice anymore as much and I don't
have that cough so I need to start doing
it needs to be done i also have to start
a new retro game let's play and i have
to do more hearthstone i want to get
into magic online i want to play more
league legends and i want to stream a
lot more and i also want to maybe stream
after i finish out last I want to stream
my favorite Assassin's Creed games from
to up until I think the newest one
newest one is where I will and well the
newest one is a pretty cool too ok so
i'll do the newest one Black Flag and
then I'll do I don't know I don't know
in what order maybe I'll do three first
and then I don't we'll see what do you
guys think put posted on the call
what order you think I should do this
and create videos this has created let's
plays because I that's one of my
favorite franchises after that I think
I'll do the god of war ones but I
haven't played a god of war ascension
which is like shame on me right but I
need to do it before I do anything else
with the god of work I don't want to
just let's play that for the first time
I want to play with my roommate like we
always do switching off playing and I
watch him play he watches me play we
talk about the story because those are
together our favorite franchises so yeah
and I'm going to go because you guys
said you wanted shorter vlogs but let's
take a thumbnail because this is awesome
lighting I don't know what kind of face
I shouldn't yes a you hate the lips face
but that I like sexy and that's what I
think is sexy and what I like so it's
not me not being me it's me being the
way I want to be which is in turn being
me yeah and I don't think me just like
being a smiley happy like here like
bubbly person is really me is I'm more
like a loud sexual demon seductress
succubus thing um yeah so I'll just make
this face or there's tits right so it'll
still be good i'll talk to you guys
later I'm gonna go magic two-headed
dragon today which is gonna be fun I'm
two-headed dragon with um a guy from the
friday night magic group that i haven't
really mentioned very much who he went
39th in the in the GP in Vancouver which
is very impressive he did better than a
lot of pros and top 64 you get like 30
bucks and a lot of stuff it's cool whoo
hi guys
