internet no big deal just looking sexy
as always you know how it is yeah this
is going to be my vlog which is going to
talk all about how fucking awesome the
Grand Prix weekend was ok so first thing
that happened was we drove down there it
was myself Pat Chris and Brian which are
probably like my more closer friends of
the group other than Jay who didn't get
to come because he didn't have a
passport because he's not a US citizen
and therefore would have to go to his
embassy which is in Chicago which would
suck and be really expensive so Jay
didn't come he also had work on sunday
so it wasn't really possible so we drive
down there some funny stuff happens at
the border or I'm like nacho I'm like
vlogging and not taking it seriously you
guys have to check out the travel vlogs
that I did on the drive down it was
really fun Vancouver's pretty
cool-looking it's kind of like a a
slightly different slightly weird
version of Seattle that supposedly as
dangerous as New York which I highly
doubt because it seemed like everyone
that was really nice there were a lot of
more like indie looking things than any
looking people a lot more attractive
people not and it wasn't like American
attractive it's like once in a while you
see American attractive like I guess I
would be considered American attractive
we're like they've done a lot to look
good and they're not doing that whole
just like natural look everyone in
Vancouver is kind of just like they look
good because they're not fat and they're
not like gluttonous or something which
is cool there are a lot of asians a lot
a lot of hot asian girls and stuff like
that which is pretty cool we drove
through Chinatown and then when we were
even away from Chinatown any restaurant
had like a ton of a ton of asian girls
which was cool I never I never ever go
like man I don't want any asian girls
like that's just not a thing you want
asian girls like all the fuckin time
right good so that was good um once we
got in we met up with his use it was
funny because we parked and hey Zeus was
just pulling up through the gate when we
got there which was fucking weird um and
then we went up and we checked into our
hotel put our stuff in our hotel
went across the street to go check out
the venue which was awesome and I got to
meet up with a fro who is a competitive
magic player and poker player and he
taught me a lot about the model blue
matchup and to like shuffle my cards and
stuff like that met up with other people
then that night um I got pretty drunk
Pat got really fucking drunk like it was
funny Chris had to like walk him back to
the hotel room and I was sleeping in the
bed with pat so I was kind of mothering
him and making sure he was okay Chris
was doing really well with like making
sure he drank enough water and so that
was fine some funny some other like
scandalous stuff happened but it wasn't
too scandalous and I can't tell you
about it because it would incriminate
people so that's pretty much what i'm
going to say every time something
happens that i can't actually mention um
and then we the next day was the first
day of the actual event so I actually
decided to compete here's my play man
that I got for it it's like a girl on a
slug and I had the it's cute i like it
like a lot of people don't like it i had
the the artists sign it but basically i
think i don't like it because the text
is kind of like Times New Roman e which
is true like usually the the Grand Prix
has like a very distinct type font or
whatever and has magic the gathering on
it this one doesn't it just has
professional event services down on the
bottom left which is weird but I really
wanted to play mat and I got the promo
card as well so that made me happy um
and I played and first day I did not
make it to second day you have to make
you have to go 72 in order to make it
today too and I went 54 now 54 is not
that bad for my first showing at a real
event like a grand prix so i'm pretty
pretty satisfied with myself pretty much
every single one of my other friends
other than chris and hey zeus who just
like bombed and did like 0 for something
but Chris did the same as me he placed
one um one place higher than me I was
350 he was 349 but all my other friends
did 63 and it kind of sucks because
there were some of my friends I was
really rooting for going today too
and placing in the top 64 which would
have gotten them like two or three
hundred bucks which is cool one of my
friends actually did pass as names
Wesley he's pretty cool cool guy tall
and funny and a lot of people think he's
annoying but that's okay because I don't
anymore I used to but I don't anymore um
so the next day or the Saturday night
was crazy um we got together in the
hotel room that we went out to eat and
we split into two different groups one
that wanted to go to a Japanese
restaurant and the other that wanted to
go to to like red robin or some shit
some like generic shit that you always
see in the States and I decided to go to
the Japanese restaurant even though I
did not want to because I don't really
eat that kind of food I wanted to go
because like the people who were going I
wanted to hang out with more and then we
went out and we got gelato I've never
had gelato before like not like legit
stuff and I tried this like white coffee
it was called white coffee and then the
other one was like some brownie blast it
was so good right and then we go out and
get really fucking drunk like myself and
another one of the people in the group
were like way above the level of
everyone else we ended up in a club and
I was dancing with some indian girl and
hitting on her and her like white
friends were cock-blocking and um we're
all just getting drunk like half of us
are like pretty nerdy looking like I am
normal I look like I should be in a club
but I wasn't dressed for the club if
that makes any sense I was dressed like
going to a grand prix you know so we
infiltrated their had some jager bombs
had some other drinks and drank a lot
and then um I don't remember what
happened in between there but there was
a lot of something that made me really
fucking happy like really really happy
and I can't talk about it sucks I can't
talk about it because I wanted like you
know yay like I I mission accomplished
did what my one of my main missions for
going to the GP was and the other main
mission was to compete and not be a
pussy about it and do well and I think I
did all of those so laughs awesome on
the way home i sat in the back and
pretty much just slept Chris was playing
my DS and he is actually borrowing my
Diaz
it's cool and yeah sunday i entered I i
made a sealed i did a sealed event for
two headed dragon with brian which was
fun we dropped after being 22 i think
yet because we decided we wanted to go
home definitely wanted to go home and so
we left during the night got home
everything was great and yeah i really
missed j on the trip that i was like the
one thing that would've made the trip
better if he could have come because
like i never i don't i have a separation
anxiety from him I always wanted to be
there it's like he's my rock and the
person that makes everything 10 * funner
and ends more safe but the same time he
definitely over does the watching out
for me when I'm drunk and then like
yelling at me the next day if I do
something stupid so that part about it
made it like a little bit more
comfortable he wasn't there but at the
same time I could have done something
really stupid so I'm glad that I was
able to control myself I got so drunk
that some of the things that I think
happened that night might have not
actually happened it might have been
like a fantasy or a dream or something
so I'm not quite sure one hundred
percent sure like what is real and
what's not which is funny um I also got
a ton of channelfireball swag I got like
two different hats a beanie and a
regular ball cap and I got this the card
sleeves I got nine sets of 50 sleeves
some of which I gave out to my friends
and stuff who are drafting and all that
and um then i also got like three shirts
three shirts that like our kind of big
but it's okay because I'll just you know
roll it up and and tie it and all that
stuff well yeah what else is do I got a
lot of stuff from input not from a full
schemer from zoom and games a lot of I
got a keyboard a headset a mouse and a
mouse pad that I have to unbox and i
also got my loot crate in which is fun
I'm gonna be working on the FAQ video
very soon so I'm sorry to all of you who
are waiting for that she's I've been so
busy I also have to work on the
highlights reel from the Super Mario
brother world let's play because that
was finished like weeks
oh I'm behind I know and I'm playing way
too much magic and hanging out with my
magic friends way too much but at least
I'm still producing steady content it'll
get better soon I swear I'm gonna stop
being so busy but I am going to be going
to a lot of PT cues like a lot of PT
Hughes so we'll see I think I'm gonna
have to cram everything in i'm also
going to the gym more so it's like
things are crazy but I'm happy I'm
really happy I I'm seeing those videos
that I told you bothered me about that
asshole guy or whatever and it's just
like whatever dude I'm having fun so I
want to thank you guys for all giving me
um for all of you guys I can't fuckin
talk to thank all of you guys for giving
me like a lot of feedback and support
when I was going through something that
wasn't nearly as hard as you think it
might it could have been but it still
bothered me a lot and I'm just really
glad that I have viewers like you guys
who support me and think highly of me
and want me to be happy thanks guys this
concludes the blog let's do a sexy
thumbnail we gotta have cleavage man
because this vlog is worth watching no
don't text me right now
there we go bye guys mwah
