hey guys whoa okay it's Friday night no
it is a friday night it's Friday yeah
it's Friday night and we're hanging out
in hey Zeus is hotel room hi hey Zeus so
okay so today what happened after I
showed you that we entered the with the
fuck I'm gonna text when we entered the
tournament area place thing is I met up
with a fro and he taught me a lot of
things I'm actually like I think I got a
lot better just by playing for like an
hour which was really cool because I
think I'm actually gonna play and not
drop tomorrow and um let's see what I
don't law a channel fireball swag like
holy shit I guess I'm like semi
sponsored by them all of a sudden which
is ridiculous because we're gonna be
here it just has a crush on you he's
trying to get me to do videos which is
gonna be fun we're gonna we're gonna do
videos we're gonna do videos for
beginners because there's not that much
content dude you guys are douchebags
knock it out oh yeah so that's pretty
much it good and it should it should be
fun your place boy we can take your
place pot we're Charlie let me come back
so maybe come back here I Sarah knows
all right guys I'll see you tomorrow
where the fucking tournament actually
starts I guess good morning I look like
utter shit last night ok I know I got
pretty like pretty wasted today I feel
like crap I'm dizzy and I'm not looking
forward to failing and GP but i want to
show you this because it looks pretty
cool the water comes from the ceiling
and there's like a dildo looking faucet
for the tub which is kind of cool you
can see me in here oh yeah my nipples
are hard of wearing a sweatshirt I don't
know I just want to show that I'll
probably put in the travel portion of
stuff yeah some silly shit went down
last night
that got really fucking drunk didn't you
bet where are you yeah I was gone like
really fuck it dude like fucking Chris
had to take him back to the hotel and
then we play cards against humanity
almost vs humanities always say that or
not you you came in halfway and wrecked
like everyone encouraged against
humanity like what yeah rector a rectum
killed her whatever the fire was uh yeah
boros reckoner I barely even I am really
terrible to everything right now I had
coffee and I had a bagel and it didn't
work it I feel way worse so I'm gonna
I'm gonna yeah I'm gonna do that I'm
gonna try to not fail hard and Miss
triggers by
