J doesn't have any kind of pencil dick
or anything so I was like why the fuck
is this happening to me so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want hey guys it's far too
cold to be in the pool today I put my
feet in the pool took a few pictures
like I was actually living the pool life
or whatever but it's too fucking cold
and it looks so beautiful like my eyes
are actually gonna start watering and
stuff because it's so bright but um
there's my wet feet I am outside because
the maids are cleaning my my computer
area look at the only reason I'm outside
right now and I thought I would do a
little vlog just talking to you guys I'm
not gonna be able to hmm can I put it up
somewhere and just talk to you guys or
if I lay down am I gonna get dicked by
some fucking bug or something yes not I
can't see anything like how do I do this
how does one live in this brightness
also I only have sunscreen on my face so
this is a bad idea where can I go let's
go over here oh okay I wanted to talk to
you guys about my health a little bit
because you guys were asking so what
happened with the whole like you having
headaches and nausea and just feeling
generally like shit literally every
single day and finally going to doctors
getting an MRI all these things I posted
my brain scans like I was dick deep into
actually trying to figure out what the
fuck was going on so since I moved to
Vegas miraculously I really haven't had
the problem and it's crazy because as
soon as I moved to Vegas I was like
really busy I was stressed out because
the first place we had was absolute
horseshit by the way outside of the day
it's like a little thing that I'm
probably not supposed to wear as a as a
main outfit or whatever I think the the
people who are cleaning my house are
looking at me like what the fuck your
asses up my little ass she's probably
dirty right now sorry about that but
anyway so I moved to Vegas I kind of
forgot about it I wasn't thinking about
it as much mainly because I was so busy
trying to move into the new place trying
to settle trying to find a
new everything like in everything from a
new grocery store to a new place to get
my hair done I had roots I ended up not
finding a new place to get my eyelashes
done not that there's not a place it's
just I'm trying to save money here so um
found all the new places got settled and
then once I started streaming again and
started like spending a fuck ton of time
on the computer again I realized oh my
god I'm not having these problems
anymore and it was kind of like a
godsend a godsend says the Atheist at
first I started thinking that it's
probably something like let's say the
humidity is gone and the humidity with
humidity was somehow fucking with me but
I highly doubt that I feel like the only
thing that changed was that I'm like
happier so I was thinking okay it's
because I'm happier is there a way to do
this where I'm not in agony let's try to
find a place or we could just sit you
down there
ah but then you can't see me did i zoom
in no can I stand up and no this is
stupid - Jesus fuck alright what if we
send underneath here okay this is good
this is actually kind of good okay oh so
I realized that the only difference was
that I'm happier I don't have the stress
of my upstairs neighbors and I
understated
how fucking is stressful it was the my
upstairs neighbors were constantly
partying banging on the floor to the
point that it was just like what the
fuck are you doing up there I couldn't
even imagine what they were doing up
there there's just like Bam Bam Bam Bam
and then I had the cop like the literal
cops
I had them here I had them in there
twice I was talking daily to the guy at
the office I told you guys I wanted to
fuck I was going through him just
telling him like holy shit help you know
and like he couldn't really do anything
and they were talking about putting them
on a 30 day notice then putting them on
another 30 day notice and I'm like why
do they need to 30 days notices and just
fucking kick them out like I have oh it
was so fucking frustrating it at the
same time I'm glad that just my word of
mouth and a few videos that I showed
them of like the banging and stuff I'm
kind of glad that that's not grounds for
actually evicting someone but at the
same time all I wanted was for them to
be fucking evicted because they were
making my life like
a living fucking hell I was trying to
sleep I remember the pivot most pivotal
point I know I'm getting off-topic here
but I just want to talk to you guys the
most pivotal point in that issue was
when was when I was sleeping before the
day before like a surgery I think it was
my second boob job and I didn't get any
sleep because they were being as the
loudest ever they were being so loud
banging on the ceiling so like harshly
that my door my bedroom door that had to
be closed because I don't remember why
it had to be closed I just kind of
wanted it to be closed I don't know it's
like a preference it was like shaking
like oh my god so I called the security
guy and I'm like literally I have to get
up in like three hours for a surgery
it's not good to put being like this
kind of mindset can you guys please do
something about it and make them shut
the fuck up and I was like really pissed
this time because usually it's just like
oh I have to you know make my content a
little bit quieter so it doesn't pick up
their noise or I have to deal with it
during a stream constantly I don't know
if you guys remember but there were a
few times during the stream where I had
my headphones in music on blast
I was playing League or something and
you could actually hear in the mic and I
could hear it through the headphones
like a boom just like in the fucking
Jake all set a chandelier which i think
is hilarious but the ceiling fan with
the lights on it would just like shake
and like good and it like actually made
one of the bulbs stop working but anyway
that was like one of the biggest
stresses of my life I am pretty chill
when it comes to drama and other people
because I don't really give a shit what
you do up there in your life if you're
fucking donkeys up there as long as
you're not hurting the donkeys you know
cuz come on that infringes on their life
liberty and pursuit of happiness but
just basically do whatever the fuck you
want do whatever makes you happy as long
as it's not infringing in my rights and
my ability to live my life and do my
fucking job and this was so that was a
huge huge amount of stress that I was
just kind of repressing because the rest
of my life was perfect
and I was getting out of that apartment
and I just didn't want to deal with it
anymore and we finally got out we're
down here we're settled now the scariest
week of my life was over with the whole
like not having a place to live for a
bit I got the my dream house basically
other than you know it needs to be
painted and shit it was just really
amazing
I was thinking okay there's no stress
but then I decided after a while of not
being on birth control of not taking my
yaz I take the generic brand of yaz
because the non generic is pretty
expensive but I started getting on my
birth control again and then the next
three days I was streaming I did really
long strange like five to six hours
dreams which isn't that long but still
it's enough to trigger my sickness back
in Seattle I did long streams and I was
getting the sickness again and I'm like
oh my god no does it really correlate
with how long I'm filming and working
and editing and emailing like how long
I'm actually sitting at a computer
because that would really suck cuz one
of my favorite things in the world is to
sit there and fucking stream especially
Dark Souls 3 right now so I was really
sad but then I realized holy fuck the
last three days I've been taking my
fucking birth control so I just stopped
taking birth control oh my god I'm so
irresponsible but I'm just gonna stick
to the pullout method for a while and
every single day I think about it I
literally I didn't realize the depth of
how much it was bothering me the fact
that I felt so ill every day and I I was
actually considering going through the
very very expensive Lyme disease tests
and treatments and things just because I
didn't know what the fuck was wrong with
me and I feel great it's so amazing
because usually I'll do my videos I'll
I'll either do a video and stop because
I start feeling like shit after like
three or four hours one of the hours is
obviously me showering shaving doing my
makeup and hair and stuff like that and
then the rest is just me trying to make
this video perfect setting up the set
just filming the video and then you know
going back and forth like with the SD
cards and putting it on my computer and
prepping it for editing and stuff and
after that sometimes I would feel too
sick to do anything so I wouldn't stream
and now I'm doing the editing and/or
filming and streaming like almost every
day and at the end of it I still want to
do stuff like I'm still tired because
it's like a kind of a long day and kind
of takes a lot out of you to be in front
of lights all day and stuff like that
but other than my eyes sometimes still
hurting which is still a problem which I
think might be related to my rosacea
I've heard that you can get rosacea of
the eye but then again
I have like really mild rosacea and now
that I've been taking care of my skin
every time I went and got a facial my
facialist you know not that kind of
facial but like the person who would
cleanse my face and stuff she would say
oh my god you're so dry oh my god you're
so dry and she's like you need to drink
enough water and I'm like you can't even
fathom how much water I fucking drink
and when I explained that to her she was
like that's so weird because I've been
telling you these last two times that
you really need to drink more water
right and you need to hydrate yourself
and you need to use this this and that
fucking product to hydrate your skin and
I was like well I just moved from
Seattle where it's humid to here and you
know it's kind of been hard on me like
my pee is really yellow no matter how
much water I drink that's a good
indication that you're dehydrated and
she's like oh okay you mode from that
climate to this climate is gonna take
some getting used to and I think now my
skin has actually settled down to where
instead of being like a really pink like
veiny weird white person that it looks
like they have rosacea I'm pretty much
in the clear I have like really nice
skin now and so the moral of this story
is you know if you're on any
prescription medication or you know I've
had problems with birth control in the
past the Mirena which is an IUD that
they stick in you and it stays in for
like three years and you can't get
pregnant it's like the most effective
form aside from abstinence like that one
that's why I gained weight in 2015 like
I don't know if you remember but I was
like 160 pounds in 2016 I was really
unhealthy looking I lost like 20 pounds
and I'm still struggling to lose the
rest but when I was on Mirena I I
ballooned up like fucking 40 pounds or
something and I felt like shit and every
time I had sex it was the bad kind of
painful like literally just sharp knives
and Jay doesn't have any kind of pencil
dick or anything so I was like why the
fuck is this happening to me and then I
just kind of had it with the Mirena and
instantly I was easy to get it was easy
for me to get into the gym and get back
to a more normal weight for my body and
just not feeling like shit so it's kind
of silly to me that I glossed over and
like I kept telling you guys like
everyone's like oh it's your plastic
surgery it's you know everything stupid
from like Botox to like you know just
being a bitch I don't know like everyone
had their own opinion and I kept saying
no guys it
see it's me even having sex it pretty
I've been happening to me I like off and
on the severity has been off and on
since I was like 12 years old or
something and then I connected it dude
I've been taking birth control since I
was like 14 for for acne and because you
know I wanted to have sex with my
boyfriend at the time and yeah I told my
mom it was first skin clearing and hair
and acne and it did help for skin
clearing hair and acne and all that
stuff but that was the missing link the
thing that's been constant throughout
being a vegan not a vegan a vegetarian
not a vegetarian thin fat like
everything the only constant has been
that I've been on some form of birth
control so that I everyday I wake up and
every day I get through the day I feel
amazing that at the end of the day I'm
not like what like I really need to go
to bed oh god I feel like shit oh my
head is pounding I don't even want to
eat but the only thing that all satiated
me is like a piece of bread or something
and like it was really bad
and I would like be in the middle of a
fun stream and I would I don't know if
you guys watch my stream twitch.tv slash
Tara Babcock but occasionally I would be
like okay guys I gotta go I'm starting
to feel really sick and that literally
hasn't happened and if it does happen
it's like a regular headache you know
it's not like a the world is ending I'm
gonna die type of thing so I just wanted
to let you guys know I'm really glad
that I'm at least having good days now
because it was too expensive for me to
try to diagnose this which made me
really sad because first of all I have
to pay at least 270 dollars a month from
my health insurance because I don't have
a company and I make too much money to
be on you know the welfare version of of
health care and I don't even want that
to exist
I don't want tax payers to pay for other
people I don't like that that's my right
leaning self saying these things but um
I'm not a fan of the state intervening
and stuff like that but I mean if it's
there I'll use it probably but so I make
too much money and it's still expensive
and the only reason it's not like 300
dollars a month for me is because I'm
under I'm under 30 and I
a clean bill of health like a clean
history with know like you know
illnesses or whatever so I'm able to get
a lower lower insurer alluro premium but
I have like a 15 that what is it it's
it's like eight thousand or fifteen
thousand I forget it's like a lot
deductible that I have to pay and
specialist visits aren't covered which
sucks so I didn't know this and I was
told that yeah we take they take your
insurance they take your insurance and I
guess I should have poked and prodded
more into the policy but when I got my
MRI I had to pay that out-of-pocket and
they tried to swindle me and they tried
to double it up like I kept getting a
bill that said what was it it was like
300 bucks or something like that times 2
and the the code or whatever the thing
that they were chart charging before was
it was MRI with contrast MRI with
contrast and I called like three times
and I'm like I got one one MRI with
contrast and they were like okay we'll
send it to the higher-ups you'll get a
bill in a month if they you know agree
they'll take half of it off if they
don't agree it'll still be the same bill
I'm like okay and then I got the bill
once I moved here I got the bill saying
okay
two times $300 and I'm like and the
first time I went through my insurance
company which was Regents back in
Seattle and this time I called the
people directly the people who are
billing me on the radiology people and
I'm like no one fucking like one just
one okay and it's so funny because she
was giving me the runaround like well
you know sometimes they fuck up and they
have to do it again and I'm like first
of all if they fucked up and they had to
do it again and I had to pay they'd have
to let me know second of all if they
fucked up and they have to do it again
they should be paying cuz they fucked up
and she was like okay we'll run it
through the higher ups or whatever and
I'm like oh I have no hope so
so I wait about two weeks and I get a
bill that says 1 times $300 and I'm like
yes but this whole journey of me trying
to figure out what the fuck was wrong
with me going to the neurologist going
to a regular doctors for things that
aren't just my normal checkups it
actually run me
ran me like 1,600 bucks or something and
if I just kept going down that list I
would have to go to my general
practitioner again to get the referral
and go to a bunch of different
specialists all of whom would find
nothing wrong with me but the one
shining light the one shine lights in
all of this is that one of my diagnostic
tests that I was going to the ear nose
and throat guy to see if I had some
equilibrium problems on the way to that
trip in Bellevue Washington
I found Eve on the side of the road so I
am glad that I went through all of this
because if I didn't have this fucking
heinous head problem and not a problem I
wouldn't have found to you and I was
actually thinking about God not going to
that appointment because I was like
they're not gonna find anything the
doctor said it was like a minut whatever
the fuck and it was a really pointless
appointment like I paid $300 for this
appointment for him to say oh well we
can't get ahold of your doctor to get
your your MRI and I'm like okay waited
in the office for about an hour then he
comes to me and he says oh we just got
your MRI it looks good nothing wrong
$300 $300
suck my dick fucking American issues
American health care vagina you guys
suck ass I don't know the things for it
but I know that it's broken
alright guys I hope you watched or if
you enjoyed watching this video I can't
hope that you watch this video because
nobody will I guess it could be like a a
rhetorical comment but yeah I really
appreciate you guys I'm watching little
hummingbirds drink out of all of my
flowers and I'm very happy and I feel so
much more healthy and I'm on the road to
that perfect body again without feeling
like it's taking away from the miniscule
time I have to do my actual YouTube
videos and stuff and I'm motivated again
to do everything and I've actually been
weight training and things have been
great and I love it here so thanks for
watching moral of the story is you know
keep trying and you know health is is
important but expensive
I love you guys sorry this was long it's
been a while since I've done a vlog Vlad
Vlad vlog this is Vlad mark2 by the way
also so if the quality's gone up
why let me give you one more look at my
pussy no at my outfit and my pool is
super dirty because we had like a like a
storm the other day but I appreciate you
guys watching this long-winded video and
I hope you guys are now caught up with
what the fuck is going on my hair is
super frizzy I love you guys bye
