I trying to catch the being abusive and
she'll come back next weekend we should
have been like Oh ma'am it's alright to
fool okay so we got past the exam I I
was a bit of a smartass at first but
then I realized that I shouldn't do that
so they asked we have firearms in the
car they asked us about the event what
else did they do some crazy what do we
do for a living
mom how many dicks do we suck I said
seven she said you got two more before
you go together so I did that then we
got back on the road took 2 seconds no
actually I sucked Brian twice and I
counted that counted and then Pat
leeches those pants which made it three
if I got fuckin extra credit so what
thanks
Merilee there's a guy that has two dicks
he asked me the question man
yeah ma at two pigs kidney jack and both
of the say yeah I use like I had one in
one girl won another girl and then like
he was by said they're like what's the
crazy sexual experience he's like I was
eating out a guy and a girl above me
while I had one bacon one girl one dick
and the other girl then two guys in my
ass two guys I was like visually so we
go to a hundred
I know what kind of fight they have the
weirdest fucking trucks in Canada what
is this so this is what it looks like to
be in Canada we just exit 16 assuming
it's right it's the right way ferries
wire kilometers I don't know how fast to
go we should just go 80 miles an hour
because it says kilometers but fuck it
up anyway 200 miles you know I have a
kilometer right there you do oh sure
so it's only 15 let's fucking dicks
yeah yeah they're like we are couldn't
make it alright I'm gonna stop this okay
I got this okay so what if you you were
standing behind a girl and usual laid
your dick on top of her head if she was
like 70 impressive see baby yeah that's
not good like on the face like that see
BEC like the nuts just like the one side
Oh No
elephantine holy with your dick
whoa big-ass dick when it was fucking
Chris it's called mop mousing right bye
guys bye
it won't stop stop petrol Canada
it's like a turn left onto Kings won't
French it on this one
no friction no isn't mr. Lu
oh-oh-oh that dick on that dick yeah
fuckin fat bitch
we in Canada the free at the Vancouver
oh my god the worst the fucking worst
what are you looking at black Canadian
there's a black Canadian dude
vo me under for nothing in this man oh I
know the lyrics to the song it's kind of
its kind of awesome and the birds don't
sing anymore without you it's not worth
it without you the hours yeah the hours
go by so slowly German noise buns
deutschen sponge bitch - groans - thank
you for the belly you should see what I
do what I drew my J something this
morning I took a picture of it but it's
Chuck you guys can't see it I'll be
embarrassed bye guys
we have arrived we have arrived haven't
we yes we have we are here and we have
to go do stuff we're gonna check in
there's maple leaves like everywhere
like they really care about their maple
leaves it's weird and the Canadian
people are so so like Cheers
they're serious this is just like so
much
oh my god it's like Thor and then
there's Chris hypose he's fucking like
it's the biggest douchebag but like it's
funny so it's awesome so we're gonna go
find our area and then we're gonna go
over and see if we can still compete in
the GPT I don't know where to go we're
lost we're lost I will update you guys
later hineses get it up America guys
guys I want the team I want the deed
we're gonna take the deep we're inside
the hotel now finally Canadian people so
we're on the way to the convention
center to see if we can convert some
money and there's this thing this is
lying on top of the building the clouds
looked none are nearer than when I was
lying on the streets who the fuck lies
on the street what is this what is this
Pat I don't know what the fuck is this
shit
Fairmount Pacific Rim which is not
sanitary
the street why would we lie on the
street though he doesn't even know he
doesn't even up so it's not it's not
worth explaining
I know fucking douchebags do that
douchebags do that they do that oh my on
top of a building because I want to look
at the clouds yeah and then they're
saying it seems no nearer than when
you're on the street but why would we
lie on the street like that sounds
really dangerous okay here everything is
wonderful we're gonna go sign in
