guys dude this is the the travel vlog of
driving into vancouver bc canada canada
hi chris ipad
I'm not talking to Brian his Brian's
been to take this room do you like we
come down here where I come down and I
called shotgun like fucking three days
ago every day every day it's going to
her every time I say this is going to be
another day back that I fucking called
it and four years ago framing knew you
guys don't y'all get four GP Vancouver I
know exactly what the fuck am I supposed
to anybody told you before you wouldn't
have been like a big fuckin baby on it
you're like oh yeah I would have been
prepared in the backseat he's like
legitimately mad at me and like they're
both like being bitches so like huh
lucky pad to you ya mean you're like
jumping on the bandwagon like oh fuck
tears just I you should be in the front
haha it's a bandwagon you brought the
bandwagon from 20 drivers here right now
from Sri Lanka he brought the bandwagon
so the traffic is terrible as you can
see but we need to be in the carpool
lane because there's more than one of us
I know
kind of
Harley take five people in a fight so I
guess that's all Brian stop being a dick
ok
anything like 10 minutes exactly that's
the point if you were if you were happy
he would have been talking is that not
sound logic look Shawn your phone you're
like I'm just gonna ignore her it can't
be me into the internet 50 g pro's Pro
Bowl higher that's tiny the corner of
color in that stache bro bro with mex
and I see join your group let's slam
that stache what is this why are you
looking that up right now
yeah guys crib tap that ass get that
paper breach bro this is Sun reddit
survival the hippest stop it like it's
but they got a script world sit on it
oh my god they should do like in a whole
set of Ebonics the next done himself
yeah on you see products like the black
is plays in the magic universe and said
all the cards are Claire like devotion
to 40 surround the fuck is like really
black on a walkway yeah model black to
be awesome okay i guess i'm going to
periodically update you guys am using
pats phone because mine is collected and
doing things it's telling us where to go
because we're news I'm gonna drive I
think this is a good says it's a um Oh
three hour drive
no dude fucking Chris things that's
nothing because that's only like twice
what he does to pick me up for fantasy
this gal he goes to california and back
like a day yeah but you were bitching
about it you're like oh my god that's
three hours just like a king how long is
it to drive to California some sort of
idiots March that you're going to where
I am
I'm going where you are it's three feet
brakes were a funny joke nobody takes
the only opportunity she can to see more
look what I was at smart that's smart
you need to like visit countries Giudice
I like something in the group today
after you guys left that was like um
countries by IQ I saw that right before
I walked did you see Africa fail what is
wrong with Africa so you know like the
map was like red to green you know like
red being you're idiots green me if
you're like fucking awesome so you know
of course like Asia is you know pretty
much green hey Jose the greenness yeah
cuz pretty much read that's why come all
the way ray yeah I said it allows to do
nothing stays at all US was like a kind
of a minty green yeah we weren't that
great china china and mongolia at that
one we were reading it Uncle Leo still
country I'm sure the Scandinavian
countries from Iceland was actually
white what I'm saying this green lit
degree don't feel I get a mixed up you
down Scandinavian that's why killing
Turks are still confusing me today hey
hey don't talk bad about his culture as
such I don't care god it's not an
inconsiderate yeah only the Vikings are
the good ones are you iceland saw
vikings denmark finland norway snow so i
was told in these the names ice on
Greenland or actually switched I think
you remove that because we live is iced
Iceland the screen
and sim-free lever technology
dude so i guess i'll talk about other
things so crit could not Chris why can't
I remember name Brian came over to my
parents house with me two days ago and
then the next day I got a text from my
mom I haven't told you this bride she
was like you guys are fighting out just
the same yeah oh my god excite my mom
was like that guy brought over it was
such a nice guy and I'm like you're
weird what yeah why's my mom texted me
about that she never texts me spirit
i impressed she passed I'm telling you
she wants fucking grandchildren like
what
so yeah it was weird but they gave me a
Seahawks hats and I feel like a
hypocrite
grits are awesome dude okay so we're on
405 north and what are we doing are you
doing
19 more miles to take on this freeway
and then something else happens but it
won't let me see ahead because it's like
fucking let me go to the next week it's
like we keep going straight yeah
okay we gotta take a thumbnail think
it's are you like at all am I like
obstructing I'm structed okay as you see
right here okay we can't get we're just
gonna get us through them so thank the
mayor oh my god Pat you're gonna get us
rear-ended or you're gonna rear-end us
into non-secular rear end somebody pen I
know you're gonna rear-end her dick into
someone last and then we're gonna be
sued because they didn't like it sir
maybe she get a better dick pot maybe
then we would be paid it's like damn if
it's so good here's some money yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna turn off the camera for
a while bye guys
like what
let me now hey Brian what happened to
have your face start have your face is
gone guys are about to cross the fucking
quarter shit like high-five is becoming
bc 99 weird
here we go well
they shoot people in the border for
cross-legged in the Mexican border
Oh
oh my god
in your closet
my
I
Oh
I've never done this before ever I don't
know what it is interested continue on
bc now united on that's why we are we
are we are continuing to get back oh my
god so children of a common mother
that's fuckin in 9.5 miles we're taking
pictures of the border
system order this is the border look
we're gonna go to Canada I've never been
out of the country this is it this is it
well tell you what did like to try it I
was supposed to go to China but yeah UV
send didn't go yeah it was the shit oh
my god man passports passport hast dich
Chris put his back in the jar mines in a
truck it's not the jungle quick what's
your asses I let you fall or something
Diotima Christmas deal with that is what
he said when when do you regard in the
trunk if no idea I have no idea where
licorice alone there's a big car guy
there's a pink car you see there's a
fucking pink part and I want it to dick
I'll bring you look cute ok who Brian
oye oye finally I've done something
right ok i don't hear that so it's a
good what yall your little girlfriends
aren't like Brian suck a dick nope dude
look I got to eat you in here G look
it's like it's like oh no no jackhammer
near the stairs or jackhammers ok near
the stairs i'm jacking no jacking your
the state of bicycle specialist probably
buy oh just stare thing is about the
bicycle pedals ok you guys all doing
yeah cuz we're not made of dicks you're
made of dat made of dicks josh waves and
it's just like five floppy Bix their 25
floppy digs huh that's always my t
really sure just loves to do i love the
Degas oh I love the pet here you know
like we had a maple leaf we're ready to
go done we've disgraced Canada yeah you
can do you keep that now we're gonna get
back move up screw Canada what's wrong
with you hey don't say that we might get
fucking arrested Megan rest hey my love
Canada we love Canada he said he okay
yeah she's him he's biased it's no doing
you can make him walk yeah dude you a
justin bieber we all need just semesters
fever I can't wait till he gets deported
I can't believe he got caught fucking
jacking off in a prison cell Julie's
Beave yeah apparently that's the news
today that's good yeah well yesterday
was when he got in jail and apparently
got caught that day too it was the same
daily 20 minutes ago he got caught he
was jacking off in the prison so he
couldn't wait couldn't wait he was so
excited we couldn't wait to get out on
bail he did to Deb he was like he needed
you know all those fucking little
faggots Deb exactly give me the
sustenance he's like I'm so thirsty I
need the salt dude you can totally if
you're a guy just like bend down and
like try to suck your cock but you don't
you just ejaculated in your mouth like
shoot it up like into your mouth and
catch it that could happen I guess if
you do that to Coley be like oh yeah we
got to know what a girl feels like when
you're doing that way oh yeah gotta know
what it tastes like I'm doing it for her
don't you won't know what she feels like
I know right she goes to for me dude
I'll write up the news yeah dude I'm
that just sucks it sucks tangles up the
nose and it sucks when I goes in your
eye like all the way in your eye that
hurts yeah was illegal halfway yeah well
no like if it gets like right here it's
all good but if it's just like a cumshot
straight to the I at like a high
velocity and yours like oh like that's
the first yeah examine for him oh come
on 20 points dude you can see in morn
like the porn star is like so annoyed
when that happens like ahh and then like
just tries to play it off it's so funny
there she's like oh my makeup and
everything you fucking ho bitch just
more classes I know sunglasses
sunglasses I was thinking the bosses
know somebody want to take the passport
little pink here dy is three steps ahead
of you it's good that should be all they
need yeah all they need that's all I
knew the airport anyway I people come in
have it in the sleeve don't open this
page but the sleeve covers like
everything but this so all you guys like
the name like that that really doesn't
do me any good doesn't do any I see
blond hair blond yeah I see the name
Tara it's that's great I don't know who
did you say that she signs with the part
that's right or flaccid penis or
something it's a flaccid penis all right
no well it's Babcock actually it's a you
it's a eunuch I just do bab and then
penis and draw a penis that we fucking
sick that's to live in your signature
people would be like is your name bab
dick I'm like no dude okay come on bad
penis no fräulein Babs funds damn swamp
Babs long oh my god it's my hand that is
what students you're just Paul marine me
they good joke on them actually keep
hamra e palm read my dick I can read
guys I need the fame gonna do no not the
veins I can read the wrinkles in your
balls everyone take out their bowls I'm
going to do a ball reading why is this
tape I'm lying on blogs live long ball
reading just take it out live yes we're
life is being recorded eyes we want us
to be recorded why do you keep thinking
that I can do that you live strong you
right now off my phone yeah i'm sitting
here live streaming on twitch we're
playing games cut off 3g i think they
were really slow and less immunity right
now what we're waiting quick get out
that would be the best dream ever like
while driving on an iphone playing cards
vs humanities kind of interesting props
we go to Pat therefore being able to
drive friend playing cards against
humanity and with cara right next oh i
do your tits are distracting way to turn
anyway i'm out right now Sam come until
I have them for ya but the summer just
makes it more she wants to make sure we
don't get there yeah when they're
covered their boys okay the more it's
like she doesn't like me at cards
against humanity so you hate you man
right more like a really
offensive Canadian cards and put them up
you would we should be like what is
fucking gay maybe the analog that's the
first card I guess II hope is gay
copping a feel copping a feel that's it
financial shoulders I am offend a man I
am 12 offend 12 out of 17 offend 17
offend would be if you just like waiting
to pop the boners way kidding so angry
05 every day getting so angry that your
pop a boner yeah angry sex I'm so mad I
just need to talk something Oh hot dude
all we talk about curses hate fucking
like all but every time we were deeper
let's uh let's put that on them Justin
Bieber here we go oh that's unfortunate
in a submission there we go should I
would the terror there you guys Shelton
what makes a metric boo done oh shit did
I probably got like a bunch of stuff on
your card yeah you probably did what you
do I fixed it yeah we're just gonna like
give it back to them once across the
board will be like here you can keep it
giving baby we don't want to think about
don't be we're just care oh just to be
Brenda said Angela oh my god that's
amazing we want either of those in
America no sad hand jobs are exclusive
to canadia Canadian I'm gonna cross the
border and give so many sad hand and say
what's the name of our country you're
gonna say canadian me what could you
trying to go into a dude mania we should
pretend we're not connect connect cnabi
can added cannot and cannot connect him
I'm not manage my you know where we're
going a twix that does not have a
partner it's like all the twixes are
married you all it takes is married like
the twix is not found a partner bride oh
shit no oh oh that's better they're even
bonded well that's so fucking lonely you
just made one twix its own partner mm-hm
you broke in half
yeah okay jail oh my god i found a die i
found a guy you are going to die how
many dicks does it take till you get to
the center of the pussy whoa whoa we've
got an organ coin crunch OH back to
talking with things in his mouth haha
Hawks massage arrowheads oh she's going
from hey Zeus to I forgot to tell her
about that welcome abroad to call back
to the US dial one let's see it's
official we're out of the country now
we're not out of the country yet why is
it making me pay more cuz you're already
on Talos let's tell it ATT it's a
Canadian oh because you're doing Spotify
or whatever Canadian dicks oh yeah you
probably should turn on Spotify what
it'll be like a million dollars of
freakin oh oh this is my old phone this
is not a new phone well I'll just go
offline he says he's at the border who
is this yeah really lucious doing it oh
yeah you know he already knows how to do
that fucking ticket American longboarder
it oh shit i have my events is here oh
man dude this is a long book it's gonna
be fun I just want to fucking at the
border crossing but now i'm just in here
listen to you is talk look at this small
penis this means that he has a small
dick because it's so small and then what
else anyone else penis shit oh it seems
to fill your hand yeah but that's not
good okay like on it so she has really
small hands it's big at the top and
small the bottom that's what you want
that's what you want yeah it's gonna
enter like Oh finally it seems like it's
like that what is this is gay shit
no we're babysitting hiding oh you're
saying it's flaccid is your shifter just
gonna will some grow yes and yes Tara
strokes it is come on come on come on
bro it's not growing pat pat you know
what you're just not doing it for it
yeah hey Sarah Pharaohs I'm cerros Tara
Tara casa yeah I should change my name
to fascist NASA and I could do it hey
guys you guys that's oh shit that's this
should be fresh guys guys yeah why don't
you guys think that's legit yes she said
it like six times somebody go like
fascist boyfriend like what it was gonna
put his head see you again this is why
his yeah this is fro exit dick enter
dick again let's want to say your name
is Charles off your signature yeah
Charles good I know it looks like cheese
Jesus chess cheese chest injuries
actually kind of legible mine's really
Elizabeth said oh how did not sign
legibly like I don't know not gonna
strip yeah Tricia get is always so funny
baby okay my days are terrible yeah your
k isn't a it's Patricia yeah we go back
like they suppose where's called Oh
exposed oh you can end your whole career
and your whole career you're not really
a dude blogging crew pull out dick pull
out dick insert into ass what's all fuck
taking my eagle yeah why are you kicking
my ewa we're gonna get there were two
cars two cars are white are you coming
on me the fuck is going on bestie Ali
that's what's going on damn ticket in
the butt your I don't think yours taking
a good oh shitty i got that dick oh shit
just have the pull off tail is it yeah I
know oh he's gonna clip on dick I guys
tell you did I guys did I tell you guys
about the story when I was in like
kindergarten clip on deck yeah so okay
so some kid wanna dick no some kid was
when I clip on tie to the
zoo field trip and you like and I was
like a clip-on tie what do you have a
clip on dick and then the kids are
crying kid yes and he ran off crying and
told the teacher and I got I had to go
home and get to go to the field trip and
nothing kb unders nowadays knew too much
shit yes my parents were like laughing
that was hilarious movie was lame yeah
and all right I mean like how she turned
out yeah taking dicks goddamn a woman oh
they love fucking bird what's up bird
your fucking is it's fucking stuck up
bitch back fuck you love her fuck you
bird you a bitch walking on the ground
gerardus you a bitch bird look outfit
and conceded he walks he's like I got a
nice ass and I know it run him over
don't run them over run of all be ready
mode I'll never talk to you know I will
never talk to you bird move hog I'll
always gone no come on don't pull no
it's not that's mean okay we're at the
border I'm gonna pretend I'm not doing
anything hellos going oh hi are you good
are you guys now taking a photo shoot a
video all right I'm not allowed to do
this by guys
