hello Internet I'm gonna start off by
taking a thumbnail this time let's see
what side of my face looks better
how should I do my thumbnail okay so um
I'm really really really frustrated
about something and it's the AMA video I
know I said I would be up like the first
day of this week and everything would be
going well and I would have you guys
your answers but there's this weird
thing going on I use Sony Vegas to edit
right and the videos that come off of my
phone which I took I took all of your
AMA answers I took them on my phone like
I do everything on my vlog channel is
done with my iPhone 5s but they produce
dot MOV files and for some reason I can
only put a certain amount of dot MOV
files into Sony Vegas before it's they
start like randomly blacking out and I
can't get any of the footage back right
so what happens is I have this like I
either have to render like five clips at
a time and rendering takes like 15
minutes or I just I just I can't do it
there's nothing I can do and when I try
to put it in Adobe Premiere Pro which is
the other video editing software I own
it doesn't recognize it as a file so I
would have to somehow download a
converter and at which point I could
just put it in Sony Vegas like it should
fucking go in Sony Vegas and it will
just work right so I don't think you
know but I answered over a hundred of
your questions so I have a hundred
little videos that I need to edit and
fucking render and then render the whole
thing so think about it if I can only
render in groups of five that means I
have to render Phi or do five fifteen
minutes so let's say it takes 15 minutes
do the five then fifteen minutes to
render right and so it's 30 minutes and
then I have to do 25 what is it 20 20 of
those so 28 times a half-hour is how
long this is gonna take me and I keep
having these like fits where I'm like
okay I'm gonna put just a couple more
just a couple more Clips it was
blacking out it will start blacking out
just a couple more clips and I do that
and then ends up lucky I don't have to
start over again like so stressed out so
that is why the video is taking longer
last time this happened I literally just
through with the footage and didn't even
do the video for you for you guys but
this time since I said that's what I was
gonna do and I put so much time and
effort into it I'm gonna fucking do it
okay that's what's gonna happen um what
else is new in my life today I went
playtesting I woke up in the morning and
I was like I'm gonna get this fucking a
made video done and I'm gonna work out
and I ended up like not working out
because yesterday I worked out in the
day before I worked out and I was just
like you know what I'm gonna stay home
and grind this video this video would be
fucking done and I'll have this video
for you guys cuz everyone has been
asking like you guys asked about this
video as much as you asked about the guy
who proposed to me which I'll again and
explain to you I haven't had the time to
go on the date with him he won so I am
gonna go on a date with him we're gonna
go rock climbing but I don't think I'll
be able to do it until I get back from
the Vancouver GP next week um but yeah
so I thought I was been around er this
video and I ended up doing nothing then
I had to go play testing at one o'clock
I went there and pretty much everyone
from Friday night imagine was there
except for JK had to work which was fun
we ended up I played a little bit
against a control deck that wasn't Esper
but it was like something else and it
was weird and I lost but it wasn't as
annoying as us Bert so it was
interesting and then we decided to draft
a popper Huber which a popper cube is a
cube is basically okay you know you guys
know what got damnit
alright you guys know what a draft is
right a draft is where you're like you
crack open packs and then you you get
three packs each if you open a pack you
pick a card and then you pass it around
and that's just how you do it well a
cube is a premade thing like that where
you actually get certain cards and put
them into three packs for each person
worth of cards and then you draft that
and a popper cube is Commons only and
then there's a peasant cube that's
Commons and uncommons but we used a
popper cube so all Commons and I drafted
this like really cool like whites white
and green
with like white weenie creatures and I
had flying I had reach I had ways to
destroy creatures I had a couple
counters and I had a few ways to pick
out land from my like literally just go
and find a basic land card and then blah
blah blah so I felt pretty good about it
and I lost the first round and I won the
second round pretty easily against Sam
which is the like really shy Asian guy
that we don't really hang out with that
much because he's super shy it was fun
though um yeah that was fun so that was
fun and but then there was something
that wasn't so fun
uh this guy that I've been having
problems with as I told you about
I'm 100% done with him now you're not
even gonna hear about him anymore in
vlogs because I found out from another
very reliable source that the web of
lies is what goes much much much much
deeper than what I thought it did and
I'm just completely well my hands have
been washed this is a fucking
documentation of the fact that my hands
have been washed a hundred percent from
this human being I just know I don't I
don't know how I'm gonna handle it
because I can't just ignore him that's
like not fair to any human being um and
I can't give him excuses and tell him
why and I can't tell them it's because
of rumors so I don't really know I'm
gonna handle it and I kind of asked one
of my close friends to kind of think
about it for me like how should I handle
this and what like is the fair way to do
this because I'm just like done I feel
like I should just tell them you know
what I don't want to come down I don't
want to hang out with you I don't want
to see you I don't I'm done basically
but um it's not something that gives me
any kind of stress at all anymore I'm
not even thinking about it like the only
time I really did give me real stress it
was just trying to think about how I'm
supposed to fairly handle it and then
also thinking about like back when it
was actually a thing where actually
liked this guy I haven't liked him like
that for a while it's mostly just been
like okay let's be friends you know and
I'll see how that works but I haven't
had that like feeling any kind of
wings for him in months so it's very
relieving to know that that's over and I
definitely agree that if anyone in your
life is burdening you in a in a way that
is purposeful like that just fucking
wash your hands of them like don't have
anything to do with them anymore just
get them out of your lives and you know
life's too fucking short to have people
that are gonna like be it be negative at
all that are gonna hold you down that
are gonna put you in a cage that are
gonna make you feel inadequate or make
you feel like you're not awesome you
shouldn't always surround yourself with
like awesome people who make you happy
that's what I think so my friend Chris
came and picked me up today and we got
to talk a little bit but he had to leave
for a birthday party or a lemon party or
whatever he does so I had my friend
Brian dream you know but I feel bad
because okay to put this in context the
shop that we go to is really far away
because of cold / Brandon I don't know
he doesn't know him as the little 15
year old and a half black half white kid
that I hang out with and play games with
um you know Gucci guy he lives really
far away so we thought was shop that's
halfway so we could meet there and so
all of my friends that go to that shop
live around that shop and I live like
really far away like 25 minutes away on
the freeway or thirty minutes away on
the freeway and I'm I don't have a car
during the day cuz my roommate takes the
car to work my car to work um so I had
to get rides from people who are going
there and then back and then to drop me
off there and then back and I feel so
bad so like I bought my friendship boat
lay-oh what one interesting thing is
okay there's this thing I don't know if
you guys know about this but there are
certain guys that really just get off on
being us a money slave to hot girls or
like models or porn stars or whatever it
is right and they like to be humiliated
I guess it is so like you humiliate them
and they like do things for you or give
you money or whatever and usually I'm
just like really bad with that like
responding to that kind of thing I'm
like oh no dude just keep your money
just whatever but I decided to humor
this guy who contacted me
and I'm like sure you know if that's
what you want to do with your extra
money why not right
and so he gave me some money today I was
just kind of weird and I feel really
weird and and like awkward and dirty
about it like every single model friend
that I have whether it be like modeling
or porn or just more adult modeling that
they do or like even fashion models
sometimes have it
they all have guys like sending them
like thousands of dollars and I know
this one dominatrix chick who works as a
an alt model an old model is like
someone has a lot of tattoos and she's
kind of rocker ish but she models you
know those kind of models and she also
works as a dominatrix like she does that
for a living because there's such a
market for that apparently um but she
has this guy these guys come over and
clean her house for her and then give
her money to do it and there's another
girl I know who has like boxes and walls
of shoes that guys have just bought them
or bought her and she was like a 60-inch
TV flatscreen that some guy bought her
I've never done that I've never
experienced that like yeah sure every
model and every hot chick or whatever
and every streamer has like an Amazon
wishlist with little things on it and
yeah I've gotten like small things and I
did get a sizeable donation
I don't pander for donations though in
my stream so I get a lot less donations
and I also feel like people don't donate
to me because they're like oh she's got
a full-time job as a model so of course
we don't need to and I don't ask for it
so I get very few donations maybe like a
small donation once every like two
months or something like either five
dollars or twenty dollars but there was
one time one guy a guy who really needs
to show himself because he would have
like the best thing ever second best
thing I've ever gotten from a fan
FirstBest being that marriage proposal
at meri meteor babcom if you guys
haven't seen it um he sent me one three
three seven which is leet leet speak
like leet um dollars and I'm like what
the hell and it was anonymous and I'm
like it's just real life I've never ever
I never thought anyone would just send
me this amount of money so in terms of
getting spoiled like you guys might
think whoa
like she gets hello spoiled but I am the
least of anyone that I know getting
spoiled especially like compared to like
there are models that aren't that
popular or like just like cam girls and
they get a ton of stuff I've never been
one of those people probably because I'm
not good at like just like I'm not
really good at taking compliments in
person I'm not good at actually taking
physical things from other people that I
didn't pay for or I'm not at least like
their friend it's kind of weird I feel
we're just taking gifts or donations
like it's not like something I do but
this is an interesting experience I
thought I might try it just like once
and see what it's like to have one of
those little money slave guys and I mean
it helps out like I've been over
spending lately I've been just trying to
get this like second half of my life set
up and second half of my business and
it's nice to have a little bit of help
so and I mean it makes them happy
whatever makes whatever like other
people get off on whatever floats their
boat but yeah it's been twelve minutes I
had a lot to talk about today but
overall I'm happy so any of you who are
like worried at all about that or
thought that in light of the recent
vlogs that I've been having our time I'm
definitely happy I'm really excited
about the GP this weekend the GP is a
Grand Prix it's a big open bracket
tournament for magic and it's gonna be
in Vancouver BC which is Canada which is
only like two hours north of me so I'm
gonna drive out there with some friends
on Friday morning and if you guys see me
there definitely feel free to come up
and talk to me I'm really not scary in
person at all I'm very personable just
like I am right here you and I we are
like BFFs already because you know
everything about me because you watch my
videos so yeah um I look forward to at
least seeing one or two of you guys
there that would be awesome
I loved it when I went to the Starcraft
look at my feet okay I got my toes done
as well and my fingernails which I
fucked up putting my pants on my jeans
really tight but yeah um I loved when I
would go to the fucking shit the
any any event basically I would meet a
lot of fans and that that made me really
happy and makes my day to meet you guys
let's that's what I'm trying to say but
I got sidetracked thinking about how I
have to remind you why the AMA is not
out yet so I'm probably gonna title this
like AMA delay or something AMA delay
and money slaves I just told you guys
the title and if it's not that title
then awkward I don't know what to tell
you I found a better title and I've
abandoned ship but yeah this is another
long blog vlog vlog we'll see you guys
later
