internet oh you guys want me to do more
vlogs outside of the house i'm doing it
hi Pat hi Brian Brian this is brian we
call him Thor which is like a gross over
assessment of awesomeness because he's
not nearly not halo no thanks kisses do
the devil a tutor come on do it con oh
he does the best I like tutor faces like
haha I can't even do everything on
nearly as cynical there's an evil
student collect your promo face yes sin
collective prophase no fucking shit why
are you gone what why am I god hi Mike
hey there he hasn't he has a porn stash
don't you yep why do I think it's like
the other thing now oh you know like at
the place remember every half the people
call the place with the mustache ya know
half the people do sir was there a coach
there no I have no idea what's going
yesterday a friday night magic i
announced that i was like he has a porn
stash now and everyone thought i meant
like a stash of porn instead of a porn
mustache like what no is it looking
message clearly but you weren't there
because you were sleeping like a limo
bad oh you're still sick get out of here
yeah I got here you're gonna get Pat
sick right so the first time ever so
you've literally never been like sick
ever not really ever ever ever ever ever
okay so like you skip Pat's mom on the
phone as it yeah let's get past mama
phone right hi Jake am I saying yes so
so Chris is the only non-white person
how do you feel Chris no wait no ma'am
when you look at the marriage area like
oh yeah that's right I'm not wait that
happen each okay isn't genuine my
fucking totally serious here dude Pat
what's up not much this is pat's house
it has 36 stairs but he thinks it's 30
40 3030's it has 36 stairs he's awful I
have a light here which makes me look
wonderful so wonderful I've been
drinking
this which is now nothing what oh this
is my like whole week I've been drinking
this is my whole amount to drink I've
had here we've been playin and here's my
camera oh shit fucking intervention
dangerous recursion what movie
one-possession inception inception
horrible things to do yeah it's awesome
wonderful yeah Jimmy from Concha what
we're gonna know anything yeah yeah I
don't know anything about it I brought
this as well so we can play this cards
against humanity which I'm probably
gonna film because that sounds awesome
oh it's gonna be hard I know that we can
do like it sucks a big black dick or
something like that magic stick but you
did but if the cars expanding the
biggest flowers locks you cut up in the
lid there's a silver card really set a
Biggest like a snake what yeah biggest
blackest dick interesting there's
there's there's my dick big black dick
bigger black biggest faggots really yeah
bigger blacker dude hey Blanca Joey and
I have the almost the whole set of pax
cards oh I do too i didn't know song
there's parks cards against me yeah
they're like specials are like Bob just
got a shower didn't we yeah yeah I don't
even understand what this this does it
looks like it will give an example right
here I blogspot cry and then he could be
like in the manual show anyone after he
doesn't know you get black cards
operated that have a like a categorical
uh something you you have to respond to
I don't play then you you have a handful
of white cards that creature that happen
it was very same way anyways so like in
this case the black card the category is
what made spot cry so depending who you
choose one person to kind of score the
round and so then everybody picks one
the white cards and this white card is
achieving the manual dexterity and
tactical brilliance of a 12 year old
Korean boy so I don't necessarily that
makes not cry so if the person thinks
that's the funniest car the most awesome
card or they just like that card that
person who ever played the white card
wins okay wins who decides in a boat so
around the circle one person takes a
black card and then everyone else puts
in a white card oh my god here they pick
the redness 1 i'm glad i just exam there
go ya know you gotta do oh my god you're
awful I am he's awful we don't know what
we're doing so so one of the cards would
be what makes spot cried the other car
will be a bigger blacker dick bigger
blacker than black context no like the
context is in order no no you don't
every time you laugh and get involved
i'm gonna film you and I know weird you
get when I film you so okay hahaha hey
you guys should be the first you got me
Chris what not how fat do you like your
asian chicks 500 pounds five a hobby for
you right that's so like standard of
this question is ready to Louis the way
we're finding a big big black black ass
big black dick so yeah these are my
magic friends that I met a magic sands
Jay who I met in Spanish class oh my god
so I pixelated we don't know what is
google it would be if it's a church Oh
completely off yeah hasn't matter if
it's already pics later no you're not
losing that's right so I played before
and one of the funniest ones I've ever
seen it was a blank wins the Academy
Award for blank and it was Chuck Norris
wins the Academy Award for jerking off
into a pool full of children's tears
stare it is all for I know I can't do in
your eyes out perv that TV what do you
think of me in glasses footballs you
always at work is what is fuck the
glorious finally is fuck okay so I like
uglier just same ugliness yeah I don't
think anything can make this work really
really he's mean isn't it Oh beat him up
yeah BB is what I couldn't say yeah
alright so this is chris he's a douche
wave he's not you're gonna wave to you
guys you fucking me to you this is pat
pat is awesome this is brian AK Thor
we're finally not nearly as awesome as
gonna put your hands on your hips like
you're fucking do some kind of superhero
come on no like hands on your hips what
is that fucking nose no man hunt like
hips okay I'm doing hands-on his yeah
and then look off into the distance
there you go ok fucking shit right and
then you have the fucking Assassin's
Creed awesomeness fuckin Yeah right SAS
is crew shirt you got the star wars
shirt I got the cleavage shirt you know
how it is that's right hi mike mike has
walls us we don't talk to me yeah oh
there is yeah and that's Mike's oh yeah
all these people have metamagic saying
not not Sam's not sans not not not not
not on Jane yeah not not not Jay sands
9j Sam's yeah execs yeah it works it
works it works yeah we've been doing
this for eight minutes I'm gonna go
right
