hey guys so I am outside again but this
time I'm in the other balcony I'm in the
balcony in the bedroom
and it's got like these curtains so I'm
like standing in front of curtains and I
feel so cool I'd like a backdrop and
shit it's awesome
so today is Friday which means there's a
Friday Night Magic coming up which means
that I probably won't upload upload this
until tomorrow or the next day even but
I'm using my roommates phone because I'm
going to tell you what I sent the guy
that I've been having problems with um
like what text I sent him because I I
formulated this text because I felt
really bad because he wants me to come
down and I haven't actually been telling
him why I don't want to and why I've
been putting it off so we got in kind of
a weird argument and he's really
defensive and I'm gonna like okay
I'm gonna do my best to read this to you
off of my phone while I try to censor as
well so you don't like figure out who it
is or something like that or and
incriminating anyone I said hey I just
want to tell you the reason I've been
putting off coming down is because I
just really love it here I'm happy and
on the right track I feel like Mike
coming down would just be more of you
trying to get me to threesome with you
or four out of ten plus fangirls with
every four out of ten plus fangirl
you've ever met and fucking all of my
married friends while you're drinking /
doing drugs way too much and pressuring
me to do so as well
that doesn't feel productive another
thing that's always bothered me is that
for all the times you said I'm hilarious
and you love my content and that I game
you could just say a word or collaborate
with me and all of my dreams would
instantly come true it would be that
easy for you but it's all just empty
words so far and I've never once asked
or taken advantage of you because I care
about you it's not like it would be it
wouldn't be amazing for you to I feel
like you take me for granted all of me
being there for you and not using you
like everyone else and I see how you
interact with other girls I'm not
special as much as you love to say it
and I deserve to be that I said don't
get me wrong I want to see you and I
care for you I just feel so overwhelmed
with work right now and I feel like what
you want and what I want are not aligned
so I tried my best to tell him exactly
how I felt and what was like going on
and I feel like we have different
styles and stuff like that but then he
kind of like and I was like I don't want
to change you I love the you an
experiment want to be free but my motto
is to put health of yourself and the
people you care about first and you
don't do that IMO so I can't really see
us meshing you don't even like I feel
like experiment as much as you want and
you know I talk all about being free
sexually and all that stuff and
experimenting and having fun while you
can and stuff like that but not like at
the expense of your health like not like
rampant STDs all over the place like
just having unprotected sex with
everyone or like doing every single drug
and being on Molly ecstasy shrooms like
everything every day like that makes no
sense to me
so he said odd that's all he said and
then he said later
do your thing I'm looking for more of a
girlfriend and you're not into that glad
you talked to me about it before
exploding for no reason or being shitty
like what first of all he doesn't want a
girlfriend and I said of course just
realized whenever we talked about me
coming down something stopped me a bit
at first it was work now but now it's
what I mentioned I had to think on it
before applying and I said I don't
actually see you as a guy who wants a
girlfriend maybe you want something
similar to what Jay and I have but if
you want to stand her girlfriend blank
is right there you want to be free and
crazy while having someone to love you
and always be there right
that's just my observation cuz he
seriously doesn't want a girlfriend
otherwise he wouldn't be like doing such
crazy sexual things he's like of course
it's what I wanted but you understand
and then I was like hopefully I'll get
to see you when I come down I think
you're great and we have fun and we'd
rule the world if we made gaming content
together but I don't really want to come
down on your dime because of all the
things that I mentioned like I don't
feel comfortable coming down on his dime
obviously if I feel uncomfortable doing
what he wants you know and what he wants
us to club and all that stuff that I'm
not into and he said and he just keeps
being defensive it's weird like here's
one of the things he said yeah if we
aren't friends because you judge me
obviously it's not something I'd be
interested in and I'm like I'm not
judging you what when have I judged you
like I basically was as nice as
absolutely possible I'm done with this
I was actually nice as absolutely
possible like about something that I
feel like he's been I
putting me in danger with because you
know like it's not my place to tell him
to change or to not be as like crazy
with his health you know so I'm just
like you know we have different
lifestyles rather than being like dude
you need to fucking calm down because
you're putting myself and like everyone
else in danger and I don't want you died
like you're overdose or something right
so that's basically what happened and my
arm is getting tired fuck oh my god
holding my stuff up but um I stuck up
for myself
and I'm happy about that I could have
just gone down there and like put up
with him and used him but that's not the
person that I am so I decided not to do
that and hopefully I didn't come off too
harsh and hopefully I got everything
across to heat what when I talked to him
what happens is first he gets defensive
then he starts blaming things on me then
he turns things that I say around and
it's just like really hard to
communicate with him so I had to like
choose my words carefully in and the end
it was just like him telling me that he
doesn't do drugs anymore and he doesn't
want to do promiscuous things and he
just wants to be friends and if I come
down we can just come I can come down to
talk and get to know each other and do
normal things and gamed all that so I
don't know at the end I was like okay
when I have time I'll come down for like
a day or two and we'll talk you know
like cuz that what I mean give him
another shot if he ends up not doing
what he says he's trying to do you know
when I come down this time then I
finally figured it out and he's not
gonna change but I feel like giving
other people are giving people more
chances is a good thing to do I'm gonna
go inside but say hopefully doesn't get
too dark okay it's not too dark
um but yeah so that's what has been a
weird hold on let me flip this this is
gonna be weird I'm gonna have to edit it
but yeah Oh what else is he gonna say oh
yeah I thought it was kind of funny that
like throughout me telling you about
this like situation that I'm in like a
lot of you guys are like oh girls always
like bad boys and that's so funny
because the reason I started liking him
was because he was like this this
wholesome guy who's just devoted to like
gaming and things that I love and it
made sense and he like cared about his
face
and he was like this great guy who was
like cute and sweet and funny and
totally not a bad boy and then as soon
as I found out he had these bad boy
characteristics I'm like yo gross so
it's totally not the case that I'm into
bad boys or anything but yeah I gave you
as much as I could I couldn't like read
off everything cuz then I'd incriminates
people too much but uh oh I think I did
well I I thought about things before I
said them I never got defensive I never
accused him of anything I never told him
to change I never got a blip um fuckin
belligerent I never did any of that so
did the best I could and now it's kind
of just the ball is in his court to be
normal and not be crazy so we can have a
friendship you know but um I think one
of the reasons I really don't want to go
down there is because like I don't have
the drive to anymore I'd rather just be
here you know like all the time I spend
there I'm probably just gonna be like I
want to be home I want to be making
content I want to be hanging out with my
roommate I want to be you know going to
magic tournaments or going to the magic
shop and playing and all that stuff you
know so it's kind of like hard to want
to go down there especially because it's
like plane rides I fucking hate plane
rides like so much but anyway thanks for
listening to me rant and yeah I decided
to stick up for myself so I'm kind of
proud of myself I feel I feel fucking
cool right now no just kidding well I'm
gonna go plates you had a giant at
Friday Night Magic with my roommate and
we're gonna kick some fucking ass we did
not make new decks for this we just
decided to play he has like a homebrew
which is like kind of mono black but
with a lot of blue in it and night vales
and desecration demons and all that
stuff and I am just gonna play my model
blue whatever fuck it and we'll see how
it goes I don't think most people are be
prepared and most people probably don't
know the rule that you can only have
four of in the whole team not just per
person so it's gonna kind of be
interesting
hopefully it fires hopefully there's
enough people there if not we'll just
play regular standard and see how it
goes well I'll talk to you guys later I
gotta go get ready and stuff um I love
you guys oh I need to take a thumbnail
there I took a thumbnail bite
