hey guys I just got back from the
hairdresser and I thought it would be
kind of sad if I didn't show off my
little curls I usually can't curl it
this good so I like this new hairdresser
that I'm going to who is actually a
replacement for my normal hairdresser
who just had a baby which is crazy she
got pregnant like wow I was her customer
and then I watched the transformation
I've never had a friend ever in life
who's been pregnant so that's pretty
cool that she got a baby for Christmas I
guess I kind of hate babies so I wasn't
like super like normal girlfriend happy
for her you know but it was interesting
to say the least because I've never had
a friend who whatever I have a very
limited time so yeah I'm supposed to
meet my roommate at the grocery store
which is across the street in like three
minutes but I wanted to make a vlog to
shop the hair because I'm probably not
gonna do any more content tonight and I
would feel kind of bad if I never took a
picture with it let's take a thumbnail
there we go there's the thumbnail um so
some things you guys have been asking me
about the first thing is the guy who
proposed to me now I still have to go
out on a date with him which is gonna be
rock climbing so we haven't done it yet
because I had my roommate had time off
so he spent a lot of time together and
then I got really sick for a week and
now I'm trying to just kind of catch up
so Tristan if you're watching this we're
gonna go on our date soon I'm just I
just live and frazzled I'm sorry if I've
been ignoring you my inbox for facebook
is just like constantly full of spam and
that's why I don't play to anyone on
Facebook ever so if you guys have tried
to message me on facebook it's either
and the other folder or I just never
applied to you like I replied to someone
like one if they're like a really good
friend already and they're just trying
to get a hold of me then I'll just
switch to Skype or something or two if
like once in a blue moon like once a
month something will catch my eye and
I'll reply to it maybe if I'm really
bored but the conversation usually
doesn't go on that long because you know
it gets really flooded with crap and I
can't tell um but yeah what else the
other thing you guys have been asking me
what was it there was something else
I don't remember it totally just slipped
my mind
oh yeah the MA the MA video will be up
in the next either tomorrow or next week
for sure like the first thing that is
uploaded it takes a lot of work that
because there was over a hundred
questions I'm gonna be answering and I
had to cut out all of the takes
screenshots and stuff of all the
questions and then I'm also gonna be
going through and making a separate
video for each each answer and some of
the answers are gonna be really quick
especially at the sex ones because I've
already answered them a million times
and I'll be like linking to videos and
stuff for things that I've already
answered in depth but I'm gonna try to
answer everyone's questions everyone who
is coherent enough for me to understand
them like there are some people who are
like super foreign I don't speak any
English I just it was like what are you
trying to say and then there's some
really funny ones with like really but
Brett that bad grammar that I'm gonna be
answering as well ingest like I used to
in my Tara Reid's comments do you guys
have any like want for me to return
terror to doing terrorist comments I
mean I feel like at first I got a lot of
answer or a lot of Appeal I guess you
could say and then it started going down
at like 4k views and people weren't
really watching them and they take a lot
of time to edit and stuff so I kind of
just stopped doing them because it felt
like nobody really wanted to watch that
but I can start doing them again I mean
I have a whole section on my channel for
it that I'm definitely willing to go
back to doing my friend just sent me
prototype to on Steam that Pat guy told
you about I want to also like tell you
about all the rest of my magic friends
because they're really cool people like
I didn't know there were any cool people
in Seattle and I guess you have to find
them through doing like a something that
you like already like going to a land
party or something which is crazy but
yeah my hair looks good there's no more
roots there were roots yesterday I was I
was dirty blonde hang it up on the top
but now I'm not and I'm just happy to be
platinum blonde again
and yeah so I should probably go meet my
roommate but I will talk to you guys
later and I hope you guys enjoyed my
last vlog it kind of like opened up a
lot about things that I probably
shouldn't open up about I know someone
in the comments was like you shouldn't
open up to people because it makes it
easier for people to take advantage of
you
and I really feel like I'm so like
comfortable with whatever flaws they
might have and whatever things I've done
in the past that there isn't really
anything you can take advantage of me
for I mean I'm not like giving you my
address like that's one thing that would
kind of suck that happened to one of the
popular lul streamers recently and
that's kind of scary but other than
stuff like that like my address and my
phone number you guys have access to me
as if I'm an open book and I think
that's pretty cool because no one else
does that and when you think someone
does that and you watch a video of how
passionate they are about something and
you meet them in real life this has
happened to me more than once I've had
crushes on guys and then found out how
fucking fake they are and I'm like what
I don't even like you anymore because
you are so negative and not nearly as
positive and awesome and happy-go-lucky
and in love with gaming and in love with
everything else you talk about as you
say on the Internet
it's happened like twice trust me it's
not people on the internet that you like
are not as they seem and since I'm so
open I thought other people who seem so
genuine would be as well but they're not
nearly uh well I gotta go I love you
guys thanks for watching buh-bye
