that I'm sure I'm sure he's like this is
like probably my favorite vlog because
I'm literally just going all out and
telling you guys everything that I
possibly can about the two things right
now that I have to be really really
really quiet about so it's like so as to
not like incriminate other people you
know or like make some drama happen
elsewhere in my life which would suck
but yeah I have to respect like
something about him like he has to be
really good at like a video game or
something or he has to just have
something where it's like I respect him
as a person you know I don't know well
I'm gonna there's no cleavage in this
video and that's not okay so we're gonna
cleavage it up maybe let me hold on make
sure that I don't show you too much but
yeah whoa cleavage up okay I'm gonna
take the thumbnail let's see where
should we go there we go okay I gave you
guys some cleavage that's it and you
know you guys know my policy about like
showing off my body I don't give a shit
so I think if you have a you should
phone it and that's like the stupidest
thing ever but it's a thing I still have
a coffee I don't know why I don't know
when it's gonna go away it's turned me
crazy but I still do and I can't wait
for Jay to get home because when Jay
gets home awesome stuff I bet him I
don't even know what the bet was about
but if I won the bet I would get some
fucking head yeah and I won the bet and
then he tried to change it and I'm like
no you can't change it ah and I'm on my
period which sucks so it's like that's
nice for me great it's so funny I think
women um I think it's actually a known
fact but I know I do get like way
hornier when they're on their period
which is like fucking counterproductive
to life because nobody is gonna fuck
anyone on their period and if they do
it's still messy and not as great and it
feels weird and I don't like this like
like Oh like feeling about like I would
rather have a dick because the dick is
very like out of the body not like my
insides type things
like as much as I love sex and
everything I get a little bit queasy
thinking about like all of the actual
things going on down there and period is
one of them having a period it's like
with oh why am I like dying from the
inside I don't know my god it's awful
bad I should probably go oh I have to
tell you about yesterday's GPT which is
grandpa grandpa grandpa Grand Prix
trials um the Grand Prix trial is prior
to a Grand Prix and a Grand Prix is like
it's a really prestigious event but it
is open to everyone so like open
brackets and stuff like that and um
before that you can get some buys so you
don't have to play all day each day you
can get some passes for the first couple
rounds and a Grand Prix trial is
competitive Arielle's so competitive
rules enforcement level it's not like an
FM where FM is casual and you get to try
to get buys for the upcoming GP which is
pretty cool if you're like in the top
like couple you get a certain amount of
buys and I went there yesterday and I
went oh four one one being a tie
I tied at the end with my friend Pat
who's probably my favorite person that
I've met so far through magic we just
kind of mesh really well like I just
really like I I can't I can't find any
flaws in his personality whatsoever I
just think he's like animate literally
an amazing person and I love being
around him and he's adorable
so um yeah we he was playing as per
control and I was playing my mono blue
and that went on forever I won one game
he won one game I actually milled him
with Jace after I fucking side boarded
it was wonderful like he's trying to
mill me with Jade
Jason I end up killing his Jace then he
tried to counter and I countered his
counter I think yeah and then I add a
J's and he didn't I just meld him and II
had four cards left James like okay GG
game three we only had like we started
thirty game three thirty seconds before
we had time up and then after time goes
up you have five more five more turns
and there's no way an esper versus mono
blue is going to complete in five
turns like unless I do some crazy aggro
shit which I didn't they're sold to play
all these creatures so it takes me a
couple turns to get set up but I can't
believe I went oh four that was the
worst showing ever and like I played I
didn't I played kind of bad like the
first game I I was so thrown off because
the guy was playing mono red agro but
all of the cards were in Asian so they
were Japanese or Chinese and shit and I
I don't really know many of the red agro
cards so I ended up not knowing what the
fuck was going on and it sucked but yeah
I think I'm gonna upload this in part
parts because holy shit it's a fucking
long vlog but um yeah I don't know yeah
that's actually a good idea I think
because I want people to watch this I
want people to watch these two videos
and I think I just like kind of opened
up a lot and told you guys a lot very I
think I'm more better more better and
better at talking today than usual and
I'm fucking it up right now but yeah so
um the first time I'm just kind of threw
me off
I took a caffeine pill and I drank a
monster to wash it down which is not a
good idea
so I ended up shaking and I'm like oh my
god and I'm like trying to like do well
and I'm like miss playing all over the
place and I ended up having lethal on a
guy and forgetting that Fassa
can fucking make things unblockable and
I could have just like swung into him
for six and killed him but instead he
went ahead and killed me with like a
bogus murder or something fucking stupid
so that stupid unblockable shit that I
can't fucking do anything about and then
there were a lot of people had more
fliers and me and ended up just being
able to swing in and um near the end I
played against Chris who is probably
like he's really mean to me but I
consider him a really good friend and
he's the one that I'm driving up to the
GP with like he's gonna be driving and
we're gonna be staying in the hotel
together but yeah he he I played against
him and he's like oh my god you're
making so many mistakes you're so
fucking retarded I'm like god dammit
like a lot of people don't tell me about
the mistakes I make especially when it's
competitive Arielle so it's like I don't
realize that I'm playing so poorly
but I'm getting better I am improving
and that makes me happy even though
sometimes I do a lot worse in the
standings and stuff
I have 77 planeswalker points Oh total
and I've been playing since September
and I don't know if I'm gonna be playing
in the GP like at first I was like I'm
102 sure I'm not gonna be playing in the
GP right in Vancouver in two weeks on
the 24th I'm gonna be driving out to
Vancouver BC and I take a really big
event I told you guys about and I don't
want to play but I'm thinking I might
want to cuz you get a promo card and a
cool play mat that is like a giant slug
with like a little blonde like like
check on it it looks really cool and I
want it really bad and you get it if
you're one of the first 500 to sign up
and usually these things have like 2500
or something like that so 2500 people
and I know I'm not gonna go anywhere and
I feel like I'm just gonna go oh
whatever and then drop out of the
tournament and I don't know if I want to
do that or I want to actually just play
the side events cuz there's a lot of fun
side events for people who are just
hanging out there and don't think they
can actually compete that's I'm one of
those people and they're just as a
cheerleader like go team go team Seattle
fucking people you know and I really
want to support my friends there so but
what really sucks is Jays not going and
I hate like every minute I'm not with
Jay like it sucks like oh my god I'm
just like what does it work like right
now I'm like go home and it just sucks
so bad I don't know and he can't go
because he's not a US citizen so he
would either have to become a citizen
which takes a lot a lot of time and
money like 700 bucks or something um or
he would have to go all the way to
Chicago to get his passport because
that's where his country's Embassy is
and I just fucking the Elat sucks but he
really needs to become a citizen because
I don't know like I feel like there are
probably benefits to not having the
possibility of being deported to your
own country yeah that's what I would say
so yeah I've literally done this for 20
minutes just sat here and talked so I'm
gonna cut this up into two and I'll see
you guys soon
love you guys bye
