I just unboxed lootcrate which you can
see right here it's really dark in here
because when I don't film or anything I
like it to be dark I don't really like
bright lights for some reason especially
the ones in here like oh my god they
look so fucking bad like it might make
me look clear but it fucking hurts my
eyes and like it makes the whole kitchen
like I've talked about this before but
imagine from Family Guy you know when
they show how dirty when Tricia Takanawa
is showing how dirty hotel rooms are and
she like turns on the the fucking the
blacklight and you can see these like
animals like farm animals running around
and they're like yeah that's how dirty
it is you know to kind of demonstrate
the whole like oh there's cheese
everywhere thing it's really dirty but
it's like a joke right um that's how I
feel this light portrays everything like
I don't it doesn't matter how hard I
clean or like how perfect someone's skin
is everyone and everything looks so
disgusting in that light so I finally
got something for you get to show you
guys well just something my fucking
plane at let's see if I'm showing you
guys correctly okay so here's my fucking
plane Matt how awesome is that edit
custom made by a friend of mine his name
is Scott C he's like the most amazing
like ever and he did that for me and
like my direction so he doesn't know
anything of my mind youth gathering or
anything but I am so happy I got that
done because it looks fucking awesome
and on the card is something that I
think I made I there's been a couple
cards some that people made me some that
I made it I think that's the one that I
made but nobody understands the boredom
part which I find funny like I don't
understand why it's wrong and I've been
playing Magic the Gathering for quite a
while I feel like that is a mechanic
that could be put into the magic
universe if they wanted to and like born
of the gods or the next one I don't
understand why it couldn't be but a
couple of my friends don't really like
it so it doesn't really matter I just
like the flavor text no man nor God
could resist her touch I think that's
hot
and I'm fucking making out with Derrick
naked on it which is awesome and I have
my favorite sweater
a little schoolgirl shirt on our skirt
on that I'm wearing what's which is cool
so today marks the day that I'm going to
be uploading every single day on my
gaming channel again and a lot more on
my vlog channel my vlog channel isn't
daily because I don't always have time
to sit around talking to a camera and
then also uploading it and it's not that
I don't have time for that because it's
like a really short process it's like
the easiest part of all of the youtubing
and streaming that I do but it's like I
have to actually be inspired to talk
about something and when I mean I
usually am inspired to talk about stuff
but just sometimes not really and it's
like I just want to chill at home and
you know relax and stuff and kind of
have nothing going on and if I feel
pressured to always have something going
on then it becomes fake you know I'm
saying so it's like I don't have as much
to talk about today I have a lot to talk
about
look at this shirt it is Star Wars based
Clone Wars but it's console wars so it's
Xbox one versus the Wii U which is kind
of a train pulled in the bottom versus
the ps4 which is oh my god I love the
shirt it's a little too big but it is a
woman small so whatever basically I saw
something okay this is gonna get a
little heavy for a second I saw
something today on the Internet
remember I told you guys about how I was
sort of dating a guy but not really
dating him you know like my kind of
dating and it's kind of weird um a guy
who like does not live a healthy
lifestyle and I just can't get behind
that and even though he says he loves me
and stuff and he wants me to like move
in with him or whatever I just can't do
that but there's something else there
like he could make my dreams come true
let's just put it that way he can make
all of my fucking gaming YouTube
streaming dreams come true but I've
never once asked him for anything
because I'm not the kind of person who
when I care about someone to ever use
them I'm not that kind of person money
means nothing to me
none of that stuff means anything to me
when I care about a person and although
I do like at some point expect him to do
a very little amount of stuff for me
when I've done a lot for him
like I mean he could just say a word and
all of my dreams will come true like who
wouldn't do that if they cared about you
right but at the same time I just I want
to wash my hands of him and today I saw
that someone else is getting what I
could possibly get and they are not
nearly as deserving as I am and they're
actually terrible people kind of in my
eyes at least and while I thought it
would frazzle me more because I was
always like I really hope that doesn't
happen I hope I don't have to go through
that where one of my friends is getting
something that I could be getting if I
just put up with this druggie guy you
know like I thought that would devastate
me more to see someone like so
undeserving someone who's copied me like
my whole career and doesn't even have
the passion for that I do getting
something that I deserve I thought that
would bother me more but I just fucking
I love it here in Seattle I really love
it here my life is amazing the way it is
and if it never gets any better if I can
never make a living off of gaming if I
have to continue to put so much time and
effort into this to get a little out of
it as long as I'm making you guys happy
and as long as I'm consistently growing
it's whatever I love my life here like I
was like when I met him I wasn't too
sure how much I loved my life here but
like I mean it's like with my roommate
it's like we just met I still get like
butterflies for him and everything we do
is amazing and I'm still finding out
things about him and I love living here
and coexisting here with him in this
like cozy awesome apartment that we
found in an amazing part of town where
everything we need is right across the
street and I just love Seattle I love
the weather I love how it's not as hot
all year round I love my modeling career
I love going to shoots here not having
to worry about like such fake people in
LA I love just everything about it I
love the gaming the fact that I can game
more the fact that everything is just
falls into place I love my new fucking
Magic the Gathering friends so much like
it's so weird because in every other
community that I've been in for gaming
it was like everyone was kind of
scattered about the country because it
was an online thing
like Starcraft is an online thing
everything Lee Legends is just like an
online thing but with Magic the
Gathering it's like you're going to
Friday night magic sand all your friends
or are in the city that you live in or
just the surrounding cities so you
actually get to hang out with friends
and meet people that you can see more
than like three times a year and that's
pretty awesome and once again I'm
talking to pro players of what I'm doing
most which is magic so I'm at Ephraim I
don't know if you guys know him he does
well I didn't meet him but I'm talking
to him he does videos on channel
fireball and he's a pro poker and magic
player and he seems pretty cool we have
this like funny bet that if I can beat
him in a mirror match I think like mono
blue or whatever mirror match I'm
fucking most most comfortable with if I
can beat him then I get any net deck I
want he just gives it to me which is
fucking a lot of value you could say
that and it would be awesome because I
want to have more than one net deck 7th
plague with and and he if I lose I have
to be his girlfriend for a week or just
funny and it's fine and it should be fun
but we're planning on doing videos
together which is cool so finding people
who are just like yeah it makes sense to
do videos with you I mean you'll bring
in people and you have a real passion
for things like if this other guy that
I'm talking about could see that we
would have been like ruling the world
and ruling YouTube since day one but no
like he decides that you know obviously
he's not a genuine person and he doesn't
take he's taking everything that I've
done for him for granted like being
there for him when I'm a person who is
very sturdy and stable and healthy in my
lifestyle but I still cared about this
person who is like the complete opposite
I don't know it's just it's ridiculous
and he put me in danger and a few more
ways than one which I can't talk about
because again this is about someone else
so I can't be as forthcoming which kind
of sucks but anyway I just love it I
love this little crush that I have on
this married guy that I told you guys
about it's still there I can't talk
about it as much because a lot of people
from the area which he is from do watch
my videos and I feel like he might
no this way and I don't want him to find
out this way I actually want to tell him
like this is how I would tell him um I'd
be like hey can I talk to you and then
he'd be like shirt and everything you
have to promise me you're not gonna give
me the speech like oh my god I'm married
blah-dee-blah
and you have to promise me you're not
gonna be weird around me and we can
still be friends because I really
respect you and I I think it's fun that
we're friends and we can hang out and
stuff occasionally and um I'm gonna be
like you know since the first day I met
you I really wanted to fuck you just
putting that out there and I'm not ever
gonna try anything because I respect you
but I just kind of wanted you to know
that so you can just take it as a
compliment or whatever an ego boost and
yeah at the end I don't know how much
that works and I don't know if that's
like a bad thing to do but for me like
part of the coolness of like getting
these crushes is chasing it a little bit
and maybe making the guy want me a
little bit in this case since nothing
can like ever happen I'm like 99% sure
it's just kind of fun to have that
cuteness
and I think I'm understanding the
fucking UM the pattern that I fall for
these guys it's like they have to be
like tall and a lot bigger than me
and they have to have something where
it's like like I know there's a sexual
deviant behind whatever you are
pretending to be and I can see it in the
way he acts or the way he carries
himself or some kind of subtlety
there's just like oh I could see you
choking me
that's hot but yeah um and he's got to
have like something that I respect about
him like he doesn't necessarily have to
be like the perfect bodybuilder body guy
I've like I've said I've fallen for
nerds before and stuff but um yeah he's
got to be like big I think I think
that's the only physical requirement he
can't be like actually ugly in the face
I just have a cute face um and yeah I
have to respect something about him like
I was saying I'm like jumping all over
the place because I have so many
thoughts in my head right now but and
this is gonna be a long
I hope I don't know how many people who
actually watch these whole things
hopefully they're interesting but I love
it when you guys say that you do because
that makes me happy
