what's up guys a long time no vlog I'm
standing here in the open balcony
doorway because there's some good
lighting outside today it's called not
indoor lighting and I need to replace
the bulbs in my apartment but um I
haven't done a vlog for I think seven
days or some shit maybe a longer
probably longer so what happened last
time I've logged was I think was right
before Friday night magic I went to a
new place because that place had some of
the people I like to see and they do
double standard tournaments so instead
of one standard tournament I got to do
two the first one was three rounds I
went to one I had a bye though so um I
got nine dollar store credit the second
one I went to three it was a five round
like 50-plus person tournament which was
pretty cool I did pretty well I won
every single first game except for one
so what that tells me is I'm either
really bad at side boarding or they're
really good at sideboard again against
me because I'm mono blue and supposedly
that's a thing right now but it's really
intense mirror matchup games which was
fun that I almost went I almost won like
a lot of games okay if I had won all the
games that I was like one turn away from
actually winning I probably would have
went like four one which is pretty cool
so I'm improving which is good and
playing in that deck is certainly
helping the next thing that happened is
I won't have to eat with some friends
afterwards we went to IHOP and then we
came home and Jay and I would just like
immediately like fucking shivering and
like shivering sweating the same time
getting really sick and for the next
like four days I think it was I didn't
eat anything really I was throwing up I
was shivering and couldn't move and it
was like the worst literally like
literally like people see this but it
was the worst sickness I think I've ever
had ever
I I couldn't bring myself to like prop
myself up to drink orange juice that was
right there next to me because I was I
felt so bad I can't even having a hard
time chewing gum and talking about some
time
I can't even stress enough how terrible
it was but finally yesterday I started
feeling a little bit better but I was
caught
a lot today I'm not coughing at all
which is wonderful and it's Friday night
so yeah fast forward one week is kind of
what it felt like I just got sick went
to bed lost all of my holiday weight
which was a couple pounds I guess
because I ate a lot and I didn't eat
anything cuz I was really sick and I
screamed last night when we got home I
played just some standard against my
roommate because nobody cool wanted to
play anything at the store last night
what else is up oh Sh it's been fun
aside from the whole being super sick
thing I am going to I have not updated
either of my channels very well lately
my caving channel has been just a lot of
League highlights which I know are
annoying to you guys a lot of kids were
like oh my god I'm gonna watch League
I'm gonna watch like the best plays or
I'm gonna watch a stream I'm not gonna
watch some dumb highlights fuck you the
highlights of funny give him a chance
but um I want to start doing some better
shit because seriously League highlights
it's not like what my channels about I
needed to start doing more or losing my
virginity I need to unbox my loot crate
which I think I'm gonna do in like vlog
style so don't hate me but yeah I'm
gonna take a fucking a thumbnail
I took a thumbnail I'm loving this new
screen cap thing which somehow happened
when I didn't even update my phone my
shit whatever it's cold outside boobies
um yeah I'm gonna
you guys have to see my playmat holy
shit well okay okay no yeah I'll show it
to you guys later okay cuz like it's
like in the tube and away for the
tournament
yeah it's fucking awesome it came out
way more perfect than I thought
usually when I print things they come
out kind of bad because people don't
really know how to do it unless I do
CMYK which is a color profile but I hate
see my came because it always looks a
little not as vibrant as RGB this is all
like I'm on graphic design talk or
something but yeah this is a pretty fast
vlog probably because I'm standing and
I'm holding my arm if my arms getting
tired I need to go to the gym so I can
just work out my vlog arm and be like
bye guys I missed you
