hey guys so as you might have noticed we
hit 10k subscribers on my vlog channel
finally and as a thank you to all of you
guys who have subscribed and supported
me throughout the last couple months
that I had this channel I'd like to do
something special for you so one thing
that I decided I was gonna do is I was
gonna do an AMA so post in the comments
any question you want me to answer and
I'll make an RVT full of your questions
with my answers should be pretty fun
right you can basically just ask me
anything like literally anything it can
be about whatever you want I'm not even
gonna give examples because anything is
pretty self-explanatory right so anyway
post in the comments the questions you
want me to answer and I will get on that
and make them good don't make them
stupid like how big are your boobs
that's boring you can find that out
anywhere and I just like to thank you
guys one more time for being super
supportive and just listening to me
babble day after day that's what a vlog
channel is for though right and I hope
you guys had an awesome holiday season
Happy New Year and I hope we make more
awesome content 2014 together because
this is a team effort right bye guys
thanks for watching
