just stick your mouth on that cock and
please stop talking so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want what's up guys and today we're
gonna be talking about interracial porn
I feel like I may have already made a
video on this or something related to
this in the past so if you guys know
that I have post that link in the
description you don't have access to my
account post that link in the chat chat
this isn't which post that link in the
comment section and I'll put it in the
description and we can compare and
contrast and see how I feel about it if
it's different from like two years ago
probably not but the reason that I
decided to do this video is because
there's a little extra twist to it I got
this email today from a1 Derek Carr who
said hey Tara I don't know if you take
or appreciate suggestions for new videos
I'll take a chance anyway and suggest
one can you do a video about the rising
popularity of interracial porn Thanks ok
so to answer his question I do take
suggestions I absolutely adore
suggestions one thing I don't really
appreciate is it being sent to my
business email I prefer that you tweet
it to me or that you put it in the
comments section of the videos I'm very
very open to answering publicly any
questions or any suggestions you guys
have for me I really appreciate that it
very much helps my content not only does
it give me great ideas for content but
it also helps shape my content around
what I like but also what you guys as an
audience want to see so Derek while I
appreciate it please don't send it to my
email I actually have a very strict
purpose for my email and it's like 100%
business bills things like that my
social media totally open to any
suggestion always and I'm not very hard
to reach I promise you anyway with that
said I absolutely adore interracial porn
it's not because I prefer a black man or
an Asian man or something like that over
a white man or a couple who are of the
same color
it's just that interracial porn has
gotten so good these days and there are
many other reasons why as well and we'll
talk about why I think it's popular
these days and that I think has a lot to
do with political and social climates
which is kind of interesting you know I
love doing these topics where I can talk
about philosophy or something related to
biology and why we are the way that we
are the latter of which probably has
nothing to do with what I'm going to
talk about today and also just overt
gratuitous sexual topics and I haven't
done one of those overt gratuitous
sexual topics that actually has a little
bit of
substance to it in a while so why not
just do it today firstly and I don't
know if this contributes to the fact
that interracial porn is seeing a rise
I'm not even sure if there's any
substance to that claim possibly the
person asking me the question has just
seen a lot more of it on the porn sites
or maybe all of his friends liked it and
it's more of like an anecdotal
experience I don't know if there's any
actual statistics that we can base that
fact on that does actually arise in
people watching interracial porn but
honestly to me when I think interracial
porn I think a white woman and a black
man and I think most people would agree
with that
I personally mostly watch interracial
porn that is a white woman and a black
man and as with all porn I'm only really
interested in it if it's high-quality if
the girl has big fake tits and she has
the bimbo look or at least a really
really good body and the guy has a giant
dick and obviously you've heard the
whole thing that men on average have a
bigger dick if they're black but with
the porn industry it is much much more
prevalent that a black guy will have a
big dick don't get me wrong you can
totally do porn if you're a black guy
with a small dick but it just doesn't
happen as often like if I look at a
thumbnail and I see a guy fully inside a
girl so I can't tell how big his dick is
and I'm like mom should I click on this
I'm more likely to click on it if he's
black
not because I prefer black men I have
nothing wrong with black men hot black
men are great especially in my porn but
because I know that there's a higher
percentage of black men being hired in
the porn industry with gigantic dicks
higher percentage of black porn actors
with big dicks equals more chance that
I'm gonna like the porn and not have to
go look for something else also can we
talk a little bit about black and how
high-quality the porn is I'm a proponent
of making porn much more artistic but
still being just as dirty and hardcore
and crazy as it is right now I think
there's usually two sides
I want porn to have no story it doesn't
matter what the music is doesn't matter
how good it is as long as it's just like
HD ass and pussy and then on the other
side you have people who would enjoy
porn for women like the kind of
cinematic Fifty Shades of Grey don't
really show that in and out motion not
hardcore porn porn for women as I said I
like to combine the two I like artistic
smut I like good music I like really
high-quality cinematography and I feel
like black is doing that the best I
don't really care so much for story but
if they could make a story where the
girl didn't have a valley girl accent
while she's trying to act and
just immensely make me cringe I would
probably watch the story parts of it too
but usually it goes like this the male
actor is usually a decent actor
I love why don't you come over here and
suck my cock that's my best danny d
accent dude if you speak that way not
saying you have to be an intelligence
but it literally makes me want to
objectify you just stick your mouth on
that cock and please stop talking I know
it's probably gonna be a controversial
opinion but I can't stand the way some
porn girls talk anyway so maybe there's
a correlation between the fact that one
of the biggest companies that does
interracial porn Black has such high
quality and the rise but I don't think
that's the main reason that interracial
porn is more popular if it is the main
reason I think interracial porn is more
popular if it is is that we have a huge
race war going on right now and you know
what makes something sexier than
anything in the world at least behind
closed doors to most people something
that's not allowed taboo or not common
there are many black athletes that are
saying that there's institutionalized
racism every white person of them a
conservative side is a Nazi apparently
and we have this huge inherent racial
divide at least on the Internet at least
in comment sections at least in politics
and let's be honest I hate politics but
I have never been more into politics
than I am this presidential cycle just
because it's thrown in your face
literally everywhere and a lot of it has
to do with scandal with philosophy with
how the world should work with should we
impeach I don't know I've just taken
more to the content creators to talk a
little bit more about politics and I'm
more interested in it now and I think
that is a consensus amongst everyone
everywhere they hear about the terror
attacks they get afraid they want to
hear about the news the news talks about
politics everyone else is talking about
politics in America here we have our
celebrities becoming politicians so it's
kind of hard to avoid these days and
when you have your black friends going
against your white friends your liberals
going against your conservatives lo and
behold we have more people being turned
on by interracial porn the thing that's
not as easily accessible as the olden
days when you know we actually didn't
care about race that much when I was
growing up when it wasn't taboo to make
an off-color joke to be honest the more
something becomes taboo again the sexier
it becomes and the more people in the
privacy of their own homes in their very
vulnerable sexual moments will
see something like that and I really
wish that wasn't the case I wish I could
see interracial porn for free when I
open the blinds and see my next-door
neighbors that would be hot anyway some
of my favorite interracial porn has to
do with people like PETA Jensen getting
gangbanged by like five black dudes I
think that's super hot
also as I talked about in my do I like
black guys video which a lot of people
called me a racist or just because I
don't like some parts of culture that
come from the black community I don't
like rap culture but I kind of like it
when a bunch of hood black guys fuck the
shit out of some like rocker chick or
some like super valley girl blond chick
it almost seems to play in a little bit
with my rape fantasies I think the
contrast is hot I think the fact that
she's liking it so much and they're
liking her white ass so much it's just
really hot I think every woman and man
once in their lives should have sex with
someone who they don't agree with
politically or who is completely
opposite of them who maybe they wouldn't
be able to have a relationship with but
it's just really fun to get fucked by
that kind of person also can we just go
back to how high-quality black porn is
Act you're doing such a good fucking job
never quit do i watch interracial porn
often that involves other races do you
even call it in a racial porn if it's
like a Mexican chick and a white dude
because I don't really at least you
can't really tell if someone has a
little bit of Hispanic in them kind of
hard but as for like Asian and white or
Asian and black I really only like Asian
chicks as much Asian guys tend to have
smaller dicks or at least their emphasis
in porn isn't put so much on the dick
but when I see a really hot asian guy oh
my god that's the best thing ever
I'm not against any kind of interracial
porn and I have to be honest I am
watching a lot more interracial porn
these days as it's harder to find porn
stars that I don't know about or porn
that I haven't watched I'm just like
yeah let's go for the big dicks and the
ramming and forcing of these big ass
members inside this tiny white girl that
sounds like fun let's do that
that is my verdict on interracial porn
why it's more popular why today's
political and social climate has changed
it I know man it's crazy to talk about
the most degenerate ships and also add a
little hint of logic and philosophy in
there my favorite thing I love combining
things that I love like combining gaming
and sexiness or black dudes and white
women and honestly when people try to
play the racism card like there's some
kind of inherent racism in the fact that
some women will fetishize a black man or
big black cock I always just say shut
the fuck up this is your sexuality it's
not a political statement it doesn't say
anything about the person in that moment
it's okay to objectify those two things
and it's okay to appreciate something
sexuality in eroticism without trying to
make a whole blanket statement about a
race of people as actual people we're
all individuals we should focus less on
race and part of focusing less on race
is getting offended at things that are
race related your race says little to
nothing about you other than your
heredity from many many years ago and it
does seem like a lot of people who get
offended about race things are kind of
stuck in the past and what happened in
the past even if it doesn't directly
affect you anymore and even if it does
somehow inherently still affect you
moving on bettering yourself and
focusing on things that you can change
is much better than wallowing in
victimhood focus on more than just your
race or characteristics that you were
born with and cannot change you're an
individual stop with the group mentality
and defenses taken not given so if you
take offense to the fact that I like
watching in a racial porn or anything
that I've said here today you took that
offense I did not mean to give it and
intent is all that matters in my opinion
sorry that took a little bit of a
serious turn there I wanted this to be
sexy and fun and thought-provoking but
not so much polarizing so let's just
pretend this video was however long it
was gonna be when I just stuck two dicks
and pussies
if you like this kind of stuff please
let me know if you want me to do more
commentary on just sex and porn related
stuff or if you want me to do more
social and political commentary let me
know I'm open to those things because
I'm interested in those things in my
personal life as well and I just like
making to answer that I'm proud of do
you guys enjoy watching wow I love you
guys to all the bbc's and LW C's out
there keep enjoying whatever porn you
want whatever sub-genre whatever
fetishes you have there are
psychological reasons why you have
fetishes and everyone has them also porn
is great as long as you remember that
it's not exactly real life bye guys
