hey guys what's up i haven't done a vlog
in a couple days actually since
Christmas and it's like the 29th now so
I'm going to and the reason I haven't
really as because generally i do then
when my roommate is at work and he has
two weeks off which is awesome and i
have two weeks off as well so we've
basically just been having fun playing
league in magic and doing all the
awesome things that we like to do but a
lot of things have been happening for
christmas i think i showed you guys
mostly what I got I didn't really get
any gift so that I got like 10 games
from you guys on steam which is fucking
amazing um let's see hitman absolution a
foul space fuckin a bunch of other ones
so I'm really excited about that because
that just gives me a lot more options
when it comes to my losing my virginity
series and I think I want to play hitman
absolution as a let's play because
hitman is one of my more favorite
franchises I would say and I haven't
played absolution yet I was really
excited about it i think two years ago
at e3 but I never actually got around to
playing it so I'm excited to do that
something I really hated it was a hitman
movie like I liked the movie it's like
I'm just like cowering what I just said
I like the movie but the guy that they
um got for the movie I felt like he was
way too like not the way hit man should
be they made him seem to me like some
like weird like awkward shy guy who's
never been around a girl before but he's
supposed to be like a colic he's not
supposed to have those kinds of like
silly emotions although it makes the
character hotter to me because I like
that kind of weird like virgin asst
thing it's not what I want hit man you
know I'm saying it's like if they make
Kratos like some mama's boy cry baby
right it wouldn't make any fucking sense
a lot of you guys probably won't agree i
mean my roommate doesn't even agree with
me this bra makes my boobs look huge cuz
it pushes them up actually it's funny
because i never wear a push-up bra I
pretty much ass wear a bra for support
with an underwire but when I wear a
push-up bra they're like ginormous Gant
'ok and i can just like put this here
and you would even know i have boobs
which is awesome so friday night magic
was the first time i played my model
blue deck and my mom my mono glue deck
is a net meta
that someone else made it's not
something that I made and it's the first
time that I'm actually playing meta deck
and basically because it makes sense to
me someone from the shop was telling me
a lot of people from the shop actually
we're telling me that it makes more
sense as a new player to play a net deck
or a meta deck because it helps you
learn not only that how the meta is and
how like a deck is supposed to operate
in the current meta against other meta
decks but it allows me to just learn the
mechanics and to get something that's
like more straightforward like an aggro
or devotion deck is really going to help
me learn so I've decided to stick with
the model blue deck for at least a month
to learn everything about it and when
the new set comes out and when the GP is
over and all that I can like add to it
or change it or maybe make my own deck
or switch to a different meditech right
now I'm sticking to the model blue and I
am passively passively I keep telling my
friends the site it's like a John going
joke now that I've told them I'm
passively building my red green monster
deck as well because I have the two
German garrix which are like my favorite
cards ever Garrett is so fucking sexy
and then I have them in German I have
two German ones and then the German
emblem um and I also have this awesome
land it's a Terrell and a sexy Terrell
and I don't have it because I I think I
let my friend borrow it today and I
didn't get it back but it's a hundred
and fifty dollars because it's
commissioned artwork on a foil land
basic land and it's me in my school girl
outfit with the under boob licking a
lollipop it's fucking awesome i have to
show you guys I can't wait to show you
but anyway the best I had ever done
before that is a 13 in friday night
magic with a the exception of a couple
like single games not actual sets but
this week i went to two and i should
have beaten chris you guys know Chris
he's brown sugar from my stream um but
you guys I should have beaten him
because he was playing red agro mono red
yeah and um two of the games out of the
three he fucking like I had lethal on
the board and I just swung incorrectly
and lost it sucked so if I hadn't miss
played if I was a more experienced
player I would have easily beaten him
all three games there wouldn't even
three games because I would beat him all
three games but I easily made him the
first and that's why I didn't go 3-1
which is a pretty huge step up okay
let's imagine I'm a good player I would
have gone 31 instead of 13 just because
I switched to a deck that makes sense in
the current meta instead of trying to
build my own because like it makes sense
that I don't have the knowledge of magic
yet to be making my own deck and like
making those hard decisions and thinking
about what can be counters to the things
that I made and then when I do play test
it I've been play testing a lot i feel
like i am finally getting decent at the
mechanics of the game even though it's
like such a complex game like you think
it's not that bad but there's so many
things you have to think about so many
triggers that you can miss like I don't
know it gets crazy but I'm really liking
it basically I just put down one I have
a one drop which is awesome it's either
a judge's familiar or a cloud fan Raptor
claw from Raptors cool because it
evolves and evolve means that any time
something enters the battlefield that
has a higher toughness or or whatever
what's the word for fucking damage
whatever when it whenever a creature
enters abella that has more than that on
your side he actually gains a +1 +1
counter to try to evolve you know I like
things in magic that actually makes
sense in real life like chained to the
rocks is something where you can kind of
just take control and have a creature
that your opponent owns attached to a
mountain and whenever that enchantment
dies which is the chains or the mountain
dies you get your creature back so like
imagine like you have a cloud for a
raptor like a little rapidly and then
you put it and attach it to rock so it's
fucking awesome it's like really literal
and i love that something i want to do
later down the line i'm like skipping
all over because i haven't talked to you
guys forever so I'm like I'm gonna sue
but something I want to do down the line
is I want to make a really literal
picture of and really nice i got have to
commission someone to do this but a
playmat that has like a literal
situation going on right so like um for
instance a cloud fin raptor attached to
the side of a mountain with chains while
someone like a worm that shouldn't have
flying has flying
and let's say Shandra not Shandra let's
say hmmm Elspeth is down on the ground
giving him that because she did her ult
like something really a like a literal
whole landscape of magic where you can
be like I know what's in play right now
because of this play mats like landscape
and what it looks like I think they'll
be fucking cool don't you ok enough
magic talk um what else I'm having a
great time if I roommate he works a lot
like 10 hours a day four days a week so
look I'm having this two weeks off is
pretty cool we get to hang out a lot and
just chill be merry um what else is
going on in my life can't wait for the
GP still I'm helping a lot of people
play tests have been playtesting a lot
myself just trying to learn the game and
hopefully become a valuable assets the
playset playtesting team and help people
like learn which deck they want to use
like I basically just want to be like a
really good cheerleader and hope that
one of us from Seattle here gets into
the top eight at the GP that would be
pretty awesome I of course want Chris or
Pat to do it I haven't introduced Pat to
or most of the people basically you guys
just know Chris well there is Pat chris
and brian and brian has been on my
stream and Pat and Chris a bit on my
stream but Pat doesn't talk very much i
think it's like he's only been on the
stream twice now and then there's
hey-zeus he's on the stream sometimes um
he's really good at Magic who else is
there there's Steve I've talked about
him like once or twice he's the one the
commissioned the land for me the really
cool sexy Terrell and Anna there's a
couple other people but yeah I really
enjoy the people who I met at the store
that I go to and there's a couple stores
that I switch between now I guess and I
mean I just like it's so much easier to
find people you get along with when you
are in a community doing something that
you love you know so like with modeling
if all you are is someone who likes to
like model and like shop for clothes and
all that stuff you're gonna like find a
lot of friends within the industry but I
was never one of those people you know
like I literally own just like a pair of
winter boots
slippers and flip flops like I don't
give a shit about fucking high-heeled
shoes well I own a lot of high-heeled
shoes because I have to as a model you
know but but basically I don't buy that
shit I don't enjoy shopping for that
shit I don't give a shit to buy a bunch
of different types of sneakers either
like Jordans and shit like what no I
don't like the only clothes I wear or
like this you know like comfy
Abercrombie who's basically a shop
almost exclusively at abercrombie
hollister so now that should fucking
matter some I don't care about gucci and
prada like what I'm not in some money on
mindset going out so when I actually
enter like an eSports community or magic
community if I'm people who have similar
interests and not only similar interests
but they grew up similarly so then they
have a similar sense of humor and stuff
and everything just kind of fits so like
let's say one out of every three people
I can consider a good friend if I get to
know them close enough which is pretty
cool so I feel like I'm making more
friends um nothing really new with my my
boy drama or my crushes or whatever same
old same old there's still that one that
I told you guys about previously I don't
know I can't go into depth it's hard to
go into depth on things that are
actually happening especially with like
love life things because you know like
sometimes you want to talk about things
that are taboo and then if you can kind
of infer that person is it sucks for
them you know so I got to keep things
private and then that thinking about
going to LA soon which is which is also
relevant to boy drama um yeah that
should be fun I haven't been there for
like couple months so it would be cool
what else is up pretty much just
rambling I feel like you guys are my
friend like my really good friend like
my best friend that I like a collective
best friend you know that I don't get to
see very often so when I see them I just
like completely gush about everything
that's been going on and then that turn
never comes for me to be like so how
have you been but seriously post out in
the comments like if you feel like I
read like ninety percent of like the
comments on both of my channels so i
will read read every post mmm and I find
a lot of it to be funny I need to
start up Tara Reid's comments again but
the editing for that takes so long it's
like oh and i have to finish out last i
swear to god I'm not like not gonna do
it I'm gonna do it like it's gonna be
good we're gonna do it it's gonna be
awesome how are you guys enjoying the
sexy uh Tara stories sexy story time yes
this was called how you guys enjoying
that what do you guys think about this
week's is it fiction non fiction or
fantasy haha last week's was fantasy or
not not week I just like I did it every
other week or something i also have to
unbox my loot crate and holy shit
everything is like oh I have so many
things to do and i can't wait for Tara
talks to start back up like everything
is going on in my brain like but I'm
mostly just excited about magic and life
and friends and streaming I'm starting
to stream a lot more um doing a lot more
League streaming gonna do a lot more
retro streaming I still have to choose
which retro game I'm gonna do next
because I finished mario super mario
world yeah I'm gonna go so I'm starting
to ramble without actual purpose and
it's like three word like gaps of just
like blah like blurting things out so
yeah bye guys oh and I have to take my
my obligatory thumbnail picture let's
see let's just in boobs for the
thumbnail picture Oh where's it though
oh no I'm gonna make it good
and that my friends is how I take selfie
bye guys
