yet the internet these are so you can
use your i phone put it over here try it
okay we're gonna know god damn it dad
okay i don't think you can use your
iphone with these gloves no okay stop
that lets creepy what's up i'm at my
parents house look for halloween Eric
thanks what what is it what okay stop
being creepy I'm here for Christmas and
I got a lot of cool stuff I got some
Abercrombie wife beaters or halt yeah
Abercrombie I got out the sky um I got
slippers that are actually flip flops so
just cool I got the fuck i have i have
Seahawks gloves on so it's like hard for
me to do anything and I'm the Seahawks
hat and the Seahawks thing because if
you guys don't know the c-axis doing
really well and my parents are really
into it so I stole it from my mom she's
really mad aren't you you're mad now
aren't you yeah you can have that half
at you can have that hat yeah she won't
let me have the Seahawks headset okay so
there's like a cute here gotta figure it
out help all right there's like there's
a cute owl on it so awesome and jake out
a bunch of cool stuff to what's that
what it what so camera loose yes a
camera lens what's so amazing we should
get this for every photographer we know
this is awesome kanniyum ultra is
something but it's really cool look
bright cop that football that's cool and
Jay got a bunch of underwear and socks
and a martyr sure this is really cool
here's our tree it's a tiny tree and at
the top we have I don't even yeah and
stop we have Mickey Mickey's awesome
mini stuff everywhere from ya was yet
little and then pictures of me from when
I was little just gross my dad got some
stuff too there's the cat over there and
a bunch of pictures of me all over the
place which kind of creeps me out they
have more pictures of me than I have
pictures of me and yet oh I also got
hold on I got wrapping paper super my
brother's wrapping paper Super Mario
Brothers gum
is which is yummy and Super Mario
Brothers stickers from the wii u thingy
i have socks for every day of the week
and what's awesome is that friday is
like nerdy for friday night magic hansa
yay and I've got some money Oh a itunes
store credits ten dollars each so you
can buy games and TV shows and books and
songs published by games because that
seems like the obvious thing to do what
else is there oh look it's a Santa
babushka let's open it Wow there's no
the inside mom I don't know where the
other ones went with nothing inside of
it what Jenna's nestings gone yeah you
killed it you killed it mom press Santa
let's see he says it's kind of gave him
um no no it's nice he's not gay no are
you gay no not how anyway alright um I'm
gonna go enjoy rat right Christmas with
my parents bye
