hey guys welcome to my second episode of
sexy story time
these are smut like stories that I've
written myself in order to keep up with
my creative writing talent and to kind
of help ease my super libido creativity
sexuality that's me so last week's story
was all about an empty Gina named Klaus
and as you guys know I like to get some
viewer feedback so what I asked you guys
is do you guys think it was non fiction
fantasy meaning it's kind of rooted in
reality but I want it to happen or
complete fiction meaning nothing like
that happened and it's just straight
from my head last week's story was
dumped in a fantasy while everything
about that story was true up until the
sex the sex never actually happened and
I realized halfway through reading it
out that it kind of might be weird if
anyone from fnm actually watched my
videos and a lot of them do as I turn
out but none of them actually realized
who I was talking about or anything like
that so it didn't turn awkward this
one's about a rock star I've got my
trusty sexy book and my sexy foe reading
glasses let's do this I carefully scaled
the black and red stairs in the dimly
lit auditorium step after step my heart
raced as my fear of heights took over my
senses all of the outcomes of my falling
down a slick steep stairs were racing
through my head none of which I imagined
I'd survive oh why didn't we get here
early now we've got to take the
nosebleeds in front of the crane we
can't see shit
side J my muscular roommate and
perpetual sidekick I was more worried
about whether or not I'd be able to get
back down when the show was over or
worse when I had to pee from all the
alcohol that consumed yeah this would
have been easier if I were sober I
sighed upon finally reaching our seats
barely cushions small and bright red to
contrast from the black walls and floors
feedback screech doubt of the speaker's
a setup had begun Chris a well-built
photographer and trucker three
attributes seldomly used to describe one
person turned to me and began to gush
about the upcoming ban in his usual
fast-paced and slurred pronunciation
you're going to love this next band
their Austrian that means they speak
German hot I said mockingly despite
being genuinely intrigued my slight
anticipation of the Austrian metal band
had turned into a strong desire to hear
what kind of music they would play but
more importantly what they looked like
because of course when hardcore metal
artists are also German heritage it's
the little things that matter
after what felt like a decade the
curtain is finally parted and smoke
machines pumped a thick cloud of vapors
obscuring my view as the music began to
kick in slowly at first Prague powered
instrument by instrument this was
already sounding pretty great I thought
five heavy enticing an intense some went
by seemingly quickly and the curtains
were closing again as the dedicated team
of roadies embarked on breaking down the
band set and ready in the stage for the
next act
I knew time flew by as I enjoyed the
music because I was already starting to
sober up again and didn't I just go pee
I stepped lightly down the stairs and
into the bathroom as I meticulously
gazed into the mirror freshening up my
lip gloss and replacing the pink shiny
glaze my mind is elsewhere I picked up
my phone from the sink counter and typed
the band's name into Google Images
clicking on the most metal picture of
the band's frontman I saw he's kind of
hot I guess and so it began my dull
pangs of lust for the singer Oh laughs
that's a strong name I thought promptly
pushing the thought out of my head as I
emerged from the bathroom only to see
the singer embracing another female
artist I saw on stage a few bands
earlier she's not as cute as I am but oh
well
he's taken her tall thin frame pushed
back from his and she turned her head
toward me glancing me up and down as I
passed back into the venue her face was
not displeasing but no one would ever
call her a beauty queen although she did
fit the stereotype of a female who was
interested in metal with her dark
clothing steel toed boots and raccoon
like eyeshadow I took the precautions I
was becoming all too familiar with to
reach my seat while staying alive only
to realize the metal couple had been
trailing behind me to take a seat
directly behind my group in a dark
corner my friends giggled and whispered
to each other as they passed Chris with
his ever loud mouth exclaimed
there's your Austrian boyfriend and his
ex-girlfriend through giggles shut up I
yelled back
surprising myself at the lack of my
volume control I don't even like him and
he has a girlfriend apparently I lowered
my tone and continued being the amazing
friends that they were they continued
and even higher octaves only ceasing the
embarrassment to laugh lovely I sighed
and peeked behind us only to catch them
looking directly at me my cheeks
reddened as I whipped my head back
around what the fuck fuck you guys i
brewed it alone in my head an amazing
melodic prog metal band began and I was
starting to forget my new austrian metal
hunk in his bitchy looking ball and
chain three bands later and I was not
only exhausted in starving I
seriously sick of my bony butt scraping
against thought rock-hard wooden seats
my group and I made it back to the hotel
that was hosting the event only to be
met by a courtyard filled with rowdy
fans interacting with their favorite
artists from the night concert goers
were drinking smoking and adjusting
other indistinguishable forms of illegal
drugs the food is coming but one of us
will have to stay in the lobby for the
delivery dude not at Chris snaps turning
away to join the others in celebration I
was tired and I didn't know anyone there
the small plastic stool and tables set
in the lobby didn't look too bad to me
at the moment I'll take the delivery guy
duty you guys go hang out it's cool 15
minutes passed slowly as I flipped
through pictures on Instagram and text
from friends on skype I was beginning to
get antsy I had to pee yuria Slee and my
stomach was evolving into a giant void
equipped with its own rhinoceros sounds
fuck this I thought I'm gonna go pee hey
I said to the man standing at the lobby
desk could you hold the pizza guy if he
comes while I use the restroom the guy
nodded not even looking up from this
computer and I made my way to the space
and enclosed the woman's bathroom it was
a dark area secluded behind a wall
separating the female single bathroom
from the male counterpart on the other
side I grabbed the stainless steel
handle and Toad locked someone must be
inside I guess I have to wait I pressed
my butt against the wall and rested my
head back closing my eyes is the memory
of the hot musician crossed my mind
tall strong what if he just asked me to
come back to his room while his
girlfriend was away
my eyes were jarred open as I hear
footsteps coming around the corner I was
astounded to see the same man I was just
daydreaming about his large frame
standing there like a shadow I was
startled and turned on at the same time
suddenly he started to speak to me but
the word seemed foreign to me until I
realized he was speaking German and his
strange Austrian dialect his voice low
and manly I don't I started to reply as
he stepped toward me filling my stomach
full of butterflies that I could only
assume were flapping their wings because
they were just as shocked as I was I let
out a small gasp as he grabbed my thin
neck thrusting me against a wall was
this really happening my body
immediately shivered as I felt his
powerful hands on me one running at my
leg and the other tightly around my neck
so I could barely breathe I swear my
feet were outside in the ground for a
split second as he pushed his face
toward mine
locking lips with me he was forcing
himself on me pushing his tongue past my
lips and into my mouth asserting
was a stronger creature and in this
moment showing me what he wanted I had
forgotten that anyone can easily just
see if they exited the bathroom or
walked around the corner to join the
line forgotten that he had someone in
his life and I didn't even dared to
think about how legal what he was doing
was I was too into his mouth on mine and
his body pressing me into the wall as
his pants started to tighten and his
large cock pressed against my hip bone
he let go mutters something in his
language and as I stared at him taking a
deep breath and totally confused he said
keep your fucking mouth shut and he was
gone just like that I couldn't believe
what had just happened I was speechless
all I could think was come back and
finish what you started and I didn't
have to pee anymore that's it for the
story this time don't forget to put in
the comments whether you think this is
nonfiction fantasy or complete fiction
and I'll be telling you whether it is or
not in the next story you know free to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and make sure you have a great day if
you haven't checked out my MTG nerd 1
from the last time definitely do that
because I think that one's a little bit
harder because it was the fantasy that
actually inspired me to start making
this series have a good day guys
bye giant void equipped with its own
right that's a funny part
