oh this is cold McConnell you guys watch
my Street know exactly is everything
Gucci everything's good everything's
good - yeah all right I've got the video
because I'm gonna switch to face cams
two seconds
hey guys I'm at the card shop and we got
packs here so I'm gonna open it but
first I want to tell you guys about this
so I've been taking like a shit ton of
notes because what is she doing he says
now you're gonna walk how do you feel
that's Sam okay so I've been taking
notes about this a red-green monsters
deck that I have and I'm trying to get
better at it because it's really
confusing because of all the freaking Oh
what you want to be on stop it because
it has the neck those shit and then the
fucking virgin oh you almost cut that me
no pick it up
look at him pick it up like a bitch pick
it up yes okay so you like do that
untapping of nikto thing which is like
fucking confusing a shit then there's a
devotion you get mana equal to that but
we're gonna open a pack so okay I'm
gonna sit you down with a second so I
can actually start opening all right
all right so I opened it here we go so
we've got ax men stag am i am i pointing
at the deviants believe this is a cord
I'm trying trestle through troll crystal
truth
does she know racketeer today mates so
lesney a century regenerate citizenship
I hate things like stupid fucking animal
humanoid things it's like so dumb
downsize stone fair crocodile explosive
impact and this is the uncommon security
blockade another uncommon so Lesniak
Irie
green or light to Atlanta and another
uncommon what that's it Oh rock dust
rage much and be rare it's thanks so
yeah pretty unimpressive but yeah I also
got oh we got a land a forest isn't it
wonderful and then nothing but anyone
get a token
look there's Chris over there Chris hi
Chris
he's stupid if you watched my stream
like two nights ago you met him I was
like doing the boob shot there all right
good enough right because your start
talking good to you then you're not
Gucci right now all right I'm gonna go
cuz this is weird people are looking at
me later hey guys
