YouTube I am super fucking pissed off at
you and here I'm going to tell you why
look at my fucking email fucking
everywhere it went where okay where
YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube
information about your video and YouTube
YouTube YouTube information about your
video you know what that is that is
YouTube telling me that I'm having
copyright violations now even though
this isn't like totally ruining my
channel to where I can't post anymore or
like I have to take the videos down or
anything it's making it so that a lot of
countries can't see my videos first of
all second of all it makes it so none of
them are monetized like literally 60% of
my gaming content is not monetized
anymore because of like visuals or music
that I played now I completely
understand that I shouldn't be playing
music but it's really hard when you're
streaming and then you want to cut the
stream vod's up and put them up on
YouTube because of course during a
stream you're gonna want to play music I
mean it makes things more interesting
there's a lot of downtime on a stream
where you're not necessarily talking
about things so it can get kind of
boring if there's no music plus it
allows people to see my personality and
what kind of music I listen to and then
I could link my playlist and I can share
music with my fans my fans can give me
music or viewers whatever you want to
call them and all that it just makes the
stream better but I totally understand
why I shouldn't be playing copyrighted
music on YouTube that's completely fine
the things I'm really pissed off about
is things like Nintendo still having the
rights to really really really old Super
Mario Brothers content so none of my
Super Mario Brothers let's play can be
fucking monetized and then also randomly
like on games like magicka it'll say it
like 20 minutes for like 5 seconds
there's some kind of visual content from
some company that no one's ever heard of
that definitely does not own the
gameplay of Magica now this fucking
drives me insane because if you try to
appeal these copyright rules not only
does it take a long time to find like
the rights and stuff on the internet to
actually find you know where the game
developers say that you can use them in
monetized videos as a YouTube partner
right
but um you also when submitting that
have a chance to be denied and if you're
denied enough times when you're
appealing these kinds of claims you can
actually get your account shut fucking
down forever can you believe that shit
like what is YouTube doing and what
they're doing is Artur
multichannel network partners which I am
I'm partnered with zoom in games and
they're pretty much just like running a
light and automatic screening on
everyone's content so like a lot of the
bigger youtubers including myself I'm
not a bigger youtuber but I am with a
multi-channel network so that's why this
is happening to me and a lot of the
gaming channels are just being
completely fucked in terms of their
finances when this is like what they do
for a job and I feel really bad for them
but I'm also really disheartened to
myself because as much as I do this for
because I have the passion for it and
everything the two hundred dollars I get
a month I was hoping would eventually go
up a little bit and I could use this to
pay off some of my expenses and kind of
make like half of a living at least so I
can model less so I can do more of what
I love so that's basically what anyone
wants to do they want to turn their
passion into into a career and that's
what I was trying to do by having two
YouTube channels that in total only make
200 or less dollars a month and now
we're gonna make 60% less so I feel like
I'm starting over again and then I feel
like half of my viewership which is in
Germany is not gonna be able to watch
half of my videos because they're
fucking copyrighted and Germany has
crazy copyright laws so that is why I'm
stressed out and I might upload this to
my gaming channel as well because a lot
of people have been asking me how do you
feel about this new content copyright
crap and I feel terrible about it it's
making me really sad it's spamming my
inbox my fucking email and then randomly
it'll tell me on my on my blog channel
that if I just like put like
I put fuck la in one of the titles and
it was just me talking like this
they fucking cut took the copyright away
and they said that I'm using someone
else's copyrighted content what why
can't i monetize me just talking about
la sucking like I don't understand why
it drives me crazy so there's my rant
for it I have a passion for YouTube I
chose YouTube over being like a super
like full-time twitch streamer because I
just love YouTube so much I love the
versatility of it I love that I can do
spend less time like actually making
videos like I can do a 30 minute content
video and then take a break or go to
work and come back from a shoot and then
I can do another video it doesn't have
to be like a five hour long stream like
streaming does and I just love the
versatility of YouTube and the
community there and the fact that I can
stream or I can play mainstream games I
can play streamed games I can play
eSports and I get viewership and love
from all sides there and I just fucking
love YouTube and it actually I actually
cried about this like it felt like part
of my dreams were being shattered and I
didn't wake up in the morning feeling
like oh I can't wait to get home to make
videos anymore and that's what made me
really sad so I really hope YouTube if
anyone that has any kind of pull in
YouTube is listening please please do
something to save us youtubers because a
lot of people's full time career is this
and a lot of people's happiness is being
destroyed by what you're doing if you're
not gonna like stop this copyright crap
for multi-channel networks people then
you should probably at least improve it
so that it doesn't do glitchy shit like
tell me that Magica is owned by some
unnamed company that isn't the company
that it's owned by yeah
or at least allow people to just appeal
everything even though it's gonna take a
lot more time to sit there and appeal
like every fucking video content
copyright notice like at least I won't
have to worry about when I do appeal it
that maybe you guys are just gonna like
hate on me and ruin my whole life by
closing my youtube account I don't know
I'm gonna start trying to stream more
I'm still gonna focus a lot on the
YouTube content because I just love you
too I don't know it's I can do all the
things I love on YouTube it doesn't have
to be just gaming it doesn't have to be
just eSports it doesn't have to be just
a league or Starcraft those two games it
can be the games from my childhood it
can be everything and and people enjoy
watching my content I don't know why
they would do such ridiculous things
like first they changed the comment
system so it's like a pile of shit and
then they fucking do this I don't know
it's so that's basically how I feel
other than that things have been great
I've been playing a lot of magic the
gathering I was at the card shop I think
three times this week I'm going tomorrow
and I'm going Friday well two times yeah
and then I had my friend over yesterday
to teach me I play Magic the Gathering
online which the client on that is a
little bit weird
oh my fake tan looks really bad I
usually don't get fake tan as often but
since the saw or winter yeah and then
when I sweat when I work out I have to
like shower afterwards like okay what
happens is
if I ate an and then I workout I sweat
and then I have to shower before it
looks normal again like it doesn't
usually look splotchy or anything but
yeah things have been good with me other
than that it's just been kind of
disheartening to find out that you're
making progress in something that you
really love and then you have this huge
setback and I'm so glad that YouTube
exists and I'm happy and grateful for
every one of you who watches any kind of
my content for any reason it's just kind
of sad to know that there's gonna be
changes to where I can't do the content
the way I want to and I have to worry
every single time I upload something
that my German viewers are not gonna be
able to see it just sucks I'm not much
else I think I'm gonna leave it at that
one topic for this vlog and then I'm
gonna upload another vlog tomorrow
because basically this vlog is just
ranting about the YouTube shit
so yeah this will leave it open so that
I can post it on my main channel as well
so you guys know what's going on because
I know a lot of you guys on my gaming
content channel we're like how do you
feel about this is this affecting you
what's going on and like what actually
is it but yeah you can find a lot of
articles on it online and a lot of
youtubers have bitched about it let's
sit on the ground it's already broken
that sucks
oh yeah um I love you guys thanks for
watching I'm gonna I'm gonna make a
thumbnail I'm gonna start doing the
thumbnail while I'm actually making the
video because it's funny so let's do
thumbnail there I take the thumbnail bye
guys thanks for watching and thanks for
all the support
definitely
