intranets whoo welcome to another vlog I
have the coolest hair right now and I
didn't even try you know when you go to
a shoot or you know when you go to a
shoot I don't think you guys do that
very often to you well when you go to a
shoot and you're like doing a laying
down pose like this and you're shooting
from the top or from the side or
anything like that
people have to arrange hair for like 15
minutes this is the coolest it's ever
been even if someone's trying to arrange
it so just just take that in for a
second look at the beautiful blonde
golden loops how did that happen I just
laid down it's so weird so what's up
guys this is like an ultra cleavage
shirt mainly because it doesn't really
fit my boobs like I would not be able to
close this if I had a gun to my head
which I hope never happens they're like
oh my god if you don't do it I'm gonna
pull the sugar close your shirt I can't
do it check inside that's what happened
so yeah I just I just can't get over the
hair like look look it's like a lion's
mane it's amazing what it was what is
going on here it's fucking perfection
thumbnail today um I don't know it's
night time I wrote an essay for my
roommates University course because I am
the SI fucking master I can write like a
10 page essay full of bullshit and like
30 minutes and get an A but usually I
procrastinate and it takes me a lot
longer who is texting me while I'm doing
a vlog what nonsense
clothes there yeah yeah no you stop it
close um I might go to LA soon I don't
know when God what the fuck I am so
popular right now you don't even know
like I need to see my face while I vlog
that's oh I don't look at you guys
because they don't be like too much eye
contact and it would be awkward you know
how
but yeah what else are you today edited
some videos the the games from the merry
meets Harry Babcock guy with Tristan and
stuff are gonna be uploaded I uploaded a
game three and four today tomorrow is
gonna be Game five and the Skype call
that we had after the game which is kind
of interesting basically we are gonna be
going on the date or whatever so I'm
sorry if I spoiled it for you guys who
are like actually just watching through
there dude watch the stream I had some
the weird streaming issues yesterday
where let's see if we can offend some
magic stuff no there's a keyboard
there's some magic stuff um yeah I had
some issues with stream yesterday where
I couldn't stream and I couldn't talk in
chat so I thought I was banned I was
like so worried that I was banned like I
was like no I'm sorry twitch I didn't do
it I didn't do anything bad I'm sorry
but it turned out it was just some
site-wide issues that not everyone was
having but I was having which sucked and
I was able to stream at the end of the
night I played a little league I didn't
get that many viewers maybe like 4 to
600 or something but um then I went down
to like a steady 150 to 200 and iid seed
or something like twice and then when I
was going to bed I looked outside and
there's like guys working on like
telephone poles I don't know if that's
anything to do with anything but it
looked like they were with like internet
or telephone companies so since I'm with
Comcast I'm assuming it's pretty similar
how that works out too tired to actually
think about making a healthy pizza right
now I haven't had anything to eat all
day starving tomorrow I'm gonna be going
and playing magic it's Thursday though
it's not Friday I'm gonna be learning
how to play commander EDH and um the
next day is Friday night magic which is
my favorite night of the week so excited
oh oh my god you guys don't even know
what else I have a lot of cool League of
Legends highlights coming to my youtube
channel and a lot more to come
good start play oh that's good soon so
those of you who are waiting for outlast
outlast will be happening I didn't
abandon it it's just oh it stresses me
watch this treatment so I hate it I hate
playing it it's like the most stressful
fucking thing in the universe them now I
want more than one choice for a
thumbnail if you guys don't know what
I'm doing there I'm like if I stop for a
second I can cut out that image of me
just sitting like that and then use it
as the thumbnail easy-peasy well I'm
really really excited for next month's
Grand Prix fun and technically it'll be
my first time out of the country since I
didn't go to China which sucks but yeah
first time on the country Canada that
seems a little bit less scary two hours
away in Canada that is not as
intimidating as a zillion billion
trillion hours away in China which is
like a communist country or something
which is scary scary what else um I
fixed both my Garrick Tech mcgarrick
life gained black white green deck as
well as my black blue mill deck I'm
fixing right now trying to figure out
what exactly needs to be done in order
for it to not be as bad hmm
look it was tricolor two weeks ago and
then this Friday night magic ated worse
even though I improved it so I'm
thinking that was like luck based or
like my play or the opponent's that I
got you can never really tell my
roommates gonna start drafting what does
this button do what was that is that a
picture taking button let's see let's
take a picture
I think is a screen capture button what
sorcery is this this wasn't there
yesterday when I did a vlog I'm confused
dude out of it it's already been six
minutes there there are other things I'm
supposed to tell you but I can I forgot
I'm having a good friend of mine who is
an artist Scott C do my play Matt since
I can't draw and I think already bought
for him not for me I was gonna do mine
but then I realized I can't draw so
might as well make him something that he
has to like just because I made it and
put thought into it right like total
cop-out like that's gonna be your
Christmas present some shitty Matt that
I can't even it's awful and I wouldn't
even use it but you gotta use it because
it was a Christmas present list so
thought that counts that's how it is
yeah good I haven't said anything useful
have I I can fly I'm a little cheap
teacup
I hate on my lay down my boobs go to the
sides and then everyone's like that's
how you can tell they're natural and I'm
like no dude my boobs go to the sides
and I don't like it
so make mine faker so then they stay up
here and make cleavage while I'm laying
down so you have to put my arms like all
the way up to make no more to come
tomorrow and I'm coherent
Wow the hard I will
