welcome to our TV number 19 you guys
have been asking for this one for a long
time basically every single person who
finds out what kind of music I'm into
has the same reaction Wow
can't judge a book by it's cover you're
so cool you listen to metal and love
videogames you don't look like a rocker
wait
you're not into Britney Spears what is
this demon music then once they've
settled down they always post don't you
should totally make me a recommendations
video / link your playlist so I finally
decided to do it for you guys you're
welcome
also if you don't watch the live stream
and you have no idea what I'm talking
about the link to the live stream
playlist will also be down in the
description as well as a link to the
playlist I formulate for you guys right
here with my recommendations anyway here
are a few things I like in a song how
you're aggressive and manly growling
lyrics and vocals Oh German lyrics
amazing melodies especially if they're
Pink Floyd inspired I grew up loving
Pink Floyd and they will eternally be my
favorite band just like John Cleese will
always be my favorite actor no matter
how many people look at me weird but
that's a topic for another video
creepy music heavy bass guitar and drums
awesome guitar solos some things I don't
like in my metal are female vocals
especially female growlers singers like
Simone from Ã©poca are definitely the
exception screeching annoying vocals
like in cradle of filth and I know a lot
of you guys are gonna hate me for saying
that and that's pretty much it alright
now that we've covered some basic tastes
let's go over a few actual
recommendations and examples let's start
with my absolute favorites Amon Amarth
probably my absolute favorite metal band
of all time
Viking lyrics heavy growling vocals and
amazing instruments to back it up a
couple of my favorite songs are the hero
and zing Riker Marsh probably because
the lyrics are in German Dethklok and if
you're a Dethklok fan and you watch
Metalocalypse you're gonna have a
surprise at the end of this video as
well so surprisingly Dethklok is one of
my favorite metal bands ever
I'm incredibly addicted to all of their
songs right now especially fan song go
into the water and laser cannon death
sentence
Rammstein obviously till Lindemann is
the fucking man some of my favorite
tracks from them are mine tile rides the
rise of mayor motor pussy hai rata mich
onna dish okay I'm naming too many but
you guys have to check out the
uncensored music video for pussy so hot
mega hairs is another favorite German
metal band yeah
site is probably the hottest German
metal song of all time and it gets even
better after 245 also dine hair slicked
full Mart's on domestic lamb Oh God is
an obvious favorite and as you guys
probably should know by now I use visual
as my outro music
stop asking what song it is now you know
some of my other favorites are King me
now you've got something to die for and
walk with me in Hell Fear Factory has
amazing drums I'm just now starting to
pay attention to them more but some of
my favorites are recharger and virus of
faith
now if Cannibal Corpse a lot of their
music is a little bit gurashi
but it's still super manly so I love it
I would recommend evisceration play and
stripped raped and strangled
sounds like my Friday night or actually
Saturday because Friday it's Friday
night magic Slipknot will always have a
place in my heart is one of the
creepiest sexiest metal bands out there
Corey Taylor's voice is so fucking sexy
the nameless left behind wait and bleed
the virus of life I could go on and on
and on cold chamber with a rowboat an
empty jar Epico with storm the sorrow
and our destiny in flames has a bunch of
great older heavier songs but the chosen
pessimist will always be my number one
favorite Dream Theater is my more prog
rock a choice with these walls Peruvian
skies and the count of Tuscany maybe
you'll recall a cannibal curator
yeah the lyrics are a bit stupid with
Dream Theater Dimmu Borgir has broader
scope it's ring and progenies of the
great apocalypse Metallica of course the
Unforgiven 3 the day that never comes
and their take on turn the page which is
one of my favorite Bob Seger songs from
my childhood catatonia with idol blood
criminals and tear gas mercenary does
symbiotic which is one of my favorites
as well mud veins out to pasture all
talk and day their favorites but nothing
to gain is my favorite of all time
Mudvayne songs because it's based off of
the killer Ed Gein which is pretty
creepy I love studying murders mushroom
head yes I do like Slipknot and mushroom
head shut up
Xerox 10:43 are fucking heavy they also
did an awesome rendition of empty spaces
by Pink Floyd which is a huge plus
obscurity is another good German one
with Kelty vault and burst asure hammer
fucking open with burden of fair
judgement and porcelain heart scar
symmetry has prism and gate which
totally sounds like a Protoss reference
and the missing coordinates solution 45
has wire thrown and let the in tears
side rates from zero
nothing is fucking amazing despite the
ten minutes of silence at the end that
they have on Spotify which is terrible
ether as well so fucking good winds of
plague we're finding the fire
and winter Sun with sleeping stars to
end this list even though they're not
really metal I'd like to acknowledge
Deftones and Toole as two of my all-time
favorite bands the creepy and sexy
although they're not the heaviest Jimmy
push it enema sober and parabola for
tool and Korea knife party digital bath
and my own summer for Deftones and check
out passenger which is a tool and
Deftones collaboration literally the
hottest thing ever holy shit and sexual
- feel free to post in the comments like
the video and tell me which songs do you
like the best of the ones I suggested
also send me some of your favorites as
well that are not listed in the video
oh shit and mastodons and Baroness holy
fuck sleeping giant crystal skull
pendulous skin C lungs oh my god and how
can I forget soil redefined obsession
okay
now I'm done for real and as an added
bonus an awesome guy named Maurizio
McClane totally made this for me it's
Nathan explosion saying hi to me and
saying that it'll go on a date with me
with the rest of the Dethklok crew it's
fucking hilarious
roll sound clip
hey this is Nathan explosion and uh-oh
you're produced by fender the curling
turret Babcock has the hots for me and
wants me to say like hi or something I
thought it was a bit too early for me to
attend this request you know since I'm
drunken halt so I went in and googled
her ass but I have to say I'm impressed
that such a fine lady has expressed her
sexual attraction towards me I hope
she's not a crazy bitch like that other
weirdo with the bomb would be a real
shame your fucking heart you don't look
like a metal fan but that's okay I'm
quite fond of the blonde bombshell look
myself
it seems you really like video games
which I find kind of nerdy which I don't
mind at all I mean nerdy chicks are sex
beasts so mr. Babcock
this is Nathan explosion I want to say
hi to you maybe we could get together
have some dinner some good wine we'd
have to go for it somewhere else it's
guys your house or will cock blockers
hey Nathan what are you doing dude
speaking of the devil
what are you doing oh who is that finds
ladies
oh that sounds so pretty ladies Nathan
ask her if she has a hot spreads for me
God boys I told you in the nicest
possible way to fuck off didn't I oh
come on Ethan at least we didn't walk in
on you jacking off like murderface here
I told you gosh I need my privacy you
know our filtering idea for my planet
bitch project all I wants to be a
planet's piss murderface please let me
in
I kill you you're not a planet okay
all of you get out No okay let's leave
me even alone guys we're killing his bus
have fun strides to jack-offs to
Blondie's picks Nathan's I'll get to our
pants first get out sorry about that
Tara anyways the invitations on I guess
so yeah I'm Way too drunk to even be
standing I'm going to bed no Nathan what
are you doing we need you in the studio
in 10 minutes in the studio what for
Nathan were recording scratch tracks for
the new album and we're already three
weeks behind schedule get yourself
together and go to the studio please Oh
Oh breather in five remember we got a
lot of pressure on our stroller since
the last album people are expecting the
best of
love you yeah I'll be there good see you
in five
finally they left me alone anyway Tara
Babcock I really appreciate your
interest in me and I'll see you very
soon don't worry about leaving your
phone number or email address I'll have
my people contact you so we can arrange
our date you know what I'm saying
so thank you for being so hard and so
metal even when you don't look like it
and I'll see you soon I guess bye
that's an unusual name
well hard I will
