hey guys I haven't done a vlog in a
couple days so I decided to do it today
cuz I have a lot of things to tell you
guys first of all today was an awesome
day my hair's up I never do that look
isn't it cute when my hair is up it's so
funny how sometimes people are like dude
put your hair up to show that that's not
a wig or weave or extensions and I'm
like it's none of the above but I don't
see how putting it into a ponytail will
really debunk whether or not I have at
least extensions I mean doesn't make any
sense right maybe it doesn't like the
lala land heads of boys on the internet
anyway um today was fun so the first
thing i did today was sleep in a little
bit which was awesome i meant to go to
the gym i meant to clean the house early
i meant to do our TV number 19 which is
going to be all about my metal pics so
you guys get to know what kind of metal
i like and what songs i recommend and
stuff like that not even made a new
playlist for it so it's gonna be cool um
but I didn't get to do that what I did
was I did stream the WWE marry me tara
babcock calm games so if you guys recall
there was a guy who made the most
amazing website for me with a video
asking me to marry him but then at the
end he basically was just like I'm just
kidding i just really like you so let's
play a game and if I win I take you out
to dinner right so I was planning on
playing starcraft and we played
starcraft today on stream in front of
two thousand viewers which is awesome
god I miss my starcraft viewership like
everyone wants me to play starcraft and
when i play league i get like 200 to 600
viewers max um unless it's like a crazy
day where i go over a thousand but in
starcraft like I still have the
viewership and stuff and everyone was
really interested to see a Tristan would
win and I through two games kind of on
purpose because I thought that I would
easily beat him because the first game
was like easy peasy he played zerg I
played Terran um I thought he was
platinum but he seems to be a lot lower
level than I am and I easily beat him
when I'm Mac rowing and stuff but one of
the games i went to a proxy to racks and
i passed his overlord with my suvs when
i went to go make um the racks so he
like checked it and obviously I'm right
there like making my rack so that got
screwed over and then he just decided to
build a bunch of links to defend and
then run across the map and that kind of
sucked
me so that's when I through and then I
also grabbed all of well I think
actually one that did i win that I don't
remember which 1i one but i did
something silly ya know i think i lost
that one and then i did one where I just
probe rushed well SUV rushed or just
grabbed what my SUVs went across and
obviously drones win so he won that and
I was pretty much just wanting to level
the playing field because at that point
it was 22 and then at the last game we
went for a base treated like the most
crazy bass trade so this is a really
really it was like an intense best of
five at the end i got on skype call him
and I was like okay you wanna let's go
so um I'm gonna go rock climbing with
this guy whenever we figure it out for
our schedules because he won fair and
square and even if he didn't win I was
planning on going anyway because he made
the most amazing thing for me I've never
seen anyone make anything nearly as
awesome as he made for me so the kinky
and if you guys want to check it out you
can go to debby debby debby dot marry me
tara babcock calm and i watched the
little video and stuff his name's
tristan and he's not 12 and he's not a
creep so it's pretty cool and so like
i'm gonna screw him or anything honestly
i just kind of I think it's cool to do
something like that for the community
for people who you know like really
support me and do cool things for me
like why not give back to them right so
i streamed that and it was awesome i'm
gonna upload the games don't worry to my
gaming channel which is if you guys
don't already know which probably most
of you do because you probably came from
that channel to subscribe here it is
youtube.com slash muddle tara babcock
and it is that because when i made my
youtube channel i thought i was going to
be it was going to be all about modeling
and just like modeling behind the scenes
and then i also realize that someone
took / tara babcock and now they don't
have it but i can't switch it so fucking
stupid drives me crazy don't get me
started on that so the next thing i did
was i did some more mario let's play and
i had about seven hundred viewers for
that which was pretty cool i like it
when I I can translate all the viewers
over to like a retro game and then they
stay cuz it's like cool retro game and
then they watch me play and I told a
couple stories it was a really fun
stream you guys should check out the
vods on twitch.tv / tara babcock or wait
until they're up on youtube which might
take an extra a couple days it's pretty
cool that like for live streams people
get the benefit of watching live and
then they get
see all the content earlier and then
most of that content will be streamlined
into highlights that go up on my site as
well as the stuff that you don't get to
see on on stream which is stuff like you
know losing my virginity that's never on
stream I do that off stream always and
what else um I got this notice on my
apartment that's like um you have to
always have your water dripping and and
you have to what else was it you have to
run only a stream as thick as a pencil
because they don't want the pipes to
burst because of the sub sub fucking
zero temperatures this week and stuff
and I'm like I'm not gonna do that and
they're saying if you leave the house
you have to keep the heat on if you
can't turn it all the way off and if
you're not in town they have the right
to come into your house and do it for
you now does that sound normal to you
guys I mean this is a brand new
apartment complex it's only been here
for like two years maybe three years now
and I don't think that seems like
something that's legit I feel like
they're just trying to like milk us for
our water and heating bill to be honest
like that's like the weirdest thing ever
seen is like a little notice that we got
our mailbox it's like we don't want our
pipes to burst so ya know what else is
new magic magic magic we're fixing my
Garrick deck to be a tricolor deck which
I've always wanted to have because I
don't feel like a noob and oh I have an
announcement for you guys i am going to
be selling those full-length Tara
pillows and I'll do a whole video on
that so I'm gonna keep this announcement
brief but if you guys like the idea of
having a full length of me in my Atari
outfit with my red hair one side is a
little bit more naked the other side is
more covered up and has the Atari thing
on it let me know down in the comments
if you think that's cool something you
might get as a present for this
Christmas or whatever something you
might want to have I don't know I'm
working with this company with that and
if you guys want to hang out with me any
of you who are in vancouver bc i will be
there from the 24th to the 26th add one
of the convention centers you guys can
look it up for the Magic the Gathering
Grand Prix there which is going to be
fucking cool so january 24 to 26 I'll be
hanging out around there and the hotel
and around the venue and I'll be
watching pros play magic the gathering
as well as some of my
I pretty much everyone from friday night
magic is going to be going so yeah I
also need to do the next sexy story time
I have that halfway written but I
haven't unrecorded or anything yet so I
should probably go because i'm making
pizza and trying to clean the house
before my roommate comes um my roommate
comes oh yeah um but yeah I miss you
guys and expect some our TVs and expect
some sexy story time soon as well as a
lot of new gaming content on my other
channel I was gonna play outlast but I
wanted to after um after sonic sonic oh
the fuck after Mario I wanted to switch
to League to see if I would get a little
league viewers I still can't get leave
yours it's like I'm more entertaining
the most streamers or 8 i'm assuming i
mean the league streams I've watched I
definitely mortar taken them maybe I'm
just overconfident but um I think it's
because I don't play ranked enough and
the fact that I don't play ranked means
I eat I don't even know if I'm ranked or
if I'm bronze or what's going on because
I like barely play it but I'm gonna
start playing it more so for those of
you who want to watch me play league
I'll be doing that I'm a pretty badass
Veigar in a remand in ranked so yeah we
willing ranked 5 which is pretty cool
but and we're winning like every game
because half of us are like really good
and I'm decent and we just don't deserve
to be in bronze but we were placed there
because we were just playing with random
people and you know but yeah guys
wow the heart i will be
