hey guys and welcome to our TV number
whatever it is whatever it says in the
title I am going to do something cool
today you guys have been asking for two
things one a computer and gaming setup
tour and two a fucking house tour so
since I spent all day cleaning the house
and realized I had no time to do any
other kind of video including the other
RCD I was gonna do let's do a house tour
how does that sound
um yeah let's go start in the living
room let's go okay so here I am in the
living room this is one of the chairs we
have what is this oh it's my roommates
boxers little tiny sexy boxers um this
is just a chair that we don't really use
much so I have my coin block and my
chain chomp on there over here I have
all of my magic stuff laid out here
because you know that's what I was
working on recently it's putting all the
magic stuff in the binders and then the
Diablo books this is a couch it's all
microfiber so yeah it's comfy and
there's the controller we use to play
binding of issac and other things steam
games and other stuff on the TV here I
have big balcony doors in these balcony
doors I don't know if you can tell are
like 3 feet taller than me it's pretty
cool there's nothing here on this wall
which sucks I was gonna put one of my
posters on the wall and I think I was
gonna do the Atari one with all the
Atari pictures and stuff like that so
wait 2 seconds while you visualize that
there because this is a big blank wall
that looks way worse on the camera than
it does in real life here is the normal
hangout
gaming TV console area as you can see I
have my old laptop plugged into the HDMI
into the TV so I can play TV shows watch
porn you know play music obviously I was
just cleaning the house so I was playing
music from the TV as well we got a like
a an extra little speaker here to do so
and here are a bunch of games I'm sure
you're familiar with this area because I
do a lot of videos like right here BAM
right there like that
now collector's editions behind here
controller charger thing the Xbox is
back there I hardly ever play xbox a
bunch of other game consoles that I'm
not
right now because I'm gonna do one
that's dedicated to my gaming setup and
this is one of my gaming setups there's
that 57 Chevy I told you guys about that
I absolutely loves my favorite car of
all time if I have that car I would just
die this is a panda bean bag that I use
to put right here so I sit right there
and my roommate sits in the couch and we
play magic on this ottoman right here
which is pretty cool
here's more magic stuff right there and
let's go on to the kitchen because
that's where I spend most of my time now
as you can see my house is kind of
mostly dimly lit and that's because I
have dimmers on all the switches and I
absolutely hate it when it's super break
so I like turning it down and making it
nice here have a double a double sink
and this is where I keep all of the
extra plastic bags kind of dark in here
but I absolutely hate the light that's
here in the kitchen because it's like
you know have you ever seen that Family
Guy episode where they talked about how
dirty hotel rooms are and then it's like
you turn on the the blacklight and
there's a bunch of like animals like
farm animals and stuff that's how I feel
this light is but I'll turn on anyway
yeah so there is the kitchen as you can
see with the crazy farm animal light on
I have a rice cooker the whole like a
living room and kitchen area is black
and red schemes and a little bit of
stainless steel I like stainless steel a
lot as well there's my floor and my
garbage can um over here I have my
suitcase it's just like thrown on the
floor because I will go traveling often
and it's just like sitting there I need
to put it away because it looks stupid
in here I have like a bunch of board
games and all of the boxes for from like
building my computers so I have like my
video card stuff over here you can see
my green screen here let me I don't know
one of these okay so I have this track
lighting up here which I love I love
chocolaty but one of them is actually
broken so it kind of looks not as even
that's where I keep all of my camera
equipment so I can film things and what
I do for a Tara
Terra talks yeah ferredoxin anything you
do for zooming games is here's the green
screen and then I will sit right here
and there would be lights positioned
over here these lights
there's J is magic Matt you just stuck
over here because it was in the way of
me cleaning and then I have two
floodlights so they use to light the
backdrop which is cool this is where we
hang all of our clothes or not clothes
this is where we hang all of our what is
it called
yeah coats I guess outerwear so there's
a couple of my coats my purses my
umbrellas and that's the travel case for
all of the lighting that I have the
professional lighting and down here I
have little baskets of shoes these are
actually kind of really cute this thing
I thought there's an angry bird and I
believe that is a Kingston HyperX dude
and then I have a Dungeons and Dragons
chick up there
she's like made of paper here are all of
our shoes which are on the line for that
the shoes that I wear like some
odd-looking things that aren't made of
real animals and here is the pucks that
I just got my son Heiser headset in so
also I have this poster up right here
which is pretty cool and this poster
right here this is actually all my idea
I'd had the concept I did the editing I
did the makeup and I did pretty much
everything other than the actual
photography so I'm kind of proud of this
image here's where I throw all of my
dirty clothes and oh you can go into the
bathroom the bathroom is one of my
favorites because I'll let me turn the
light everything is bin bleed all do um
I really like this mirror it's like
really big and it's got the cool lights
and then right here I really like the
bamboo and stainless steel contrast and
our bathroom is actually kind of big so
it's cool it's nice here we have all of
the muscular development magazines and
this is my favorite piece of furniture
in this house because I actually put it
together in myself it's from Ikea and I
got a bunch of white towels so if we
want to have one different title each
day that's cool there's a wicker basket
with all the
that's where the towel sits and I have
this of myself as well so another poster
which is pretty cool and then there's
Diablo hahaha he's so evil and yeah
that's toilet and another stainless
steel thingy mom so I'm not gonna show
you guys very much of the bedroom
because I am doing laundry and it's kind
of messy but there's another balcony
right here that's just as big as the
balcony in the living room and I have a
bunch of stuffed animals which is
awesome and a or which is my favorite
stuffed animal of all time
check out this pillowcase that's a
pillowcase I was telling you guys about
it's a full body pillowcase with me on
it and on the other side I'm like more
naked which is cool and I have my big
moose so before I show you my closet I'm
going to warn you that it's incredibly
messy oh I also have my um these are all
of the events that I've gone to like all
of the badges for them so there's a lot
of them and then okay and here are all
my sweaters Hollister sweater the
sweater Toby gave me the Tobuscus
sweater my Mario sweater and then some
other sweaters I hung up there and into
the closets oh my god it's a fucking
mess so I made that teddy bear and
they're over there you can't see it it's
like another blanket made of the same
material and I made that for my roommate
so I'm kind of odd see here are all my
sweaters and all the things you hang up
I kind of just throw things everywhere
so here like my jeans and my jean shorts
and some more sweaters and some workout
clothes some bras sports bras the top
the top rack is my favorite shirts then
I have sweats and other things and my
less favorite I guess you'd say few
shirts and then the bottom is my like
gaming shirts that I have a lot a lot of
gaming shirts and this is all my
roommates clothing and over there mostly
my roommates clothing and different
shoes and things like that and down here
there you can't really see it but
there's like three or four suitcases
full of just like modeling clothes that
are stuck behind there
ah let's leave and yes I did want a
three-bedroom my apartment is kind of
small as if only about 1200 square feet
but it's cozy and I don't have to clean
two bathrooms that was one of the things
that's the only bigger apartment that I
could have gotten was a to a two-bedroom
two-bath there's no three bedrooms so I
was like whatever so you know they're
gonna hate me but I'm not going to show
you very much of this room because as I
told you before I'm gonna do a setup
video but this is where we do all of
these stuff this is my setup this is my
roommate set up and he usually has a
another fucking laptop here and a laptop
over there so he has like four screens
and here's mine I actually the square
monitor that he just randomly set up
because I didn't want a second monitor
because like do it and I'm like okay
whatever and then here is where I do my
makeup as I've showed you guys before
and you can turn on this light and its
got like vanity lighting here and
everything is pretty cute but um a
little pink garbage everything is really
pinky here and on here you can see let
me turn this off no no it's too dark but
you can see that I put a bunch of things
under here right here is kind of like
motivation to you know stay fit lose
weight whatever here is a picture of me
next to a warthog at hallo warthog from
e3 two years ago and then here is some
like ways you can contour your face
different eyeshadows the different
brushes that I have since Tara Babcock
Terri Balcom got Mastodon Kidrobot jinx
some of my friends business cards in
here I'm a kissy lip that I did here's a
business card that I've tug for a friend
of mine made with me on it over here is
a tablecloth you can't really see it at
all see you again see it which I
honestly yeah okay this is a tablecloth
with Tara babbler comb on it Forex trade
shows and I'm probably to use for a
table for
magic the gathering I'm gonna get stable
here and then this on the door
do not disturb I'm gaming and this is
for the gaming room so yeah this is
where my washer and dryer are they're
stacked on top of each other and I'm
really really crazy when it comes to
cleaning so it's kind of nice that I
have a smaller apartment because I'm
allowed to keep it really immaculate
without spending all day I'm like today
I usually don't spend all day here are
our alien-looking barstools for the
breakfast bar here and let's see what
else is in the kitchen here is my fridge
the fridge has pretty much just health
food in it and like health drinks egg
whites stuff like that it's not too
interesting and the freezer has just
lots of frozen fake meats and dinners
from Amy's which are all vegetarian
that's pretty much it on here
I don't know if you can see it but it is
a pair of shorts that I wanted to fit
into I already fit into them I should
put the size zeroes up here that would
be cool this I got from loot crate this
I got from my mug over here which is a
work pipe and this is all tea stuff so
there's two different teas these are
like 200 bucks from Teavana and my tea
kettle and this is a German rock sugar
which is really really good this is cute
it's a little tamer and I'll show you so
that a ladybug timer I don't really use
it because there's a timer on the
microwave yeah and I made this for my
roommate when I was leaving because I
left some food in there and I called him
panda so yeah there you go this is what
it looks like from over here in the
kitchen pretty standard and even though
this is kind of a small apartment
it is super expensive like especially
relative to how big the apartment is
yeah I hope you enjoyed this house tour
I will soon do my gaming setup tour
and yeah oh don't give me being creepy
bye goes
well
