hey guys check out my pillow it's like a
full-length pillow body pillow you can
cuddle with how fucking awesome is that
okay I'm gonna lay here cuz that looks
better look how cool it is I love it
it's like I don't know if I can make
that face right now but yeah um I just
cleaned the shit out of my house and I
didn't have time to upload any or not
upload I'll always upload but I don't
have time to make any new content today
other than I did a house tour of my
house which is pretty cool I'm still
doing laundry and stuff so it's a little
bit messy still but I think it's kind of
interesting for you guys I know you guys
have been asking for a room tour and a
house tour and a gaming set of tour for
a long time so the gaming and computer
and living room setup tour gonna be
separate from the house tour whereas in
the house tour I just kind of went
quickly over my setup for gaming and
stuff like that ah I'm so exhausted
though my back hurts like crazy every
time I clean the house my back starts
hurting like fuck and I still have to
fold all laundry which is like hell on
my back I said on the floor basically
and I hang up like half the stuff that
needs to be hung up and then I fold the
rest and put it over in my closets which
is right there and oh look it's cathode
oh yeah that's Cthulhu um yeah what's up
guys I don't I don't really know what to
talk about I've just been fucking
cleaning all day my skin has been shit
lately I fucking hate it oh I hate when
I have to work in sealer because it
feels so heavy on my face but like
lately I've been like I think you can
see right here I don't know I've got
like a bumpy there just like oh my skin
is awful I hate it um here's your eye
take er everywhere with me if I travel
alone because my roommate bought this
for me and I feel like he comes with me
if your comes so um yeah that's why I
take your and you can actually buy these
for the holiday season I will put the
link in the description once I figure
out where you can buy them
I think he'll be able to buy them on my
site as well as the site of the the
printing company that does them oh my
god I had a mini pizza today that was
really good - it was like a health food
veggie pizza type thing cheese only but
the cheese wasn't real it tastes so good
and you know when pizza has an excess of
tomato sauce because I really don't like
tomato sauce which is funny because I
can drink ketchup I just can't stand
tomato sauce I don't know why it's so
weird so like to me it's totally
different than tomato sauce that they
put on pizza compared to like ketchup
ketchup just seems so much better um
what else is new I cannot wait to go to
magic on Thursday I'll be going to learn
commander a friend from magic actually
bought my roommate and I commander decks
so I'm really really excited to go play
that he's awesome and I've met a lot of
cool people there I know this guy Chris
and the by the BLAP
the guy who bought us the commander
decks his name is Steve he's awesome
like really awesome he's so sweet to me
makes me feel happy all the times like
stop being so sweet to me but um
everyone is sweet to me lately I think
I'm starting to be a nicer person or
something to other people I don't know
so everybody used to hate it like how
rude I would beat other people basically
just because I don't I don't have I
don't feel like I have a reason to give
respect to people I don't know so like
it takes a couple times of meeting
someone and like assessing them and
seeing if I actually can click with them
before I give them my full respect if
that makes any sense it's like a lot of
people feel like you should be just like
as respectful to your you know friends
as you are to strangers and I don't
really subscribe to that notion I don't
know maybe it might make me feel a bad
person but I think it's easier for me to
be nice to people when I know that they
share similar interests to me so when I
go to magic everyone everyone that's
nice to me I'm really nice to them but
there's a few people in magic who seem
to not like me and I've actually heard
talk of people kind of saying like oh we
hate that pretty girls get everything
handed to that
and you know everyone just gives her
attention it's like I don't know people
give me attention because of the way I
look and because of how open and loud
and fun I am I mean like I include
everyone into like the conversation and
stuff and I think that's what's
important
my oh another thing that's really
awesome my my vlog channel has surpassed
8k subscribers so thank you so much guys
wrap I never thought that me just
talking into a camera like an idiot
would get almost as many views per
videos as might like gaming content
that's amazing to me and crazy and at
the same time it kind of makes me sad
because it shows that you guys really
are more interested in the titties than
you are in the gaming which makes me
kind of sad but at least when I can
combine titties and gaming and I still
get views than whatever fuck it I'm
happy I'm glad that I can do this as a
hobby and it's a lot of fucking work and
a lot of editing and a lot of like I'm
starting to write scripts for the our
TVs so I don't miss anything out because
my first couple are TV's it was just
like rambling kind of like this where
I'm rambling right now and there's no
like coherent cohesive thought process
going on I'm just kind of like jumping
from idea to idea and I know a lot of
you like that but I feel like when I'm
trying to convey a message intelligently
like let's say why I don't have a
boyfriend why I'm not going for marriage
and stuff like that give the RVT type
stuff I want it to be more fluent and
coherent so hopefully that doesn't
bother you guys too much that I cut in
those videos and other things like that
but it shouldn't be too bad I'm just
enjoying sitting here talking and I'm
liking the lighting I don't look too bad
I got the lines from the light coming
from this way and I got the lines here
and stuff but it looks pretty good I
think I found a nice little angle and
look there it is again there's oh my god
it's me looks so funny with the shadows
on my face there that now there's like
less shadows um I just I can't wait for
magic that's basically all I'm saying so
Thursday I'm gonna learn commander and
Friday is gonna be another Friday night
magic I fixed my mill deck so my mill
deck is gonna have more removal and more
um counters so I shouldn't have any
problems and I might actually be able to
win things because my problem last week
was I I won four total games for
individual games one set so I beat the
first guy to one and then the next one I
think was uh Oh two for me
and then the last of that was one two
and one two I believe it was yeah I beat
my friend Chris and I beat my friend
Brandon was funny because I got matched
up against all of my friends and stuff
they're the people that I actually knew
well um but the problems that I was
having was if I didn't find if I didn't
get the white of precinct six which
scales with how many creatures are in my
opponents graveyard then I ended up not
having enough on the battlefield in
order to survive
so instead of putting more creatures in
I decided to put removals and counters
so if you put something down I don't
like or if uses a spell I don't like I
can put that on the stack and I can
remove it and negate it and stuff so I
put dissolve and then there is another
psychic strike I think actually Mills
the opponent while it counters a spell
and there's something else Oh doom blade
I've doom blade which kills a non-black
creature um I want to get heroes
downfall cuz hero's downfall actually
removes Planeswalkers and creatures and
it doesn't have that color disability
and I finally have a fifteen card
sidebar died had a sideboard last time
but it was just basically like shit that
I just threw in there like literally I'd
had no focus and only so I had boarded
once in the last F&M and most of you who
don't know anything about magic have
probably been lost and confused for the
last few minutes but I should go because
it's been eight minutes do you guys you
guys enjoy off my fucking laundry
machine finally stops oh it's not as
loud and then I'm gonna stop the vlog oh
well I feel like sometimes my vlogs are
stupid and pointless and I'm wasting you
guys this time with them let me know in
the comments how much that's true I'm
gonna go bye guys
ha ha ha dad I will
