I like how doing this makes the estus
flasks like make noise so who cares why
not do your own thing and let them say
what they want hey guys welcome to this
week's episode of Friday night mail I
love you guys I'm all Pikachu doubt I'm
actually wearing the watch that I used
to wear when I was like eight or nine
years old
it's a Pikachu watch and it died at
exactly 324 and 45 seconds I don't know
a more p.m. and I don't even know if
this would work if I put a new battery
in it but quite worn my favorite watch
from when I was a kid I actually used to
collect these watches that had like the
velcro or the elastic so fucking cute
I had Disney ones like Lion King and
some Minnie and Mickey ones and I also
had my absolute favorite the Pikachu one
let's show you up close with Vlad what
it looks like very cute right I feel
like a kid again
it even fits on the same Bend that it
used to fit when I was a kid alright
guys so the winner of this week's
giveaway is ladarius another Darius you
guys but with two R's this time
congratulations ladarius you still need
to answer my email so if your name is
ladarius please check your email and get
back to me so I can send you over that
$25 Amazon gift card I know right such a
great prize if any of you guys want to
sign up for this week's giveaway link as
always in the top of the description
right next to the words F&M giveaway
exclamation point otherwise let's just
get into the viewer questions today
question number one is from Michael
Corso and he says Tara do you like
sports specifically football regardless
any sports in general if so which ones I
am NOT a fan of American football my
parents kind of ruined every Sunday
morning waking me up way too early by
screaming for the Seahawks or whatever
team they were rooting for my parents
are very vocal so I would be sleeping
and I would wake up to the sound of
announcers and loud TV and my mom going
yes and it was literally the single most
annoying thing in my entire life it kind
of made me have a certain disdain for
sunday because sunday was the day before
I had to go back to school so I couldn't
stay up late and then I also had to wake
up early to my parents screaming about
football so yeah as far as sports go I'm
more of an eSports type of person but
I'm also really interested in
bodybuilding male bodybuilding
specifically that's why I went to the
Olympia and I've been to the Arnold a
few times the New York Pro
I also really like women's fitness too
because they have these really really
cool routines they dress up in cute
little outfits and they show off their
physique doing different dance moves
stretches flexes things like that and of
course bikini competitions because who
doesn't like chicks in bikinis hope that
answers your question a question for the
woman who made me see I'm not as insane
as I thought I was if you could be any
female from either DC or marvel universe
who would you be and why I would pick
the crazy Harley Quinn I love you very
much thank you I'm Jones I love you too
I would definitely be Harley Quinn I
think it fits my personality the most
but I also think I would make a good
marvel's enchantress I look kind of like
her or maybe like black cats yeah I
definitely think I would be Harley Quinn
romancing and falling in love what are
you doing can't open my packages
Romancing and falling in love with a
psychopath totally sounds like me being
a psychologist or a psychiatrist like
she was in the first place then
converting over for some handsome
bad-boy I could see myself doing that
also blonde also extremely overtly
sexual harley is just me in a nutshell
but I'm in real life so I can't be
murdering unfortunately and the last
question from Giano games 29:10 he says
question Game of Thrones or Lord of the
Rings okay so I like them both but
definitely definitely Lord the Rings
I have the full Lord of the Rings
trilogy and the full Hobbit trilogy on
blu-ray J actually got it for me for my
birthday but the initial Lord of the
Rings trilogy is pretty good that's not
to say that I don't like Game of Thrones
I'm personally not caught up so please
no spoilers
we're like one season out from
completing the entire series and I
really just want to wait until all
that's out to pick up where I left off
or actually I think I'm gonna start all
the way over and you guys probably won't
see me online for like two weeks while I
watch the entire thing from start to
finish
I don't watch each episode as they come
out I definitely don't do that a whole
season at least has to be out for me to
start delving into it so Jay and I are
waiting basically until Game of Thrones
next year completes the entire series I
think it's next year right I feel like
people who watch things like Game of
Thrones episode 2 episode they're
definitely fucking masochists I don't
know how you can do that but if you have
any questions anything at all feel free
to ask in the comment section also I
want to let you guys know I am doing my
300k celebration videos really soon and
those are gonna be so much fun I'm doing
that question
dare where you put both a question and a
dare and I choose which one I'll post
the link to that video down in the
description but it's two videos ago also
I want to let you guys know that Jay has
started his YouTube if you want to go
subscribe I'll post that in the
description too he uploaded his first
video it's a shoulder and biceps day
that I recorded and edited with some
badass music on top of it so if you want
to see how he works out what he does for
his shoulder and bicep stay
maybe he'll add some League of Legends
highlights and stuff to his youtube down
the line as well I'm not sure but I
would appreciate it personally if you
went and supported him on twitch or
YouTube all of those links will be in
the description thank you for supporting
my best friends he makes good content
alright alright first thing we have is
from Katy dude earlier today I cut
myself with this and now I just like
poked where I cut myself
I hate these packages because if you cut
into them they actually have like a
bunch of weird like fluff inside of them
it's like cardboard fluff she tried to
jump up on the thing that's holding my
monitor
oh my god oh my god okay this is for my
birthday from Roberto thank you so much
for your purchase enjoy the bonus dual
estes charm praise the Sun Katy I'm
excited so we've got an Estus flask
which I am so in love with oh my god oh
can I just put it over my head I can't
I'll link her Etsy store in the
description for you guys if you want to
pick up your own Estus flasks i got an
ashen Estus flask too oh yes Estes Oh
here's the double estes charm this is so
cute I want to put it on my phone or
something on Vlad so fucking cute so
fucking cute and then we've got our
Ashton Estus flask yes this is like
really badass I love it guys I feel like
I just got to Estes shards and I am so
ready to stream today so cute good boy
rubber tongue I love that I can tell
rubber telling exactly what I want for
my birthday and he's just like yes
mistress who is knocking on our door I
don't know hi Terry here is one of the
best games in my opinion on the ps3 ever
hopefully you have tons of fun playing
it on and outside of stream from Heike
it's cold here in Finland oh Red Dead
Redemption that's right he told me he
was gonna get it and I like totally
brain farted until I just got it this is
totally the game of the year edition -
this is awesome includes Red Dead
Redemption undead nightmare and
multiplayer the latter of which I'm
probably not gonna partake in but still
holy crap I asked you guys to tell me
what ps3 games I should play one being
lollipop chainsaw and then also read the
redemption I have a capture card now and
since I'm starting with Demon Souls
I thought the ps3 and ps3 games that I
could never play on stream because they
weren't on PC as well would be a fucking
great addition to the stream thank you
so much I know I'm gonna have a lot of
fun Heike you're a badass we've got an
Amazon box and then a box from my girl
Diana which I am super excited about oh
it's from Donald
hi Tara thanks Jay isn't man enough to
put a ring on it
I will I paid good money for this so you
better say yes now we can get married
and have babies like you always wanted
love Donald's so we've got a little
baggie and then oh my god it's like
cubic zirconia oh my god Donald
yes I got a rock I get a rock guy is
that Donald they love you
mega mega mega oh man shit is good oh
look at this kidney you don't fit in
that box what are you doing little bat
cat you don't fit in that tiny box do
you still think you're a baby she's so
cute what are you doing she's so shiny
Oh eating plastic it'll kill you what no
don't play with my Estes blasts I think
you've just wasted my Estus flasks
alright alright let's get in here I'm so
excited I know I know
Diana's talent to this fuckin I hope she
made me something sorry
oh I'm so excited though okay so the
first thing I don't know what it is I
didn't even know she was gonna do this
we've got pumpkin decorating kits and an
Eve novelty notebook this is so Eve I
can't
what the okay stay so the kit comes with
jewel eyes and glitter felt mask of felt
nose to felt whiskers a faux fur tail
and fuzzy glitter ears oh yes oh oh Tori
sama look at those murderous eyes I'll
have to add him behind my stream and
then we also got the owl with the big
feet I never thought I would get so
these are called tattle toes it's like a
whole set of really cute stuffed animals
with big-ass feet it's adorable Thank
You Diana you're fucking amazing I love
you girl I missed you too I only get to
see you like in the mornings or a night
before you go to bed for a little bit oh
there's a note there's a note it's got a
hard-on it hurts okay what is this hi
Tara I got you two things from your wish
list
and two little things I saw while I was
shopping at Target I love you J and
little Eve meow love Diana B PS go
pumpkin picking and vlog it okay so
there's this really cool little festival
area for kids with like a ring toss and
a ton of pumpkins and like you can
decorate pumpkins there and stuff and
I'm actually thinking about going every
time I go down to the gym I'm looking at
it and I'm like this isn't for kids my
age kids my age this isn't for people my
age I shouldn't be doing this I
shouldn't be wanting to do this but I
totally want to do it when I get a
pumpkin I always feel really bad that it
like gets gross and dies and then I have
to throw it away and I don't like
throwing things away so I might get like
a fake pumpkin and do this I may go fake
pumpkin picking Eve you've really loves
crinkly paper she loves it so much what
are you doing
wait you know as this West for you
so cute
yeah
you don't like being covered in the
paper all right that's a good thumbnail
I'm totally gonna say I'm engaged in the
thumbnail for a little bit of clickbait
and then I think we should show off
these leopard printed leggings that I'm
wearing because I feel like there's a
staunch lack of sexiness in this video I
feel like I haven't gotten a cool pair
of leggings or like a hot pair of shorts
in a while even though I might wish list
I do have a full spectrum of colors of
like cable knit leggings so if you guys
want me to try on leggings and stuff you
know where to go but before I do so I
want to say thank you so much to
everyone who sent me anything
check out Jays links in the description
and sign up for the giveaway and ask me
questions I love you guys so fucking
much sign up for the 300k video patrons
if you support me on patreon you do get
to send in your picture for the patron
only Smasher pass which is gonna be so
much fun and hopefully not the thing
that creates the most butthurt in the
entire world I love you guys I
appreciate everything about you guys I
hope you guys have a wonderful Friday
night and weekend and don't forget to
pika all over my choo found another box
are you ever monogamous with one box
what love you guys and I'll see you next
week with another Friday night mail
I like how doing this makes the estus
flasks like make noise oh these are so
cool
