hey guys this is gonna be kind of a
heavy vlog it's gonna be a lot of topics
in here I haven't done a vlog for like
two or three days because basically I've
been busy but not so much busy with the
stuff that I should be doing more busy
with playing league of legends with
friends or something like that or
Starcraft and sleeping when I should be
awake and this is because I am having
the sickest case of insomnia ever when
I'm supposed to be sleeping my sleep
schedules all fucked up on the weekend
after friday night magic we stayed up
until like eight am and then we went to
bed and woke up at like three and we had
to go do things oh no it's actually
thursday night before friday night magic
so for friday night magic i had to get
up at noon which sucked so I had like
three hours of sleep and then I was
gonna go do something on saturday but I
decided not to says so tired and slept
in till like three so my sleep schedule
is fucked up and for the last month and
a half I think I've told you a lot about
this I haven't been able to sleep at all
through the night like I wake up like 10
times and I thought it was because of
that dream job that I was going to go do
I was nervous about it and I didn't feel
like I would do a good job but then when
that was resolved and I ended up not
going I was still having the problem and
i still am so today i slept like half
the day and now i'm going to be playing
some super meat boy for losing my
virginity finally i'm really excited
about it because it's the same creator
as its Edward McMullen I think his name
is Edward McMillan it's the same creator
as a fucking The Binding of Isaac which
is one of my favorite view games of all
time right now like it's fucking amazing
we play it me and my roommate play like
every day I roommates into I but yeah so
I definitely an inlet I'm in love with
his games and I'm also looking forward
to the new one that gets coming out like
em eugenics or something it's called it
looks so cute with a bunch of little
kitty cats that look like um guppy from
binding of isaac so I'm excited about
that and I'm also excited to see how
good I am or how bad I am at Super Meat
Boy you believe I haven't played it yet
but anyway um so other than that I've
just been kind of sleeping as you can
tell like I don't know if you can tell
with the light on here but I i just
looked tired and I am tired I'm still
fucking tired and I'm
supposed to go to bed bed in like three
hours and I don't know how I'm going to
do that because I pretty much just woke
up but I'm assuming I'll sleep again
until 3am and then be up for three hours
on my phone laying in bed just like
typing to people it sucks cuz I'll lay
in bed and I can't sleep so I'm like
when might as well play with my phone
but playing with my phone is
counterproductive to actually trying to
fall asleep so it's like if I could have
eventually falling asleep the phone is
the thing that's keeping me up and like
ruining my life which sucks you know
sounds like a dilemma and then if I end
up laying there for three hours
literally not doing anything I'm like
why could have gotten up and you know
done some videos or been productive or
written something or made a script for
the next to our TV you know and it
pisses me off so it's stressful and I
think I need to like it by some sleeping
pills which is so stupid because I also
have caffeine pills so I feel like I'm
you know medicating like self-medicating
way too much so I don't know if you guys
have any suggestions like it seems like
no matter what kind of schedule i have
my schedules fucked up if i've stayed up
for 24 hours which I did the day before
I still can't get a whole night's sleep
i went to bed at 12 after being up for
28 hours and i woke up at 3am what the
hell it's like it's a certain timing in
my brain that won't allow me to sleep
any longer than like three or four hours
just driving me crazy the next topic i
kinda good I don't want to tell you
about but I promised you guys I would be
a hundred percent honest with my life
and tell you guys everything but I think
some of you who think more traditionally
and follow a more traditional lifestyle
especially when it comes to
relationships are probably going to hate
me but I may or may not want to have sex
with a married man and not like not like
oh one of my bucket list things is to
have sex with any random married Matt no
it's like a guy that I I have strong
attraction to and I don't know why
either but I have a strong strong
attraction to him and then I found out
he has married I'm like fuck but um
here's how I'm gonna handle this I do
want to tell him but I I'm not telling
him because I feel like it could go one
of two ways the first way is that like
he's just like oh okay and he's cool
with it and he's like that's hot and
then we had this like hot sexual tension
between each other which is basically
what I want because I enjoy that I you
know how I get
questions and I enjoy having the
crutches and the chase is fun and all
that um and yeah and then the second
good outcome would be if he's down for
it and then I am I to hold up a promise
that I didn't make you know it's hard
for me to like okay I imagine some wife
and then let's say she found out and I
imagine her being sad but it's like
really hard to feel sympathetic for
someone who is caging her husband based
on jealousy and old traditions and
saying that you can't have sex with
other people and that has to do with
love because in my opinion you're going
to have desires to have sex with other
people while you're married it's just
how you work biologically it's a desire
just like eating that has nothing to do
with anything and in my opinion if some
one desires to do something and they're
not acting upon it it's almost like
they're lying to themselves you know and
it's like sure yeah you made a promise
to your wife you're not going to do this
and that's the part that's fucked up the
lying part lying about the fact that
like yes forever I am always yours and I
will never think about anyone else or
you know have sex with anyone else and I
understand that it's much better to not
break promises but for me when I think
of a sad wife who got cheated on I think
of a woman who probably didn't sexually
satisfy her man and then keeps him in a
cage based on like who he can and can't
talk to or have relationships and with
and like he's not happy you know
sexually so it's like it's really hard
for me too oh it's like you know you
should if it's your friend you should
definitely care about your friend's
feelings even if you feel like they're
irrational because you care and respect
about that person because of the things
you guys have gone through together but
when you don't know the person and you
feel like they're acting illogically and
you feel like they're almost you know
like it's their fault almost it's like
hard I do a lot of you who are married
over wanna get married or who have like
the standard morals or like oh my god
Tara is such a fucking slut whore home
record but whatever I'm being honest
here so it's like I would feel bad if I
was in a monogamous relationship and my
boyfriend was like oh my god I really
want to fuck this other girl and he's
thinking about all the time and he has
the opportunity to do it I'm like no you
can't do it because if you have sex with
someone else it means you don't love me
that liked pace totally know
no sense at all to me that's like being
like forever we will have dinner
together and if you ever eat with anyone
else you're fucks mr. things like but I
really want to and I'm not a gun on it's
like well a good job that you have this
self restraint to not but the fact that
you want to do it in the first place you
know I'm sure it's just the same to me
which is why I rationalized it and
realize that it's that's my jealousy
holding someone else back that has
nothing to do with them it's their body
etc so yeah and then the bad outcome
let's get to the bad outcome is I tell
him or he finds out and he like makes it
either completely awkward between us or
he won't talk to me anymore or it's like
he's afraid that I'm gonna act upon it
see like the thing my thinking is here I
want I want him to know that I want him
but I'm not going to pursue it if he's
open to it I'm definitely down for it
but I I enjoy the sexual tension between
us even if it's not actually gonna
happen so yeah and there's my spilling
the beans of the week I've only told one
other person like in my personal life of
only told and that per section knows who
it is but other than that you guys are
privileged the privileged few and I have
a lot of like close friends who don't
watch my vlogs so it's like um they're
probably never gonna know it's my little
secret switch but feel free to let me
know in the comments how fucked up and
delusional i am and how much you hate me
now it's okay to downvote it's just you
know I wish more people understood the
reasoning behind having sexual
attraction to people you know um what
else is going on not much so I'm feeling
unproductive I'm feeling tired and I
totally want a guy standard it's my
standard fucking what is it Monday
standard monday yeah tomorrow i have a
shoot um so i have to actually get up in
the morning like regardless of how i
feel and how much i want to sleep in and
not make videos and stuff I want to
start streaming more i want to start
doing ranked league of legends and i
want to start playing starcraft again
I played a little bit of starcraft
against a friend and I beat him to 0
which was cool that was awesome so I've
still got it in starcraft genre it's
Turkish onra and the starcraft thing oh
I got him so tired my eyes literally
like are having a hard time staying open
Oh help me with my insomnia alright guys
i love you i am going to go play video
games yeah you know but i can stay awake
do
