we look kind with a panda bear it's a
really big panda i was using it cuz okay
look we were playing magic here and had
the magic stuff set up here and then i
was sitting over on the other side on
the panda bear which was really comfy
for a little bit and then I back started
hurting so I'd like bend over backwards
and lay back on the panda bear and it
was like really awesome comfortable a
nice and now I'm like open nemea why are
you so comfy she's gonna sit right here
he was holding my my blazer so some new
things coming to this channel the vlog
channel I'm really excited about and the
gaming channel the game gaming that
can't even talk the gaming channel is
going to have some magic the gathering
videos very soon if not just me talking
about my deck I'm also going to be
playing with my roommate so like trying
out my deck my decks and stuff i'm gonna
have an overhead camera as i talked
about before and then the regular camera
too much to be excited like I'm exciting
on my face and stuff I'm really excited
about that because magic is like my
obsession right now I can't stop
thinking about it which leads me to my
next thing which is kind of related but
kind of not I'm starting a new segment
called sexy story time for my vlog
Channel and it's going to be all about
I'm going to write a short story like an
actual like creative writing short story
based on a sex experience and you guys
have to decide whether or not it's non
fiction fiction or just fantasy of mine
and you get to guess and then the next
episode I'm going to tell you guys this
is going to be really cool and I'm
always going to wear my my fake reading
glasses and I'm going to read from my
zelda / sexy Tara book so it's gonna be
fun and the first one is about an
encounter with someone who plays magic
the gathering because it's all I can
think about right now so might as well
combine the two interests right and I
think it's going to be really
interesting because it's also going to
be an outlet for me sexually because I
sometimes get caught up in like fantasy
type stuff and I'm just like oh I want
to write about that or talk about that
and I have a really overactive
imagination with everything which is why
I'm always thinking about new content
and I actually have this on my iPhone I
have a notepad with like all of the
ideas that I come up with that I
eventually want to write about like our
TVs
and just cool segments that I could do
things that I can't do right now because
I don't have the manpower like actual
skits and stuff I think would be really
cool and maybe even filming like a hole
Magic the Gathering tournament where my
station or something is always the
station that has the camera or something
like that and then it just like my very
own um tournament or something I think
that would be cool to run my own
tournament I always wanted to run my own
Starcraft tournament and I think it
would be cooler to run a magic one
because magic is more of a something you
play in real life and you don't need a
bunch of computers set up or like to
rent a LAN or anything like that you
just need tables you know so I could do
it anywhere and it would be much easier
to do I'm just really excited about that
one thing that's really sad and I'm
really pissed off about it and I haven't
told you guys yet because i'm just so
frustrated as I'm not going to China can
you fucking believe that I'm not going
to get to do my dream job thing which is
ridiculous and you want to know why I
said okay as soon as I learned about the
job position i applied for my my
passport and i was really worried that I
wouldn't get the passport in time
because of the whole United States
government shutdown thing but they were
still doing the passports so I got it on
time and as soon as I got the passport I
sent it off to a passport agency in
order to get my visa so you can send it
off to an agency or you can go to the
embassy on your own but the embassy the
closest one is in san francisco and
that's in California and I'm here in
Seattle so in if I didn't go down to LA
or San Francisco i would have to send
off the passport so that's what I did
and I guess they never called me back to
tell me its hold on me because I my
fuckin phone is full so anyway they
never contacted me to let me know that
they need to know more about my my
profession in order to get the visa so
they're like when I called down there
realizing that I haven't gotten it yet
they were like oh well didn't we give
you a call Mike no you didn't give me a
call about anything so the visa never
came back in time and I couldn't go
stupidest fucking reason in the world
they couldn't do anything else to
expedite it it was just awful for me so
I'm here so no vlogs from China or Korea
no event vlogs for a while at least but
I'm a little bit happy about it because
I get really homesick when I travel I
like to just stay home and I just want
to spend time with my
men play Magic the Gathering looks like
my lot right now I just really want to
do it all the fucking time so I've been
playing a lot um optimized my two decks
that I've been using the most and making
friends from magic which is cool one of
the guys that's their plays League so
we've been playing a little bit of
League which I'm gonna start streaming
again I know everyone's asking you
stream league I got to do that um and
now that i'm home or like not earlier
but now that i'm home at all from china
I can take another specific job modeling
job that I wanted to take that would
give me a bit of extra money so i can
take more time off for gaming yay but uh
things are going okay it's just that's
really frustrating but you always have
to leave a margin for error there and
not get too attached to this the
decisions you make because sometimes
they could fail and then you're stuck at
home and you're like why world why ah I
don't know I felt unprepared to do the
job anyway and I felt like I was not
getting it because I deserved it which
is something that I'm against I mean if
I really feel like I can knock it out of
the park and I have no prior like
credentials or anything that would allow
me to be qualified for it i'll be like
fuck you i'll take it whatever i'll take
use whatever I can to my advantage and
you know just do a good job in like blow
everyone away but with this that's not
the case like I was really worried I
would do a bad job and I was not a hum
percent confident in my abilities so I
don't know yeah it's depressing but at
the same time I'm really excited about
YouTube YouTube has been going really
well you guys didn't like my last video
and I don't know why I actually got a
lot of bad feedback from that and I
think it's the first time I've actually
gotten serious bad feedback from a video
so i guess i'll try to process that and
figure out why that is you guys didn't
like it but the the first sexy Tara Tara
story should already be up with
attendance is up because i'm going to
post this tomorrow it's today night
right now so you guys are gonna when you
guys are seeing it god I'm like Billy
that it's been a long day what do you
guys are seeing it it will have already
been recorded yesterday night yes yes
but yeah thanks for watching me babble
about things about my life and issues
and stressful but new things are coming
and new things are coming new
awesomeness is on the horizon and
everything is wonderful and I'm just
going to be positive about it and you
know maybe something terrible with
having me my plane would have crashed
and you know the higher powers like
erebos god of the underworld and death
is protecting me yeah that's what I'm
gonna think alright I'm going to go play
magic and upload that video for you guys
in like five seconds whoo bye
wha da dard i well made
