hey guys last night while I was trying
to sleep I came up with something really
fun so some of you guys know that when I
was growing up I thought I was gonna be
a writer from first grade I was already
writing plays a short story into my free
time and I still randomly get the urge
to write short stories or I get ideas
for them so I decided to do
Tara's sexy story time so basically what
this is gonna be is it's gonna be like
sex stories but not like really really
smutty ones they're gonna be super tame
because it's YouTube and I feel like
this would be a great creative outlet as
well as a outlet for my libido so what
I'm gonna do is when I feel so inclined
I will write a short story and then I
will read it to you guys and you guys
have to guess this is the fun part
viewer interaction you guys will have to
guess whether the story is nonfiction
meaning it actually happened to me
whether it's fantasy meaning that I
would like it to happen and I've got it
stuck in my head because of my
surroundings or something or if it's
just complete fiction and it's never
gonna happen it never will happen and I
don't even care for it to happen this is
gonna be fun it's totally like a game
and since I am so freakin addicted to
Magic the Gathering right now this is
going to be a magic related one oh and
all of the men are gonna have weird
stereotypical German names like Hans
Klaus or Olaf Olaf might actually be
Swedish so in the case of it being
nonfiction it protects the guy that is
actually the person in the story and it
just sounds so much more badass right
now let me show you my Terra sexy story
book
this is totally published that's how
good of a writer I am not to toot my own
horn dude what's that I don't see any
Zelda Hyrule text on here he's talking
about and of course just to complete the
experience I'm gonna have to wear my
phone reading glasses I look so
librarian so let's jump into the story
shall we
this one is going to be entitled Klaus
the MTG nerd next round of matches have
been posted for the standard tournament
Terra sighed deeply she was already over
3:00 in her first Friday night magic
tournament and the final match was
looming a palmer like a heavy rain cloud
ready to burst and make her look like an
utter new terra terra okay
table 8 she ran her finger foras on
Thalia long the paper on the wall
reluctant to see the name of her
opponent as if she knew those were the
last few seconds before the
disappointment of losing every single
match inevitably set in mend leash
Klaus there
the name that would take the last blow
the 7-foot walk to the table felt like
an eternity to Terra the once
self-assured beautiful blonde was
reduced to a nervous uncoordinated mess
her long platinum hair flowed down her
middle back pouting pursed lips newly
glossed and her supple breasts pressed
together the tops of which popped out of
her lace line tank top she looks good
tonight not unlike any other night but
none of that mattered here what if I
don't own foreign place last remembering
what she jokes about with her friends on
the ride over she shuddered that would
suck sitting down at the table Tara
realized who she was playing against
Klaus was the man she had seen when she
first arrived pushing 6-foot with a
large frame soft brown hair and an
unremarkable and yet not displeasing
face he was utterly average but there
was something about him that made him
different to her the realization of this
fact created a tiny pang and her stomach
like the wings of a butterfly gently
fluttering hey I'm Klaus he said
nonchalantly shuffling his deck I'm
Terra God I have been sucking a lot
today uh in the tournament oh the
innuendos she thought the round begins
now and ends at 10 p.m. there it was the
beginning of the end turn after turner
was becoming increasingly apparent that
there was no victory in sight for the
yellow haired girl despite having decent
card draws her novice built mill deck
was thwarted every attempt defeat was
just a few turns away but despite not
having actually landed any of the tricks
she had in her arsenal Tara found
herself having fun with the worries and
stress of looking like a dumb blonde in
this new community only a far-off notion
now his deck was annoying and his
comments and expressions became more and
more that of conceit as he countered
spell after spell and militant after
another refers okay I've got this Tara
looked at her opponent in the eye only
as a true Pokemon master would before
they threw their most menacing master
bulk prize onto the battlefield I'm
going to tap three and play
claustrophobia on I'm gonna cancel that
he smiles dammit um okay I'll she looks
down at her cards is of thinking only to
get lost on the thought of something
more tempting hmm she scanned the
playing field and glanced up at him able
to steal a quick look at him while his
eyes were timidly fixated on his chest
trying as he was to be discreet he was
pretty transparent she smirks I can see
GG once again Tara had been defeated
although a bit disheartened the game and
the opponent alike were exciting you
suck making me go Oh for my first
tourney
she
near in a flirty manner I'm sorry Klaus
said he was filling out the small slip
of paper indicating who'd won that match
signing it quickly after to steal her
fate player 1 Tara Babcock 2 wins
klausman lish 0 wins what she thought
incredulously a mistake should I say
something you can have that win he
winked oh she exclaimed
nice move now she'll be thinking about
him later on if she wasn't going to
already in the following weeks the newly
developed amorous feeling for the magic
player subsided as the day's grew long
the shooting days even more tiresome in
the next magic night looming near with
her newly constructed green black Garak
deck her thoughts returned to the hunt
she wanted to take home a better prize a
better placing and elevate herself in
the ranks of the fabled Friday night
magically she was after blood and of
course the lamentation of nerds
I was going similarly this week despite
all of the games being losses and a
familiar outcome encroaching Tara was
optimistic this new deck wasn't losing
as easily games were closer and opposing
players were hard-pressed to draw will
or perish - Tara's loyal Garret in his
even more menacing hordes um if I wanted
to play bow Amelia to give childhood
Knight death touch would she leech to
lie for one Tara asked out loud
equally hoping that someone in earshot
would know and no one would think she's
completely inept for the silly question
she would still gain the to life it's
based on replied a familiar voice from
behind her closely behind her Tara
turned quickly and surprised her knee
jerk head turned and placed her face
directly in front of the zipper of his
jeans a short shiver shot through her
body and she could feel the coolness of
the room quickly replace him with a warm
wanting sensation uh thanks she managed
he nodded and she turned and resumed
play only half attentively her mind was
fixated on his body and what she would
do to it but why he wasn't the strong
muscle-bound type with veins like vines
creeping up the side of a wall in each
vascular engorged forearm he was regular
maybe even a little out of shape was it
because he had dominated her in magic no
many had before it had to be the way he
did it she supposed with the remnants of
the tourney coming to a close Tara
half-heartedly turned her attention to
sprawling out her deck and small card
piles intent on deciphering why she
still cannot beat the sea of control and
aggro decks flooding each event if I
replace garrix ward with something more
mana friendly hey the store is closing I
don't mean to bother but said the cute
redhead cashier of the card show
overly coyly oh it's fine I'll close up
when she's done countered Klaus quickly
adding let's see what the problem with
this deck is what's its focus Oh God
um I wanted to leech life than synergize
with that worm Garrick makes it easy to
play a lot of big creatures while
playing small ones of the actual mana
board control + a life game I suppose
well he began pausing to take a look at
the card she had sprawled out on the
table in front of them he sat down next
to her close see this card it doesn't
really have a point in deck because
after about thirty minutes past
consisting of roughly 40% deck
optimization banter and 60% flirty
smiles glances jokes and non awkward
pauses the store was half dark only a
few lights remained on in the area and
all the other players and card store
workers had gone for the night well I
think that's it said Klaus and
decisively I think it should work a lot
better now but try it out next week
thanks so much Terra smiled at this
point she had forgotten about cars
altogether spells instant sorceries
whatever she wanted him bad he paused
and looked at her not making a move to
leave or no he wasn't going to make a
move if she were to take him she'd have
to initiate something soon seduction
mode engaged she thought as she parted
her soft lips and leaned in grabbing the
back of his head and sinking her tongue
deep into his mouth he sighed partly out
of shock but mostly because she had
kissed him hard taking his breath away
this is where it gets good Terra's whole
body tingle Dan 8 she wanted him inside
of her now she pulled her chair closer
to his and ran her left hand of his
jeans to his inner thigh pausing then
going for the now rock-hard Bulge
keeping one hand on the back of his head
the kissing was a bit awkward initially
but the chemistry was strong both of
them wanted it a lot and it showed Terra
took the lead and Klaus just went along
with it his mind raising she was so sexy
so soft
was this actually happening she
unbuckled his belt unzipped his pants
hastily and pulled out his cock
pleasantly surprised with the size and
shape she reached down and slid off her
moist panties from underneath her plaid
skirt I'm totally a schoolgirl miss she
was more than ready to feel him as she
bounced off her chair moving to straddle
him on his cause finally makes his first
move and grabs her hips gently still
paralyzed from the realization what was
going on as she thrusts her hips down
onto him the press skin resists and then
he slips inside of her snugly only a few
bounds and Terra was riding with passion
ready to allow orgasm number
to watch over her the sexual tension had
been building so long and she wanted him
so badly she pulled back and moved down
to rest her knees on the carpet and
wrapped her lips around his cock he
tilted his head back from the pleasure
which gave him the courage and the
testosterone overload to grab her by the
waist hoist her up into a standing
position and rip off the buttoned
cardigan and bra swiftly setting her on
the table in front of the magic card
still a mess all over it he thrusts
inside of her one hand on her hair the
other frantically feeling the entirety
of her curvy naked form from her large
breasts to her tone waist to smooth eyes
all while kissing her so strongly it
hurt wolf came in the most intense
flurry of passion as Tara dug her nails
into his back and laid down backwards to
collect herself before standing up oh my
god that was fun she said turning and
scanning the room then bending over for
her top Hey he said through deep breaths
in the same nonchalant tone as when they
first met yeah you have a sanguine bone
stuck to your butt cheek the end all
right so I hope you guys enjoyed this
let me know in the comments what you
guys think of this segment it's gonna be
like different stories every time that I
just made up from the top of my head I
get these urges to write stories and I
think about it all night and I write it
down in my little notepad on my phone
and it's I'm so glad that I get to share
this with the world because you guys are
really helping me make my pointless
hobbies point fold so thanks and don't
forget you guys's homework is to guess
whether or not this was nonfiction
fantasy or complete fiction
I don't let you guys know which it was
in the next episode I hope you enjoyed
my story and keep in mind I'm really
rusty when it comes to write and I might
have skipped around tenses in this I
think I actually had to when I was
reading it say Tara instead of I because
actually put I somewhere in there and
then I had like past tense and present
tense and I don't know I need to brush
up on my writing but this is helping me
write thumbs up for my first smut like
as it wasn't really smut I tried to keep
the smut as little smutty as possible
bye thanks for watching her knee-jerk
head turn had placed her face directly
in front of the jeans of a zipper the
jeans of his zipper actually wrote that
that's hilarious a short shiver shot a
short shiver shot fuck
ha ha our die well made
