oh hey guys um I could not be more
fucking tired right now but I have so
many things I need to blog about and
it's been like three or four days since
I've logged so I decided to quickly talk
about it well my pizza is making it is
6am in the morning right now and I have
been up since about mm I would say I
guess 11 yesterday morning so what I did
today was basically just some errands
and stuff and then i went to friday
night magic which was awesome I only 120
in one of the sets out of four but my
Garrick deck is looking better and I got
some advice on what I should change
which I'll talk about maybe later if you
guys are interested or maybe I'll do an
actual video for my gaming channel about
it um but one thing that everyone's been
asking me is why is my twitter account
suspended so this is kind of a weird
story what happened is I on my birthday
I was having some guy that was like spam
messaging me um like this i'm sure some
of you are familiar with it there's like
a fake porn video of me that's like
really awful from like before i even had
boobs but it's like some chick with
boobs and it's not actual porn it's just
like pouring like Sir whatever you don't
need to go into that and I don't
appreciate when people post it because
it's slandered but anyway he was like
calling me a whore and just like posting
it everywhere and it was fine cuz i
blocked him but then after i blocked him
he started spamming all of my friends
with it so i reported abuse to Twitter
and Twitter replied to me and was like
can I have more instances of this so we
can like regulate the site better or
whatever so I literally sent them like
50 links or something from the guy just
harassing me and um and they replied to
me and they're like okay well his
Twitter account has been banned you
shouldn't have any more problems and
then the second after I got that email I
got a Twitter message saying that I was
banned at for harassing other people so
the only rationalization I can come to
from that is that this idiots working at
Peter thought that the at tara babcock
was the one harassing not the at
whatever bitch that was talking shit
about me you know so he accidentally
blocked me and now I'm not getting any
correspondence back even though I have
replied with all the details as to why I
shouldn't have been banned and how it
was a misunderstanding and I also did
the regular protocol to be to becoming
unbanned because um I'm like and she
knows because um you when you get
suspended on Twitter it's not permanent
usually and there's nothing that I've
ever done wrong on Twitter like Twitter
actually I was like full nudity and
stuff if you guys didn't know that as
long as it's not in the the background
the header or the profile picture you
can post any kind of thing like porn or
anything that's why there's actually a
setting that says do not show mature
content without you know warning you
first if you want to be like safe for
work but anyway um another thing I
wanted to talk about is oh god what was
it i'm so exhausted when we got home
from friday night magic i just got
finished playing i think five or six
hours of league of legends with my
friends one guy that we know from magic
now and my roommate and my friend cold
who also goes to magic with us but I met
him through being a mod of my channel
he's 14 and we just played a lot of
games together you've probably seen him
in some of my stream highlights if you
watch my gaming channel the other thing
I wanted to talk about is oh yeah I made
an okay cuz my roommate hasn't an
okcupid account and just for the hell of
it whatever right and for fun like a lot
of people do like the muslim does and so
i decided to make one to see what
percentage of a match i would be to him
and it turns out i'm 0% enemy and like a
really high match of him which i think
is really cute because i know that we're
very compatible as people obviously we
get along so well we can spike 24-7
together but anyway i made the account i
was like you know just for fun to see
and then i decided to leave it and i
just said like my pizza's already I said
like girl looking to have
fun with a couple of other girls or some
shit like that and just um I was like
whatever I'll just leave it so then um
basically the first day you guys can't
see me right now because it's really
dark but basically the first day they
deleted my account because I can only
assume that they think that I'm like
fake like not a person or something
because a lot of people were accusing me
of being a fake profile but I think
that's hilarious that like it's so I
guess unheard of someone like me I guess
I don't know how to have profile like
that because yeah I mean the first day I
had it for one day before they banned it
and I got literally like fucking 50
messages in like six hours or something
I don't know like when I woke up I had
like so many I don't know it's really
weird i'm really tired but yeah I wanted
to tell you guys about the twitter thing
because literally everyone has been just
like asking me like crazy i should get
the twitter account back but i have had
some fans tell me that they've had
problems with twitter where Twitter
doesn't respond and fix their issues
within like a month which would suck i
really hope that I get it back because
it's like the main source of letting you
guys know what's going on it has the
most followers and everything it's just
the most effective way so for now I'll
just be on my Facebook fan page which
you can find in the description um it's
18 plus though so you actually have to
be logged into facebook and you have to
be 18 or to go there there's nothing 18
plus on there it's just with our
Facebook is so fucking uptight that I've
gotten my account banned and blocks like
20 times at least just for posting like
bikini shots this is basically a type of
facebook it's like anything that someone
reports as inappropriate they basically
just take as an appropriate because
they're like oh yeah if someone's
bitching it must be terrible and I have
a lot of haters alongside of you lovely
people who do like me yeah successful
day and don't don't mistake this for
sadness and i'm really happy i have some
more things to talk to you guys about
but I'm just like not even coherent so
i'll talk to you guys later and i'm
sorry i have involved in a while
by la la dart I well made
