hey guys I'm doing a vlog in the
bathroom so the acoustics might sound a
little bit better
I like Argyle sweaters they're really
cute don't you guys think um yesterday I
went and bowling with my friends nothing
to see here
and some friends from high school I
haven't seen forever one of them is my
best female friend Ashley who is a
wonderful girl she I forget to see her
though so now I get to see her again
because she moved back to Everett which
is close Seattle so if you don't live in
Seattle you have no idea what I'm
talking about and my ass is still up on
the counter like that isn't that awesome
and there's me tell me again and my
babies I just I enjoy being silly in
vlogs and with my butt on the counter
like that
ooh thumbnail I'm feeling a little silly
today but um yeah I don't know what I'm
doing let's go out here because out here
I can turn on the lights one second
there we go
and now I have in front of the green
screen which doesn't equalize well on my
camera phone um and the other two
friends one is Brian a friend that is
like a brother to Ashley and I used to
have a crush on him when I was in band
class a long time ago a year older than
me so he was in high school and I was in
Middle School and um yeah I think I told
you guys that in yesterday's vlog I'm a
little bit tired and I forgot what I
told you and then there's Tyler now it's
funny because my first boyfriend I told
you guys about him a long time ago and
in my draw my life video his name I
accessed it was Casey and he at some
point had this friend like I really
didn't like whose name was Tyler and I
realized that was the guy and I was like
yeah for some reason I didn't like you
back in the day and he's like yeah that
makes sense because I was an asshole so
I guess um he was an asshole and I
wasn't supposed to like him which is
good because I didn't but now I do he's
like really cool and I owe him a bowling
rematch because I'm off with bowling I'm
getting ready to go on my big trip this
week or next week on Monday I'm leaving
for China and then I'll be going to
Korea
and I'm still not sure if everything is
announced so I can tell you why but um
I'm gonna wait until the Tara talks this
week comes out and then I'll just
announce it and tell you guys my dream
job and what I'm going to be doing in
China and Korea and I can finally tell
you guys where I'm going abroad I'm
still waiting on my passport to come
back with the Chinese visa on it and um
yeah today I did Tara talks I've been
feeling a little bit jittery and last
night I smoked a little weed which was
awesome only I never do it I never ever
do it um simply because you know your
lungs and everything and I don't really
like the way I feel when I'm on it but
last night was actually good like the
first time ever that I actually felt
good while doing it um and it's legal
here so if you guys are worried about
that Seattle is legal for individual use
and you know I don't sell it so but I'm
very very very very very unfrequently do
anything even drinking and yesterday was
one of the exceptions because my
roommate likes weed um and yeah so I
decided to try it myself again but he
didn't people who know him from his job
I'm a little bit distracted today I
don't know why I'm feeling just a little
bit tired my computer blue screen three
or four fucking times today's I have I
have the video to do for the guy who
made the marriage proposal my response
to it because I was the most amazing
view I've ever seen in my life like
literally when I was watching it I was
like tearing up and everything oh my god
like literally tearing up because it's
the most amazing most beautiful thing
I've ever seen and if it was somebody
that I was dating who did that to me or
somebody that I knew and just had any
kind of feelings for COD I would say yes
to the actual marriage proposal like
someone who actually understands me
enough to do something that sweet that
put so much effort into it and then it's
like flawless like beautiful everything
coating there was a whole website he got
a domain name for me it's like how she's
awesome I'm also waiting for a bunch of
cards for my my magic deck which I'm
really excited about because I love
magic right now I'm addicted to magic I
can't wait for Friday night magic I
fixed my
Dec so my mill deck with Jason and I'm
getting two more Jace's and a bunch of
other things that actually make it so I
can go through my own deck and find the
things that I want I added black to it
it was red and blue and now it's red
blue black so I can add diabolic tutor
to it and a bunch of other things um I
got some cool lands that are not the
basic lands so I'll be able to produce
whatever color land I need what else is
new
um but last night I had like the best
sex ever
it's like two two sessions if you want
to call them sessions I don't what the
fuck you guys a column in a row um with
like a lot of my fetishes in there if
you guys watched my fetish video um some
good porn and it was just fun a lot of
fun I don't usually talk about my sex
life very much I keep it a little bit
secretive because of you know like I
might incriminate the person that I'm
doing it with so I don't ever like say
their name or talk about who it is or
what went on but it was just like the
best sex night of my life and then we
played video games and sleeping felt
good too I actually didn't wake up in
the middle of the night for the first
time in the last couple weeks and I'm
just really nervous about this job so I
don't think I've been sleeping very well
because of it but last night was
wonderful oh my god um I think I'm
feeling that after-effects today of
everything from yesterday and just being
really tired for a long time though
because I'm a little bit out of it it
was harder for me to do Tara talks and
stuff but I realize I've just been
talking for six minutes about nothing
and making no sense and having long
pauses in between and saying like a lot
so I apologize for that but gotta be
real you know when I'm real in my vlogs
I tell you guys exactly what's going on
exactly how I feel and I don't edit
anything so there you go there you have
it now I'm gonna go check my computer
and hopefully it didn't blue screen
again and I can get these fucking videos
rendered I'm like five videos render
including Tara talks which is late and
they hate it when it's late like Tara
where that fungus Tara Docs and Robert
gets all angry I talked to Robert tuned
there's gonna be a lot of changes in
Tara talks if you guys are curious I
can't tell you exactly what but it's
gonna be wonderful and you're gonna love
it
and everything is going to be awesome
for everyone
yeah whoo bye guys
ha ha dad I will be
