hey Rick hello Internet I'm here with my
best girlfriend Ashley hi friends from
high school right and we met in
elementary school right Gertrude sorry
right and how exactly do with me do you
remember we had a reading class together
miss with your teacher I don't remember
anything I get her some dragon I don't
love you I don't remember don't know
we're bowling in which I'm apparently a
flat Ashley sir first time bowling and
she's like scoring strikes like what the
hell that's what I do he says he's
really good and you see on a team right
it's a link bowl but i just got a
ridiculous let's Brian say hi Brian yeah
hi everybody I used to be in band class
I played the flute brian is in band
class playing drums let you guys play
the drum he goes next Ashley let's watch
Ashley bolt she's gonna do it am I
looking at her yeah epic fail oh my god
ok Ashley silly shit about this song is
the best for dancing I we were drinking
before and Ashley drove even though she
was not drunk right absolutely no she
would never do that why would anyone
ever do that right right exactly because
it's dangerous I am hoping that she was
sober she seemed a little closer than
usual
just admit it so I'm drinking water and
a little bit of this which is someone
else
my turn let's see how bad I do she's not
gonna do that that bad she's lying let's
do
yet
that was fantastic
you're so I'm gonna go hang out with my
friends they think I'm fucking weird i
think half of them don't know about my
youtube Ashley does because she's a good
friend back home so should I tell the
incident I should tell the internet so
Ashley was my best friend right and I
would get her house a lot and then when
I met Bryon I'd like this huge crush on
him on our middle school great so Ashley
got mad at me issues she was like you're
only coming over to my house to see
Brian it was like never there she's like
I don't paranoid you got paranoid yes I
want to do to myself so was i therefore
no I was there I swear to God okay I'm
gonna go well
