hey guys today's random topic video
topic is gonna be about why I don't go
partying and clubbing first off let me
elaborate on the title what I mean by I
don't go partying and clubbing basically
is will you see me downtown at a club on
the weekend no will you find me drunk at
any house parties no if I want to
celebrate something like let's say my
birthday will you find me drunk and
dancing with my friends
no is partying and clubbing my ideal
vision of having fun fuck no but you
find me occasionally drinking with my
friends when I'm traveling on an event
sure why not
now why is partying not common practice
for me you ask why do I not run off to
clubs every weekend to get drunk and
dance with my friends before I get into
that I feel I should share a little bit
about my past I started drinking and
dabbling with drugs when I was really
young partially because everyone I knew
was doing it and partially because I did
it to forget I had an asshole boyfriend
back then who was in and out of juvie
always playing with my emotions and
stuff like that but when I would go out
drinking and doing drugs and having all
that fun I ended up just sitting there
hating myself in the people I was with
they were basically losers in my eyes
like I would sit there thinking why am i
sitting here wasting my time with these
degenerates that have no life I could be
getting fit or formulating a career or
just working on my homework it made
absolutely no sense to me to be wasting
time that way and then I met my roommate
and he pretty much saved me and my life
became perfect I was focusing on my
dreams working toward that perfect body
doing what I loved and it fucking felt
good I just never felt the need to do
any of that partying stuff ever again
because it was happy which leads me to
my first reason why I don't do it
basically I like leading a healthy
lifestyle
going to the gym staying fit getting
enough sleep and working on my career
are very important to me alcohol the
amount served at clubs and parties is
not only way too many calories but it
would totally screw up my schedule to go
out and do that and my fitness regimen
secondly I'm crazy blonde fun and open
enough to not have to do any substance
in order to have fun and the next reason
it's just not my idea of fun my idea of
having fun is playing games with friends
going out to dinners and having
hilarious conversations or just being
really active and going on adventures I
don't like the music they play in clubs
usually I don't need to get drunk to
have fun I don't need to go out to get
laid I don't want to be hit on by a
bunch of drunk guys and I don't need to
party to have friends around me all the
time people think that not partying mean
you're boring but I see it as the exact
opposite it doesn't make you weird or a
hermit to like to do other more healthy
and productive things with your life
like rock climbing I've always wanted to
get into that you guys want to come with
me I know this next statement is
probably going to make a lot of people
really angry or it's going to be seen as
a bad generalization but I feel like
people who go out and party a lot or
either one just trying to get laid two
are lonely a need companionship of
strangers three want to drown out their
problems with alcohol and drugs four are
boring people and need that kind of
setting to have fun and be fun five have
no real hobbies and have no reason to
work toward anything or self-improve or
six they find themselves being peer
pressured by friends who have one or
more of the above problems it's one
thing to do in a couple times a year
when you're celebrating something or
when you're traveling it's another thing
to do it every single weekend or every
chance you get it's just not me and I
find myself feeling sorry for people who
leave their lives that way face it no
one can really be passionate about
partying and I mean if you actually are
passionate about partying do something
productive and open your own Club don't
just spend time being drunk and acting
like an idiot in one a lot of the people
that I've met through my modeling career
only talk about partying and drinking
and going out and shoes and they show no
real substance or any interest in
anything or personality whatsoever shoes
and dancing in a club seem to be what
defines them as a person and this is one
of the reasons why I turned more toward
the gaming community I wanted to find
more like-minded people who had things
in common with me and who had passions
that I shared passions with and I wanted
to have conversations with people or I
didn't want to bang my head on the table
I want to look back on my life and be
proud of it you know all of the amazing
times I spent with my friends and all of
the awesome times I spent bettering
myself and I want to actually remember
it all so in summation chronic partying
is just not my thing
sure I'll have a drink or ten and an MLG
after-party once or twice a year just
cuz but when I prefer to be playing some
Starcraft team games there's some magic
the gathering with those people instead
you bet your ass I would 364 days of the
year I want to be doing things that I
love that i'm passionate about bettering
myself learning things and just having a
great time without abusing substances or
searching for parties so that i can
drown away my fears or you know stick my
metaphorical dick in someone and that
last day a year I'll save for getting
really drunk variety right so hopefully
you guys take this for what it is logic
and not
huge diss on people who love to party
all the time to each his own and as I
said this is just my personal experience
with people who party too much and my
personal preferences and if you guys
don't find yourselves going out and
partying too much
don't let anyone make you feel bad for
it there's nothing wrong with having
other hobbies that fill your time even
if it's just sleep sleep is fucking
awesome alright guys don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and make sure you let me know in the
comments what else you'd like me to
cover in my are TVs this is fun bye
Wow Dada died well made
