hey guys today I'm going to be showing
you my daily makeup regimen so before we
start I know a lot of people have wanted
to see me without makeup so feel free to
take a second to comment about how
either ugly I am without makeup or how
much prettier I am without makeup you
know the standard stuff you done okay
let's get into it so today it's not
going to be a makeup tutorial because I
know most of my viewership is male so
it's just going to be kind of like what
I do every day to get ready and if I'm
not talking and actually going through
it like I'm gonna be right now I can
usually do this in like 10 to 15 minutes
max which is pretty freakin cool so the
first thing we're going to do is we are
going to clip the back of the hair so I
don't have hair my face with these
pretty little boobs can find pre bows
first and as you can see I kind of have
shitty skin so um the first the first
like notion that you have when you have
shitty skin is like oh my god dude you
know what I should do is I should dry it
out and what you really need to do is
you need to make sure that you have
moisturizer on your face either way
because if you dry your face out an oily
skin person will just your body will be
like oh my god I need to produce more
oil and then you end up with even more
you know impulse so yeah as you can see
I don't have the best skin but it's not
like really bad right now sometimes it's
actually worse so the first thing we do
other than pin the hair back is we take
the eyelash glue and we put it somewhere
a little bit of it like this and that's
because the eyelash glue takes about 15
minutes or something to get tacky enough
to actually make the eyelashes stick and
stuff and that's like the hardest part
and I apologize for the annoying sounds
outside we have busses and trains and
all sorts of machinery outside for some
reason and I'm not wearing my nice
what's it called microphone because yeah
if I do that I won't be able to do
makeup properly so the first thing I do
is I use not this one
Mac Studio Fix in nw20 - and I want to
make sure it's a little bit darker than
the actual skin on my face because I tan
my body but I don't tan my face in order
to keep the skin on my face nice and you
know younger longer so I apply in
circles all over the face I don't know
if I'm going to speed this stuff up or
not and make sure you pull it down on
the neck a little bit otherwise you're
going to have a line because no makeup
in the world no matter how good matched
it is is going to actually not leave
some kind of a telltale sign and really
nice light now at the end I'll show you
guys my setup - for how I do makeup I'm
just gonna
maybe I will speed this up I'm trying
not to do this in a tutorial manner
because I I'm not like claiming at all
that I'm really good at makeup this is
just what I do and this is not like
model makeup I would wear a lot more
different types of things like I would
highlight my face contour it I would add
a shadow more eyeliner and everything
make sure you get right at the edges
there and this is medium coverage but
what you can do is keep adding it on and
um it'll cover more so depending on your
skin condition at the moment that's how
much you're going to want to put on and
the nice thing about this is that it's
powder it's a powder foundation and I
know a lot of people like for me I was
uncomfortable going with a powder
foundation but the powder foundation is
actually much better for oily skin
because it's not going to be like goopy
or really caked on which is nice it's
just like a light powder but it still
provides a certain level of coverage
which is cool so the next thing I do is
I take this this is like a weird it's
called pro conceal and correct palette
in medium and it's a Mac product as well
and I take this one and I put it over
any imperfections and just kind of DAB
it in with my fingers I know a lot of
pro makeup artists will use like brushes
for this kind of thing but bucket when
I'm not doing serious stuff when I just
kind of want to do an everyday makeup
and I do this whether I am staying in
whether I'm going out anything but
modeling like modeling requires a little
bit more makeup because of the strong
lights that you have on you and I think
you can tell without makeup how I am
actually a blonde because I have like no
eyelashes or eyebrows which is kind of
funny okay and then I also take a
lighter color like this put it on both
fingers and then I just kind of DAB it
underneath my eye to kind of lighten up
my eyes because I think that on my face
my eyes are the best feature because
they're nice blue bright and big
and you have to make sure that it is
even and then you want to put it a
little bit in the corner of the eyes I
keep saying you wanna I watched too many
makeup tutorials mostly because I think
the girls are pretty not really because
I don't learn anything because I'm kind
of set in my ways I taught myself makeup
and it's just I like do try out new
things but I never really stray from
what I feel is right even if someone
else tells me that oh what you're doing
is wrong you know and then I have um
baby wipes because if I use my fingers I
want to make sure that I don't have
anything residual on my hands because
that makes everything gross so what else
let me see oh yeah I first put in
eyedrops I forgot to do that but yeah I
won't bore you with putting eye drops
because I hate putting in eyedrops and
basically it just makes your eyes you
know not bloodshot for the day and I'm
in front of like really bright lights
all day whether it be streaming or
modeling because of you know soft boxes
and stuff like that when I do Tara talks
everything is a really bright light so
my eyes tend to get pretty bloodshot
which is annoying um what do I do next
is I where is my thing okay I use these
wedge these wedge thingies to kind of
make sure that everything's even and I
don't want any excess and then I put her
drag down on my neck as well just to
make sure there's no line especially
over my eyebrows push things up toward
my hairs otherwise I'm going to have
like stuff on my hair that sucks
and then the only thing I do in terms of
contouring or highlight or anything is I
use this its mineralized skinfinish and
um soft and gentle and it's really
shimmery so I only use it here
and here to kind of bring out my cheeks
my cheekbones and then maybe a little
bit on my neck to make sure and I also
use it on my cleavage a little bit as
well because it's shiny and it's pretty
and it's just a little like dusty
shimmery thing Oh next thing I do in any
order basically is I curl my eyelashes
to prepare putting on mascara and um I
don't like care too much about the
mascara because my eyelashes are really
long but they don't curl and that's why
I just pretty much prep them to put fake
eyelashes on because I like fake
eyelashes I think fake eyelashes really
framed the eyes and make them like more
like pretty girly you know I'm saying
it's hard for me to talk and do this at
the same time I'm kind of interested to
see if any girls will actually watch
this video at all because that would be
kind of cool um and maybe sometime down
the line I can actually get really good
at makeup I do makeup for myself for
like almost all of my shoes because I'm
good at doing it on myself
because I've done it for so many years
but um yeah I never really do it for
anyone else
so I clean off my lips a little bit
to make sure I didn't get any powder on
them and then I use where is my of this
thing full of lip glosses and I just put
on the lip gloss like so
I don't wear lipstick because I don't
like it it's too heavy but I will
accentuate the lip gloss with um a lip
liner like this
and I feel on the corners and make sure
the lips are lined properly making sure
that color the corners are colorful and
the color is even actually makes your
lips um pop more and look larger and
then sometimes I'll go over the top with
a with a lip plumper which doesn't only
do anything it just adds a little bit of
minty nests to your lips which feels
good I like it and then I do my eyebrows
because I have kind of blonde eyebrows
as you can see so I use like what is
this it's called it's by r del it's brow
defining powder and taupe that's the
color tau PE I just take a little bit on
this and then I go over my eyebrows my
existing eyebrows I don't really like it
when people like shave off their
eyebrows and tattoo them on that like
freaks me out I like to just center ate
them a little bit with this because I
think it looks a little bit better and
it frames the face nicely and when you
are okay I'm going to give advice again
but um your eyebrows are meant to be
sisters not twins
so it's okay if it's not exactly perfect
and I've had a lot of coffee today so I
am kind of jittery but yeah um now all I
have to do is I actually forgot my um I
guess I'll put on new ones okay
so let's see
these are the lashes that I use there by
Ardell and everything that I use is
animal cruelty free including the
brushes they're all synthetic brushes um
places like Mac will tell you that
non-synthetic brushes are ok because
they aren't cruel to the animals but i
think any animal captivity
dying any captivity of animals is
cruelty especially if you're like
shaping them and making them being naked
I mean if I had to stay around and have
my hair shaved off with some kind of
slave and something in my habitat at my
computer I'd be pretty pissed off so
yeah and this is human hair not animal
hair and what I do is I have a hard time
taking these off the stand ok you can
tell which one is well this one actually
doesn't you can't tell much so this is
the left eye and I just run it through
this glue that has been sitting here to
get a thin layer on the whatever art I
go did this and then I let it sit there
for a second and then I take the second
one do the same thing and this is my
favorite part of the makeup we're almost
done actually and it this is one like a
12-minute video so as you can see it's
take very long so this is the right one
and this is the left one I'm just so
shaky from the caffeine today so you
kind of just bend it and blow it but
this is the hardest part by the way it
took me forever to master this a lot of
people say using tweezers and sticking
it on but in my opinion that's like I
have the best dexterity with my actual
hands right and it sucks when my nails
get longer it's like lots are to do so
yeah now I just put it as close to the
lash line as I can hold it there for a
second
and just kind of Pat it down and then
when I gets a little bit more tackiness
I wait for a second oh my god
but the other one on oh no it needs a
little more on the edge
the other one on
I really big eyes so I never need to
like cut these and sometimes the inner
and outer sides will just come up so
what you do is you kind of mold the
natural edge lashes latches with the
false lashes so that it's as close to
the natural lash line as possible like
that and do the same with the other eye
make sure that it is all on there
properly some more you have your natural
lashes actually conform with those
lashes they kind of become one and you
can't tell as much that you're wearing
fake lashes and these ones look really
natural so it's not as bad and the glue
will drive clear
oh shit thank you do my fingers get
sticky this is like a process that is a
pain and the freaking ass seriously all
girls know what I'm talking about when
they want to do this most girls only do
this for like parties and stuff because
it's such a pain but yeah there you go
and now I look like a dull again but I'm
not done just yet I have one more
process after these dry a little bit is
the eyeliner now I don't use a lot of
eyeliner I just use it in the corners to
connect oh stay on do what I tell you
bitch to connect the the end of the fake
eyelash to the corner of your eye if
that makes any sense this lash is not
listening to me very much so technical
difficulties
there we go and just go like this just a
little bit like you can t really tell
unless you see me up close you know
there you go and just a quick run over
with my brush now extra powder just to
make sure everything's in place I'm
having a serious like caffeine attack LA
and to kind of make them stick together
better with the real eyelashes just like
that
and there you have it it's my hey look I
want it and even with the talking in the
intro it only took me 16 minutes so yeah
it's pretty simple and easy once you get
it down and now I change into something
nice and I actually do my hair which
isn't much I just kind of get this is
what I do with my hair umm I just go
like this and kind of fluff it up a
little bit of backcombing and then I'll
so it's like sculpt teasing your back
going and a little more on this side
that's pretty much all I do after I blow
dry my hair which I blow dry it on low
settings and yeah um so I'll show you my
setup now there's a hair amen okay so
now that I've changed and I'm ready for
the day
here is my setup and my Tara Babcock
chair and all of my makeup there it's
kind of messy right now but whatever you
know right it's all good and I have
studio-quality
lights on the sides so that I can see in
detail my face while I'm doing makeup
and I have a couple of my tear sheets
and magazine things up there that I
really need to add more to because it's
awesome and yeah that's it
so there you have it that's how I get
ready every single day and I do this
whether I go out whether I stay in
whether I'm going to the MOL usually not
to the gym I usually go to the gym then
I come home then I shower then I do this
so I usually go to the gym without
makeup but um yeah it's really simple
and it's not that much makeup I don't
use eyeshadow I don't use eyeliner all
over my eye just in that one little
corner right there
I don't highlight or contour I don't use
over-the-top powder I just use a powder
concealer which is actually thinner than
a liquid concealer I don't use lipstick
I don't line my lips before I put on
some gloss I just kind of use it to make
sure that everything is even I guess you
would say and yeah it's pretty simple
took me what 15 minutes or less and
usually it takes me about 10 if I'm not
talking and being ridiculous oh yeah
easy peasy and now that I have my normal
clothes on I will add a little bit of
bronzer to my babies like I said it's
not bronzer it's more like a
a powder which is cool and make sure
that my skin tone is even is right now
I'm having a fake tan attack this is
like the worst a fake tan would look is
when I've like scrubbed most of it off
but what I do is I tan maybe once a week
just to keep my pores open and have like
a base tan and then I spray tan the rest
of the time because of course I don't
want to get skin cancer I've loved
leathery skin like a lot of people think
oh my god you know tanning at all it's
terrible but it's actually not that bad
for you there's a lot of vitamins that
are good for you in sunlight and it's
pretty much the same and if you do it in
moderation it's not that bad so yeah I
hope you enjoyed this and I hope that my
male dominated audience was not too
bored but you guys got to see me without
makeup so there you go don't forget to
like the video subscribe to the channel
and make sure you check out my main
channel which is all about gaming bye
guys
wha-ha-ha die well made
you
