so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want what's
up guys welcome to a very special
Valentine's Day video just for you guys
my YouTube viewers and all of my
supporters on all of my platforms this
is just probably my most popular
platform so I decided to post it here as
you guys probably have caught on to now
over the years I'm not really big on
traditional holidays I think their
origins are usually bullshit and I don't
heavily celebrate them too much I kind
of just use them as an excuse to take a
few days off and hang out with J things
like Christmas presents and decorations
I can get on board with going to church
caring about st. Nicholas or st.
Valentine not so much as an atheist I
think you guys can understand that but
even so I wanted to do something sweet
and unique for you guys this Valentine's
Day whether you're celebrating or not
whether you have someone or not I pledge
to be your Valentine and something you
guys don't know about me because I've
never actually brought it up on this
channel is that I used to write poems
like most angsty teenage girls I had a
diary but instead of writing something
like dear diary today I snorted some
blow and fucked some hookers because
that's what all teenage girls write in
their Diaries right well I would write
poems I would write songs and I also
wrote some scripts when I was younger
the first script I ever wrote was
inspired by Monty Python and it was back
when I was in elementary school I'm
pretty sure I told you guys that part in
at least one video before but whoa after
all these years Tara has something she
hasn't mentioned in a video aside from
writing you guys the totally cheesy
totally sappy but kinda honest and funny
poem I also did a very vampire inspired
Valentine's Day look and went all out
putting heat on my hair which is not
something I do for just anyone anymore
since I've moved from 95% humidity to
Vegas is zero percent humidity basically
my hair has been falling out like crazy
I'm on humidifier duty every single
night and it's just been insane so the
fact that I have these nice little waves
for you guys it means I wanted to go all
out on this I am personally taking the
next three days off not directly related
to Valentine's Day but as always I'm
using it as an excuse to take a few days
off and spend it with Jay he and I will
be playing The Walking Dead telltale
series currently he's on episode 2 and
I'm just so excited to see his choices
cuz I'm personally on my twitch channel
on episode 3 but before we get into this
I do want to let you guys know that
video has brought to you--by the
long-sleeve heartbreaker tea if you guys
haven't yet heard my merch store is
reopened hashtag Sarah Babcock March I'm
so excited you can check it out at Tara
Babcock merch calm but if you want to
get 10% off on the heartbreaker design
which is very apropos for Valentine's
Day or anything else on my store use the
link in the description and you'll
automatically get 10% off on whatever
you purchase I really appreciate it it
goes to helping me and you get some cool
merch that isn't just me using clipart
or poorly cutting out my face and
putting it on merch which a lot of
content creators like to do these days I
actually put some thought and stylistic
intent into these designs so I hope you
guys enjoy them alright let's get into
my poem that I wrote for my Valentines
you roses are red violets are blue I
love to hear you say I just came to you
the support you guys give me is more
than enough and all because I'm honest
about how I like it rough you say such
sweet things to me every single day some
of my girl viewers have said that I
could even turn them gay on YouTube I
make all kinds of content and you guys
are always there to give me advice even
if I don't want it
recording videos for you is all I've
ever wanted to do except for you know
doing you I hate editing them but I'll
always stick to it just to hear you guys
say this video is legit fanservice hauls
vlogs and sex ed to stop doing it I'd
have to be dead seeing you guys post
pictures wearing my merch makes me so
happy on your lap I could purge and the
alcohol poisoning I've endured on stream
feels like nothing when the chat says
show Bob and vagine even when I'm
sucking at learning the bass you guys
make me feel like a total fucking ace
and nothing is better with you than
playing games of choice because the chat
always has the most hilariously diverse
voice with anything from The Walking
Dead or Dark Souls I can count on you
guys to film my commentary holes and
when Eve jumps in front of the screen
it's only natural that only pur emotes
are seen I can always turn to you on
discord 2 for some good conversation we
can talk about anything from hentai to
the state of the nation it doesn't
matter if we agree or disagree on the
topic your nuanced conversation always
makes me feel a little less misanthropic
my viewers are smart and don't only kiss
my ass some would even say the latter if
I asked smash a pass even though you are
all unique and individual to my life
each one of you are completely integral
so whether you're on YouTube discord
patreon twitch or other I know we can
always count on one another and even if
you figuratively or literally came for
the boobs I always promise to give you
my authentic self and a positive
attitude so if you're lonely on this day
of st. Valentine remember you're never
alone and you can always be mine roses
are red violets are blue please be happy
because I fucking love you
well craziest thing tears ever done I
hope you guys enjoyed it I hope you
liked the video like the video and
subscribe if you did let me know in the
comments if you appreciated my effort
here or not and how you felt about it
because I would really like to hear this
is just a random idea that popped into
my head and I was like you know what
let's just write I'm a fucking poem I
want to do something cool for
Valentine's Day especially for those of
you who don't have a significant other
or at least some kind of fuck buddy I
look forward to making food and going
pee in between gaming sessions to read
your comments I love you guys so much
more than you could ever know and I
appreciate you whether you're a hater or
someone who supported me for years
obviously the ones who've supported me
for years they're a little bit higher up
on the wrong but I appreciate those of
you who remind me that not everyone in
the world is exactly like me and you
can't please everyone
have a badass Valentine's Day and the
rest of the week check out my merch
store if you're interested and I'll see
you in the next video which will not be
F&M I'm skipping a fandom this week
because I'm taking a few days off but I
should have a Caturday video up and
obviously it'll be worth the watch and
really cute because Yves is adorable
what I love you so much Valentine
