you don't think I know what the fuck is
going give me a break do not fucking
play with me little girl so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want what's up guys
welcome to a new video today I'm really
excited to do this video because it's
absolutely hilarious there's a ton of
drama I have all of the quote-unquote
receipts as you guys call them today in
the form of Instagram DMS and we're
gonna go through a situation that I
experienced a few weeks ago with a super
jealous super crazy girlfriend this is
actually happening during one of Jays
streams so a few of the people are gonna
know who this is about who were present
for that stream but most people aren't
gonna know because I'm not gonna out her
name I just feel like it would be kinda
tacky to do so especially because she
has a career in modeling a very prolific
one at that and I'm just not in the
business of ruining someone's career who
clearly has mental issues that their own
to deal with I honestly feel more bad
for her than I am angry because I'm not
angry at all I had you guys vote on
Twitter and patreon whether you guys
wanted me to film this video that I'm
gonna be filming today or the
controversial people I want to fuck
video which I'll be doing next cuz you
guys did get it to almost like 45% 48%
so thanks for voting it's nice to know
there is an interest in both of them
almost equally okay so for a little bit
of background on this issue jay has a
friend who happens to be a bodybuilder
he became friends with Jay because the
bodybuilder posted on my pictures on I
think Facebook or something and then he
realized that Jays also into
bodybuilding and they became friends
whereas personally I've only talked to
the guy publicly on public posts on
Instagram and Facebook I would consider
him more of an acquaintance than a
friend and if I ever flirted with him
which it's crazy that I didn't because
he's a buff guy and I flirt with
everyone it was very public comments on
photos it was never anything that meant
to turn into sex you guys know me you
guys know I'm not above pursuing someone
who's in a relationship or even who's
married I'm very open with why I'm okay
with this and my logic behind it if I do
happen to go over what that logic path
is I'll do it at the end of the video so
stay tuned to the end if you wanna know
why I'm such a degenerate so anyway in
this particular situation I never had
anything to do with the guy I never
tried to have anything to do with the
guy if I had I would be honest about it
you guys know me that's just how I am
so before we get started my friend red
asked me a question which I thought was
interesting which was why did you even
worse
and to this crazy bitch to which I
replied it's gonna make some great
YouTube content but that's not the only
reason I replied to her at all it's
actually because I'm really interested
in the psychology of someone who behaves
in a way that's such an antithesis of
how I feel how I would act in the
situation I thought it would be
interesting to try to defuse the
situation with logic and rational
thoughts to try to be calm to be nice
and to see if it works out
spoiler alert it didn't this chick is
not only just a jealous girlfriend she's
like a caricature of the most extreme
version she's like the strawman of
everything that is jealous women on top
of that I thought maybe if I could
defuse a situation I could make a new
friend it's happened it has you guys
know that I don't get drama very often
it never really affects me that much or
turns into anything because I don't
freak out usually you have to perpetuate
the drama from both sides this time I
did not have to do shit I was the nicest
person ever you'll see you so recently
since this guy is also a gamer he was on
J's stream supporting J stream watching
and chatting I guess his girlfriend got
wind of this and I got this DM don't
fuck sing follow me you nasty sloppy
whore later bitch oh and prob shouldn't
be such a skank and fucking flirting
with other girls boyfriends because one
day someone might flip a motherfucking
shit on yo to which I reply dude I'm
just an acquaintance of his through a
mutual friend calm please I think you're
pretty that's all I'm not trying to get
with him ellipses she says sure clean up
your act and maybe so many chicks
wouldn't hate you and then she says how
do you even know me
I said luigi posts and talks about you
to his friends proud of his girlfriend
I'd assume and I follow hot chicks block
me if you want
I suppose so twice I have been nice
enough to call her attractive and then
she says Jesus Christ he doesn't post
shit about me you're a liar and that
makes me despise you even more and I
said not on his IG but like to his
friends on my roommates stream he was
telling people to look you up now the
situation that I'm talking about was he
was in the chat and we were rating
different guys and this guy decided to
post a picture of himself
- which JS mod and my mod J mood who
happens to be a gay or bisexual man says
you're not hot or something so in
defense he's kind of like okay look at
my girlfriend look how hot my girlfriend
is look up blank blank and that's what I
was talking about he was just bragging
about his girlfriend
so she says who's your roommate I said
Jay wolf Luigi calls him yovan at Cecco
five on here and then she says oh so
he's just a roommate and then I was
continuing my conversation I said
they're friends I don't even talk to
Luigi privately and then in response to
oh so he's just a roommate I said I fuck
him ha but we're open
she says sound so meaningless I'm not
talking to you for a relationship advice
as a matter of fact I would never take
relationship advice from you
holy shit so I said I get it girls are
cunts but I'm not in that Luigi and then
she says you're an asshole and a liar
and a whore for the world to see you're
an empty shell of a person don't ever
speak my name or there will be a huge a
fucking problem oh man these false
threats are so hilarious it's like if I
look in the mirror and say her name
three times she'll appear and then like
punch me in the face or something I said
dude why would you be mad at a girl from
being attracted to your man if I were
it's a compliment he's faithful so who
cares why be so malicious and she says
get this oh by the way Luigi isn't my
boyfriend I moved across the country to
get away from him because he's a loser
that lives in his mom's basement is on
about ten differs and is a piece of shit
and I said so why are you mad at me then
if you're not dating him and he's such a
loser why can't I have him and she says
have at him and then she responds why
she's mad she says because you're a
fucking whore and I know what you're all
doing you don't think I know what the
fuck is going give me a break
comedy at its best and then she says
again keep my name out of your mouth and
I said all right damn whatever you say
heart and then like a little bit later I
think it was let's see let's scroll it
okay so four minutes later she picks up
the conversation again and says you
clearly speak with him often then to
know so much I think it's funny that
she's alleging that this whole time I
know so much about him just because I
know who his girlfriend is and that he's
proud of his girlfriend because he's
posting her so often I mean if that's
all there is to know about the dude he's
pretty fucking vacuous and I said okay
look my roommate is streaming right now
on twitch.tv slash to echo five and
Luigi as a viewer with a screen name
anal bleaching he talks there I talk
there he's there now go see and at the
time we were all talking about her and I
was updating them on how the situation
goes and he was asking me is she still
talking to you is she's still talking to
you key being her boyfriend and she said
so you guys play game together and I
said no I haven't yet
we might in the future not alone and
then she says so you must have sent him
pics to know he's faithful then what
fucking leap she takes when I say of
like there's no evidence that he's not
faithful because there's no evidence
he's flirting with me or fucking me and
she thinks for some reason that
translates into me trying and failing so
I said I don't think I've ever even been
flirty with him honestly and I flirt
meaninglessly with everyone I mean he
seems pretty in love with you and she
says well you two should really give it
a try I feel like I'm gonna start crying
from how hilarious is this and I said I
know he's not messing with me he's on
voice right now literally go look
talking to Jay and then she goes back to
saying oh my god I'm like crying from
this she goes back to things so you sent
pics and I'm like no what no sexting no
texting no nothing to which she
continues how do you even remotely know
him or who he is or what he's about
you're sitting here I dunno you know
home and I said I don't know him well he
talks to Jay about fitness shit and then
she says now your story is changing and
I said how and then I'm like okay we're
gonna start from the beginning so here I
go
Jay is friends with Luigi they talk
Fitness since Jay and I are super close
I am aware of their combos most of the
time Jay streams which is also public to
anyone and Luigi sometimes envoys you
learn things about people when you
stream live and Louie talks about you
quite often he posted your IG the other
day to show the chat how hot you were
and I followed other than that our
interactions have been public things on
social media maybe once or twice I do
not have his number
I do not send pics he does not send me
pics if I have ever judged her flirted
it was not serious
I don't remember 100% if I ever
commented anywhere or anything but that
is the whole story and then she says K
later twice all right let's move forward
to the next day blank just told me you
used my pics for your twitch that's
called copyright infringement
what posting your link in a twitch chat
it's not copyright infringement what is
she thinking I'm doing she thinking I'm
like using her modeling photos that are
copyrighted as like the main header of
my photos pretending to be her this
woman clearly has no grasp on what it is
to stream copyright laws or literally
anything related to those two things but
she goes on I never ever give you
permission to use any of my shit
if it happens again I'm taking legal
action against you do not fucking play
with me little girl
you have zero clue who you're dealing
with oh man oh man so I say I didn't use
your images on my twitch he linked your
IG on Jay's twitch I do know who I am
dealing with an extremely insecure woman
who has no reason to be so because she
is so incredibly gorgeous stop involving
me in your drama
thanks and that's it she hasn't replied
to me since it's been a few weeks
however the guy in question has been
forced to block me and be a little cocky
bitch you can't have female friends or
acquaintances or even followers like she
literally doesn't want me to follow him
or her because of this insane pathologic
insecurity and jealousy this is like
unprecedented I mean shit at least have
like a slight shred of proof or evidence
that I'm actually hitting on your
boyfriend before you go full psycho and
let's talk a little bit about philosophy
and psychology here this is something I
will never understand if your boyfriend
is cheating on you he's the one that
entered the social contract with you
promising to be faithful and uphold
whatever rules you guys set in your
relationship I didn't do that I'm on the
outside in fact I'm anti monogamy at
least for myself so for her to shift the
blame from him the person who entered
the social contract to me just seems
absolutely ridiculous
I know she doesn't know me so she can't
know this like you guys do but if I had
fucked him I would have been like yes I
fucked him as far as I'm concerned it's
his responsibility to hold up that
social contract that he made with her
and not my responsibility to even know
what their personal status is perhaps
they're in an open relationship perhaps
he doesn't even have a girlfriend what
he can do to honor her wishes is to say
hey I have a girlfriend
it's flattering but know things if he
however does choose to fuck me then in
my opinion in no logical way am i doing
anything other than shining light on
this person's potential for philandering
and pretty much just saving her time
instead of her finding this out 10 years
down the line once she has kids and a
ring on her finger I'm actually shedding
light on his propensity to cheat a lot
of guys and girls and relationships
don't cheat because they just don't have
the opportunity to would you want to be
with someone who would cheat if there
was someone hotter or more interesting
or just someone else interested no you
would want to know that your significant
other if you are in that kind of
relationship would turn down these
things because the temptation matters
less to them than the contract that
supposedly means so much in
monogamous relationship those are my
thoughts and the idea that it's a normal
thing to do to attack women who just
simply follow your boyfriend or have
differing opinions and morals from you
when they're not even in your
relationship to begin with is insane to
me a lot of the girls on Jays stream
after I showed them who this girl was
who was sending these messages to me I
linked her Instagram they were like what
the hell she has nothing to be this
jealous and vindictive about she's
beautiful she has a great career and
it's oftentimes the most beautiful
people who are the most insecure
sometimes instead of self-betterment or
chasing your own preferred aesthetic
these girls do this simply because they
have a wounded ego and no self-esteem
it sucks this yes to be that way when we
have the potential to be such great
friends and I think it's quite hilarious
and almost ironic that this kind of
vitriol is spewed at me when I'm not
actually even doing anything when I have
done and would do things but this time
I'm innocent it's absolutely hilarious
to me let me know what you guys think
about this if you agree or disagree with
my philosophy and what you think about
this girl and what she said to me
fucking insane right alright guys I hope
you enjoyed this video I hope you at
least got a little laughs from it little
entertainment if not another fall on
look into my philosophy on life in
relationships and now you know that
sometimes no matter how well you handle
a situation you can't always diffuse it
or make it turn into a friendship people
just won't like you you can't satisfy
everyone what I love you guys and I'll
see you in the next video which will
most likely be controversial people I
would fuck and yes some of them are
married I also have a video coming out
that I did on the fly based on someone
emailing me this suggestion to do a
video on why interracial porn is on the
rise in popularity so yeah that should
be pretty fun too Wow thank you for
watching like the vid and subscribe if
you enjoyed
