oh hey guys I'm exhausted I pretty much
just woke up and it's like the one and
my hair is still wet and I didn't put
much makeup on today basically because
all I'm gonna do is edit videos streams
and stuff like that that I've done in in
the last couple weeks and I'm going out
to a birthday dinner with my mom and my
grandma which should be cool I bought
new jeans if you can see here I'll shit
stand up and show you they're like
regular jeans but they have holes
because I haven't had jeans with the
holes for a while and I like them and
it's not like holes actually it's just
like there's many it's just like you
know stuffings that i've always wanted
to learn how to do myself because when I
have like older jeans I'm like oh I want
to do that because that looks cool and I
know a lot of people are like fuck
Abercrombie that shit looks so bad but I
love it okay so and these are jeggings
these are like the most comfortable
jeans in the whole fucking universe
because they're really stretchy so they
can form exactly to my body and the
problem I always have with clothes is
that like I have a small waist and like
wide hips and a big butt so um a lot of
clothes do not fit my proportions and
then I also have like more not thick
legs I would say especially when I'm
skinny and they're they're skinny legs
but they're shapely they're not like
straight down stick legs they always
have like this nice semi sweep that
looks like I either do some squats or I
just have nicely shaped legs and I'm a
woman
rather than a stick or young boy so yeah
my lower body is more curvy while my
upper body is more like skinny you know
so it's kind of cool but then I have two
boobs so it's like hourglass so I like
my body yeah that's basically what I'm
trying to tell you but it's harder to
buy clothes unless the clothes are
stretchy and conform just like shirts
unless I do with like cleavage shirts
they have the shirts off to be stretchy
so that they are actually tied on my
waist and like tight on my boobs but not
tight tight you know so um I haven't
seen my grandma in a long time she's my
dad's mom she came in from wherever the
fuck she's living now she's lived here
somewhere but no she moved so we're
gonna go out to lunch and me
go to Taco Time I used to love going to
talk to him when I was growing up it's
like I think it's only in the Pacific
Northwest maybe but it's like Taco Bell
but like more high quality like when you
get a burrito it's not just like a
folded over mini tortilla it's like
actually a like soft taco and burrito
they're like thick and nice and you can
get like bean burritos and things for
like vegetarians and the Mexi fries are
so much better than the whatever you
call them is that talked about I
actually don't like going to talk about
I think it's actually worse for you or
at least seems worse for you I feel way
worse than after like McDonald's or
something so yeah it's more fresh more
like the subway of like Americanized
Mexican restaurants so what else for my
birthday I pretty much just played some
cold duty I played some Magic the
Gathering I went shopping I ate a lot of
junk food and I gained like two pounds
but that will get off really easily
since I'm starting to go to the gym
again today and what else
cody's fun still a little bit addicted
to it and I'm getting a lot better it's
so funny out when I was streaming I'll
go like four kills and I won't be
positive and kills it all and then like
I somehow get disconnect from the server
and I joined my friends games and I end
up being against them and when I'm
against them I go like at least at least
10 kills and I'm positive and kills
versus deaths and some assistance stuff
like that so like for some reason it
fuels the fire for me to be against my
friends rather than with them I don't
know what's going on I don't feel much
different I also want to change my
flight coming back from the trip I want
to come back a little earlier because
what's happening is that dream drive I
told you about I'm gonna go down there
and it's gonna be four days of the dream
job and then I'm going to a different
country that I wanted to visit for seven
days but I want to go there only for
like three or four days maybe five
because I feel like that that's pushing
it when I'm going out of the country for
the first time I feel like I want more
time
but yeah I'm these like dots on my face
are from the light it's like coming
through so that's what's going on it's
not some weird shit guys doing I'm
really tired like really tired and it's
not like I went out and partied or
anything cuz like That's not me
but I think that's actually gonna be my
next RTV to like why I don't go out and
party or club or anything like that like
too often and why don't drink cetera
just basically everything that entails
partying I'm not really into but um yeah
that's how I feel right now um I just
stayed up really late every night like
having fun with my friends and playing
games and just didn't get very much
sleep and I haven't gotten very much
sleep lately
because I've been thinking about this
job that I have to do and if I'm gonna
do well and everything's just been
preparation up to this point but um I
have like two weeks until I leave so
yeah um yeah I'm gonna go because I
don't know if my mom has messaged me if
she's here yet but yeah I hope you guys
have a wonderful day and I hope I stop
like losing my voice or whatever's going
on and I just go back to normal I expect
a lot of content in the next two weeks
before I go and then expect a lot of out
of the country content from Tara
it's like Debbie Does Dallas but non
porn and not Dallas and now Debbie Tara
Tara does not the us guys
Wow hard I will
