hey guys I'm waiting for a 40-minute
render to finish and it is the losing my
virginity episode of call of duty ghosts
just came out today so that's kind of
exciting i've been playing that a little
bit i have some weird issues where when
i'm in the menu it like freezes every
couple seconds and it's like this weird
freezing we're like it freezes for like
two seconds and it's fine for five
seconds and it freezes for two seconds
and it's 55 seconds like what the hell
dude not cool so it's like really hard
for me to set up my key bindings and
stuff but i think i'm actually finally
figuring out FPS a little bit which is
making me excited let's go to the
bedroom because i am lazy and I don't
have anything to do on the computer when
the computers are injury I'm gonna
backpedal we're gonna go backwards to
the bedroom by course I'm going to fold
out ah okay so yeah um I think I'm
figuring out FPS I never really put FPS
growing up because well I played
something like I played doom obviously
and i played Wolfenstein Wolfenstein and
I played Oh what else i play goldeneye
double seven obbi but i never really
played like a military modern
first-person shooter or something like
Call of Duty or battlefield or anything
like that not even halo so yeah um
basically because it used to make me
really really dizzy and now it still
kind of does like and now I'm playing
through the campaign when I'm playing
the campaign I'm just walking around and
stuff I often get dizzy because there's
like shaking and a bunch of other weird
stuff but it's not as bad and I can play
definitely like multiplayer modes now
which is cool oh and I take a lot of
tips from people on YouTube telling me
that I should keep my camera up high so
that when someone comes up it's like I'm
ready for a head shot I'm not like
facing down toward the throw the ground
Oh what else play through the campaign
mode play vs AI don't just jump into
like a crazy multiplayer online game
where I'm just totally gonna get stomped
what else was there Oh a setup key
bindings that are comfortable to me okay
I do the weirdest thing you know how
it's WASD well instead of a and D I have
it um enww I think it is a tnw
yeah I think it's the end of you for the
moving left and right strafing type and
then for s and D I have run and crouch
because putting my okay here's my hand
right I have to go like that to be
moving forward and running with shift or
control and that hurts my hand like
crazy after a while and I want to be
like almost constantly running and then
with the Crouch I'd rather just be like
right there as well so I kind of have it
weirdly set up and I have let's say
melee is like C&V because I just
randomly like mash the keyboard what
else do I have one will be like interact
the mouse scroll is switching between
weapons the mouse click or the middle
mouse click is um throwing a grenade or
whatever tactical things are t like
tactical things like okay send Riley
which is the dog Riley meshes are so
much fun I've played like two so far and
I'm just having a lot of fun with it i
think i might do it let's play of call
of duty ghosts is that weird because
most people are like oh fuck the
campaign this is a fucking multiplayer
heavy game all we care about is a
multiplayer you know but actually think
those military shooters definitely have
good stories like so calm for i played
through the campaign and that's a
third-person shooter put it on the ps3
so it doesn't count as a first person
shooter really is a military shooter and
I wasn't very good at that because in my
pan there's a lot more precision on a
mouse and keyboard for any kind of
shooter then there is like using the
right stick to move the camera that's
just like so clunky and weird to me and
there's like your suppressed how far you
can move the stick so it's it's kind of
weird where's the mouse it's like as
good as you are you know and with you
know me playing starcraft and stuff like
that I've gotten a lot better at using a
mouse so I'm more comfortable that way
but when I play something like outlast I
definitely want to use a controller
because still overall i'm more
comfortable with a controller because i
spent what like 19 years of my life
using just you know joysticks analog
sticks controllers stuff like that so
it's definitely what I'm more used to
but when it comes to precision I
definitely want a mouse especially like
my razer mouse my orochi which is
supposed to be the travel mouse but i
use it because i have a smaller hand
like my
little hand if your hand is bigger than
your face you have cancer you know what
I mean um yeah I think I have like 40
minutes left on that render I think of
it actually take a nap and then get up
and play some call of duty on stream or
something like that I don't know or
maybe I'll just play some mario on
stream my friend cold wants to play some
call duty so I'm like sure why not and
I'm just I don't know I'm having a good
day so far i actually got up in the
morning i was showered by 9am and now
it's like noon and that's it it's
awesome it's so amazing but I don't have
to do anything else today just play
video games that makes me happy and I'm
uploading the losing my opportunity to
call of duty ghosts like as soon as the
render finishes because it's like I
don't know I want to see what it's like
to actually make content the day
something comes out and be excited for
something to come out you know cuz
usually it's like okay I'll buy of the
day it comes out if it's like one of my
favorite franchises like Assassin's
Creed god of war Metal Gear Solid
something like that you know but I
probably won't end up playing it for a
couple days and i definitely don't
stream it or post videos like right when
it comes out i like to really enjoy the
franchise's that I love the most so it's
kind of intuitive for me to buy the game
right away and play right away but i'm
not going to create content right away
so let me know in the comments i don't
know how many of you follow my gaming
channel if you want to i'm sure you can
find the link it's down in the
description it's also just youtube.com /
model tara babcock is pretty easy I had
to take Montaner babcock because / tara
babcock was taken and now it's not and i
have to her babcock but I have so many
subscribers in the oj lot you know I'm
going off on a tangent as always they
should call me tear a tangent babcock
like seriously but um yeah if you follow
that other channel do you guys want to
see um let's plays of things like my
favorite franchises that aren't
necessarily new like maybe god of war
starting from the first god of war up to
you know ascension and do you want to
see like maybe the whole Ezio storyline
from Assassin's Creed I can do like to
UM Brotherhood revelations or something
like that I don't know like if you guys
want that I'll do it because it to me it
would be
fun to play through it again and on the
pc just sitting there for you guys maybe
i'll even stream it I love streaming
let's plays I think it's a lot of fun um
yeah i'll talk to you guys later i'm
gonna actually take a nap but thanks for
watching I the reason my last vlog was
blurry was because I had one of those
like Matt covers over my phone to
protect my screen but now I took it off
because I don't want blurry vlogs that's
dumb so I'll just chance it take chances
with it until I can put my glass cover
back on my phone because what happened
with my glass cover was I put it on
really sideways and there was like a
dust fuzzy underneath as well so when I
was putting on this new cover that my
dad got me for my birthday the glass
started coming up and I'm like well I'm
going to take it off since it came up
and it's really easy to take off um
because it's like so badly done like I
did a really really bad job I was really
impatient at the at the AT&T store and I
was like fuck it I'll do it myself and
then I ended up doing like terrible job
so yeah um you guys seem to really like
meeting my parents in the vlog and it
wasn't my birthday last weekend they
just came over because that was the only
time I had open my birthday is actually
on Sunday of this week um November tenth
and I'll be turning 24 which is like
awful it's almost mid it is mid 20 as I
guess mid-20s is probably like 24 25 26
or something like that but getting older
I remember when I was 18 and everyone's
like woh tera you've done so much for
being 18 now no matter how much I've
done i can easily accomplish that and
people have accomplished more by the
time they're 24 so i don't know i'm just
gonna keep doing what I love and
enjoying life and hopefully I'll be
forever young maybe they can
cryogenically freeze me when I turn 30
and then I can wake up like centuries
from now when you can like reverse back
like Benjamin Button where you just like
reverse back in age and I'll just stop
and freeze again when I'm 18 just stay
that way and I'll have all this
knowledge in like a 35 year old brain
and I can apply it to being 18 again and
looking 18 everything will be wonderful
and I'll live in a world where stuff
like the Jetsons actually happens okay
I'm I definitely need to take this
thought and go to sleep with it so i'll
talk to you guys later probably tomorrow
I know it so dark over here look I'm my
baby that's a cool boob it whoa I'm
slain in bed ok guys bye bye
