hey guys um yeah that what a great way
to start a vlog right okay so you might
be wondering why I'm doing my vlog from
here and not from Los Angeles well
that's because I decided to push my Los
Angeles trip back TBD
I guess I don't actually have a real
date but I was gonna go down there to
file my visa for that dream job I told
you guys about but I'm feeling kind of
overwhelmed with work and stuff lately
and I want to stay here and be
productive so that's what I decided to
do and hopefully it's not like a huge
huge like mistake I don't think it will
because there's nothing really in LA
that I need to do this week other than
Blizzcon but the only thing I was gonna
do for Blizzcon was just kind of be
around and see people like Todd and a
couple other friends that I was gonna
see in LA so now that that's not the
case that's the only thing I'm really
missing out on hopefully there's some
other things going down in LA that I am
gonna miss it's not that big of a deal
right I hate when there's like a
situation and I'm like I really don't
want to do it cuz I'm just dreading it
or I feel like you know I don't have the
right mindset to go down there right now
and then I feel like I might end up
regretting it if I don't go some 99.9%
of the time I make myself go but this
time I was like you know my birthday is
a week away I just want to be happy so
I'm gonna stay home and I'm not gonna
stress and I'm gonna get ready for this
big job I have like in two or three
weeks we're just gonna be exciting where
I'm traveling abroad and everything is
amazing and that's what I'm really
wanted wanting to focus on right now
that in my youtube channel my main
youtube channel is only a hundred or
less than 100 subscribers away from
hitting 30,000 which is amazing I can't
believe it I'm still leagues away from
my goal which is as I've told you guys
before a hundred thousand but I think
something really important about my
channel is that it's like fueled with
passion you know like every game that I
play I'm just so excited to see if it's
like a good game and I'm so excited to
progress in the older games the retro
games that I grew up with I'm so excited
to show you those and just have fun
during a game play you know I'm not
silent I don't sit there and like expect
you guys to watch me just for the game
play you guys can see my reactions and I
just put my whole heart and soul into it
I edit my own videos as you my own
thumbnails and I love every minute of it
it's it's amazing and it's what I want
to do you know I finally found that with
with modeling it was kind of like it's
90% what I want to do because I love the
sexual
but I love the artistic nature of it I
love being able to like make something
up in my head and then all of a sudden I
can do a sexy photo shoot version of it
you know have a lot of concepts in my
head that I just want to always do and I
feel like that is great for a hobby but
when I end up start doing when I end up
like doing it as a full-time career like
I am right now it's kind of it gets
repetitive and it gets domini take a lot
of jobs that you don't necessarily think
are that fun and it's just it's not as
good as being that you know trade work
only model that does all of her own
concepts and stuff like that I have to
actually work for companies that you
know it's not necessarily as fun as it
should be and don't get me wrong like
modeling can fly all over the world engi
like the best most fun jobs it can get
you a lot of money but no it all pales
in comparison to the gaming community
and actually meeting people who you feel
you connect with so that's why I love
gaming in that aspect and in such a
higher capacity than modeling it's
because the people you're surrounded
with you know I don't really feel like I
connect with them you know 90% of the
time don't get me wrong I've met a lot
of cool people in the modeling industry
it's just not like in gaming you know we
for sure have something in common and
when you love gaming as much as I do and
when it's like your main passion you
want to have that in common with people
and it's so hard in everyday life to
find someone who's like a real gamer you
know like I don't say that in
condescending way like oh you're not a
real gamer you're a fake gamer girl I
mean like people who actually play a
diverse amount of games or really get
into a game like Starcraft and love
eSports anything like that it's really
hard to find you know most people are
like yeah I play Super Mario Brothers
back when I was younger and I just kind
of thought of love with gaming because
you know real life came up and those
types of people are not people I really
get along with that much I feel like
people who game and just have their the
more intelligence they have a better
imagination their hobbies like are more
aligned with mine and their goals as
well so that's what I love gaming as
well as just you know playing games
obviously but other than that the
Halloween stream went amazing I looked
pretty hot in the outfit don't you guys
think and I got about a thousand viewers
for the giveaway and then after the
giveaway I played some outlast which is
scariest book and I got to play in the
costume I didn't have to put on straps
or
and I pretty much was freaking out and I
had about 100 viewers for that says 100
800 viewers for that which was really
cool
usually when i stream things that aren't
esports or like an FPS or something you
know I usually get only about like 300
viewers but it was really cool to have
that many people for something like
outlast on Halloween and it was
Halloween night it was extra creepy
everything was just a lot of fun and I
really enjoyed it and I didn't lose my
voice this time so that's a good thing
right
what else is new um I did three new
gameplay videos today I didn't have to
go anywhere otherwise so that was nice I
had a really bad Drive I've been having
a hard time sleeping like again it's so
stupid I wake up in the middle of the
night and then like three or four hours
before I'm supposed to wake up I start
waking up at intervals of like 15
minutes and being really uncomfortable
and not being able to stay asleep and it
sucks it sucks a lot and I don't know
what's wrong with me I've I work out
every day I oftentimes go modeling as
well and then I'll come home and I'll
play a lot of games and I'm definitely
exhausted and tired so it's not like I'm
not just you know sitting around
sedentary and not getting enough
exercise to be tired when I need to go
to sleep it's not like that at all and I
am exhausted like all the time you know
and I don't have coffee or sweets or
anything with sugar right before bed
it's just weird and last night I had
this horrific dream that you know if you
ever had dreams that when you wake up
you're actually a little bit terrified
in real life because you feel like you
start thinking about all the terrible
things that could happen all the
anxieties that could come up like what
if somebody burst in the door right now
where somebody's in my apartment and I
had a terrible dream like that where I
actually had to kill intruders that came
into my house and people were like
stealing all my like people were
constantly breaking into my house and
stealing things and it was really scary
to not feel safe you know I went ice
live in my parents house I often got
that feeling because we lived on the
ground floor we had a house and the
house wasn't in like the best part of
town but definitely wasn't like to get
her or anything but I would always like
fantasize like where my my bed was next
to the window and I was fantasize like
what if somebody is in the yard or
coming to the house and we would have
some creepy people on the street
sometimes and that always freaks me out
so now it's a little bit better that I'm
actually up high and in an apartment
where it's like oh if someone comes in
and tries to rape and murder and
everything then I'm one of like a
billion units right so that's a little
bit better but I don't know and it's so
weird like when I play outlast and I'm
scared in real life I actually have a
love/hate relationship with fear it's
like part of me actually gets kind of
like Oh fear is cool I want to push on
it you know like when you have that
tooth that like kind of hurts you know
let's say you have a tooth that kind of
hurts and you just keep pushing on it
for some reason it's like you don't like
the pain really but you kind of do and
just keep doing and you can't stop doing
it
you can't stop biting down on it or
pushing it with your tongue or whatever
it's kind of like that it's like I want
to push myself and see how scared I can
get but at the same time you know I
don't scared as scared right so that's
kind of where when I'm like I was
talking about my fetishes in an earlier
video than RTV and it's like it's kind
of weird when you have a fetish that is
like a bad feeling but you're like oh
this kind of turns me on this is cool
you know that kind of thing okay and
it's been like fucking eight minutes I
can see right there it's a 749 or
something
um so I'll let you guys go I've been
rambling for a while but I just had a
lot to tell you my parents came over
this weekend you get to meet them in the
blog from yesterday which was cool they
just stopped by briefly I see them
sometimes not usually we don't usually
go out and do anything anymore we used
to go to the fair the pillow Fair every
year and this is the first year we
didn't go which was kind of sad um
because I think it was out of town or
something I don't know but yeah I I have
this relationship with my parents where
it's not like oh my god we're so close
but I have nothing against them you know
like they aren't people that I would
consider to be like friends like I can
go and feel like on an intellectual
level we get along and we need to talk
about everything and I can confide
anything in them but at the same time I
my dad's funny and my mom is really
helpful with me always like supporting
me when she when I need it and all that
stuff and they're not bad people it's
just I kind of understand the difference
between a friend and a family member and
a family member like they were there for
me they did a lot for me but we don't
connect on the level where we need to be
talking all the time so that's kind of
why I don't see them like every weekend
or talk to them on the phone
every week for like hours like some
people do with their parents but yeah I
have no complaints with the way I was
raised I actually really like the way
they raised me when if I was ever have
kids I would probably take a lot of
notes from their book and innovate on
some that they did
we got a long vlog hopefully you guys
didn't just like I don't know I bet I
think like the audience retention I have
is like really low I think most people
just like listen for a little bit like
oh fuck this bitch it like turn it off
but it's amazing I also did at Terry
it's comments today which is cool
lost my virginity to dead space and lost
my virginity to serious Sam - I didn't
get to stream which sucked
I went tanning and some other errands
and yeah I hope you guys have a
wonderful day I will see you guys later
bye
Wow the hard I will
