hello I'm talking will be selfie doing a
vlog actually my parents are here for to
give me just money for my birthday sir
awful parents apparently I'm too old to
get presents no I'm just kidding they
let me choose money or presents so yeah
yeah and I got tampons and I wonderful
this like my favorite president for this
right now say hi hi that's my mom hi dad
hello dad that's my dad my they were
just arguing like not my mom my dad but
my roommate and my dad and then they
stopped that's why I started vlogging so
that I'd be funny I don't know notes you
Rufinus I'm just gonna keep rolling hey
why do you want to see where his penis
pizza Audrina's warmer it's a penis
warmer see little right there goes a
little notch there and a little notch
definitely it's a little big well she
didn't realize you take the bees read
the piece please it took the piece you
passed me his piece creepy i don't know
we're talking about so dad you said you
could beat him up why don't you do it
that's the same thing not mentally
prepared right off i mention this book
you have yeah i got blue Krait is so
fucking awesome though because of that
yeah it's really good and it's like a
serious are you trying to get out of the
shot yeah i want because it's it at
least your hair and then you're like
glasses you click on dirt and yeah I
takes to charville pictures but it's not
a picture on the video I do it well
that's even worse oh my god she's hiding
behind the you don't don't break it you
almost broke it so do you guys watch my
stream last night no it was work we had
100 trick-or-treaters I had a thousand
people watching me on halloween not
going out a hundred trick-or-treaters
God entry we had zero
you actually count down 15 you twerk
there's no twerking mommy twerk I don't
work I know what that is dear boy
tortillas don't shoo shoo Malaysia short
oh oh no ok after it ok so I have to
tell the story again no when I was
younger I gotta do it I gotta do it
seriously I've walking shown you they're
gonna just a dollar you'll ever get last
dollar I'll ever get it's worth it so i
told i told my mom then fellatio was a
type of like pilates right so she goes I
didn't know what yeah yeah if she didn't
know it wasn't she goes and she said um
to her friend at work she's like yeah
and the kids always say that I own
Mary's doing her fellatio is again did
she know did she know like whatever did
she know what it was I don't understand
why your friends know what that is
that's pretty disturbing actually now
that I think about it but yeah I didn't
know so it's pretty awful you just
thought it was making something up but
that's silly that's wrong all right I
should stop this as a silly I'm
embarrassing my mom she's not giving you
a dollar again yeah ever so what a day
zombies are Satan's soldiers they do so
what it says the type o-negative was
safe soldiers type o-negative blood type
and all the group the group what are you
talking about what is hang on you know
no all right never like not once The
Walking Dead attacked churches for one
good reason it's where the food is
churches was same zombies are not out to
invade God's house the inevitable
onslaught hands of course nothing to do
with a supernatural no there's zombies
you Serena long okay bye guys
wha da dard i well made
