I am totally wearing my Halloween
costume the day before Halloween because
I'm going I'm uploading a new RTV today
in my Halloween costume in you know
celebration of Halloween why not alright
so basically it's gonna be about
fetishes and it's already up because I'm
doing this I'm gonna pose this on
Halloween instead of the day before
Halloween
so I its pre-emptive and it's not the
same day but yeah I was wearing these
gloves pretty hot gloves are like half
hand gloves and I was using this to to
hit people including myself and now I am
just like a military awesomeness oh yeah
so hot look at maybe abyss and look and
my waist and boobies in this it looks
pretty hot don't you think I think so I
definitely think so so what's up with
you guys are you guys having a fun pre
Halloween Day are you guys having fun on
Halloween since it's Halloween right now
when I'm posting this what is going on I
this is how I make videos by the way
here is what I wrote out little you know
guide oh and someone just sent me the
walking dead what a perfect Halloween
gift I'm so happy now accept gifts add
to my game library um not not much is
new I finished all of my shooting with a
certain company that I've been working
with a lot this week so that I don't
have to do it next week because next
week is my birthday and I'm also going
to LA for a couple days
not for Blizzcon but to see people who
are at mozcon i have to get my visa
before going out of the states to where
i am going do you guys like red lips a
lot of people say it's too much makeup I
kind of like it I'm going to take this
off so I can stream without my head
being terribly red and stuff
okay so how are you guys doing and let
me know down in the comments of what you
guys did for Halloween or you guys are
doing for Halloween right now or
tomorrow so I don't know when it's gonna
be up I think I'm gonna be posting it on
Halloween so tomorrow I'll be posting
this and yeah I don't know loads of
stuff going on I'm gonna be traveling
my birthday I want to get a facial for
my birthday not that kind of facial you
fucking sick perverts like a skin facial
you know what to have really nice skin
when I go out of the country in like two
or three weeks and what else do I want
to do tomorrow is the hearthstone
giveaway or today actually so if you're
not watching that right now you should
go over there and see if I'm still live
because this isn't the past and I'm
talking about the future the future I
did a lot of cleaning today of my house
like crazy cleaning
I fucking hate doing it and I'm thinking
about getting a maid but I had to do it
right I have to have a clean house it's
so weird because I hate cleaning yeah at
the same time if shit isn't clean I
fucking go crazy I hate it so much I I
really think this outfit is like super
hot the whole military thing going on
I love military outfits and that's
something that I talked about in the
fetish video it's just like it shows an
amount of discipline that I like and
it's also just really hot like for a guy
to be like made up that way with like
maybe you know gel in his hair parted
all formal it's kind of hot and it's
like when you think about military men
from any country of like any kind
they're really just like solemn and
disciplined and they'll discipline you
and it's just hot right it's fucking hot
like I don't think there's any girl who
doesn't find a man in uniform at least
some kind of uniform like really sexy so
I'm going to challenge you I have 7%
female viewers and if there's any female
viewers watching this let me know in the
comments if you guys think that men in
uniform are hot because I definitely do
I want to go for my cheat meal cuz I've
been eating really healthy this week and
I'm hungry as shit and what else is
going on
I'm finally playing outlast again okay
so when I played outlast my roommate
came home and scared the shit out of me
and then I ran after him looking for him
and he was gone like vanished in thin
air into thin air I was looking
everywhere looks fine curtains I looked
outside I looked on both of the
balconies I looked on the couch and the
bed on her blankets and he was actually
somewhere on the couch under a red
blanket and my couch is red so I totally
didn't see him which was like ridiculous
and I'm also doing a loot crate giveaway
that I talked about already you guys
just have to tell me how you would
zombie apocalypse in the most unique or
sexy or nerdy or fun way and I'm going
to choose winners in a couple days
it'll be a couple days I want to give
everyone the chance to submit theirs and
I'm gonna pick first second and third
and then I'm gonna make a new video
announcing the winners and then I'm
going to message the first guy and if
the first guy doesn't respond in like a
couple days I'm gonna go to the second
guy so like if you're not picked us
first second and third might have a
chance as well so it'll be fun things
will be fun I'm loving the giveaways I
don't really know why all of a sudden
I'm doing giveaways basically I think
it's just because I got the beta key and
then I got two more babies from zooming
games when they found out I was doing a
giveaway and so I'm like cool and beta
keys let's do a giveaway I love doing
giveaways for you guys and then
afterwards I found out from loot crate
that all the loot crate affiliates can
give away a one month subscription so
I'm like Oh more free shit to give out
to viewers that's awesome so I like I
like giving you guys things because why
not you guys deserve things for watching
me just ramble and be silly
often often I can't even talk you see I
got that double shooting going on oh
that was so hot oh god you guys always
say Oh Tara there's nothing you could do
to be ugly but I highly doubt that
you're right about that I mean like I
generally try not to look ugly but I
feel like if I just let like myself do
stupid shit like push my head back and
get myself a double chin make funny
faces I don't think you guys think I'm
hot you guys are silly it doesn't even
matter right um I don't know what else
is there
I'm nervous about traveling I haven't
travelled for like months and I don't
like to travel so and I'm nervous about
the job that the perfect job that I have
when I'm going out of the country and a
couple of weeks really nervous I don't
really even know how I can prepare for
something like that so it's just like oh
my god so stressful but I think it was
you okay and I hope you guys will be
rooting for me and not hating on me and
stuff it'll be wonderful so I'm going to
leave and I'm going to remind you that
if I am still on right now you should go
check WWE
Tara Babcock TV I might still be
streaming and at the end of the stream
of me giving weak hearts deBakey's so
happy Halloween and have a good day
night whatever
ha ha dad I will
