warning although there is no nudity this
video contains sexual topics viewer
discretion is advised
so in celebration of Halloween and this
awesome general punishment outfit I'm
going to tell you guys some of my weird
fetishes but here's a little disclaimer
before we start my fetishes might be a
little bit weirder than most so we are
delving into a part of me this a little
bit darker and I'm totally not going to
justify it or try to make it politically
correct fuck it and for those of you who
try to shrink me to find out what's
wrong with me you guys are gonna have a
field day today good luck have fun let's
start this off with something light that
you guys probably already know I love
muscles but we're not just talking about
any muscles here we're talking about
ifbb pro bodybuilder steroid using arms
thicker than my waist muscles like this
I love feeling tiny and helpless and
protected I love being thrown around
another that you guys already know is
Germans not just the language in the
look but the stereotype as well being
told what to do the aggression bei guys
already know that one all right
let's step it up a bit shall we I like a
little pain things like choking and hair
pulling obviously but also stuff more
bondage like tying up slapping and
pretty much anything that doesn't leave
a permanent mark
another thing is masks holy shit masks
are hot for this one simply just see
Slipknot those masks and outfits Plus
Korey Taylor's voice equals all of
Slipknot getting laid for sure or
killers like Jason double ski mask and
jumpsuit thing is like so sexy I prefer
not to see what they look like
underneath though this also stems from
lacking aggression and domination but at
the same time I kind of want to
fantasize about what's underneath
cuz it's probably gonna be hotter in my
head than it is in real life and while
this is not an invitation I've also
thought it would be really cool to die
by getting raped and murdered by some
really cool like hacksaw masks a guy gas
masks are hot too for the same reason I
get a lot of crushes on anime and
cartoon characters they give me so much
hotter than guys in real life there's
also specific music that has strong
sexual undertones for me usually it's
songs that would remind me of something
that would be playing in a crazy vampire
nightclub while everyone's having a
vampire orgy in things like Blaine a
perfect example of this is passenger by
Deftones featuring Toole vocals the
lyrics are even hyper sexual a lot of
this music is creepier and darker with
Deftones e2 Lee a perfect circle a type
vocals no one can do creepy sexy like
Moreno and Maynard and then there's the
more sadistic creepy murder metal type
music that I fantasize though Exhibit A
Slipknot the virus of life or Slipknot's
the nameless oh and pretty much anything
by Rammstein or mega hares it's pretty
much just any kind of metal music the
aggression and emotion is so hot I even
have a playlist on Spotify called songs
I want to fuck - man masturbation is
another one that's really hot to me
especially if I'm peeping on a hot guy
or someone I actually know see the manga
knows Oh Keanu exactly like that and
while I like being dominated by a manly
man and told what to do I also like
virgins and nerdy guys it's such a
turn-on to take a guy who's never had a
girl I can be in completely blow his
mind
I am general punishment reporting to
show this new what great sex is really
like video games a guy who plays and his
good at video games is an instant
turn-on and this doesn't mean that I
would fuck every pro gamer but it means
that they get unique points to put them
closer to that point obviously there are
other factors than just my weird
fetishes being really smart or a badass
that something is also a turn-on to me
depending on your level of intelligence
in badassery you can totally earn
yourself some playtime men in uniform
are hot especially military ones and the
way people dressed around the 30s 40s
and 50s the army quarter was so hot back
then why do you think I love Captain
America
alright now that you have a little taste
of the weird things that I like what are
yours let me know down in the comments
and happy Halloween okay you can have
one more look at the outfit before I
sign off happy Halloween
ha ha Darth I well made
