hey guys you'll have to excuse my
apartment it's a mess and I've been
zombified a zombie bit me on the face
I'm wearing an e Walking Dead t-shirt
it's the most amazing thing ever oh and
I'm infected confirmed so I'm gonna turn
into a some kind of something here hold
on I turn on some lights why not okay so
here is where I did the filming of my
loot crate unboxing for this month and
I'm doing a giveaway on my main channel
for the actual nerdy show mattel
unboxing of loot crate for this month I
am going to be giving away a lootcrate
subscription as well as this hold on ah
right here now this is a Valentine's Day
card this is I love your guts and your
brains are kind of awesome too or
something like that something really
zombie-like and in the spirit of
goodwill I'm going to actually fill this
out and send this to the person who wins
the loot crate competition for the loot
crate subscription and I'm going to draw
something cute inside it's gonna be like
a an early Valentine's Day gift for you
guys it just gonna be awesome so whoever
wins you have to let me know down in the
comments of the but not this video not
this video if you posted here I won't
even look at it well look at it they'll
be annoyed that you didn't post in the
right spot okay so in the video for the
unboxing it's going to be cold I think
no you show until number 6 I think it is
loot crate giveaway I want to know how
you guys would survive a zombie
apocalypse in the most creative gay
marine erdi fun sexy way so the winner
again we'll get a lootcrate subscription
as well as this from me an early
Valentine's Day gift and Luke rate is
awesome this month I got bit on the face
I got confirmed as a fucking vampire
vampire zombie and I got these cool like
little retro 8-bit little icons there's
one that's like that's like a healing
ration which is amazing as well as much
other stuff I got this is the coolest
part the zombie survival guide it's a
huge book actually on how to survive a
zombie apocalypse and it's a new york
times bestseller and every
it's freaking awesome i love lootcrate
every month they get better and better
it's amazing I just love it so much what
else is there to tell I'm having some
issues with loading video footage from
my like actual HD camera which this is
an HD camera too so my big bulky HD
camera that's unnecessary anymore with
lots of settings um into my computer
like there's like a some kind of file
share things that does it for me and
it's not fucking working why is this
open I don't understand oh my god magic
shit life is good got some good shit
going on in life but I gotta go because
I got to do a million things I just
wanted to tell you about the giveaway
and do a little quick oh this is my
favorite car of all time 57 Chevy it's
fucking amazing i have it there and it's
like like okay if you open this it's
really dusty if you open this you can
actually see into the you know the
engine the wheels the wheel actually
turns is front-wheel drive it's fucking
amazing is got a little stick shift the
doors open there's like a trunk trunk
with a spare spare tire in it i fucking
love that car if i had a real version of
that car i would shit bricks here's my I
Dream of Jeannie complete collection I
love Jeannie and fucking oh my god so
sexy that story I'm always like I wish I
Anna's genie if you guys do the porno I
started watching it then the person I
was watching it with turned it off I was
like yeah so yeah see you guys soon bye
wha da dard I well made
