hey guys I'm super excited because i
love the fact that i moved my our tvs
and my Instagram videos to my can't talk
today to my vlog channel I was really
skeptical at first about doing that
because I thought that maybe they
wouldn't do as well and they don't do as
well but at the same time I do have a
really engaging audience on my a
terribad park blogs channel which is the
perfect place for tough topics like
fapping right I'm sorry I haven't done
like a lazy type vlog in a while it's
because I've been so busy editing and
making content for my gaming channel and
making more high quality content for my
vlog channel which is really awesome
because my blog channel every single
thing on that channel is created using
my iPhone and that's how it's always
going to stay like even the fapping
video the really like high production
one where I actually had a tripod and
stuff that's how good it looks just
using my phone it's amazing right so
what other things have been going on the
WCS season finals are going on right now
it's pretty awesome I'm excited to start
watching that as soon as I finish this
vlog there in the finals the best of
seven and I'm really excited to see who
wins Naniwa has advanced which means
that you know we have a foreigner going
to blizzcon i'll be at blizzcon but not
inside was called it's weird cuz okay
what happened was I was given a media
pass of course and then I kind of took
it back because I realized that my
roommate had to work and I'm not gonna
go down to blizzcon on my birthday
without like my best friend I want to
spend my birthday with my best friend
and I thought that if I could spend it
with him down there the best way to
spend it would be to go to blizzcon
right that's like a dream I've always
wanted to go to blizzcon um but instead
i'm going to be going down on the third
and leaving on the eighth which is the
day that blizzcon starts so I'll get to
see some of my friends around that time
and i'll get to do an awesome travel
blog which makes me very happy because
trouble vlogs are kind of fun it's like
i'm waiting in between flights for a
layover and stuff like that and i get to
talk to you guys like a crazy person in
public doesn't it sound like fun I think
it sounds like fun and now I have a high
def camera because I have the new iphone
5s so it's not going to be nearly as
low quality you're gonna be able to see
everything in high def and I'm gonna do
vlogs while I'm on the trip I'll only be
gone for about three or four days and
basically what I'm going down there for
good wow I must be hitting puberty here
basically what I'm going down for is a I
have to get my visa for going to on my
trip at the end of november and i also
have to do some things with some friends
so i'm going to be meeting up with some
friends going to be seeing some friends
that are going to blizzcon and just a
bunch of other awesome stuff it's going
to be a wonderful little trip I haven't
been to LA in a couple months and I
think I'm overdue for a trip down there
so that's what's going on next week
that'll be the third that I'm going and
today is the 27th or 28th or something
like that what else is new um I got some
birthday present some early birthday
present so I'm not going to show you
guys is because i'm too lazy to get up
and go get them but I got Garrick and
Jace the two planeswalkers for my two
decks my roommate bought them for me Jay
I'm gonna start referring to miss jay on
my channel because I think you guys know
well enough who jay is going to be it's
gonna be my roommate and um yeah I'm
really excited about that he took
Garrick for friday night magic last week
so I didn't get to play with your kid
but I have to empty sleeves there with
the Garrick sleeve covers and everything
that um fucking deck protectors is that
what they're called yeah and I'm just
really excited to put him into my deck
and actually try that out I didn't
participate in the actual magic
tournament a friday night magic because
I was I didn't have a working deck that
actually worked basically I just relied
on when I could draw enough man and I
didn't have any card draw card cards I
didn't have anything like that that
would kind of circumvent damage that I
would get from just sitting there trying
to draw lands but I don't have any lands
it's awful but my red blue deck is doing
well my green black deck is finally
getting an upgrade with the Garrick and
all that stuff and I think I'm going to
go for the deck is going to be a health
regen deck and a sacrifice creature deck
for the vampire warlord I'm not quite
sure and for those of you who don't play
Magic the Gathering you guys are
probably what the hell is this banter I
don't understand oh my god this jargon
make sense to me I'm sorry about that
i'll stop talking about magic now that's
for another thing so I'm doing a stream
this is going to be my vlog rendition of
the more high production when I did for
my gaming channel just two seconds ago
i'm doing a stream on Halloween which is
in like three or four days and i'm gonna
be dressed as general punishment sexy
right i'm going to do a stream in this
and i'm going to be giving away a
hearthstone beta k at the end so on
halloween if you're not going out which
it shouldn't because it's like a
thursday night don't be a fucking douche
and frat boy asshole Jesus to an end to
my stream where i'll be giving away
hearthstone beta key at the end to
someone i don't know if it's gonna be a
subscriber just a regular person and i
was thinking about going to Berlin at
some point I'm really excited to go to
Germany so I might actually think about
going to Berlin while I'm on the trip
that I'm going on already but now I have
to go play outlast I'm gonna go play
Resident Evil 6 for the first time for
losing my virginity and I'm gonna go
edit some videos so yeah have a
wonderful night it's beautiful outside
there's a Sun sets everything is
wonderful and I'm happy I'm just happy
to be home I'm gonna hate it when I
start traveling I always hate traveling
but once I get there it's not nearly as
bad and then I have this weird like
urgency when I'm coming home to just
like get home see my roommate like CJ
and be home and sleep in my bed so like
on the way back that whole day is like
torture to me because I'm like sitting
there going like oh my god you know I
just saw this flight forever wises play
not going why's it not landing and I
have like a huge fear of flying that I
guess I developed when I started
traveling alone sighs did not travel
alone but now that I don't trouble with
Jay as much I'm afraid of flying which
is kind of silly because I don't have
anyone there to comfort me it's really
scary I don't sit in the the window
seats I don't do that and like any kind
of turbulence just like freaks me out i
have like this crazy anxiety the whole
time i'm on the plane kind of similar to
like you know adrenaline like my heart
is always pounding and I'm like thinking
about what I should do if the plan
starts crashing and like
if I should I don't know just like slit
my own throat her something i don't know
i hope that it would be to die that way
like I saw the gray is that what it was
called I don't know it was lit with Liam
Neeson and they were like some some guys
traveling on a plane and the plane
crashed and there were guys it really
half we split in half then they had to
fight these wolves yeah that was
definitely the gray they had to fight
these wolves right that like would not
leave them the fuck alone that was their
main problem they all died from wolves
like okay you survived a plane crash now
you're fucking dead by wolves I know
that would happen to me I'm going over
the ocean and I would the same thing
would happen but it would be with sharks
I know it I've got international travels
definitely not for me especially with a
three legs trip that's gonna be pretty
terrible but i think this video i use
less likes you guys should put in the
comments how many likes i use that were
not you know akin that do not mean that
i think i did less i did a couple ohms
but i think i'm getting better overall
at my speech and kind of being coherent
and having a cohesive thoughts because
usually i'm jumping around but like 20
different topics at the same time you
know it's really hard for me not to I
don't know why I feel like I a TD but
like everyone says that right so it's
not like it could be true anyway thanks
for watching I will see you next vlog
and don't forget to post in the comments
any time you want what kind of our TVs I
should be doing our TV stands for random
topic video and last one I did was feel
free to fap which is all about like
people giving me compliments on my
appearance or jacking off me whatever
like all those kinds of things on how I
feel about it which I feel perfectly
fine too in summation basically and yeah
if you guys want to know anything else
about me I think one of the ones i'm
going to be doing pretty soon is why i'm
not gonna have children also I already
did why don't have a boyfriend and I'm i
do why I'm never going to get married
but I kind of feel like that's beating a
dead horse based on like sexuality and
relationships so there's anything else
like maybe religion I don't really want
to touch religion or veganism I feel
like that those two things kind of
ruined my vision of other people
depending on the answers and the
responses that I get and I don't want to
like getting heated arguments and people
there's a few things that I have very
strong opinions on you know um yeah I'm
gonna go play games living the dream
right bye
ha ha ha die well made
