if you send me a full body shot that's
nude with a dick pic do not expect it to
not be in the video so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to my 300k
cool video announcement video I'm gonna
be announcing the terms of the really
awesome celebration that we're going to
be having for my 300,000 subscriber
event it's a life event it really is I
could not be more excited that you guys
got me here even though I'm having so
many issues with youtuber ad pocalypse
with all of their new rules and the fact
that they really don't want people like
me on the site anymore I'm still gaining
three to five thousand subscribers new
subscribers every single month so I know
there are people out there that enjoy my
content and even if there weren't that
many people I would still be making it
because I myself fucking love doing it I
couldn't see myself doing anything else
other than maybe twitch streaming which
I always hold as my second tier hobby
anyway we haven't reached 300k yet we're
very close as of recording this video I
think I'm like 300-400 out so it might
take like a week to get there but I want
to get ahead of the game my patrons
already know what I'm gonna be doing for
300,000 and now I want to let you guys
know and let you guys know how you can
be a part of it I'm gonna be doing two
videos the first video is gonna be open
to everyone on YouTube and Vimeo hi guys
I'm vid me and the second one will be
open to every patron of every tear
starting at $1 on my patreon patreon
home slash Tara Babcock if my $1
subscribers over it vid me thank you
guys want to move over to page around
for a month I totally understand that
just to partake in this I wish there was
an easier way to get you guys I'm on it
too
thank you to all of you who contribute
whether just commenting or helping me
out on patreon or bid me I really
appreciate you guys and as of recording
this video all patrons should have the
post up on patreon with all the
information on how you guys can do the
patreon side of things and also
participate and the one that's open for
everyone so let's talk about the video
that's open for everyone this is gonna
be a question or dare kind of like truth
or dare but with my Dwight question
theme so here's how you're gonna lay it
out in the comments section of this
video you're gonna post a question for
me and a dare for me I'm gonna take as
many of them as I think is feasible and
I'm gonna choose either your question or
your
I'm gonna do my absolute best to take a
lot of dares and a lot of questions I'm
not just gonna be answering all your
questions being a pussy
and I'm not just gonna be doing all
dares and not answering the juicy
goodness that is your questions ask me
anything I really stress at this time no
holding back but also no doing that like
stereotypical shit like will you please
do porn like how many times has someone
asked me that seriously
I have a whole video on it's a very
popular video also for the dares
obviously I can't do anything nude I
can't do anything I wouldn't be able to
do on YouTube no massive violence no
gore I'll try out pranks I'll try out
weird things as long as I feel
comfortable doing it I will try to push
the boundaries of what I feel
comfortable for for you guys for this
video just for a little bit of extra
entertainment because thank you so much
for being entertained by all of my
videos throughout these years I'm gonna
be posting a comment in the comment
section also put it in the description
and pinning the top comment with the
layout of how I want you guys to ask
that's where I'm gonna be taking all of
my public truth or dare aka question or
dare posts from other than of course the
post on patreon that is gonna go up at
the same time this video goes up or a
little bit earlier okay now for the
second video it is gonna be a patron
only smash or pass now I'm not gonna
talk too much about this on here because
I'm gonna have a whole post on patreon
telling you guys how to do it basically
I'm gonna give you my patreon only email
with a password so you guys can send
your selfies to me and I want to stress
and I'm gonna stress in the post as well
by the way if this video is up its up so
if you want to become a patron and
support now that's totally fine too you
can start now it's gonna take me like a
week or two to get this all together so
you have time so anyway I cannot stress
enough that you guys have to be ok with
criticism you guys have to be ok with a
hard pass if you envision yourself
sending me a picture and you envision
yourself getting super butthurt or super
offended or you don't think you're
strong enough emotionally to handle a
strong pass a hard pass even if you
think you're like the hottest guy in the
world and you think that's not gonna
happen to you or the hottest girl please
girls send me pictures if you don't
think you can handle it
do not enter and again if you think
there's no way I'm gonna pass on you I
often have very weird standards and the
fact that I have weird standards just
highlights more how trivial it is if I
want to fuck you or not it's just my
personal preference that has nothing to
do with you as a person sad that I have
to say this but I really do so anyway
we've got the 300
subscriber and patreon free-for-all a
question or dare and we have the 300k
patreon only Smasher pass video I think
this is a really nice compromise between
subscribers smash and pass which I know
would hurt a lot of butts and it would
just be I don't know it would just come
off as really rude probably even though
you guys are consenting to sending in
your pictures so many people do stuff
like this and they're just not honest so
that sets the bar for dishonesty and
lying and being overly nice and then
when someone like me comes in who's
super blunt and is actually gonna say
what they mean with full honesty and
disclosure makes me look like an asshole
I know what's best for you guys I know
how not to hurt your butts anyway this
video has gone on for long enough I just
want to say thank you in advance for the
300k subscribers you guys are fucking
amazing patrons if you're watching this
the post for you guys is already up I'll
be taking my question or dares from
patrons on that post not here so if
you're a patron you might want to put it
over there because that will get you a
little bit more exclusivity on top of
that you'll have all the information you
need to send in your selfie to my email
so I can personally smash or pass you
it's gonna be fun
oh by the way the picture has to be PG
enough for me to use it in the video so
I'm gonna be using the pictures in the
video again I'll say this as loud as I
can I will be using your pictures in the
video they will not be private if you
send me a full body shot that's nude
with a dick pic do not expect it to not
be in the video I will just blur that
part out and post it anyway nothing is
private for the first time in my life
I'm letting you guys know if you sext me
you're getting outed cool we got that
all settled let's fucking celebrate from
the bottom of my cold dark and
dilapidated hearts you are the extended
family I never knew I could love so much
thank you
wrack your brains for good dares good
truths and sexy pics of yourselves I
know you can do it let's make this one a
good one
