hi I'm Tara Babcock and I have a public
service announcement for you guys a lot
of you have asked me in the past how I
feel about people quote unquote
objectifying me by only talking about my
looks
and if it bothers me this has never
really made sense to me it's like if I
work as a model a career based around my
appearance and I wear clothes like I do
wouldn't you think I'd be happy to get
compliments well you'd be right but for
some girls it feels like it's like the
complete opposite hence the my eyes are
up here statement I work really hard on
my figure and appearance just like I do
with the content that I make here on
YouTube for you guys or anything else
that I do and I do like receiving
positive feedback after all that effort
simple as that but I do however
understand that some girls want to be
taken seriously or valued for more than
just their appearance well guess what
girls it's really hard to view inner
beauty that's why a lot of people dress
the way they want to be perceived and
act a certain way to make people think
accordingly about them personally I
think that the way I dress has nothing
to do with who I am as a person I work
hard and I love metal music that doesn't
mean I wear a business suit or clothes
that are all black that hold fat in
school or you had to dress like a rocker
to be a rocker never made sense to me
the way I see it I dress the way that I
feel sexiest and most comfortable and
that has nothing to do with my
personality I'm not a stereotype and I
hope you aren't either so where people
go wrong basically is assuming that
someone is a certain way just because of
the way they look or their book cover
sure stereotypes do exist but there's an
exception to every rule and every rule
is meant to be broken so going back to
commenting on someone's appearance
there's two types of ways that you can
do it in an objectifying way and in an
admiring way here are some examples you
are so beautiful obviously just
admiration right thank God you have nice
tits or you would have no subs that's
obviously objectification insinuating
that there's nothing more to a person in
their looks damn girl nice titties this
one's up to interpretation but I believe
that if the person is serious and not
sarcastic he's just trying to say you
have very nice breasts lighten up now
the underlying problem here is that many
women take all of these comments in the
negative way because as I've said before
they want to be taken seriously and they
want people to see them as more than
just their appearance so they end up
taking comments that are meant to be
positive as negative things like oh my
god all anyone ever talks about is made
boos why don't they see how smart I am
well my advice to you lovely lady is to
just be yourself
work hard be genuine actually
personality and show people you have a
personality don't just dress a certain
way that mirrors respect in order to get
respect garner respect take it earn it
that's kind of like kids drinking coffee
to pretend to be adults if you want
people to respect you for your great
personality and your work ethic show it
and you got to always understand that
people are gonna see your appearance
first no matter who you are or what
you're doing people have eyes not into
your soul now let's get to the fun part
fapping so people always ask how do you
feel about tons of guys jacking off to
you my first reaction is they are cool
it's pretty fun and flattering that I
can get that kind of mmm rise out of
people without even doing porn it's like
the ultimate tribute to sexiness if I
can make someone feel that way to be
honest it might be weird but logically I
see no reason for it to bother me at all
so the moral of this story is I like
getting compliments based on anything
that I do whether it be my appearance
and improvement in gameplay my modeling
photos or my hard work on YouTube videos
doesn't matter to me
it's all the same and remember feel free
to fat buy worth ethic fucking penises
work ethic
why well
