hey guys i have been playing video games
all day again but i had to go do a
really quick shoot it's one like 45
minutes which was nice because then i
got to come home and play today i stream
some hearthstone again and then I played
some DOTA off stream with Keller and I
learned better i'm playing now the
crystal something she's like the blonde
looking one that kind of looks like me
like if you had to choose a DOTA
character that looked the most like me
she would probably be it i would think
so yeah and um then I did my Tara Reid's
comments number 999 which is gonna be
funny it's gonna be good i have to cut
it though and that's one of the ones it
takes a little bit longer I was supposed
to do my tara talks today right but i
woke up and like there's this insane
drilling and I'm like what the fuck is
that knowing that that's almost inside
my house drilling into the wall with
like a power drill and then I realized
that it's my neighbors are drilling into
the wall that separates us and I've
never heard neighbor noise ever I mean
there was this one time that there was
like a rave right next to the bedroom
wall in my bedroom and like that I did
here because it was really loved it it
was so like minor you just hear the beat
you couldn't hear what kind of music
they were listening to or anything and
yeah so that was the one time we do have
really thick walls here i guess you can
hear what's going on in the like in the
hallways and stuff but definitely not
from like your neighbors so what else is
there to talk about i don't know i
posted a funny video today on instagram
and twitter you can find me on both of
those acts tara babcock and it was about
me why I don't mind boob comments like
oh my god boobs are like huge boobs or
like tears all about booze well I guess
Tara is all about boobs is something I
don't like because obviously that's not
all i'm about and to say that is to kind
of be like literally disrespectful i
mean i think the only reason people
think that talking about a girl's body
is disrespectful is because it
insinuates that that is all the thurs to
look at or that's all there is to the
person and that's all the matters and
that's kind of rude you know like you
want someone to take you like at first
when you see someone of course you're
going to be looking at their looks
because that's all there is that you can
act like tell about you don't know that
they're a good person you don't know
that they do charity or what
not so I mean it makes sense for you to
be like oh you're so beautiful or
something like that and that shouldn't
be offensive even though it is offensive
some girls because they're stupid I
don't know I don't know how to explain
my gender I apologize to all the men out
there who have had to deal with crazy
feminist bitches I apologize I do not
identify it all with this gender but I
understand where they're coming from in
terms of sexist comments meaning to
degrade rather than to you know be like
oh you're so beautiful and actually mean
it and just mean like okay part of you
is beautiful and I'm sure the other part
is too but I don't know about it you
know that type of thing but that's
mostly why people don't like that or
women don't like that is because they
think that it insinuates so that's all
they are which is fucking stupid right
but some men do use it that way like on
my stream and stuff they'll be like oh
nice boobs whore you know and that's
obvious that they're trying to degrade
you then other people just being like
ter you have magnificent cleavage and
being respectful there there's no reason
why you shouldn't be able to say that
especially to someone who is a model
like myself who that's what I do for a
living so shouldn't be bad I'm trying to
say less likes as well I'm consciously
trying to take the word like out of my
vocabulary unless I mean akin to or
something but I'm failing a little bit
anyway so I posted this picture where
I'm commenting on this other guys okay
my second tofu is like frying have to go
do shit to it so i posted a picture
where I'm conversing on his pics
and I'm like dude get the fuck off and
like fat pass out and he's like my
friend so he knows oh I just said like
20 times it was something Oh wonderful
but yeah I may be so good for my
roommate ah and yeah what was I saying
oh I posted that picture to show why I
don't mind boob comments cuz i am like
the same type of perv you know but
obviously only do it's my friends and
guys who obviously understand what i
mean i'm not just a big dick or get the
fuck off or tips or get the fuck off
unless the person knows me obviously
what else I don't know people need to be
more logical in life that's definitely
for sure I used to think that leg okay
when I grow up all the adults are going
to be really intelligent and everyone's
gonna be logical and have this certain
level of common sense and then I
realized that like kind of all the
people I know and this doesn't this is
not meant to sound narcissistic or
conceited or anything like that but I'm
one of the smartest people I know in
America Americans are so fucking stupid
it's ridiculous like I got you guys you
guys are awesome because you're so
awesome please use at least a negligible
amount of common sense when you post
somewhere when you talk to people when
you just do things generally in life and
just making choices based on let's say
stereotypes or traditions or what you
were taught but not necessarily what you
see facts of that just drives me crazy
and that's why i started doing our tvs
which i need to pick up again for this
channel the vlog channel i'm gonna do
why don't want to have kids why don't
want to get married why don't do porn I
kind of covered that already but i
haven't uploaded it yet and just a bunch
of other things it's like my philosophy
on life like practical things that you
would use in life why I'm a vegan I
don't really want to touch that one
because I don't like having that
argument is that when I'm a little bit
too passionate about and I'm sober
enough right now in my point of view to
know that I probably shouldn't get into
that argument because usually when I
argue with people or when I post
something online it's like I'm so
confident in myself and how I feel and
what I believe that I don't give a shit
what anyone else says you know it
doesn't offend to me doesn't hurt me I
don't actually get flustered when I see
comments that are against me but with
that it's so I'm so
passionate about it and so emotional
about it and it's like almost to the
point where if someone makes one of
those kinds of like anti vegan jokes
like oh it tastes good or something like
that just like totally disrespectful to
my opinion I just can't be friends of
them anymore you know so like I don't
talk about it with anyone and that's one
of the things that I haven't shared with
you guys very much as to why I do that
oh yeah maybe someday I will probably
not though because I just don't want to
get into it but everything else you know
I kind of want to share with you guys
and let you guys know how I think so
maybe it'll challenge your own opinions
and your own thoughts and make you think
more if nothing else it will engage
everyone and thoughtful conversation
which is something that I love
philosophy psychology sociology all that
stuff is really interesting to me but I
should go because my Toph is probably
burning and yeah I hope you guys like
this deeper conversation that I had
while laying on the couch after a long
day of gaming and modeling whoo bye guys
