hey guys I just got finished streaming
for 4.5 hours which was a long time my
eyes hurt actually really bad this one
is probably kind of bloodshot because I
have this light you see right here that
I use to make my stream look you know
more professional and it lights my face
up better instead of just being really
dark because it's really dark in my room
here and then it's dark outside usually
when I stream so that's one of the
reasons why my streams always so bright
nice and professional looking and it's
like a little mini photo shoot because
this is actually like a tiny a tiny
shoot like light with a softbox and
everything it's like amazing and I feel
like I'm a tabletop like a model it's
really cute like if you guys have ever
seen anyone take pictures of like a
trophy or a football or something like
that for like a catalog maybe or
anything like that or an advertisement
they gives those kinds of lights and in
a modeling shoot they use those lights
but like huge so it actually like lights
up the whole subject and stuff so I feel
like I'm a little tiny tabletop model
which is cute but eventually it starts
burning my eyes and I have no idea where
my Gunners are but okay basically today
I started streaming out I started
straight-out streaming those words man I
started out streaming hearthstone and I
this is the first time i've streamed
since the the white right so I had to
redo all the tutorials and everything
was good I only lost one game during the
tutorials and during the unlocking so I
didn't lose any during this tutorial but
during the unlocking of all the
characters all the classes I actually
lost one game to the warrior which was
okay because I conceded he had so many
things on the field that I was like okay
I'm just gonna concede and start over
again because I don't have time for this
fucking shit right but then um
Calvin woke up and got on and we started
playing dota which was probably the
funniest thing ever because I'm really
bad at dota and I don't I'm like the
game but at the same time I like Liga
legends so much better because it's so
much more fast paced and what I mean by
fast paced is like when you click the
reaction time to the character from your
click is so much lower in League of
Legends so it's almost like you need the
micro and you can run around really fast
and you can like click a lot and like
all that stuff instead of like pressing
s to stop and like last hit creeps
you can actually click a lot and just
run around
so I'm used to that and I'm used to like
quick reaction times of the character in
the game and dota is so fucking slow so
it's like really hard for me to do and
then there's somebody like weird caveats
to the game right just like the other
game looks cute and it might have more
serious graphics which I don't even like
personally I actually like the cartoony
graphics
um but it's got such weird shit like you
you can buy things when you're not at
home but you have to have a career in
order to bring it to you otherwise it's
in your stash and there's some like
weird really like stupid things you have
to learn about the stash like just a
bunch of things that are not intuitive
to me like I can't explain I'm not gonna
go through and explain like all the
different things that make it really
weird to me and not intuitive and like
not user-friendly I would say and it's
not that the the game is actually harder
in my opinion because there are some
things that make it a lot easier like
for instance I was playing drove and
drove literally like you turn on you
like turn on one of her abilities and
you just right click and then the rest
of her abilities are passive and in
fucking legal items there's not no
characters like that we're just like all
their abilities are passive it's like
the easiest character to play in the
world and like there's actual like lane
specifications like where you're
supposed to be and creep kills matter a
lot more and like yeah you can deny
you're creepy but that just makes it
kind of stupid to me so in my opinion
League Legends is the better MOBA but
I'm trying to get into dota because I
want to love donut like everyone else
loves dota you know like valve that he
is here in Seattle I want to love dota
so that's what I've been trying to learn
but it's so funny being taught by Keller
because first of all he's played like
dota even Warcraft 3 and he who's like
really good at it and he's like much
better than me and I'm like driving him
down he's like trying to like watch what
I'm doing and teach me at the same time
and then he ends up like dying a couple
times and he's like raging and he's
getting mad at me he's like yelling at
me and instead of me being like hurt or
offended I'm like laughing and it gets
to him even matter that I'm laughing and
like just having a good time like it's
okay that we died whatever and then he's
like the chat is like talking shit about
both of us and he's like explaining the
chat like getting mad at the trolls and
he's like cooking in a banning spree is
pretty funny so yeah I was fun but then
he left and I started playing more
hearthstone and I played my first arena
game or my first arena ethically set
with a rogue which is the class that I
know the least about so I got a couple
like
cards which really fucking cool there's
this one you know where like you do
damage to the other opponents champion
and then if you do it it's like a combo
it goes back into your hand every
fucking turn right so it's amazing um
let me let you in on something right
here is um this is how I convert because
okay with excellent I don't know if you
can with the newest versions but you
can't say if a name MPEG you have to
save an FLV in fod a splash video so I
have to actually I have to like convert
it and then I can edit it and it sucks
because I lose a lot of quality in the
conversion so yeah it takes quite a
while but right now I am also rendering
in this video is losing my virginity
Awesomenauts Awesomenauts it's so fun I
played it today right before I started
streaming and I loved it it was amazing
so I'm gonna upload that right now as
soon as that finishes then I'm gonna get
something to eat I'm gonna go to bed
because even though it's only 7:30 I
woke up at like 6 a.m. or 5 a.m. or
something like that I didn't go to the
gym today which makes me sad but yeah
that was how most of my day went
I I slept in a little bit I woke up at 6
and then I remain went to work and then
I slept in a little bit for like two
hours or something and then I woke up
and I wrote an article for impulse gamer
which was about the unboxing that I
uploaded yesterday the unboxing of the
this hits it actually right here's the
highlight so now you guys have a little
bit more insight into all the things
that I do and how I do them when I'm at
home for the day if I'm doing like
streaming or video things but today was
the day off so I got to just stream and
hang out and I think tomorrow I'll be
streaming as well but I won't be able to
make videos and stuff they have some
other things going on but yeah now you
know now you know a little bit more
about how I operate and how I stream
everything like that it's a lot of fun
but it's also tiring except to edit my
own videos I have to edit my my own
thumbnails I do all of the graphic
design by myself I also do like all of
the graphic design of colors graphic
designs so even though that's like much
simpler and easier and he doesn't really
need like thumbnails for me or anything
it's still like laughs so yeah check out
Awesomenauts thanks for listening to me
rant and talk about my day
and I'll see you guys later Wow
