hello Internet most the time in our mail
deceiving is really dirty but we do
cross street lives like that it was
awesome
we're on our way home from Brandon magic
was my first rodeo magic apparently
you're supposed
or constructed or or draft play and we
go out there to really excite up for
anything so we just kind of played
against each other
which is cool who had also entered the
tournament so is basically like just
feed my roommate play against each other
we just got a counterproductive because
we can just do that at home
great
but it was fun I got to try out my
upgraded
and right back which I was really
excited about because I have so many
like fuck with you smells like it's
really awesome
basically it's mostly like instance and
sorceries and all that's up to like fuck
with you like make you like discard
cards and like counter your or instance
some like that like really annoying shit
that makes it so everything that you do
is just way to like destroy creatures
historian transistor land
I have a couple
I will like you know return stuff
but yeah it seems to be okay but I only
played like one day but then my
miniature ex pretty cool because I have
a couple minutes towards it give all
minute orders that on my in the play
field or whatever like the buffs and
stuff
so I had haste and intimidate and like
plus two or something on all but
minotaurs I had like a million Minotaur
since all I have in the deck pretty much
and then I have a devotion to black mana
black deck which I played which seems
really strong but I haven't really
gotten a chance to play it where I
didn't like draw all lands or no Lance
so that kind of sucked but the cool
thing about it is that there's a certain
like card that I really like that has
its power based on how many sorceries I
used and that's for my blue and red deck
so you can imagine that I have a lot of
sorcery in my graveyard and that's the
power that it takes and this guy just
gave me like three extra runs or two
extra well there's a like that which is
awesome because I only had one I think
one or two I'm not quite sure but yeah
now I can put more of those in my deck
and just kind of have more strong
creatures based on how many instance I'm
using and what else I don't know I think
we're gonna start going there all the
time I don't know if we're gonna go to
that one or a different one the place
was kind of big I took a little bit of
footage that I'll put at the end of this
Friday Night Magic I was pretty good man
everyone's already left because the
tournament is over you usually just be
taking streaks
to play with my updated which has a
strap there just like really quick
footage because I was playing and never
made time even though he takes fucking
forever right I can just talk about him
like he's not even here because this is
like you and me internet we're talking
together gossiping so yeah um but I'm
really hungry now and we're almost home
and I'm just happy to be going home
basically but the day was fun I don't
know I like going you can go now hey
what's wrong
just turn for a while hoping I know
they're going to be available if he's
not gonna go way to go oh yeah fun day I
like I am doing things that are nerdy
because that's like more fun shit
everyone that lives around here has a
dog
so like this little area this like
circular area thing everyone is just
walking a dog because like if you live
here you it's like mandatory to have a
dog but somehow we got in without having
a dog because we're just like that Opie
and it was awesome I was a couple or oh
my god cop I'm not driving whatever so
yeah
but now I'm gonna finally have light to
do so which is stupid stupid um I don't
know I'm gonna start playing some dota
I probably streaming it as well and I'm
gonna be storing more hearthstone I
think I said that in the last video
which should be pretty cool what else
not much else I have to play more
outlast like I have to play it on the
weekends because the weekends never the
only days and I'm actually awake at
night and like and it has to be dark
otherwise it's not as scary and I kinda
want to be alone roll speed ball but if
not it's whatever because if I'm alone
then it's scarier and if I'm not alone I
feel like my roommates gonna scare me
because all the senses scared him and I
literally think that if I'm I'm really
intensely into outlast
and then someone scares me I might just
like fucking like stab them the eyeballs
like cuz we wouldn't you like if some
intruder comes into your house and
starts like raping your mother and like
stuff like that wouldn't you like stab
them in the face
seems like them normally I would I know
like you guys do you think that like I
would go to jail if I explained to the
judge like okay I was playing a scary
game and my roommate scared me and in
self-defense I stabbed him in the neck
like you can't go to jail for that can
you
no I don't think so well whatever so
hahaha died well made
