Oh internet i'm gonna do a walking vlog
because we're going to frys because i
need a cable that charges my xbox
controller and not because i want to
charge it but because i want to have it
wired so i can hook it up to my pc so i
can play outlast for you guys number
five I know has been taking way too long
it's been like two weeks or something
but that game is scary you have to have
some kind of like serious mental drive
in order to want to play that fucking
game it's so crazy and I always get lost
because it disorients the shit out of
you but anyway I need the cord so i can
plug it into the adapter so i can use my
xbox controller because I don't know
using the ps3 controller seems a little
bit dumb because I have to set it up as
if it's an Xbox controller and it really
annoys the shit out of me because I
don't like the Xbox controller nearly as
much as I like the ps3 controller
there's a full moon I wonder if I
stopped the video every time I press one
of the side buttons they like turn up
and down the volume it stops the fucking
video it's so stupid i wish i could like
screenshot everything i'm doing on my
phone so I could like capture gameplay I
think that'd be really cool but anything
you do on the iphone i don't know if
it's every phone under sigh phone stops
the video and this is really tiring i
don't know why it's like I don't stop to
take breaths when I talk so like it's
basically like walking and holding your
breath the same time and we're almost
surprised um what else is going on I've
been really annoyed at everything lately
I don't know why it's just like
everything's been annoying but my
outfit's cute today so that's okay um
what else we're almost there I gotta
think of something before I get there oh
my god um I'm gonna be playing more
hearthstone may be doing stuff like that
and i think i've just been mostly
annoyed that I don't feel motivated to
do things like especially when it's
something that doesn't have like a time
schedule like let's say have to go to
the doctor or have to go to a shoot like
i'll just go there and be there as long
as i have to be and then come home it's
like somebody was structured but when
it's not structured like uploading
videos or streaming i suck at it like I
really suck at it I need like a drill
instructor or like a really angry german
to be like lazy video do it and then I
would do it totally maybe not maybe I
would be like distracted or something I
don't know but yeah we're almost to frys
it's getting closer oh my gosh getting
closer so I'll talk to you guys later
but yeah I can do video at night now
which is pretty cool it's like almost
dark by pulse by god of war ascension
collector's edition it comes with the
Krytos gotta have it craps I mean I have
a moral Kombat like bookends so I got to
have the Kratos right yes it's totally
worth the 80 bucks totally okay so I got
this for my iphone so i can do study
vlogs as well and i think i'm going to
move my our tvs to the vlog channel so
i'll be moving around like this for
regular like daily vlogs and then for
our tvs and stuff like that i'll use
this and it'll be stable cuz this camera
is pretty fucking good it's like as good
as like pointing shoots that people buy
to do vlogs which is cool 1080p and all
that stuff now that i fix the stupid
sound problem also f to rant a little
bit about Microsoft and their fucking
xbox controllers as well as their system
first of all their system is huge and
bulky and they didn't change that for
the xbox one and then the fucking
controllers for the xbox 360 have you
seen the chargers and the like I
remember it being that way but I'm just
like so shocked again that it is that
way it's like some giant like plug in
thing it's giant everything is like so
impractical whereas like the expo or the
the ps3 just has like a tiny like mini
USB to USB and you just charge it that
way easy peasy everything's so small and
compact and sleek and it's better it's
not like you know Apple versus PC it's
like actually factually better and
sleeker and more stylish and if it's in
my hand better so that's why i am a sony
playstation lover just so you know it's
kind of dark now
just can kind of see me oh well anyway I
just wanted to say that and talk about
the new thing that I got guys
