hey guys I just brushed my teeth and I
think I left some toothpaste on my mouth
that's why I just looked that's what
happened um I haven't done a vlog in a
couple days and I wanted to tell you
guys that I think my audio is gonna be
fixed I'm not on represent sure but this
video will tell us whether or not it is
if not I'm gonna take it back because I
phones should not sound like that I know
other people who do blogs with their
iphones and it definitely doesn't sound
weird so I don't see my I don't see why
mine would I have to turn in my old
phone hold on ah look it's my palm of my
hand I've turned in my old phone but
just right here which I'm really
actually sad to do like I didn't want to
do it I was like dude come on just let
me keep it just like I keep it but now I
should probably turn it's not like I'm
gonna use it for anything and as you can
see I've been playing games because my
ear circles are there I just got my hair
done today I was wonderful very
wonderful i love talking to my
hairdresser because we kind of gossip
with each other we're a lot alike like
seriously born very close to each other
and just have a lot of similarities both
left-handed like nobody has left-handed
only cool people like really cool people
are left handed so that is my
prerogative and I think I figured out
what was wrong with the mic it was
actually that I had left you know how
the iphone comes with like this little
plastic protector thing with little like
knobs at the end so that you can pull it
off easily well I left those on because
i don't have my protector my case or my
front protector for my phone yet so I
was like okay in order to keep it from
breaking I'm just gonna deal with this
weird like over wrap thing and I think
it might have been blocking the
microphone in a weird way I also have
another problem every time I try to
launch every time I try to launch um I
was it called the blizzard the blizzard
thing you know it's kind of like steam
for Blizzard now it sucked um where's
your CC
see see what this is he I am playing
diablo i am on the off chance those are
my options it's amazing it's wunderbar
but yeah I don't know what else to tell
you guys I you don't have too much news
tomorrow I'm gonna go to friday night
magic for the first time in my area it's
gonna be wonderful um I think tonight or
tomorrow I have to build my Minotaur
deck so i can bring that as well and
what else is going on in my life not too
much i've been streaming with Kaldor
that's fun he's great it's what am I
don't like to say best friends because I
never could see in real life but I mean
you can get pretty close to someone when
you don't see him that much you know
over the internet when you're spending
all your time talking to them like I do
him which is awesome because he's great
and I didn't like him at first which is
kind of funny but um then I kind of cuz
he he has that he has a weird first
impression that he gives a lot of people
like he's stuck up a rude or something
but I don't know how to explain it but
you would have to like be me and have
the interactions that you've had with
him to know like his non flaws that I
thought were flaws anyway why not even
talking about him because I am there's
guy outside who insists on revving his
motorcycle in the way of my fucking vlog
which is rude as fuck ok so I'm really
just looking at the picture and my vlog
is taking right now and I just can't
believe the high quality can you see my
stomach and HD you guys always get to
see my stomach and my boobies but never
this HD unless it's for my my tara talks
or something in which case there's like
a green screen so it's like a big
fucking deal right
so yeah I mean now that the sound
quality should be greatly improved what
do you guys think of my new vlog taking
machine I don't know why everyone
bitches about iphone like dude elitists
need to stop bitching about how Android
is amazing and be because it's just a
fucking phone and there's nothing wrong
with the iOS I mean I haven't had any
problems and if there were problems it's
just a fucking phone you use it like to
text people and to play games when
you're bored why is our hair inside my
shirt do you see this it tickles my
cleavage so much it's amazing so what is
it something that's funny is like okay
what I'm playing a video game and I
notice that there's hair my cleavage and
move it away because it tickles and of
course because it gives you guys a
better view and like I was someone was
like oh what a fucking whore just trying
to maximize her viewers by moving your
hair out of the way unsubscribe or
something like that and I'm like it
tickles you know but who cares i like
Ted so why wouldn't I be showing them
and then some girls like it doesn't
tickle wow what a slide it's like is it
not a parent that like she's just being
a slut not a slut a bitch like for no
reason because she doesn't like me and
she wants to like discredit when I'm
saying it's so funny like when people do
that it's like like think about it okay
you have something like a feather going
Shh all the time on your skin it tickles
it's factual like there's no way that
some girl can beg I have hair I have
cleavage as well and it just doesn't
tackle the lengths that some people will
go in order to make other people like
look bad or feel bad on the Internet is
quite funny to me because it doesn't
work it just makes me laugh and it's
like well how people must be really
fucking stupid but yeah gonna be
streaming more binding of isaac Diablo
we're also going to be doing dota
starcraft 2 of course and no league
because caldo hates league but i might
do league on the weekends with my
roommate because my roommate likes
league and I like league as well but not
as much as most other games just not
like my favorite but I want to also do
more losing my virginity I need to play
more crossfire I just need to do a lot
of things that I'm not doing right now
which sucks oh I will show you since you
guys never get to see anything
like this i'm going to show you what I
got today because I got my hair done as
i think i said and i bought some new
hair care products why not right I mean
this is all about me it's not just the
the nerdy parts so i got this blonde
angel do you see this like really not
normal packaging like who's gonna be
stupid ok so that's the Sham footnotes
the conditioner i think yeah and this is
the shampoo yeah so there you go I got
those two and i got this again which is
my favorite leave in conditioner
moroccan oil or it's not like a
conditioner it's more like it what is on
my head here okay it's not like a
conditioner it's it's like a leave-in
conditioner leave-in treatment they call
it because it's fancy and these three
items together cost me a hundred dollars
so yeah I spend a lot of money taking
good care of my hair it's really soft
and silky like right now if you just
feel it it feels like angel hair oh it's
so nice and I have no roots anymore
which is wonderful everything is amazing
so yeah I've been talking for seven
minutes but I just really love how HD
this camera is like we're two HD where
tht oh my god so I HD so yeah hi guys
wha da dard i will make
