Oh guys I am doing another awesome blog
with my new and much much better camera
I'm AKA phone my iphone 5s and i am here
today to talk about October's loot crate
theme which is awesome it is survived
obviously so think about like in a
zombie apocalypse right and I'm think
about how is Halloween and it just makes
so much sense so I just want to let you
know that if you sign up be4 October
19th you're going to get in this month
october loot crate which is all about
surviving a zombie apocalypse but what I
wanted to talk to you then but what
makes this a blog is that I want to
share with you what I would bring in the
event of a zombie apocalypse and that is
my barbarian from diablo 3 okay and if i
could not bring my barbarian from double
3 because it's kind of a person you know
what i would ring I would bring hmm the
butcher's sickle now that is a it's an
item and yellow and as you guys know I
played a lot of diablo 3 hardcore mode
so i know a lot about the butcher and
the butcher has a sickle and you can
actually pick up this item and you can
dual-wield it as a barbarian and
sometimes it does that like get over
here thing that you know the butcher
does which is fucking awesome right so
that's definitely what I'm afraid I
would you like get over here zombies
palak cut off their heads like you know
sickle right and it would just be
looking amazing so that's definitely my
choice but I would much rather bring my
barbarian actually my man mmm i think i
would probably want to bring like
someone else's mail bourbon so that
maybe we populate the world you know of
course after everyone else is gone yeah
don't forget to sign up for loot crate
this month before the 19th you can do so
at Luke a calm / tara babcock and use
the promo code tara babcock no spaces
all caps to get three dollars off your
first crate if you're a new customer
which is awesome right Luke greatest
fucking awesome basically it's geek and
gamer here than you get a monthly in a
crate you don't have to go out we don't
doing missions you don't have to
adventure to get Luke's and that is
awesome and awesome concept I sit at
home
play video games and Luke shows up in my
mailbox it's fucking awesome other than
that I got my passport today which is
amazing so things are looking up for my
trip and I'm just super happy that I
have a metric and on look at HT town bye
guys ha ha
