hi guys I just activated my new iPhone
by that which is cool because look how
much better my vlogs are gonna be not
like it even 8c right so everybody do
the phone is actually using like cameras
you just think about it like when you
find something really cool you're just
going out and you don't want to carry a
lot of shit of course you don't want to
have like a legitimate camera with you
like 24/7 but but I'm gonna shorts I'm
walking outside and probably probably
embarrassing my roommate who also got an
iPhone he does a lot of those people
like a lot of my friends who are like oh
my god I couldn't stupid let's get a
fucking androids or something retarded
but um my App Store is better and
everything else is better so pop ha
fucking you your turn didn't you that's
and what you turned into it my corner
it's like such a hipster because it's
like Apple sucks but iPhone is the only
thing that I actually like and I've
talked about this before but basically
just because you need to like customize
their phone I just want a phone that
works this one is new oh it looks cool
in a sleek so why not and I know that
sounds kind of stupid but I mean I'm
gonna do any legitimate gaming or
customized I'm gonna have my own PC for
that right so it's kind of just like I
want to easiest to operate thing that I
can call people on these whatsapp or
Skype or whatever so and FaceTime right
okay so yeah going grocery shopping now
what I gotta breath when I talking walks
it fucks so much that I don't actually
like yeah
Wow the heart I will
