hey guys this is gonna be the last vlog
that I do on this phone because look at
this I have an iphone fucking 5s let me
try open it without showing you guys my
phone number ah well done why are you
not opening why are you so hard to open
hold on I get open sorry just through
you guys down on the fucking thing ok so
we're back in business now taking this
cover off and I'm so glad the aspect
ratio is finally going to be normal so
this is what it looks like iphone 5s
it's got a nice glossy yet Matt looking
thing and the picture is a really
serious business open so i guess i'm
going to upload this to my main channel
and to my my vlogs channel oh yeah this
is what's going on with me also look at
that it's my PS fucking 3 controller
hooked up to my laptop hooked up to my
big screen so I can play binding of
isaac in the living room with a control
or help fucking tip is that but why is
this not opening sometimes i wish i had
more than two hands alone it's a really
tight fit that's what she said ok so i
just opened it and here it is just
sitting right on top there it actually
fell outward as i pulled it open and it
looks exactly like my old one except for
much thinner the back is actually silver
so you can see me hi so the back is
actually silver with a little bit of
white and it's like much thinner than
the original iphone 4s or five no i
think it's exactly the same as of five
the button is a little bit different and
there's a cover there which i'm not
going to take off yet because i have to
take it to the apple store to do things
crazy ok so underneath we have
headphones a wall plug in and a charger
which i'm in love with because i was
actually only had one charger left and I
guess my roommates old charger for
samsung can work with these I don't know
that's that's what a friend said but
yeah so that's pretty much all you get
just like it's just like Apple to make
everything all sleek and nice looking
there's actually a package here for the
headphones which look really fucking
weird I don't know but it's kind of a
cool package I guess
haha dard I well made
