hey guys I know I haven't done a vlog
for a while so I'm gonna do kind of a
car vlog well I get ready to go grocery
shopping real quick I have to pick up
some stuff for tomato soup and grilled
cheese and I also need some yogurts for
my roommates lunch and what else was it
oh yeah coffee shakes which are the
things that I use in the morning to wake
up and feel more awake throughout the
day it's also a lot of protein like a
lot of protein so it's good but um I
haven't done a vlog for a while and it's
mostly just because on the weekends when
I'm with my roommate I sometimes just
don't do any work and we have fun and we
just play games all day and it's awesome
so that's one of the reasons one of the
other reasons is that I've been kind of
busy the last two days because it's like
I ok so it's weird my roommate got a
supervisor position at his job which
means that he is not working graveyard
shift anymore which means that our whole
schedule is shifted so that it's not
where we're staying up all night and
then I take a small nap in the morning
have to do things during the day and
then take a small nap at night and then
I'm up again all day or all night that
kind of like vampiric goodnight i will
type life now it's just regular wake up
at 4am go to bed it like 11pm something
like that and it's kind of sad because I
liked being on like Korea and the leg
Germany time we're like by the time I'm
ready to stream Germany's just waking up
or it's like the middle of the day for
Germany and I'm on like exact like korea
times so it's kind of funny I can be
like international because I'm living in
the US I'm on korea time and I stream in
time to alert the Germans which is
awesome but I just wanted to let you
guys know that I am so fucking happy
right now let you don't understand like
everything is just falling into place
for me I finally figured things out with
the the relationship I was talking about
who I felt like it was becoming
unhealthy etc and I not not not
unhealthy between us but he lives Lily's
an unhealthy lifestyle and I just
couldn't you know allow myself to get
more involved in that because it's just
not me and now I'm back going to the gym
every day I've lost I think like six
pounds in the last week which is amazing
and like trust me I'm much happier about
myself
everything is just so great like you
know how when you you start like eating
badly because you're traveling or
something or because you just don't have
the time to bother I guess so you end up
kind of like being like oh I love bad
food but at the same time I feel like
shit and I feel sluggish and everything
like that well now that i'm going to the
gym every day like what I do is I wake
up in the morning I play a little bit of
Diablo or something or talk on skype i
don't know whatever and then i go to the
gym and I just walk there like in the
morning it's fresh outside its nice i
just walk there I do like 30 minutes to
an hour of cardio and then I maybe get
like a shake there because I have like
this really cool place called emerald
city smoothie which is really yummy
smoothies so I have those and then I
walk back and it's a crudely fresh and
refreshing in the morning and it's nice
and I usually do that at like 7am to
like 9am it depends and then when i get
back i take a shower put on makeup all
that stuff and record videos or do
whatever modeling gig i have that day
yesterday i had a modeling gig in the
middle of the day and today i didn't so
today I felt really sluggish though
because I didn't have my protein shake
coffee shakes so I was like really tired
and everything was just weird but other
than that like I've been feeling so much
better like I feel energized I feel
enthused and just ready to like kick the
ass of every like thing I have to do
today I played magic 2014 which is the
game client on steam i tried that out
for losing my virginity series what else
did i do i need to start playing out
last again which is a little bit harder
because i'm not up all night I have to
prepare for my trip um that big job I
told you guys about after prepare for
that and I'm less scared about it
because now I know the specifics and I
know what I have to do to prepare so I'm
gonna be prepared and like the biggest
thing though is I just realized who my
friends are I realized who my best
friends are and I realize that I have
people that really care about me and are
there for me and like that's all I need
I don't have to go like trying to make
relationships with people who don't
deserve to have me in their life because
they don't treat me the way that I
should be treated and it's just
everything is so clear now you know when
you get into a relationship and it's
like you don't really know
specifics about the person and you're
not like a hundred percent sure whether
or not they're good or bad and you think
they're telling the truth but they could
easily be lying and then you find out
for sure about the person because you
know you find out they're lying and you
find out that they're not the person you
thought they were and that's just the
time you need to step away and then
everything becomes clear and it's like
an epiphany it's like why didn't I see
all these things before but you know you
got also at the same time give people
the benefit of the doubt and that's what
I was trying to do this it's kind of a
weird situation and then I realized that
I've been like following the wrong guy
I've been like caring about the wrong
guy I should have just you know I mean I
have an awesome roommate at home who
gives me like the best sex ever and I
know you guys always ask and I don't
usually answer but yes we do sleep
together of course there's a hot guy
living in my house and he thinks I have
a hot girl why would we have you
sleeping together why would you not take
advantage of that but at the same time
he's not my boyfriend and I have like
amazing other friends that are always
there for me so I don't I'm not even sad
like this is the first time that I've
come to a conclusion about something
where I'm like okay I can't you know
spend time with this person anymore or
be with this person um that I haven't
been sad about it I just feel good you
know and it's like everything works so I
just want to let you guys know that I'm
happy and I've rambled for five and a
half minutes but I have to get better
talking in speech and making coherent
sentences like I always say like that's
my goal I don't know I'm just so happy
and I can be in love I can be in love
with people who are good for me and that
just makes me happy I'm really excited
about this trip like okay i I don't I
don't think he'll ever see this video so
i could think i can talk about it it's
so funny you know like i was talking
about before and like my last video or
the video before it's like I have to
watch out for who my audience is and
kind of always think about that but I
don't think over watch it so like the
reason I'm most happy about this big job
that I'm getting like obviously this is
like a dream job and if it was any other
circumstance that would be what's making
me the happiest the fact that I got the
job the fact that I have the chance to
prove myself in this field that I wanted
to work in for so long and I just feel
like it's a dream come true but the
happiest thing about it
is that I get to spend time with someone
I haven't seen in a long time and I miss
him a lot and he's great and he's always
been there for me through all of this
like stupid shit with like this other
guy and everything it's like the only
person that's real you know it's like I
went for other guys that were bad for me
because they would tell me what I want
to hear and what I wanted to hear was
like really sweet things but I mean you
sometimes have to choose between really
sweet things being told to or the truth
being there but the persons not
necessarily as forthcoming with it you
know I'm saying like for instance my
roommate he like he's not a very
emotional guy he doesn't like gush about
how like beautiful I am and how I'm like
the Sun I'm a kid into the Sun and the
stars and the moon and all that like
sweet stuff he's not like that but he
does care about me you know and then
there's this other guy who's been
leading in a healthy lifestyle and he is
very forthcoming with telling me like
I'm the most beautiful girl in the world
and all of the stuff like all this
really sweet stuff that's awesome like
I'm exactly the type of girl that he
wants like amazing in bed which is
probably not lying about because I am
pretty fucking amazing in bed I I do men
justice like people are like oh hot
girls are probably gonna be starfish
isn't their problem not gonna do
anything bad but no dude I definitely
put in work like I'm an ugly chick
because I just actually like
legitimately loves sex so it's like I
really want to please the guy and that's
like what turns me on the most is
pleasing a guy but anyway um so
sometimes it's hard for me to stick by
the people who really do care about me
because they don't necessarily tell me
all the time and they don't like make me
feel good about myself and that way even
though I don't need that it's just like
that's what you would gravitate to you
know someone who's more like you're
amazing and then they say it and it
makes you feel amazing and you're like
okay I want to be around this person
that makes me feel amazing rather than
the person who's just you know behind
the scenes always there for me in like a
very vague way so that's kind of what
I'm realizing that I need to stop going
for fairy tales and start going for the
fairy tales that are there they're just
written a different way I guess that's
how it would put it I was so happy like
my cheeks hurt
so having so much fun playing diablo a
lot lately I'm gonna start streaming
some hearthstone and Diablo and binding
of isaac and everything else i want to
get good at binding of isaac i've been
watching my roommate play it and he i
watch his playthroughs like I'm sitting
next to him while he's playing and i'm
in love with it because he's so good at
it so much better than me like and he
hasn't killed mom yet he's done like I
think 22 deaths and he hasn't killed mom
and it's like the fuck why haven't you
killed mo mom must be really hard to
kill and for those of you who don't know
binding of isaac is you probably quote
the hell ever those of you who are like
really Christian or whatever it is and
actually know what the legitimate
binding of as you guys are both like
what is going on The Binding of Isaac
has nothing to do with killing mom but
yeah I'll leave you guys with that I'm
just so happy and I really hope that all
of this stuff works out for me and I you
know become that strong eSports and
gaming personality that I can be so that
I can help the people that have been
there for me the whole time I'm not
gonna stick around with people who have
a lot of money or have a lot of
subscribers I'm gonna stick around with
people who stuck with me from the
beginning and they're gonna get the
benefits of everything that they've you
know done I don't know if I've talked to
you guys about this okay this is gonna
be a long blog i'm sorry i was going to
go I don't know if I've talked to you
guys about this but in the eSports
industry there are quite a few people
who are my friends but they won't admit
they're my friends in real life like
they feel that being friends with me or
creating content with me would hinder
their image because everyone in eSports
and everyone gave me is kind of just
like okay this girl just came into the
scene and there's been a lot of girls
before her the juice fucked up shit is
she gonna do fucked up shit is it gonna
be like this whole like you know if we
hire her to host or something is she
just gonna like take her tits out and
like embarrass the whole company you
know and they don't know much about me
and they haven't gotten to see that I
can be professional so a lot of people
are like afraid to claim me I guess you
would say and that really hurts me
because but I like in any kind of
relationship is being like open about it
being like I'm really good friends with
so-and-so and it's awesome when we do
content together and they're evil
there's only been one person who really
you know did that for me and didn't care
about that and was just like yeah she's
my friend fuck off you know
those seven people are the types of
people that I'm gonna reward with my
millions of subscribers I'm gonna get
you know like I'm gonna help them out
alright guys I'll go it's been 11
minutes I'm sorry probably nobody's
gonna get past like the first three
minutes but you know I'm pouring my
heart out here you guys gonna listen oh
and oh what I i get my new iphone iphone
5s um on the 11th so that means that the
quality of the blog's you see here are
gonna be so much better the aspect ratio
is gonna be correct and everything's
gonna be great so i will see you guys
later thanks for watching i think i'm
gonna title this i am so happy because i
just am now let's go get that grilled
cheese that's my cheat meal
