look at the baby so cute are you high on
pain meds so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want hey guys and welcome to what I
think is gonna be the next Caturday
video I am super nervous because we have
to take Eve into the vet to get spayed
I'm like so apprehensive about this
because you know anesthesia and I don't
think people do as good of a job on pets
as they do on humans we have to leave
her for like five hours I know I look
like she just woke up and I'm still
having an allergic reaction from my
facial so I asked the doctor million
questions I said are you gonna do the
blood work to make sure she doesn't have
some kind of reaction are you guys gonna
call me every step of the way if
anything happens what's going on I've
been putting this off actually like she
was supposed to get it done before the
Olympia but I knew I wasn't gonna be
home around the Olympia and she can't
like jump up on things and you're
supposed to take care of her I love you
baby you ready yeah oh man I didn't get
much sleep and I was thinking about
going back to sleep
to make the time pass faster while I
wait for her to get done but I don't
know I asked for a cone I actually have
a cold right now and I asked if it's
okay if I have a cold if I can transfer
it to her because some research suggests
that you can transfer your colds to cats
and vice versa she's a bat right now -
it's so cute
he's a bat I know if you if anything
happens to her I sort of God I'm gonna
be murderous but everyone's telling me
it's gonna be okay still point one
percent I think of cats die or have
serious complications during space all
right let's put her favorite blanket in
the carrier and go for sway cup J I
don't think this blanket and the carrier
thing is gonna work the blankets too big
that sucks
I'm gonna be okay with the carrier oh
okay what's going in there
it looks so small for you filly I should
just leave this one home and buy like
one that's meant for kind of a dog or
something
do you like no what are you doing this
remind you of when you were a baby yeah
I born baby
usually I bond you want bring your head
boy you're so cute you know blacked out
face the people at the first event we
took her to when we found her down in
Bellevue and they just gave us this
carrier god knows how many other pets
have been in here what if I close the
door you gonna freak out where's her
fucking leash leash check leggings check
you ready to go baby
I can't keep her in that carrier unless
I have to
she'll be fine in the koi what she now I
know I'm being freaked out about spaying
and stuff but statistically it reduces
your chances of so many diseases like
breast cancer and weird tumors in her
uterus and stuff she will be eternally
in heat cats are kind of like eternally
in heat it's not just like a few days a
month she will scratch the doors pee on
things try to get out do a bunch of
things you won't want and she'll be just
eternally unhappy because she's not
mating if you wait until her first
litter or if you wait until her first
heat cycle all of those risks go up so
it is better to spare new your pet I'm
just being a scaredy cat
she don't such a good girl
magic together and how these little
dragon tokens it's like a cat with the
wingless black cat with wings
looks just like her so maybe she's a
dragon are you nervous
is crying on the inside look at that
baby
it's so brave so beautiful you gonna go
to sleep you're gonna wake up gonna have
a dumb cone on your head it's gonna be
cute how dumb you are and anesthesia and
then you're gonna come home and sleep
and cuddle
can we put an another phone number on
the file just in case fucking weird
we're ready to deep it's not like doggy
but it's a very cute little heart and
she has so I'll briefly go over what
what her little morning is gonna look
like or what her whole day would look
like first thing this morning we will
draw a full panel blood work on that
just to make sure even though she's a
kitten that everything is working
without really kidney livers all of that
liver then let me good later on today
she'll get any sedative to relax before
I actually agree on this fuchsia and
I'll be with her from start to end today
I'll be the one monitoring parameters TV
all dr. Gonzales does the procedure her
belly will be shaved and she will have
maybe an inch and a half long incision
sutures will be buried it'll be really
nice and pretty and before I make her up
from surgery she will I will give her
pain medication so she'll be comfortable
while she's with us she'll also come
home with five days worth of pain
medication once she's awake and alert
after surgery I will call you guys let
you know that we finished give you an
update so that you don't need to worry
anymore take good care of her
oh we will absolutely dr. G is a pro
okay surgery won't even and we'll we
will maybe use our jury a half an hour
so she won't even be under fur for that
long on this period so okay good I
promise you I know the worry that we go
through
you might have gone through it myself so
I will call you as soon as she's awake
okay thank you you guys have a good
morning and don't worry i'ii be fine
thanks just wear the cone for 14 days
Jesus fuck so guys if I have 30 we're on
our way to go get Eve I cannot believe
it took from eight so like 3:30 for them
to finish and then at 3:30
they said that we have to wait until
like 5:30 I'm assuming they're like
making sure her vitals are okay or
whatever the doctor said that it went
well and that we shouldn't expect any
complications so that's one worry that's
you know gone now because then we have
the first week making sure she doesn't
jump up on things making sure that the
cone doesn't cut her neck or that she's
not biting or scratching her scars and
everything and I just want to go see her
let's go see her let's go
life's not hard you're just so we're
here to pick up so much a favorite food
first so I'll have our hands-free
there's like one particular food that
she likes the most
there's Kitty's for adoption guys Pet
Smart yeah just grab the one that's like
back there and packaged okay we've got
the food let's go get Elizabethan collar
this is that really what it's called
evening dog baths save 25% yeah good
how'd it go fine yeah great okay it's
okay baby you're home okay the doors
closed come out baby
so adorable with this hey baby
such a cutie pie no it's gonna be weird
what is this thing really the nasty
thing take cried one out don't let her
jump come here a bit not get rid of that
why she want to go back in so something
we found out from the doctor is that
she's actually overweight we didn't know
that I think cats are beautiful any size
JK we're gonna stop feeding her as much
yeah okay baby
she looks so thin I'm not the fighter he
said when he cut into her there was fat
though that's like empirical proof of
fatness little precious thing it's just
high I think that's going on
can you baby I know it's confusing you
all I'm good to keep that all forever
yeah I know she wants to lick gonna hate
this No
hey stop maybe it's okay Tom I gotta
back on her they're suggesting an
inflatable hey come with Chester huh
this is suggesting an inflatable one but
I mean that just seems worse so I just
thought I would update you guys this is
Eve she refuses to wear her bandaid on
her wrist she refuses to wear her little
cone on her head and she just knocked
off her medication for pain that goes
there
don't knock it off she has like a little
place on her you pushing me away she
won't she won't stay off the counters
either she just jumps up on the counters
you can see right she's gonna fall off
oh man all I can do is keep checking her
stitches and making sure she's not
bleeding or acting weird keeps making
this weird face where she is kind of
sticking her tongue out what's cute what
what was that like what is his face what
so cute
recovering pretty well it's like she
doesn't even know she had anything done
this is her pain medication she has to
take twice a day like a little syringe
you just put into her mouth thankfully
it's not pills because I feel like we
just wouldn't be able to make her take
those they give the baby medicine
miss Corinne just click this I love you
so much
I know you I'm sorry
Hey okay baby your man I should take one
is it will I die can you baby
you break a
look at your belly this is our wound
that looks painful
it looks kind of puffy I don't know so
on her incision we saw or at least I saw
that there's a little bump at the bottom
and it's like kind of a hard bump so I
called the vet and they said to bring
her back in at nine am I feel like they
think it's probably like a lesion or
something but it's not like a lesion
it's just like an under the skin bump
but I want to make sure it's not like a
seroma or something and I don't know Jay
says it's been there since she came home
but I feel like it's either it either
wasn't or it's gotten bigger so just to
make sure we're gonna take her in but
the annoying part about it is they want
us to drop her off again so we can't
stay there with her it's like stupid but
she's eating a lot and jumping and you
go back to the vet she wants to lay on
the console
all right baby were here see this stupid
duck you can't fly now cuz you're a
little fat man you gonna check up baby
hey I just saw like tired
kitti of the jungle
yeah you've gets to come home with us
she doesn't have to wait there I'm so
happy they said that it looks fine it's
just when you suit your muscles together
or something I don't know they still
tell us to put the cone on it's like
they don't understand that like she'll
do anything to take that off even like
stress herself way too much so I don't
know she doesn't seem to be looking at
I'm gonna keep it off when I google
online and all of you guys have been
telling me that your cat and dog never
wore a cone so should be good look at
the baby so cute are you high on pain
meds so Eve seems to be doing okay and
recovering well she's being a cutie but
this is that bump that I took her in for
can you focus blood there's like a
little bump here at the bottom of the
incision but they said not to worry
about it I'm just hoping that they
actually got to see it cuz she has to be
like laying on her back like this for
you to see it well oh my god you guys
this is what I have to deal with when I
have assets where she can jump up on the
thing it looks like she is pretty much
back to 100% it's only been a few days
at least personality-wise I just have to
watch and make sure that she's not
jumping too much or too high but she is
so adorable and I'm so glad that I
didn't lose any of her perfect
personality I am myself as you can see
here have a set up in the bedroom I'm
doing an Adam and Eve video today and I
think this is where I'll end it I have
convalesced
from my sickness and she is getting
better and exhibiting normal behavior
and I'm just so happy that she's here
and alive and I feel so fortunate
now let's unbox some sex toys I hope you
guys enjoyed this week's Caturday video
sorry it wasn't up last week but the
whole second visit to the vet I wanted
to add in and that was on Saturday and I
just didn't have the time or the
sickness prevention to film it earlier I
love you guys say bye Eve
bye guys Eve leave us alone leave those
alone this is why we can't have nice
sets oh my god mom no mom Laura
