hey guys holy shit i just did a six hour
stream streaming hardcore hardcore
Diablo and four and a half of it or five
of it almost was with Kaldor the german
starcraft 2 Cassar which is a lot of fun
I really love people men especially who
will play games with me and especially
when they're German obviously so that's
definitely a plus I had a good day today
I was supposed to be practicing my
casting playing starcraft purchasing
starcraft cleaning the house and doing
other responsibilities but fuck that
right I was supposed to tear talks too
but you know what Robert got me the
topix really late this week so he can go
fuck himself and wait another day and I
feel bad that I'm blaming like Robert
for everything because tim is the one
who has to like do the secondary editing
of all the videos but I woke up kinda
early today and put makeup on and stuff
early so I wanted to look my best for
the Terra talks so I decided to put off
until tomorrow um what else is going on
I just like half ok after Kaldor left
the stream I sort of just like babbling
and babbling while I was playing diablo
just talking about what's going on in my
life and how I'm really frustrated with
a certain guy in my life right now and
I'm really frustrated at his unhealthy
life choices and stuff and how he makes
me feel like just tells me what I want
to hear and then makes me like feel
pseudo special but I feel like he's just
telling everyone the same things or
telling him it so that I stay around
it's because you know it's what I want
to hear supposedly in his mind and it
annoys me because like the whole time
I'm thinking like okay I'm not going to
make anything any more serious than it
is but he encouraged it to be more
serious and so I felt more comfortable
you know being more serious and then he
just kind of like screws it up like that
and kind of shows his true colors now I
could be wrong about him and I could be
too hard on him but at the same time I
freaking doubt it just because the way
everything is going and like I hate
unhealthy lifestyles and that's
basically what i was talking about i
also talked about a lot of funny stories
from when I was a kid like things that I
did in a middle school elementary school
like how it was a proficient in writing
and like how I got in trouble for the
first time stealing something in
kindergarten and making fun of some boy
in second grade some fun things fun
stories so you guys should go back and
watch this vods or wait until the
perpetual neverness when I actually
upload and get caught up with all the
videos but we're going to start doing
once we get things under control is
we're going to do we're going to do a
segment called Terra and Thomas which is
pretty cool it's going to be me and Cal
door just like playing games will play
dota Starcraft a you know Diablo course
and our hardcore characters we kind of
grew together like he is far more he is
far further into all of the hardcore
stuff than i am but he i played pretty
much all of my heart go characters with
him only and no one else because no one
else i know it plays hardcore and he
pretty much geared me up and made it so
that I could actually succeed and get to
level 60 and now I'm Paragon level 6 on
my barbarian and I'm level like 41 on my
monk which I love I got this helm for my
monk because in monks and elbows you
have a really short like bob haircut
like really really short like a boy um
and it's blond like me and it she kind
of looks like me a little bit but they
have this ugly Bob like daiki haircut
and I got this helm that looks like this
massive like scary like biking helm but
it has like blond hair coming out of the
back of it so it looks so much more like
me and it's like a tan like you know
white girl so it looks a lot like me out
like blonde hair coming out of it and it
sucks because you can I'm transmogrify
like you can and will to warcraft in
diablo so like once i get a new helm I
can't make my helm look the exact same
way that it used to which makes me sad
with the long hair and stuff so I'm
going to try not to upgrade my hell
as long as possible we going to LA soon
I have to either go there or pay an
agency to take my passport there so I
can go to the country in the end of
november and i might not be going to
blizzcon this time I haven't gotten any
word back about my media pass and some
things have come up and blizzcon is the
eighth to the ninth of November and my
birthday is the tenth of November so
it's like you know I kind of wanted to
go to blizzcon for my birthday but
that's okay I mean staying home is
almost just good like literally almost
just a good i don't really like going
out or you know doing anything other
than just staying and playing games and
like i imagine like maybe going shopping
a little bit and just like having some
awesome sex and just hanging out at home
playing video games and chillin with my
roommate that would be like the perfect
birthday maybe going to see movie or
something it's scary me like how rainy
it is outside and also look at me I'm
cute kids Tommy how cute is my tummy I
need to put my belly button again oh my
God look at me I am so bored
oh this is what a vlog has come to
silliness silliness oh wow wow wow wow
oh it's an earthquake what are we doing
it is good i don't know just kidding
this is in california we don't have them
tectonic plates okay i think that
tangent has broken off and become
something toxic I should probably go I'm
a little tired six hours of streaming
and being up all day and now it's like
6am or something so do watching the
six-minute video of nothingness haha
