hello guys who the line is so much
better this way okay so I have to start
restart my power level 9000 no actually
play a little 5a what bitch okay power
little okay
fucking I understand that I can't do any
more no god damn it fucking okay what am
i doing timeclick to zero zero peril
five start what why does it have to be
in that order an order her to work I
don't understand
so today I'm gonna be showing you guys
what I got as fan mail because I figured
that that would be a decent a decent
fucking thing to do on a vlog why not
right so let's see first thing I got my
favorite thing Zelda Ocarina of Time 3d
for the 3ds which is fucking awesome
I'm going to play this on the plane on
the way to my dream job in November and
I'm gonna play a little bit before but I
want to have at least 11 hours of settle
the time on the plane I'm excited next
thing I got sex dice so you can roll
them let's roll them why the fuck not
right breasts tickle the breasts alright
that's stupid
okay so the next thing I got replacement
um pads and fucking DD pads and what are
they fucking cold analog sticks for the
hot coal but they're still cold
for my ps3 controller um I hear shit
everything is just shit today for me but
don't so um you never put it on my black
one because I have a pink one but it's
light pink and these are hot pink you
might understand if you're a guy why
that's important but it's very important
just to let you know um
next thing is a vibrator a very strong
bear you can listen to a vibrator yeah
it's awesome
little cute vibrator okay it's a little
bit my face not any more than that just
a lot of power and the next thing I got
is anal relaxed lubricant which is
amazing because anal sex hurts contrary
to what you might possibly think if
you're watching a sukira or something
but it hurts so especially with a bigger
dick so yeah this is cool that someone
sent me this thank you so much also I
got something kind of funny I got an
envelope from a lawyer who says we are
friends on Facebook but there may come
the occasion that you want to call okay
so this is a nice gesture and it would
be cool to get my own personal lawyer
that I actually like keep calling and he
lives in my say and stuff but if you
can't spell occasion how the fuck did
you even get through grade school let
alone law school I don't know how much
law school you have to go to to be like
a regular attorney at law or whatever or
paralegal or whatever you are and no
offense guy but like I can't I'm a
grammar nazi like it literally like your
level of intelligence drops in my
perception if you don't have at least
basic grade school grammar and
punctuation and pronunciation and
spelling it's just important to me I'm
sorry like you if you are from like any
mainly english-speaking country or you
live in an english-speaking country and
you're doing a professional job you need
to know at least how to spell occasion
I'm sorry so I'm kind of turned off by
your Mis
spelling and I also got as the last
thing some images that I need to sign
and send back to Germany
normally I won't do this but he's German
because this is actually illegal to just
print my pictures so hard to make the
face I'm trying to make the same
expression of I'm doing wrong as in the
picture um yeah it's actually illegal to
print someone else's copyrighted work
especially if they're selling it on
their website but it's okay it's okay
you're German you're German
it's all do it for you I'm gonna send it
back but it's gonna be on my time and if
I decide I'm not gonna go to the post
office for like a while fuck you you
know right and then you can like whip me
for being a bad girl because Jason yeah
so my food's ready
other than that I'm actually learning
Starcraft a better way now um instead of
just playing and using my muscle memory
to just like SimCity and not actually
learn to multitask and harass while I'm
you know macro II I'm actually gonna try
specific builds the pros do learn a
build a day and I'm actually gonna learn
the other races and I'm just gonna try
be a well-rounded like let's say
platinum random player I love Terran
Terran is my favorite but I went along
the other races and I want to eventually
be a caster and a legitimate cast or the
knows her shit so if I could become
masters in random how fucking him I
would take over the world like I would
literally take over the Starcraft world
and I would be the ruler of the
Starcraft universe and it would be
amazing but I'm not gonna do that
oh and I have these awesome pair of
shorts this awesome pair of shorts on my
whatever because I do want to lose a
little bit of weight so bye guys I'm
leaving
Wow the heart I will
