I am at least arrows and we have a whole
box boosters which is awesome and I also
got this for my mono black deck that I'm
going to build eventually and I brought
all of my cards and my steward chopstick
what the deuce are you staring at
because why not right so I have two
decks currently I have red and blue and
I have the black and green I want to
make a model black and I want to make a
what it what else if I want to make I
want to make a tricolor some kind of
tricolor something that's actually good
so I'm really excited to open this I
don't know when or where we're going to
do we're actually looking for our friend
we don't know where he is here's uncle's
games alter ego comics which is like
really cool i've never been to like a
legit comic book store except when I was
like really owned like downtown like not
in the mall area here like this pretty
awesome we'll see
the pantheon of all powerful God's rules
over the plains of theros Krakens
Krakens how do you say that part Sorcha
minotaurs and other monsters of myth
threaten the safety of the walled cities
heroes rise to battle bolstered by their
devotion to the gods ventured atheros
and become a hero the power behind every
workers it's wonderful
this is how many exactly cards
how many boosters were in this code you
know 36 36 boosters 15 cards each that's
math what kind of math what was the sum
like 500 500 theros cards fuck yeah
cyclers 540 that's even more than
previously
he did that to get me excited I love
this Batman I'm dunk night long and a
little kid walks by and he's like what
I'm on TV boy okay I'm gonna go because
it's awkward still not used to volume
public very much but wha da dard I will
