hello guys I'm having drama my fucking
goddamn fucking thing won't import the
files I just did for the unboxing of for
the unboxing of this month's loot crate
which I am excited for to upload but now
I'm like it's only showing up okay so
what's happening I'm like just oh okay
what's happening is I'm trying to get
all this shit fucking imported and the
way I have to do it is through some
transfer stupid shit utility faggot shit
and um it keeps telling me that there's
no new files to import even though I
recorded a whole fucking unboxing and
shit and I'm like so irritated about it
it's like Oh finally it's working to an
extent which is one the bot vonda by
tell you I figured it out Oh victory so
um today I've been feeling a little
weird I've been having dreams about like
someone lately that thought it was kind
of I don't know like it's weird and so
like I've been thinking about him a
little bit lately I don't know I think
you kind of miss him quite a bit which
is weird other than that I've just been
kind of out of it today I don't know why
just I feel like I didn't get enough
caffeine or something I don't have
enough energy and I tried to eat a few
more calories and I still don't have the
energy but today I'm going to be losing
my virginity to crossfire which is this
really cool a first-person shooter that
is a nice port and it's really cool
because it's got a bunch of different
modes it's not just like regular
deathmatch mode where you let go teams
against your the team and it's like real
people that's online they also have like
zombie mode where it's like MPC zombies
and you're on a team like with your
friends and stuff and you have to defeat
these like zombies which is really cool
and you can also like pimp out your your
dude and you can have a bunch of
different dudes which is cool
I'm sorry I'm so scatterbrained like
everything is just so weird I want to
just play magic that's not what i do oh
look guys I mean a magic card I don't
know if you guys can see that oh this
it's cute I made it tara babcock
pictures sorcery put all create your
cards from all player decks onto the
battlefield under your control tara
babcock picture cannot be dispelled draw
a card of course this is a very powerful
spell you need seven colorless and two
black in order to use it in order to
play it it's just a sorcery and its
mythic rare um yeah I don't know I took
these pictures for thumbnails so that I
don't feel like there might be something
bad and s up no ok so that I could
choose from one of these to put in the
thumbnail because what I've been doing
before that is I would open a video like
I'll show you I would open a video is
anything that I have let's just use my
out room and I would like pause it and
then move away and then screenshot it
and it would be like blurry and I don't
have to get like this perfect timing so
now I've been just like taking pictures
that i can use as thumbnails when i'm
actually using footage from the video
that I'm creating at the moment hello
what talk about tomorrow is like the
weekend for my roommate so and I are
gonna watch a town starcraft and place
magic and go to the gym and have a cheat
meal I love cheat meals cheating me
another than that I don't know some fun
shit always fun shit with him yes yes
here oh I'm letting you in on some shit
slam it up hood yeah whatever um I don't
really know what to talk about at all so
I'm just gonna stretch oh look at this
right there it's over 9000 and then pick
up so yeah um I can Gabriel box how to
shit hot as shit and what else is going
down what else my mockney accent I
always think is really good until i
upload the video and listen to how I
sounded and then like oh my god that's
really bad I got in my loot crate though
something really cool Stewie lip gloss
that smells like cinnamon fucking baller
right okay I'm gonna go record some
videos and stuff and then I'm going to
get some sleep because I need some sleep
bye guys I think these blogs are getting
less and less painful hopefully maybe I
should say a couple days off and try to
find some actual purpose something to
talk about and try to articulate it
correctly bye guys know
wha da dard I will be
