hey guys sir I'm going to do a blog real
quick well things are uploading Tara
backup Saints Row character creator I
made myself in Saints Row because
everyone else is doing it wrong well
there's this one guy he's doing it
pretty well I'd like to this video today
I think he did a formula video for
anyone who is not playing on the ps3 and
can't download his version of Tara
Babcock but a couple of other people
have made versions and I think mine is
the best
although the eyes are a little bit anime
like I think that kind of reflects the
real Tara because they do have the big
blue eyes blue eyes which are awesome
and they always get bloodshot because
anything makes them sensitive and then
pain but I have good news good news and
scary news I did get that job I was
telling you guys about and every vlog in
the last like week or whatever oh look
there's me oh but that means from now on
I'm going to have to focus on learning a
few things so I can do my job
efficiently and well and the right way
like I'm supposed to so for the next two
months I am going to be buckling down
and doing certain things I don't know if
I'm allowed to actually announce
anything yet and I don't know all of the
details so stay tuned for that you'll
figure out what I'm doing eventually I'm
sure but it's exciting but at the same
times it stick at the same time it's
terrifying at the same time I'll be
traveling abroad for the first time I
have to get my passport I don't even own
a passport yet it's weird but everything
is just crazy and I'm excited I'm
excited I get to see friends I'll be
like around friends all the time I'll
get to make content there it'll be great
it'll be great I'm excited I'm terrified
absolutely terrified because I'm awful
at everything but I'm hoping I can at
least not let down the people who have
recommended me and who have been such
great friends to get me this awesome
opportunity I would love you guys so
much and thank you I'm using these vlogs
as a way to try to practice speaking
because I still feel like my speech is a
little bit shitty and I'm
trying to just do a little bit better
not get scatterbrained to stay on topic
stay focused talk like you know good
talk well you know what I mean other
than that I've just been I did the tear
talks for today a lot of interesting
news than that and then I played Sims 3
for the first time losing my virginity
and what else do I do I added in some
videos I've had a major headache all
freaking day which is driving me insane
it sucks ass and I hate it I hate
headaches
and you don't think so you're supposed
to do when you have a headache you're
supposed to never have sex or masturbate
because the endorphins that are released
in your brain after you orgasm actually
make you feel a little bit better
and that's definitely the case so women
if you're telling your husbands or your
boyfriends or whatever that you don't
wanna have sex because you don't feel
good that is not an excuse because
having sex will make you feel good and
if it doesn't make me feel good that
means he's not making you cum and needs
to learn your body that is my opinion on
the matter um other than that what else
is up I have to go to the store because
I'm out of yogurt it's a terrible
situation and it is 7:14 a.m. and I'll
be uploading this video as soon as I'm
done with it I think unless my roommate
comes home aids like let's go to the gym
I have to lose weight too I want to be
like really skinny I miss being really
skinny when I was like 18 or 19 well I
guess the 19 was more when I was
skinniest I was like super skinny like
almost under hundred pounds I think and
for me like I'm really short and I have
like tiny bones and pain your ribcage
and everything so being that light isn't
like oh my god she's something even
though on top like I always kind of look
a lot thinner than I am like look how
like skinny my arms like always are I
just have skinny arms skinny upper body
so that's why it was difficult for me to
get big boobs but I did it no
complications whew
um and I have like a like thicker like
Zoe's and like a bubble butt and that
number changes no matter how thin I get
it's always like
bigger in proportion to my upper body if
I start getting like ribs up here I
still have a lot of meat on my thighs
I'm just like really annoying right
because people are looking at me and
they're like oh you're too skinny and
I'm like no I'm not look at all this
shit I can grab on my leg
stupid Oh what am I talking about yeah I
like my body though because a lot of
girls when they're even when they're
thin they don't look very good like they
have a really wide waist or something
and it just doesn't look good but with
me it's like tiny way it's too big hips
big boobs you know fit legs so I don't
look like a chicken or something with
like skinny chicken legs and like that
with that's what sets you apart like
from like being that height fashion type
model thing to being a glamour model
when you have a really nice proportion
to your body that is like aesthetically
pleasing to other people and general
public I mean there's some people that
might like chicken leg isn't like bigger
waists but it's not like you know normal
normal sexy I guess you'd say not
knocking anyone for having different
what it was I called preferences
preferences I've been doing laundry for
like four days that's how long I haven't
done laundry is that I have like 20
loads of laundry and I still haven't
folds any of it I fucking hate folding
laundry because I like sit on the floor
or sit on the couch and I'm doing it and
putting things on hangers and I end up
my back ends up like really hurting so I
hate it and with this headache today
it's just like oh I don't want to do it
but then the clothes ends up being like
really the clothes end up being that
Grammer end up being like really
wrinkled and stuff which sucks the
dilemma of doing laundry and I really
want to hire someone to clean the house
like I want to maid so bad because like
I put it off and I couldn't house like
once every two weeks and it's stupid
like I'll do she'll like clean the
toilet in the bathroom and stuff more
often but it was scary today I went
because I put battlefield 3 and Sims on
my origin account and it was scary
because I went into my origin account
the terrible cock origin count and it
was like you don't have any of these you
need to activate them with a key and I'm
like what and I'm like frantically
looking for
he and then I realized that when I made
the account this time and put in the
codes for the games
I made tear about clock X because it
said tear about Kirk was taken and I'm
like I never made an Origin account so
apparently I made an Origin account
somehow before that I forgot about so
the crew can I log into the Terra
backlog X account and there are my games
and like thank God because I didn't want
to have to like pay for these games that
I already own I'm like that doesn't make
any sense uh yeah six and a half minutes
of talking about nothing but silliness
and what's going on in my day so I'm
gonna go wow that was the weird like
upside down version of oh my god I have
to my nails are grosser now it's awful I
need to like take the acrylic off of
them and like sandpaper them down I've
had acrylic nails on them for like 4
months or something okay guys okay guys
okay guys okay guys I'm sorry
haha die well
