hey guys I am making tofu look at that
and I am also eating apples right here
oh and I am also drinking coffee protein
shake which is wonderful and today while
I'm doing that waiting to focus I am
going to tell you about how I get
crushes so it's weird when you're hot
and you're a girl and you're connected
on the internet because it's pretty easy
like under like a list celebrities it's
pretty easy to get in contact with
people I mean all you have to do is be
like hey somewhere and be like how are
you I think you're hot let's be friends
and it's weird I'm on the counter so umm
even though some of them have only been
like a couple I've talked to a couple of
actors and I know a couple famous people
and I know a lot of eSports and gaming
celebrities and some of them most of
them started out as a crush and it's
funny because I get a crush on pretty
much like every every episode or every
episode when I sing I'm like totally out
of it yes so much on my mind I'll tell
you about in a minute but I just want to
get this off my chest because it's
something that I've been thinking about
lately and I'm like well I should share
it with the world right okay so pretty
much every show that I've ever watched I
get a crush on one of the guys and it's
a mix of because of the character that
he plays and his personality and all
that um coupled with like 70% the way he
looks and it's just like attractive to
me I don't know why because you know
he's my type or whatever so I get these
crushes and then I'm like oh you know
when I follow him on all of his social
networks I'm like oh big page and like
oh you're so hot at law and then
sometimes that gets me to talk to the
person so every time I get a crush on
someone I ever made is like oh my god
because a crush with me means that I
prematurely fall in love through
infatuation
have like this crazy up-and-down
friendship slash sexual tension
relationship with them might end up
screwing them and then we have this
weird falling out and I rarely keep
friends through it which sucks right so
boom it's like oh not this disaster
again I know how she is but it's kind of
funny it's like why is the house but
yeah so that's kind of how I handle
things which is silly as hell right okay
so um I I have this premature falling in
love and drama happens up here I turn
off the camera oh yeah okay and back up
on the counter again um yeah I'm so
logical usually like I'm logical about
marriage I'm logical about like sex and
relationships and everything but and I
know that like when I get into these
relationships that it'll pass and it's
like you know can't stop thinking about
him oh my god I'm so in love with him
this is ridiculous type feeling that's
like so superficial and all that but I
do it anyway and I fucking enjoy it it's
like a goddamn roller coaster it's
amazing and the reason I brought this up
is because when I have like a crush and
I'm doing something public like my
YouTube or my streaming I think about
like what if he saw it and that
motivates I'm gonna do like 10 times
better and just like be myself so that
maybe when he sees it he like he'll know
more about me and like I was like oh
she's so hot she's so great like let's
talk to her so we're just like totally
fucking retarded and funny right so yeah
guys never had that feeling like maybe
in school when you're doing like a
presentation or you're out in the hall
it's like oh maybe my crush
see and then like she'll be impressed or
like you know maybe like she's looking
at me and I'm not even noticing and you
gotta remember that when you're doing
something in public it's like you don't
know who's watching and that shouldn't
motivate you to just kind of do your
best always so that's it was there was a
real meaning behind me talking about
random girl crushes and shit like that
that I get that are irrational I think
there was a reason okay
and yeah what else so I have a lot of my
mind simply because I think I got that
that dream job that I told you guys
about I'm like so I think I got that job
but the setback is that the job is ten
times further than I thought it would be
and I don't know if I can pull it off
and I'm terrified and it's the hardest
thing I think I'll ever do and the
scariest thing I've ever done and I'm
just really freaked out and I don't know
if I can be good enough and I don't know
it's like I'm just totally gonna ruin my
career from here on out cuz like think
about like not being prepared for
something but still doing it and it's
like your dream job but you don't want
to make yourself look bad in that
industry so it's like do I take a job
that I'm a prematurely not ready for or
do I like not take it and then maybe
never get this opportunity again which
is probably it's it's a good I'm gonna
go for it I'm just gonna do it and I'm
gonna do my best and I'm gonna study
from here until the next two months it's
at the end of November and I'm terrified
and I will know for sure on Sunday
whether or not I got it and I'm actually
it's like a win-win for me it's like
half of me it's like fuck it if I don't
get it I don't have to embarrass myself
and be terrified and another thing I'm
really excited about is that going means
that I get to see someone I haven't seen
in a year that I am like craving like
just to see to be around like I miss him
so I'm excited
oh um yeah is there anything else
interesting oh why is her towel on the
couch what is going on I need to clean
the house that's what that means um yeah
I put a thanks row today I fucking love
that goddamn game like so much it's like
when you play a game like no no um he's
so amazing and that the character
creator is really good see about the
graphics not perfect
but the graphics are pretty good I mean
like I expect realism in 2013 because I
thought that Metal Gear Solid 1 had good
graphics and so like in my head since I
haven't looked at it for a while I'm
like they had this good of graphics a
couple years ago what the fuck is the
problem so I'm like expecting more but I
shouldn't be you don't I mean yeah
whatever I think I'm done talking right
bye guys
ha ha ha die well
