hey guys i am rendering videos on my
computer which means that my computer is
rendered useless and unlike usually I'm
rendering like four videos at a time
right now so it says 40 minutes in the
first video which is a gameplay video
that's like 30 minutes and it takes a
while to render it so 40 minutes for the
first video the next two videos aren't
is long but they're like almost as long
so I'm thinking like three hours until i
can use my computer again and by using
my computer i mean play any games or do
any streaming or anything like that or
edit videos because rendering takes up a
huge chunk of my cpu like ninety percent
or a hundred percent and makes
everything really fucking laggy and
stupid so this is what it feels like to
be bored as shit with nothing to do
because fucking your computer doesn't
work well you know what works but you
know what I mean I really hope I don't
drop my phone on my face could be
hilarious and I wouldn't edit it out no
I wouldn't here's all my green screen
shit just above my head here i'm laying
on the floor on the red shag rug i I
don't know to you okay there are a few
things we could do I could go to the gym
but I want to remain sexy for later so I
don't really feel like showering and the
redo my makeup it's 4am here I mean I'm
gonna go to bed at like 7am because
that's what my roommate gets home and
fuck it you know Yolo um I'll probably
sleep like three hours and wake up and
have a couple things I have to do
tomorrow but um I played hate plus today
which is like the fucking weirdest game
the goddamn universe what the fuck is
wrong with that game you literally just
decode messages by saying click to
decode like you just click it and you
have this some robot bitch and fuck hand
this robot bitch just wants to read
messages that are decoded with you so
all you're doing is just reading text
and like reading what she says and it's
literally like is the game only just a
two
you how to read broken English made by
Koreans like that's I don't I don't know
what the point of the fucking game is if
someone could tell me I nobody plays
that game like I looked online to try to
find like some kind of explanation or
like even screenshots or gameplay videos
nobody plays it now I think I know why
like I don't even know how that game got
on Steam like I feel like there's
something I'm missing I got it because
it looked like it was going to be some
kind of Japanese RPG or something but it
appears that I've been foiled I didn't
buy it actually put it on my wish list
and somebody bought it for me though
like this looks interesting I'm like I
agree and then I get it it's some kind
of like confusing facade of a game I
don't understand so what can I do right
now like I said I go to the gym I could
take a nap taking a nap oh I could do
board cleaning but as you guys could
probably hear my washer is already going
so I mean let's get enough cleaning 40
check out the trash together recycling
everything um ike i don't know like what
is a girl to do without her computer in
the middle of the night when you can't
go anywhere do anything or contact
anyone right I mean everyone's sleeping
i'm on korea time like ninety percent of
my time was on korea time then i have to
wake up and do things for America time
so I are oh fuck he even talked about
pop ups Oh give me up give me a fuck I
have pom-poms yes I do I have pom-poms
how about you nice to be a cheerleader
you guys know that I'm just going to
talk for another minute about absolutely
nothing and hopefully something will
come of this vlog I don't know like what
do I do when the computer is useless I
can't play games like I guess that there
aren't listen to music but like I need
to I didn't like my whole brain to be
stimulated like it's really hard for me
to just watch a movie and not do
something else so I end up like drinking
a ton of water because that's like the
substitute or like talking through the
movie and I can't just like if I'm
watching someone play games i want to
have a conversation with them if I'm
eating I want to have a conversation or
be watching something it's weird it's
like I want to always be like using the
full potential of my brain I don't know
I get like restless really easily and a
Torah hmm does one do I want to add in
more videos because I have a couple more
videos I need to edit my windows media
player isn't playing videos it's just
telling me there's an error for like
every video videos I know that don't
have an error in them it's weird so what
a weird thing is going on I don't know
what else to talk about I have a lot of
laundry to do every it's like I don't
have any boxers left and I'm like well
fuck dude I hate doing laundry I want
like I need to get a maid like seriously
I want to use the like hundred dollars i
make a month from YouTube okay when I
start making enough to pay a made off of
youtube only I think he'll get a maid
that'll be like my prize for succeeding
on YouTube getting a maid I am like I
used to think there's no way I could
have a maid because I'm like really
picky and like when I clean the house
it's fucking spotless like I clean
everything I even clean the trim like
around you know near the floor for dust
I clean that I don't know I clean like
the bottom of the toilet and everything
just has to be really fucking clean like
I am NOT happy at the houses and like
relatively clean which is funny but um
I'm so lazy about it I don't have time
for it no I do have time i'm like i'm so
tired like right now there's no way I'm
gonna get my ass up and start like
fucking mopping the floor and should
fuck that dude I'm tired so I don't know
what I'll do guess we'll just play with
my phone and try to take a nap been
talking for six minutes I'll go bye guys
I love you thanks for watching me ramble
about nothing and telling you about my
life at home bored I need to start doing
more daytime vlogs I'm always doing it
at night when I don't really have
anything to show you or talk about I'm
just like at home peridot see you guys
later
wha da dard I will make
