hey guys I don't know if you can hear my
washer in the background but it's
extremely loud so I hope that's not too
annoying for this vlog today I only have
much to talk about other than that I am
just so happy today was great because
all I had to do was just play a bunch of
games and record a couple videos first
video I recorded was my nerdy
show-and-tell for this week then after
that I recorded an unboxing of this
headset which is bio Blanc and it's
fucking the most amazing headset I own I
own ok I'll show you I have the
SteelSeries Siberia v2 and then I have
this random one that I was also sent to
unbox and the Blanc line is by far the
best best construction and the sound
quality is so awesome it has baked like
I'll show you here this is the
controller thingy for it and it's just
USB so you don't have to plug in the
headphone jacks and shit like that and
it has freaking sub and surround sounds
so subwoofers and surround sound like
built-in it sounds so good like I was
listening to music for 40 minutes before
I decided actually finish up the review
so I was like sitting there just
listening the reason goes like oh oh
this is so good I'm like trying out like
metal on the dubstep and then like other
things like kpop with like a lot of bass
and it was so awesome I loved it so I
love this headset they have it in green
but they didn't have any more in stock
to send me so I'm like at least sad
about that cuz I really wanted it in
green but I'll get over it because these
are called ufos bio Blanc 5.1 surround
sound with gaming headset which is cool
the might even sounds a little bit
better than the other mics that I've had
as you can tell I've been wearing them
for quite a while now
I played outlast for losing my virginity
and it's so stupid because I am like I
can't stand being that afraid like the
first time I felt that fear was Resident
Evil 2 and then I stopped playing
Resident Evil's and I stopped playing
scary games I'm
playing amnesia even though I have it
right there I was talk about it and I've
never played slender or anything like
that so playing outlast was like
terrifying but then I got lost and I'm
like well thank God I got lost so I
don't have to in advance and then like
you know encounter more scary things
outlast is a pretty fucking good game
like I'll have to admit like it's
terrifying but it doesn't seem to be
like your run-of-the-mill like wannabe
horror movie or a horror game so yeah
and next I'm gonna be playing I think
toki Tori 2 for my name's of my
virginity series so I'm doing today is
just editing videos recording videos and
playing games which is like the best
life right it's so amazing what else is
new I don't know oh and with this
headset was so amazing I was on the
Skype call for like an hour and like um
a person I was talking to he has a deep
voice right
so like the surround sound made it feel
like he was here and then like the bass
it was like his voice just like sounded
so good I was like vibrating it was
awesome
so yeah I definitely recommend the Blanc
UFO 5.1 surround sound gaming headset
because I also played a game of
Starcraft when I was playing Starcraft
like literally when a supply depot would
go up and down it would like sound so
real like you're there on the
battlefield and like going into battle
is just like amazing like I really
suggest you getting some really really
good gaming a really good gaming headset
because you got to hear games that way
you got to feel like you're in there you
know when you're playing a first-person
shooter like a military first-person
shooter you want to feel like you're
fucking there on the battlefield like
that's amazing and you can actually feel
all the sounds you have to give to
experience that definitely no I'm kind
of tired but at the same time I'm just
really excited to play a more games
upload more videos YouTube is like such
a passion right now I'm neglecting my
streaming because I want to do more
YouTube and more standard gaming and I
other things I have to do like a lot of
shoots and stuff so I've been kind of
short on time or streaming lately but
I'm going to get back into it I promise
I miss Starcraft so much but I was doing
my German video that I uploaded
yesterday and I had to like look for
vectors of like Thor and Marines and
stuff and Starcraft I was like I got
these like pangs of like heartbreak for
not having played Starcraft for a while
of like story cooked I miss you so don't
count me out for streaming don't count
me out for Starcraft I'll definitely be
back to focusing on that it's just kind
of like my schedules been so weird
lately and I'm also trying to
incorporate like some new things like
the whole uploading videos daily and
having new segments on YouTube so that's
why it's been kind of weird and I'm also
doing the vlogs which doesn't take any
time but takes a little bit of time to
edit the stuff together and then upload
it and when I'm uploading I currently
stream because it throttles my internet
so yeah that's what's up I'm gonna go
play some games it's been five minutes
have a good night guys
Wow
ha ha ha die well
