hey guys so I'm wearing this awesome new
shirt that says let's bounce hashtag in
bed and I bought it just because you
know it says well it's bounce in bed I
mean that sounds fucking amazing anyone
who's making the in bed joke or the
that's what she said joke
fuck yeah I love you so I decided to get
a shirt that says that because why the
fuck not
and my washer out there is being quite
loud but whatever we'll just get over it
so I did buy this shirt it's supposed to
be a sleep shirt and I bought it one
size bigger so it's kind of like really
loose on the stomach but I have this
terrible dilemma that way if I make a
shirt that covers my chest oh my god I
just decided all the way in but what I'm
gonna make this vlog about this is gonna
be about why I wear shirts with cleavage
and no it's not just to get attention
it's because if I have a shirt that
actually covers my chest then it is way
too baggy on my stomach and if it's not
way too baggy on my stomach it has to be
stretchy and if it's stretchy I'm
pulling it over my head and my boobs are
actually stretching it out as it goes on
so no matter what my shirt over my
stomach is stretchy if I have to cover
my boobs and then it keeps riding up
like this and ends up going like that
and then I'm like pulling it down and
the more I pull it down the more like
stretched out it gets so it's like
clothes are not made for a girl with big
boobs and a little waist like it's not
made like clothes are made for skinny
girls with no boobs and fat girls with
big boobs so it's like it's like kind of
a huge dilemma trying to find clothes
that fit that will cover the chest
that's the first reason second reason is
like I said before it rides up it's
uncomfortable it just doesn't feel right
and it's slow why would I do it's not
good third reason is because yes I think
it looks sexier I paid a lot of money
for my boobs $8,000 to be exact and I
like the way they look and I have no
qualms with showing off my cleavage just
like I have no qualms of showing off my
body in general because I think
sexuality is healthy and you
if you have a good body you might as
well show it off right while you're
young and especially if your works for
it I mean like the rest of my body I
actually had to work really hard to get
and I go to the gym and I workout and my
job is to be a model so I have no
problems with showing off my body when I
look in the mirror and I have cleavage I
think I look hotter therefore it makes
me happier because I am visually
stimulated by my own body and I think it
looks good so why would I not wear
things that make me look good like you
guys act as though like I go to the
closet and I'm like this is the thing
that will make me take the hearts of all
the Nerds no I go in the closet I'm like
what looks the best to me okay now what
looks what feels the best was the most
comfortable and those are the two things
that I consider and like to be honest I
actually consider the comfortable
comforter ability a little bit more
because if there's like a really sexy
dress that's way too tight and doesn't
feel good and you know like it's just
like like one of those like really
straight down dresses so I can barely
like separate my legs to walk I don't
wear that shit just like I don't wear
fucking high heels high heels are
supposedly making your ass look really
good I don't agree and even if I did
agree I wouldn't wear them because
they're fucking uncomfortable I don't
wear high heels so those are the other
two reasons for the fourth reason I
think we're on I don't fucking know
tenth reason do I need any more reasons
I mean yes it does give me more views
everyone in the world who creates
content wants their content to be viewed
by the masses as many people as they
possibly can right
and if you think you have content that
is worthy of views and you put your
heart and soul into it like I do and you
actually love the community that you're
making content for why the fuck would
you not want to hook them in with
whatever tricks you have right the only
sad part about this is that there are
girls out there whose content sucks
personality sucks they're really just in
it for the money and they actually do
get a lot of views and it's delicious
like not a parent to these guys that are
just being hooked in you know by
cleavage or something or by the way a
girl looks or the fact that she is a
girl in the gaming community and that's
what's kind of sad is that a lot of
people can't see the difference and
that's what kind of like boggles my mind
like if you watch a lot of these other
girl gamers they're just sitting there
like complaining bitching or sitting
there quietly not doing anything not
talking not providing any commentary any
kind of you know substance whatsoever
and that's compared to me someone who is
actually clearly very passionate about
the community and everything that I do
and then they're like yeah that's just
another fucking gamer girl trying to get
attention but what it's like really you
can't see the difference there's a
distinct difference so if you're gonna
use any marketing tricks that you have
like let's say you have a famous friend
or you're a 14 year old Grandmaster in
StarCraft or you're a girl with nice big
boobs I don't see any problems with that
as long as you back it up with substance
and actual you know quality content
narcs are trying with your shit and
that's up to everyone else's discretion
to decide like if you don't want to
watch something that I make don't watch
it simple as that
but yeah coming back to the embed joke
how awesome is that having a shirt that
says let's bounce in bed I think that's
a pretty good life decision don't you
what else oh one okay my dream job I
think most of you guys know what it is
but I got an offer to possibly do my
dream job in November and I can't talk
much about it because it's not a hundred
percent but if I work really hard and if
I get the okay I'm in and it's amazing
because like I can't even tell you how
amazing it is I'll tell you later
remember this I have an offer for my
dream job and it's like I want it you
guys know my dream jobs casting right so
it's like a one-time thing it's not like
oh no I have a new job my job is not
modeling anymore no my job is still
full-time modeling and I do all the
YouTube crap as well that's not gonna
change nothing's gonna change it's just
like a weekend but they get to cast
something maybe and I'll get back to you
guys on it but I'm really excited about
it my hope it goes through but yeah so
that's why we're cleavage shirts
comfortability I think it looks good
other people think I think it looks good
I have no problem with showing off my
body no one should have a problem with
showing off their bodies are comfortable
with
at the end and shirts are just not made
for girls with big boobs and small
waists alas and I do have a couple like
non cleavage shirts but I hate them I
hate wearing them it's like
uncomfortable I don't go anywhere in
them like I can sit at my computer and
it's fine or whatever but if I actually
get up to go somewhere I end up with
like a baggy shirt that like won't stay
down and looks terrible and constricts
me and I stay really tight on the chest
and really loose on the summit is just
awful so yeah that is the dilemma of a
big chested girl okay guys I am going to
go I have ranted enough I guess it's not
really ranting it's just kind of
enlightening I've been lightened you bye
bye my nails match my shirt in bed bye
hahahaha die well made
