I haven't done a blog in a couple days
so I decided to do it cuz why not
because that's what I'm supposed to do
is make a vlog all the fucking time like
every single day but I'm not doing it
I'm really hyper because I have been
filming things and when I film things
what is this this is the top of juice
why would I have a top of juice here oh
because I just finished my juice pink
lemonade is the best fucking goddamn
shit in the universe don't my tits look
big and this shirt I think they do you
should see them in real life oh my god I
am rewatching one of my videos I don't
know why just decided to because bucket
but I just finished the Tara talks for
this week and oh my god is fucking epic
like all the games I've ever wanted to
come out are coming out like really soon
GTA 5 just came out this week as you
know or is coming out in a couple days
I work in three days ahead because I
shoot these Tara talks like on Friday
and then they come out on Monday morning
in Europe Tuesday morning here
I believe that's what it is I'm time
retarded I'm sorry about that but anyway
I'm gonna do a bunch of other videos
today I'm gonna do my German vocabulary
which is this second in my series of
random fucking German videos that I do
in my green screen and Deutschland
shirts and just to say like yeah the
witch listen do you know about that kind
of thing and show my appreciation for
Germany actually I'm gonna say this in
my video but I'm gonna say it here to my
German video for violet why I love
Germans in parentheses it's actually my
most popular video with 65,000 views I
think and they're like legit 65,000
feels like no one promoted that video
it's just like I have so many German
viewers and I think I'm about 30 percent
of my viewers or some shit or maybe 25
percent like that are German like it's
the second highest demographic that I
have right underneath the United States
so I love you guys
anyone who's German you guys need to
know that I need to make more videos for
you guys it's funny though because I'm
making these random stupid German videos
they get like a ton of down votes but
they still get a bunch of boats and
stuff and like my channel is a gaming
channel so it's like so fucking weird
right now I'm like doing some off-brand
shit that I just decided to do because
that's my personality kind of like how
Flula has the leg weird
making fun of American idioms on his
channel but then he mostly just does
like his own beats and his own like Auto
Tunes and stuff I love that guy he's so
cute and he's German and he hasn't like
ridiculously stereotypical German accent
which is fucking amazing right so the
last couple days have been okay I'm
having some I wouldn't say problems but
it's like I have I'm going back and
forth between something in my personal
life and I'm not quite sure what I'm
gonna do with it I'm having personal
life dilemmas you guys know how it is
it's not like making me sad but it's
still like kind of stressing me out from
time to time and I don't like not to do
what I really know what's right for me
to do because it's like I like this guy
but I don't want to go too far into it
it's so funny because you guys say like
oh I love these vlogs where you're like
less sexualized and it's like though
there is no less sexualized is because
if I talked about like people I've slept
with or like the the actual details of
my sex life everyone would be like
really either angry calling me a slut or
like I would divulge way too much and I
would put the person who I'm sleeping
with like in jeopardy you know and it's
like I can't do that cuz you know
everything we do is very public on
YouTube so it's like I can't be doing
that
you know anyway um yeah after the German
video yeah fucking German girl after the
German video I'm going to do my next
nerdy show-and-tell which is gonna be on
this case of burnt ps1 games that like
pretty much shaped my childhood as a
gamer which is fucking amazing I'll show
you like all the games that I burnt like
me and my dad would rent games and then
we would go and burn them and I think
had a chip to ps1 that we could play
them in and I had like fucking hundreds
like I'm only gonna show you one of the
binders cuz I only have one left but I
had like three full binders like thick
ones like that of just fucking ps1 games
with like you know four in each sleeve
and then four in the back it's fuckin
amazing right so like my childhood was
pretty fucking good according to any
gamer I was probably one of the most
fortunate ever even in America the land
of the privileged
and and spoiled and I was an only child
and I had a ton of guy friends who were
awesome and played a lot of games with
me so that made my life a lot better and
it still does I'm a roommate we play
video games like all the fucking time we
play fucking everything from like
dueling in hearthstone to like playing
console games even like the non co-op
ones we'll just like switch back and
forth the controller and watch each
other it's fucking amazing like that is
the most amazing thing ever you guys oh
my god and I tweeted today I tweeted
something let me show you
I said let's see if we can see this can
you sit I said it would be cool to have
a gamer boyfriend to do co-op let's
plays with and boyfriend vs. girlfriend
challenges oh and a boyfriend does my
makeup fail I have wanted to do a
boyfriend doesn't make a video for a
really long time and of course I could
always use my roommate but then he
doesn't like to be on camera so it's
like I want to have like a guy who is
just like maybe a really close youtuber
friend or like because I don't want to
have a boyfriend but that's the only
thing that would make me really excited
about having a boyfriend it's doing
let's play us together and like making
this person like like showing him off as
you know my gamer boyfriend that would
be awesome right oh my god okay so what
else am I gonna do today oh I'm gonna do
a lot of losing my virginity is I'm
going to play outlast oh so scary it's
my first like legitimate scary game that
I've played since like PlayStation 2 I
don't even remember what game that was
I'm just making shit up I haven't played
one for a while okay since I've been a
PC gamer I haven't played any scary
games so far overdue I also have amnesia
if I'm not playing that tonight I have a
bunch of other things that I'm going to
be losing my virginity to do you guys
want to see all of the games like I have
all of the thumbnails yeah oh my god
suits do you see I can't see if you can
see oh suits suits background because
Gabriel looked so fucking hot oh my god
I don't even care that he's 20 years old
or 15 years older than me I don't care I
will fuck you Gabriel mocks regardless
of your wife and child oh that's so
terrible to say like if I ever meet him
now I'll feel really bad at this kind
no storage just cutting off in the
middle of my sentence that is my iPhone
telling me to shut the fuck up because
nothing I am saying is interesting
anyway I was looking to show you guys I
really need it an iPhone with bigger
storage because with this shit okay so
here are all of my thumbnails for the
losing my virginity series you're gonna
see it yes okay so look how many games I
have that you guys have already bought
me or that I have bought myself look at
this shit I got fucking in toki Tori Red
Faction Red Orchestra serious Sam
fucking spiral knights ravaged
portal-to-portal one out last fucking
everything minecraft obviously magic
online of course don't starve
battlefield 3 burnout paradise Crysis 2
Crayon Physics fucking just everything
goddamn in half-life 2 dead space the
best everything always so I'm really
excited really fucking excited like you
don't even know like my YouTube life is
making me so happy right now and like
streaming is so much funnest I streamed
drunk you guys oh my god if you guys
didn't see the stream you have to watch
them on twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock and
don't forget to follow my regular
channel which is youtube.com slash cock
I'm going to go because I have to record
on million other things and I have to go
look like a adorable little Fraulein so
bye thanks for watching oh my god okay
Belmont
Wow the heart I will
