and then I would slowly dismember him
cauterizing the wound every time and
make him as close to just a torso with a
head as I can so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys hey guys welcome to
new episode of Friday night mail I was
gonna do the fanservice Friday intro and
see the show has nothing to offer but I
do have something to offer
I have giveaways I have two giveaways
because last week I didn't have a Friday
night mail I apologize for that you guys
so I've compiled all of the packages
from last week with this week which you
know it made a pretty nice amount of
packages I'm happy about that I was
worried about being like overburdened or
never under burdens never under burdens
you can't be I could get like one letter
that when I open it it just says here's
my dick with a dick pic and I would be
happy because you guys are awesome
anyway ok last week's winner is Darius X
congratulations Darius X you're fucking
awesome thank you for signing up for the
giveaway if you guys want to sign up for
this week's giveaway before I announce
this week's winner go ahead and go down
into the description click the link very
easy to follow all the instructions all
you have to do is follow me on social
media and all that crap and patrons if
you are one of the ones that is so
gracious to help me out on patreon you
get extra entries but without further
ado the winner of this week's giveaway
is Barney congratulations Barney I like
this week's winner because I know him
he's a cool dude but I also like the
fact that it was basically a patron only
giveaway because I didn't actually have
a video to go with it so I just made it
out of my patreon pool all right you
guys have a few questions and I actually
have to find them in my email one moment
here it is okay the first question comes
from yarl Zander question you always
bring up the fact that you must love
yourself before you can love someone how
does someone go about loving themselves
I've just kind of accepted myself I've
never loved anything about myself
help god this is so hard for me because
for me if I don't like something about
myself I just mold myself into the
person that I do want to be the person
that I would admire if I were outside of
myself looking in improving anywhere
that I feel needs improvement whether
it's inside or out so I've never had a
real hard time with loving things about
myself and if
there's something I don't like about
myself it's not hard for me to accept it
or to improve it I think a lot of people
just stagnate because they don't really
know exactly who they are and they don't
know what they want to improve but I
would say just read more play more do
more and find out what it is about
yourself that you could love that you
could improve to be something that you
would admire if you were someone else on
the outside of things a lot of people
also shy away from self-improvement
because they feel like that makes them
vein or vapid or they feel like it only
has to do with the outside one really
the improvements that you can make on
the inside are so much more important
especially when it comes to loving
yourself being comfortable in your own
skin and creating a life for yourself
that you can feel proud of I wish you
luck I don't have that many suggestions
off the cuff but I do hope that you get
to a point where you do feel some
admiration for yourself
Armand Kastner says question would you
ever get another kitten has another
playmate for Eve plus twice the cuteness
so why not alright so I didn't really
talk about this publicly before but
there was this kitten at the place that
we go to the Pet Smart that we go to and
his name was Eli and he was a little
black kitten with blue eyes very similar
to Eve similar ages Eve except for he
had blue eyes and he was so cute so we
thought about it and we told the
adoption people that if he was there the
next following Saturday that we would
adopt him but he wasn't so we didn't I
don't want to choose to have any more
pets I didn't choose to have Eve either
I love animals to death and that's one
of the reasons why I don't want to have
them I don't feel like I have enough
time but I don't feel like Eve needs a
playmate because one thing you learn
about cats is the cats are pretty
solitary creatures some of them do fine
with another cat in the house but a lot
of them are very territorial and won't
like it so it's kind of playing Russian
roulette with adding another cat into
the mix and that's like the stem you
guys probably heard Jay there he's
streaming twitch.tv slash Jacko 5.2 pick
him up while he's screaming anyway if
you have watched any of the stories from
my cat from hell
you would see that a lot of the issues
stem from adding another cat into the
mix especially if it's been a while and
the first cat has already marked their
territory so to speak
also we're home all the time so even
never really has to feel lonely so yes
if we found another cat on the freeway
or there was another cat in need where
no one else wanted them I would do it
but I'm not gonna go out and seek
another cat
too much heartbreak when they don't live
longer than you here's hoping I die in
the next 15 years and the last question
is from Monty he says question if the
characters from the office were real who
would you fuck marry and kill you get a
cookie if you think of a creative way to
kill the person okay so obviously we're
gonna be killing Tobey but let me think
for a while on how I'm going to do that
I really hate fuck marry kill because I
never know if you're gonna fuck the
person you marry as well it's always
weird to me that you would separate fuck
and marry I would rather have it be
marry or fuck and then befriend or BFF
so I always just understand it as the
person you fuck is someone you would
fuck once and then the person you marry
is the person you would fuck a lot and
have a friendship with as well like the
total package soul mate kind of thing so
obviously I would marry Dwight oh the
fiction love of my life and I would fuck
huh who would I just fuck does it have
to be one of the main characters I feel
like if I had to just fuck someone once
it would be the actor who played hitman
in the first hitman movie I used to hate
that guy because of his rendition of
hitman I feel like it's all wrong like
agent 47 is not like that in my opinion
at least I have some issues with that
movie but then when I watched him in oh
I forget it was like some Western show
that got cancelled at a really awkward
time I forget what it's called if anyone
knows the first hitman movie actor who
was also briefly the Traveling Salesman
that the Indian chick thought was really
hot if anyone knows the name of that
western TV show let me know yeah that
would be my choice and how I would kill
Toby I do want this cookie I do hope it
is a vegan cookie that doesn't have that
many calories though I would spend about
a month being really really nice to Toby
just to let him know that I'm a friend
and show some kind of signals that I'm
interested in him sexually
I would lure him to my house with a
promise of like cocktails or something
stupid I would never do and sex
upon entering my house I would take one
of those cotton things with some of that
fucking epic hack or whatever makes them
fall asleep I don't know what it is and
knock him out just to avoid any of the
struggle because I'm not sure as a woman
if I would be able to overcome him as
fucking cocky of a man as he is men are
still biologically stronger than women
in most cases this case wouldn't be
different so I just want to make sure I
get the opportunity to kill
him slowly in the way that I would want
to I would drag him onto some plastic we
have hardwood floors so it wouldn't be
that bad but still I want to drag him
onto the plastic so the blood doesn't
seep into the hardwood floor then I
would slowly start filleting him from
balls to head then to toes making sure
that I go slowly enough so that the
blood coagulates and he doesn't bleed
out and he feels everything keeps
slapping him in the face to make sure
he's conscious and doesn't go
unconscious because we want him to feel
this and then I would slowly dismember
him cauterizing the wound every time and
make him as close to just a torso with a
head as I can before slowly slitting his
throat and watching the Life Drain out
of his eyes
this is a joke I feel the need to say
that I'm not going to kill anyone all
right guys let's get to this week's
packages that was fun the first package
we have here is this one it comes from
Pink Queen apparel Inc I'm not sure if
I'm gonna know who this is from because
quite frankly Oh Becca it's the fucking
leggings you bought me finally oh my god
he bought me he's like months ago and on
Amazon it says it's coming by October
13th but they're here they're like
really awesome fucking like pow boom
blip automata piya fuckin comic-book
leggings and we're gonna put these on
and hope that they fit and hope they
make my ass look good and it's gonna be
wonderful I'm so glad he's finally came
dude I fucking order them like a year
ago I swear not a year that's an
exaggeration but you know what I mean
yes they fit so well I love them so much
thank you pack a baby ma I appreciate it
took fucking long enough but it was well
worth the wait I also have something
else from Pekka I actually have a
package in this fine little envelope
very odd but it's like a Finland
envelope and it says some weird shit on
the back and that says together and
there's like some weird ass faces like
that one very weird and awkward but yeah
let's get it open
thank you pack up for sending this to me
I know it includes the poem that was in
the last shit Tara says that he wrote
for me but I don't know what else okay
so here's a little letter hey sexy babes
sending you this things some as promised
and some just cuz I can they might be
small in size but surely they have big
meaning to you and unlike rubber cunt
I'm do
this right and purely out of kindness
slash own will but is there really any
free will if there's no free will then
why is rubber tongue such a cunt he was
destined to be my little cock slave and
not trying to show my dick size or in
rubbers case lack thereof with love and
respect Pekka no need to read the
letters if you don't want on okay so the
first thing I see here is a little
postcard very cute I don't know what it
says it says holux yeah yeah moist uh me
elta and then on the back it says hugs
and joyful spirits from land of ice and
snow maybe far away but never out of
mind is that what it says on the front
of the card it's really cute though
because it's like even but but brown or
gray or whatever playing with like a hoe
like a hand hoe the real definition of
hoe with h OE you know that kind of hoe
very fucking cute Thank You Pekka and
then we've got a letter with Assassin's
Creed Nirvana Skyrim of Mona Mars and
ac/dc little stickers on the front and
it says letter number one so that's what
we're gonna open first
keka you're so sweet and thoughtful this
is amazing I talked to Pekka a lot at
least relatively a lot to how often I
talk to people in general and I consider
him a good friend but it's it's very
nice to get physical things and his
handwriting from him he said I don't
have to read the letter out loud but I'm
gonna read it out loud
cuz fuck it he didn't say I couldn't
after knowing you for this few years I
still wonder how the hell did I get to
know a girl like you so beautiful funny
full of life and most importantly Rea l
AF cringe you have been a true friend
when I needed it and you hopefully know
what it means to me that said I love you
and will be there until the colors fade
to gray Oh
live long and rock on Pecha Thank You
Barry
that's some sweet okay so letter two
more stickers Rammstein stickers very
cool go away for J to leave she always
watches me but I'm gonna I'm gonna show
you guys what would J is talking about
oh she's leaving now she's just she is
just sitting on the couch watching me
film what a cutie all right go away
she'll eat the battery damn dude
take it away the letter number two with
the Rammstein stickers is this the one
that you that you did for the for the
shit Tara says yeah it is okay in these
days of manmade wonders can we still
find something naturally wonderful
looking around among the chaos I see a
bright ray of light divine creature
standing with aura of true beauty kind
at heart
loyal beyond measure some fear her don't
understand her their judging eyes try
and rip her down but we don't we see her
the real her times like this made you
the way you are we now understand will
embrace that forever I love it I really
appreciate you actually sending me the
physical copy of this it's very sweet I
really want to get like a bulletin board
like poster board type thing and put up
all of the letters on it that everyone
who sent me and this would definitely be
front and center the first thing that I
put up you don't know how much this
means to me and I really appreciate it
thank you so much lighter shit now
lighter shit we also got from pekka's
letter Black Sabbath the do yours yes oh
yeah oh my footage is holy shit from
your taste in music and all of the
musicians and songs that you've shown me
how cool it is that I can find friends
all the way across the world you are
wonderful and I fucking love you this
isn't my baby
how you doing Eve yeah you want to stay
here with me no all right you can go you
can go then what okay the next package
we have is from Sean black attack but
I'm back Sean back okay okay okay what
do we got what do we got okay we're
gonna start with a letter we're gonna
start with the letter is that the card
is it a letter is it a letter card I
don't fucking know let's open it I know
I don't tell you this kind of stuff as
often as I should but I want you to know
that you're one of the most awesome and
inspiring people I know watching you
work so hard towards something you
believe in lifts everyone around you and
it makes them believe - you're so sweet
Sean not just in you but in the idea
that when someone puts their mind to
something they really
can make things happen after all you're
living proof I never thought that like a
printed card would be so fucking sweet
but I really feel like I'm hearing this
but I really but I really feel like I'm
hearing this directly from Sean Thank
You Sean I appreciate this so much
and comes with it the Mega Man Legacy
Collection - yes this is amazing I'm
getting a capture card this week I
actually went ahead and bought a capture
card and the reason I did so was I'm
playing Dark Souls 3 at the moment and
I'm nearing the end ish and I just
really enjoyed the game so much I felt
kind of shitty about not playing the
preceding games first so I'm gonna start
with demon souls on the ps3 and do Dark
Souls 1 & 2 because I've already done
blood-borne
and I think that'll solidify my love for
the franchise and my knowledge of the
lore anyway if you guys want to watch me
play Demon Souls on stream you know
twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock I do have a
twitch channel I try to stream every day
but sometimes you tubing just gets in
the way that damn you tubing some people
asked me what I would be doing if I
wasn't you tubing and it would just be
like full-time twitching twitching
sounds silly it sounds like some kind of
first-person shooter thing or like some
kind of retardation or something we hear
a Tara Babcock vlogs are not very PC are
we it's funny when I was younger like
people could actually appreciate humor
and not everyone was so PC PC was like
on the back burner of things it was like
the really overly emotional retards that
couldn't like handle their own egos or
whatever getting offended by things but
nowadays like I cringe at the slightest
thing because I know that somewhere some
feminist is like dripping tears and
screaming and crying it's like the worst
thing ever
speaking of which it looks like we
probably got something from Donald and
if not rubber tone oh it's from Melanie
I know you're busy today but can you add
me to your to-do list xox Melanie
Melanie I will add you to my to-do list
any day like you come to Vegas and you
say baby girl I got a pussy the knees
licking and I would say absolutely
absolutely come over whoa what is this
Mario's upside down okay Super Mario
World pixel pals I've no I don't I
didn't even know this existed I light up
oh my god this is cool holy shit
I also love how Melanie just adds pickup
lines to like everything that she sends
me or any like comments on videos it's
basically just like pickup lines they're
like parts or you're sexy or some I
don't know just I really like meeting
other girls that are kind of like me and
that they'll be kind of perverted or
there they'll be kind of pickup line II
or cheesy I just love that so I love you
girl thank you so much we have to see
this this is gonna be great for the
stream
how does he light up is he on oh no it
comes with batteries okay
you know what's amazing I was a 4js
little sex toy thing that I made him use
last night we actually ran out of
triple-a batteries and I had to use some
like old batteries from something else
but lo and behold this only needs two
and now I have some extra you are
fucking amazing girl what are you doing
I have to show you what he was doing
what are you doing oh my god she's
inside the bag she's in what are you
doing
Thank You Melanie for supplying Eve with
a new toy I should put her all the way
in the bag and give her to Jay should we
do it no no she doesn't fit very well
you get stuck in there and die and
perish Eve anyway I fucking highly
appreciate this I think it's amazing and
this is just really fucking cool there's
more of these I want these I'm gonna put
these on my wish list thank you for
showing me something another thing
that's fucking bad-ass that i want to
spend all of my money on I feel like you
should be in every video but then I also
want them on my stream so I don't know
it plugs into a USB power source oh you
can buy the USB adapter okay pixel pals
calm I'm going there I'm checking this
out this is fucking amazing
you are fucking amazing I can't wait to
have him lit up in all of my streams
okay we have one more package one mole
we've got the thing that holds the grass
the cat grass last time Nina sent me cat
grass but I didn't have the cat grass
holder and now we have the cat grass
hold on this has got to be from rubber
tongue and you put the cat grass inside
and then the cat grass grows out and you
can eat the shit out of it dear LM T May
Queen even joy her grass alot amazing LM
t I saw these online and figured you'd
like them so the first thing is a giant
owl they're fucking cute
of course we've got oh my God look what
we got in the box
we got a cutie you know our boxes are
the same and nothing's really in them
except for there is one thing if it's
not for you it's for me this says my
neighbor totoro figure if your whore
okay oh my god it's like a bunch of my
neighbor totoro
oh these are cute I'm going to show you
guys okay let's show you this black give
me the sieve give it yeah okay they're
so cute
oh my god so cute just like he we've are
you cute Eve are you cute hey hey listen
what what can you fuck why are you fuck
what is your problem you got a piker the
pika so there's this thing called piker
where cats will want to eat things that
are not edible and every like month I
feel like she has it because she
randomly like eats toilet paper and shit
but she doesn't actually eat it it's
more just like ruins it like she'll just
unroll the toilet paper and they'll be
like a few bites gone but she does try
to eat a lot of random shit alright guys
thank you so much for watching thank you
so much for sending me anything sending
me questions don't forget to send me
more juicy awesome thought-provoking
questions because that's one of my
favorite parts of Friday night mail also
letters or anything you have in mind I
also have an Amazon wishlist and my P o
box is listed in the description as
usual my birthday is in
a month a month in like 12 days so if
you have ever had the inkling to spoil
me with something little that would be
the time think of really good ps3 games
also that I could play on my stream
because the first console I'm gonna be
hooking up with my capture card is my
ps3 from myself and little Eve here we
love you and thank you so much and I
will see you next week for next week's
Friday night mail and if you want to
support in different ways I do have a
patreon and you can subscribe to me on
bid me for one dollar a month if you'd
like thank you so much I sincerely adore
you you guys are like the extended
family that I never had because my
extended family I don't care about kitty
