hey guys um so I bet you've been
wondering where the hell I've been for
the past at least like three days and
the only answer I have to that is that
I've been pretty sick and I've actually
been able to literally sleep almost 24
hours of the day like I would wake up
for like three hours when my roommate
had to go to work and then like an hour
when he got back and it would just the
rest of it would just be literally
sleeping I don't know what has been
wrong with me but um I think it has to
do with a certain morning after pill I
had to take a couple days ago which um I
remember i've only taken two one other
time okay so I'm pretty good at things
but the other time I do remember getting
a little bit sick but not necessarily
this sick so I'm not a hundred percent
prashanta manohar perfect for I'm not a
hundred percent sure if that's the
reason or if it's just because I came
down with some like minor stomach flu I
don't know but I've been queasy and I'm
feeling queasy again after doing the
Tarot talks and I don't think you
understand I had to do this week's Tara
talks and talk about the metal gear
solid limited collections i was called
light Legacy Collection Legacy
Collection yes it's like everyone so
it's metal gear metal gear to metal gear
solid one metal gear solid 2 HD Edition
Metal Gear Solid 3 HD Edition metal gear
solid four uh what is it something
edition then what is it it's another
like adjectives I remember and then
Metal Gear Solid a fucking peace walker
HD Edition and then a middle gear solid
VR missions so all of that was like a
mouthful and for some reason I couldn't
say with the correct enunciation like in
front of the camera uh and everything so
I did it like a hundred and fifty times
and I literally got to the point where I
was like I'm gonna puke if I keep like
being in front of these like hot like
studio lights I love doing this for the
Terra talks so give the Terra talks this
week some extra love you can find that
at youtube.com slash zoom in games z oo
m I n G am yes and that should be up
within I think 24 hours from when I post
this video so just to give you guys a
little update I'm feeling so much better
from my last
my last vlog I know you guys liked that
kind of honesty and I'm still being just
as honest it's just I'm happier now I
feel so much better like everything has
just fallen into place I'm really happy
to be home if I end up going to la again
I'm happy with that as well I'm really
enjoying the time at home with my
roommate everything is just so perfect
with him he's so amazing like you guys
don't know very much about him because
there's really like being in front of
the camera but he's muscular he's sexy
he's been my best friend for so many
years and then the close friend that I
told you guys about that I had to talk
with we are also doing pretty well like
everything always falls back to them
like they're the two like honest
relationships I've had I have in my life
that are like really really important to
me and it's funny because one of them is
kind of long distance so yeah I think
the plan is just to kind of go with the
flow do whatever makes me happy be
honest with myself and tell people what
I want because I a lot of what I do is
just pleasing people and it's like
second nature to me like I love pleasing
like even in bed when you think about it
I fucking love pleasing like seeing the
look on a guy's face when he's having a
good time that turns me on way more than
any like tongue exercises he could do on
my downstairs parts I'm feeling a little
silly right out like now that i'm laying
down my stomach doesn't hurt as much but
when i was planning to do today when i'm
playing to tomorrow so if you're
watching this on my blog channel head
over to twitch TV / tara babcock
tomorrow night i'll be doing a drunken
hearth stone of the stream and if you
guys don't know what hearth stone is
it's the new world of warcraft not world
warcraft warcraft based card game which
is really really fun and it's kind of
simple so i think i can do a drunk but i
have this six-pack that was left over
from the packs parties i was at and I
don't know what to do with it cuz I
don't drink and I thought the only thing
I could do with it that would be
productive would be to drink on stream
for you guys so it's my first time ever
everyone's always wanted this but I'm
gonna do it so be excited and then
tomorrow i'm also going to do some
videos afterwards I'm going to do Tara
Reid's comments for this week drunk I'm
gonna do my German vocabulary drunk
which should be fucking fun I've always
I wanted to make another like update
video to the
the Isle of Germans video and I wanted
to show you guys how much German
actually no because i'm not fluent but
I'm decent like I know the words and I
know how to like pronounce them in my
head but then when I do it out loud Oh
scheisse unfortunately but it'll be fine
so i'll be John I'll be slurring and
I'll be drinking that's beer so yeah
everything in my life is going pretty
good it's kind of cold in here but then
that I can't complain um what's up with
you guys let me know down in the
comments and thanks so much for all of
the like positive reinforcement I got
from you guys on last vlog how
supportive you guys were house sweet you
guys worried about my appearance even
like everything was so amazing and I
just I am so blessed to have you guys in
my life like seriously I think if each
and every one of you as like an extended
family that I could just tell things to
and just talk to and like it's so funny
because I get embarrassed when people
who actually know me and realize like I
know a few people who subscribe to my
channel who I know in real life i get
kind of embarrassed at how much I
actually do tell you guys and it's like
yeah I tell them that you know you can't
tell me not to you guys are like my
family and you guys are event to you
guys and I let you guys in on my life
and I think that's a big part of what
YouTube is supposed to be about
especially when it's like a vlog channel
so I don't know because of you guys this
last two years has been amazing i went
from this mute like stoic model person
that you guys knew nothing about who
would just make like faces into a camera
to the person that could open up and be
articulate and actually speak her mind
and i just i have you guys to thank for
that so thank you so much for everything
I love you guys and see you tomorrow
night for hilariousness Tara talks drunk
and streams funny german videos Tara
Reid's comments so much stuff in the
pipeline I am so sorry i've been sick
because i've been missing out on so many
streams i think i haven't streamed for
14 days and I haven't played a game of
starcraft for like two weeks let's
fucking bullshit I need to get back on
board fuck alright so yeah
I'm sorry my life has been hectic and I
have been streaming as much and like
playing starcraft as much just you know
those kinds of lives and as always when
I lay here my eyes starts watering but I
guess we're guys okay ha ha die well
