hey guys never mind the way I look I
been up pretty much for the last three
days with barely any sleep and then last
night I was able to sleep for almost the
whole day so I'm kind of confused about
excited last night I think it was like
yesterday afternoon and um I've been
having some weird dilemmas lately I'm
not wearing any makeup I I cried a
little bit today so things have been
pretty hectic I I'm kind of stuck in
this situation where I have a friend who
I wanted to be casual with and I ended
up realizing that he kind of I don't
know I worry about him right but my
philosophy is kind of like never get too
involved and never really interfere in
someone else's life because then you're
kind of telling them what to do and you
just want the people that you care about
and the people whose lives you're in you
know to just be happy and allow them to
do what they want with their lives
because that's what I expect for them
but when you see a friend who you care
about who you come to care about do
things that are not very safe for them
it's like where do you draw the line I
know you can be like I'm not gonna
partake in those things but when you
kind of take on that role of an
interventionist an interventionist I
don't know what the word for that would
be but at what point you kind of bring
it up to them and maybe set some ground
rules and basically just stick up for
yourself in your relationship because to
me it's like if I'm with someone who
let's say is doing drugs or sleeping
around or something and I'm worried
about it the best thing I can do is to
not push them away by telling them to
stop doing it or to be all intervention
II it's just to be there and not partake
and be a really strong positive
reinforcement in their lives so that's
what I've kind of been doing but I
realized that it's becoming kind of at
the expense of my own happiness and I
can't talk about this too much because
I mean I want to be as open with you
guys and what's going on in my life as
possible because I feel like normally
does that make you look more interesting
content but it's just who I am I don't
want any secrets I don't want any
secrets to be held from you guys or
anyone in my life but at the same time
it's sensitive information you know so
um no boobies in this video just talking
about actual feelings and if you end up
having feelings for someone you know you
of course just want them to be happy but
you also want them to be safe and you
want to be able to trust them and you
want to have that mutual trust and
that's hard to have I don't know Matt I
is crying I think it's cuz the fans on
I'm not actually having an emotional
breakdown right now I promise you but
it's just it's it's a dilemma and I
don't know I think for the most part I'm
really easy to please and it's really
easy for me to get into things and I'm
just really open and I'm cool pretty
much everything but at the same time it
you know there are things that like I
have my own set things that I will and
will not do because I care about my
health my safety and that of my friends
but yeah I mean everyone has their own
opinions and everyone has their own life
paths that they're following so I think
think what I'm gonna do is just take a
step back take everything and take all
the facts in think about things
logically decide what I want to do so
yeah that's about it I don't know I
don't know what else to talk about I
have been working really hard on my
YouTube channel obviously everything are
both YouTube channels I'm back doing
Tara talks which is amazing I've missed
working with zooming games and I missed
all the comments and all the fans that
are that are like we're gonna get our
gaming news so I'm really excited that
I'm doing that other than that yeah I
think I'm gonna go
maybe edit some more videos or maybe
play some magic I am in love with magic
thoroughly in love with magic I'm also
in love with suits I don't know if I've
talked to you about this before but I am
in love with Harvey Specter from suits
because he is just so like sexy and his
last name is mocked which is like AB
Durman descendant of German descendency
of German descent I fuck I don't know
dude I am so out of it but it's so hot
and soos is such a good show and
everything is just other than that
everything is just wonderful and I'm
doing things one step at a time and just
kind of taking everything in going with
the flow and having fun okay my train
outside that you guys can probably hear
saying that I should probably wrap this
up because my eye is crying too much
English too much wind and I probably
should like take a shower or something
I'm so gross-looking it's awful see you
know I love you guys when I give you the
view of me without any makeup at all
after cried and not slept this is about
as ugly as I get just putting that out
there guys
hahaha dad I will
