hey guys what's up I just finished
unboxing the loot crate for this month
let me try on some light so it's not as
harsh in here come on light let there be
light there we go adapt thank you okay
so now it's bright in here and wonderful
I just finished unboxing loot crate for
August and I think you can see the
carnage that is everywhere from it lots
of cool stuff I'm wearing a lot of it a
lot of aperture laboratories stuff from
portal to portal in general I am like I
don't know if you can see that but for
some reason I'm peeling I think I might
have gotten sunburned at some point and
you would know it which is actually
pretty weird when you think about it
like when wind that even happened and
what happened and what's going on my
shirt is awesome it's caffeine powerup
you know like you need you need to power
up with caffeine as a gamer oh look at
that
it's jumpy and a questionmark block put
me out question mark block work why are
you not working are you dead did you die
did you die what is it going on so fuck
it I've decided that the weekends
whenever I have time I am going to go
with some friends to this place called
afk tavern which is an awesome place
that is a bar and restaurant that looks
kind of like something you would see in
Skyrim and people play tabletop games
RPGs and card games there I am so
excited to go because my whole life I
have wanted to play Magic the Gathering
and I want to learn how to play tabletop
games and D&D and just roll play and be
like awesome as hell and have some kind
of cool like persona or just like rape
people and card games that sounds like
fucking amazing right so um we decided
we're gonna start doing that I mean like
I feel so weird because I never go out
with friends and lost them out of town
like in LA or something and I don't like
to go to clubs because clubs are fucking
stupid so where can I go right I can go
to a place where I can play fucking
games and do nerdy things that make me
happy when I was younger as I said I
used to play a lot of pokemon cards and
I just found out today that pokemon card
the trading card game is online as well
so I fucking gotta do that right like
holy shit I don't know if I want to do
Magic the Gathering online or in real
life because there's no card transferal
flex just someone says there is if you
get a full set you can actually get the
cards in real life that you got online
but you can't upload like code on the
real life cards that you get for the
online game because and that would fuck
up the balance of the game and decks
that are out there that are available
digitally or some shit like that so it
sucks that I have to choose kind of
between online magic and real life magic
because I know I'll never go somewhere
in real life to play pokemon cards
anymore so the obvious choice there is
just to do it online but with magic it's
like you if you want to be legit you're
gonna be doing it in real life but you
can't do it is often in real life as you
would like to so you want to go online
and then you don't have to like go
somewhere to buy cards or like keep
cards nice but there are some cool like
card protectors out there I'm a rad
I had cool card protectors for my
Pokemon cards and now I want to get some
really cool ones that I've like naked
bitches on the back or something I
should get Tara Babcock card protectors
like make those and then when I get if I
get like really really popular in like
magic or in any kind of card game I can
just like sell those you know or like
just give them out I don't fucking I
don't know give them away at some nerdy
event that they do I'm so freaking weird
I don't even talking about I'm just like
a randomly talking I don't know my house
is like a mess right now of like the
studio stuff because I just got finished
filming and then I edited some stuff and
I'm supposed to be streaming but I
really don't feel like it and I feel so
bad I feel so guilty when there's a day
where I did have time to stream but I'm
just like really lazy and I would rather
do something else but today it's just
is that around the lootcrate stuff is
fun
don't forget loot crate calm slash Tara
Babcock and use the discount code Tara
Babcock to get three dollars off your
first crate look crate is fucking
amazing I literally am like I cannot
wait until September's loot crate and
that's like fucking one whole month away
also this weekend is pax pax prime here
in Seattle I didn't get tickets but I
have a friend trying to get some tickets
for me I I put in my media registration
the day after media registration close
what the fuck right I'm so fuckin bad at
timing it's awful but um on Sunday night
I am going to the wargaming after-party
with clutch as his plus-one and I guess
it's kind of sort of a date but not that
kind that could lead to anything
romantic because I don't do that you
know I'm not a dater I'm just gonna go
as his plus-one and we're gonna have
some fun and I always love hangouts
clutch I haven't actually gotten a
chance to sit down and talk to him more
than like two seconds in between like
Starcraft matches and stuff at like some
events so that's gonna be nice I'm gonna
actually wear a dress and try to look
halfway girly instead of just being
really really casual like I usually do
blogs every single day because I don't
really have anything to talk about I'm
just like blathering definitely just
blathering Oh Facebook that's my cue
boy boys boys
why on earth I will
