hey guys good morning oh my god I stream
today with tumescent pie who's going
through a bit of a hard time right now
so I'm like you know I could be there
for my friend and I think he's a great
guy I think a lot of people hate on
people who act like jackasses online and
don't really understand why they act
like jackasses I think it's just kind of
to compensate for an actual lack of
confidence or a sadness in their lives
so I think people should be more
understanding of like internet personas
and how like people that you know fame
or attention on the internet go to their
heads and I don't I don't like that
whole like argument that people usually
have against like people getting
sensitive about things they hear on the
internet about themselves and their
everyone always says like oh my god
welcome to the Internet bla bla bla
everyone's gonna talk shit on the
internet that's how just how the
Internet is instead of taking
responsibility for being a douche bag
and just like being at least one person
who's not being that stereotype of an
idiot who has that anonymity on the
internet so they're gonna be an asshole
to everyone and just act like no one
should be offended by the mean things
that they hear on the Internet
I personally it doesn't affect me
because I have thick skin I got used to
it through the modeling I am confident
in myself and I have I am sound
emotionally right but not everyone is
and not everyone understands that shit
so I really think people should be more
sensitive to it but anyway what news do
I have I don't know I have this news
tomorrow I will be unboxing and
uploading my first-ever loot crate and
if you guys want your own loot crate you
can go to loot crate calm slash tear
Babcock and use the coupon code Tara
Babcock to get three dollars off your
first crate and you know what that means
that means every single month if you buy
a crate you are going to get geek and
gamer gear straight to your house so you
get to unbox and they love getting like
the documentation from an unboxing that
you do they love like seeing all that
stuff so if you like tweet them or
youtube it or whatever it's a great
YouTube material trust me I'm doing
I am unboxings for lootcrate on my nerdy
show-and-tell show so that should be
pretty cool
in other news I'm wearing a onesie how
was that I don't know computer monitor
oh yeah onesie time I don't see my ass
in the one thing okay just this one so I
show my ass on the interwebs that's not
true I do it into Tara Reid's comments
five as well cuz like if I don't have
the restrictions that which puts on me
to be a partner where I have to be like
a hundred percent PG but of course I'll
do things like uhm in videos and stuff
that are just kind of flirting and
showing a little bit more like I mean
have you seen my modeling pictures I
like barely have any clothes on I I love
being naked I think you'd actually get
to a point where you're comfortable with
your nakedness and everything I think
that's awesome
yeah what else is going on I love German
men hmm I just don't men in general men
are so like fascinating they're like
intelligent but stupid at the same time
right it's wonderful like I don't know
what the world would do without men like
men make my world go around my best
friend is a man make your lover is a man
all of my friends are men if your people
are men
my favorite personalities are men I
don't know women are beautiful to look
at and they can be a lot of fun to hang
out with but they just don't compare it
man I'm so glad I'm a woman so I get to
enjoy men without like being you know
branded some kind of like subculture or
something you know what I mean like
being gay kind of sucks right now in
society I mean you can't get married in
most states people still look down on
you and people saw this stigma around
you which is total fucking bullshit
right like I love the no hate campaign
because they fucking just spread
awareness with all of the like
celebrities who like aren't even gay
just people that understand that you
know everyone should have right I really
don't understand like we got past
slavery and stuff like that why are we
still judging people based on anything
like sexual preference what they do in
the prize
see of their own home you have the right
to judge someone based on that that's
fucking ridiculous Wow all these like
deep topics that I'm going into in this
blog well it's been four and a half
minutes and I should probably go um but
remember stop judging people be nicer to
people in general I mean I don't even
like people as a whole
there's just logic dictates that you
just don't be an asshole
for no reason you don't take your
frustrations out on other people and you
don't like push your own morals on
others right okay bye guys I hope you
enjoyed my ass and my onesie that one z
1 z 1 z 1 z 1 z oh come on don't work I
need to stop making videos when I've
been up all night
oh I recorded today my first my second
losing my virginity and this time I
played guns of Icarus which is a fucking
epic game it's so much fun it's an
online game where you can eat beat 103
classes you can be an engineer a pilot
or a gun a gun gunner gunner and it's
fucking fun because you're like on this
plane or this like blimp type thing like
it's old-school and the graphics are
beautiful and the gameplay is fun and it
doesn't take too long to find a match
which I thought it would because you
know it doesn't seem like a very popular
game but it looks like tons of fun I had
tons of fun you guys should try it out
and check my other channel so you can
see more about that yeah bye guys
Wow the hard I will
