I realize I didn't do a blog yesterday
and I'm trying to do it every day so
yeah there we go
awesome and I'm not naked you thought it
was but I'm not
so this place is cool it's awesome and
we're going to see Elysium I don't even
know if that's how you pronounce it you
know
Louise you know something I'm channel is
room alizarin okay so I'm going to see
it because I found out about it I was
looking at sexy pictures of Kellan Lutz
and he did an interview with Matt Damon
and they said it was a little in elysium
interview so I was like holy shit
he'll nose is gonna be in Elysium but
then I found out that it's not but I
checked IMDB so what else is new
there's some crazy streamer chickens on
Twitch who like literally acts like a
camera like she doesn't just like have
boobs or look hot
she acts like
she was actually like sucking on
lollipops and moaning and it's just
being great like crazy like I thought
she was joking and then she sang she's a
crucian girl and she's a virgin which is
funny I mean I thought it was
entertaining but twitch wants you to
make the focus of your stream be the
game and your personality and if
sexuality becomes the forefront they ban
you and so she got banned and after that
she kind of started blaming myself and
other female streamers including Mia
Rose fiash and stuff like that saying
that were just is bad it's quite funny I
don't know
I hate eating cold things that have
something in them that I have to bite
because in my chew I end up like doing
that yeah so not much else been
streaming hearthstone beginning decent
at it he's having a good time
I mean dota I uploaded a dota pod which
is awesome I got a bunch of new games
dead space what else did I get just a
ton of new games and it's also a lot of
people have been giving me games on
Steam so thank you so much guys I feel
so spoiled you guys are doing this it's
amazing but I'm gonna go now it's been
two minutes I mean this is a sufficient
vlog and I hate this lighting and
ha ha dad I will
