guys its morning time and I've been up
all night first I was streaming then I
was recording hearthstone gameplay for
my first episode of losing my virginity
which I'm really excited about on
YouTube on my youtube channel the other
one slash model Tara Babcock and then I
started watching caldor's stream and
modding it and it kind of got crazy and
now it's 7 a.m. and I have been up all
day and I have to sort the where the
laundry goes so I'm going to do that
while I talk to you guys so let's see we
have a sock dark then we have this this
is light but not really but it just is
ok just don't question my authority I
got panties panties are always light
unless they like really are gonna bleed
boxers look at these ok I see it's
striped purple and black boxers are dark
and I got this
so she was overall really rewarding
because I was able to do a lot of things
across a lot of things off of a list
that I haven't been trying to do forever
which is start the losing my virginity
series and that made me really happy
because I mean first of all it's the
first gameplay that I've done that
wasn't streamed that I'm gonna be
uploading we're just freaking awesome
right because you all have been asking
for that you all are like come on
stop just uploading stream buds that's
too fucking easy and apparently even if
the fucking content is still good if
it's easy to do it's not ok so I
recorded about 40 minutes of me gaming a
new game and I got this
um timing from totalbiscuit who does the
WTF is which is his first impressions of
video games but mine are gonna be just
more like non-technical just like me
playing video games for the first time
showing how bad I am at them and then
having a good time with them finish this
I don't know why it so hard for me to do
things and talk the same
right down okay so now I'm laying down
on the bed hopefully no boobs came out
during this so I don't have to redo it
because that would suck how let's take a
workout it's weird like I'm not sweating
but I'm out of breath I think I need to
work on my cardiovascular system that's
for sure
so yeah other than that thank you guys
so much for watching me play hearthstone
on stream it's so funny I streamed
Starcraft and then right when I was like
dude I can't stream Starcraft anymore
I'm getting really stressed out today
the server went down and I was like well
fuck it I'll just keep playing
hearthstone
so I started streaming hearthstone and
then I sent all my viewers over to
kelder which is fun and I think I'll be
streaming the rest or more often I'm
gonna start streaming dota2 um still I
want to make sure that everything is
Starcraft 2 centered because Starcraft 2
is by my baby my love my passion and the
dream career I want to eventually have
but I also want to start streaming other
things I need to get back into retro
night the only reason I'm so dreading
retro night is because Abe's Oddysee is
so fucking hard and for some reason when
everyone told me about sucking in Abe's
Oddysee that like hit me
wait harder than any other time
someone's been like Oh Tara you suck at
video games you know like today I was
sucking at hearts tongues is my first
like legitimate card game I've ever
played
I don't know if you guys know this but I
used to be a pokemon card nerd like I
would go to tournaments and like Wizards
of the coast I know there's stuff like
that and I would compete and I got like
badges and I got Cerulean City badges
Boulder whatever what was it called
you know Brock's City I got all those
badges I and my dad used to take me like
he and I bonded when I was younger
because I was little total tomboy and I
just loved video games and nerd or nerd
stuff and Tech and then when I kind of
started hitting that like girls stride
where I started getting into makeup and
stuff we kind of weren't as close we're
just kind of funny because he's like oh
you're actually a girl that's weird I
know he always wanted the guy but anyway
I'm trailing off talking about silly
shit so yeah I played pokemon cards and
when I was at the Wizard of the coast
watching people play Pokemon tournaments
and stuff and playing in my own I was
always like Magic the Gathering that is
the grown-up game when I get to like 15
I'm gonna be playing magic the fucking
Gathering and I saw people playing
Dungeons and Dragons and they have like
a fucking Dungeon Master and they're
just making shit up and they're having a
great time it's like the nerdiest should
ever and they're like role-playing like
crazy I was like that's gonna be me but
then I kind of just transitioned like
hardcore into actual video games and
stuff rather than like tabletop no one's
ever even taught me how to play chess
but can you believe that and all of the
men in my life and all of the
intelligent people I've come across
no-one's taught me how to play chess
what is up with that that is some fucked
up shit right now okay so I am very
tired I've been up all night I've been
up since I think before noon yesterday
and I think I should stop talking to you
guys because I'm pretty sure I'm a
little delirious alright guys I love you
thanks for watching this nonsense achlys
video of nonsensical z'
Wow hard I will
