hello I just finished my first story him
in two weeks and I'm really excited
about it so I just wanted to make
today's vlog it's weird because i was
like i'm totally not gonna do a vlog
every single day i'm not going to be
able to think of things to talk about
every single day but i think i'm gonna
actually try to start doing it um not
every day I we just don't have something
to talk about I am really tan right now
I'm in front of that light that always
makes me look super pale and it can
still do its jump I get really close to
it and my eye hurts a lot because every
time I get back into streaming it's like
fucking I pains forever fear immer oh
but yeah um yesterday i unboxed this my
new headset from gamester gear and i
couldn't even get my roommate to help me
get rid of that weird whining that it
has so it's still doing the winding
which means that I'm not going to be
using it at all which is sad because the
base is so fucking sick like what I'm
listening to music is like found
especially like dubstep or something
it's fucking like epic right so I'm
really sad that I'm not going to be
using it it makes me depressed also I
have been playing fucking animal
crossing because animal crossing is
fucking awesome right so um yeah animal
crossing is fun and J played my roommate
also played on my on my D s so he lives
in the city that I am marrow which is
pretty cool I thought he would have his
own little city but instead he's just
living there it's a fun game and I
downloaded some demos let's see what
demos i downloaded i downloaded hold on
i find it no I didn't say I wanted the
fucking camera stupid stupid device it's
hard to do things with one hand oh I've
like bad Skinner now it's awful ok
this way so i downloaded ah fucking
etrian odyssey for the demo i had
downloaded brain age concentration
cheney training once keep happening stop
activating goddamn shit oh and somebody
sent me at the zelda game the ocarina of
time the 3ds version which is fucking
awesome so there's brain age
concentration crap it is really annoying
there's like one back into back download
it if you don't know what I'm talking
about it's awful Mario and Luigi dream
team is the best one that I downloaded
the demo I haven't played it yet though
I just know what's gonna be the bestest
Marlin Luigi dream team which is like
every every Nintendo everything is dream
everything so that's good Castlevania of
course that's something that's like
obligatory right you have to download
that so yeah and I'm hoping to get more
zelda games more mario games and more
fun games over all right it's fucking
awesome there's all my stuffed animals
yeah stuffed animals are epic rah and
yeah I'm just a little bit hyper stream
I well I lost more than I one in
starcraft but it's ok and i'm going to
go play my first series of my losing my
virginity um serious my first show of my
losing virginity series I'm just like
babbling now at this point and um it's
gonna be hard stone so I'm gonna try out
hearthstone for the first time for about
a half hour let you guys know what I
think of it play maybe like I'm I don't
know if you could they're called matches
in that game or what not but I'm just
letting you guys know what I think about
the game and then upload it as a series
awesome right okay I'm gonna go i wish i
was going to gamescom but i'm not so
that's just another update but i'm not
going to be going to games come so don't
cry too much that we're not going to
cuddle they're so sad
here's my youtube my youtube vlog
channel ello govna and then I've got
this I don't know what this is spam
hello Sam fuck off hello haha okay I'm
gonna go um hopefully this wasn't the
most annoying blog ever probably was and
I'm sorry so he'll be happy Dodd aye
well made
