kind of like a red chili-pepper or
something but for your clitoris so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys I'm
back albeit still a little bit sick but
today without fail we are gonna be
unboxing some amazing Adam and Eve sex
toys and lingerie okay so before we get
into this I want to let you guys know
that with my promo code Sarah you can
get 50% off almost any one item and free
shipping in the US and Canada now so
definitely take advantage of that I take
advantage of that yes I know it's hard
to believe that with all the things they
send me I'm still not full of sex toys
but a girl can never have too many sex
toys variety as I always say in sex ed
is key I would like to give an extra
special thank you to Adam and Eve for
sponsoring this video as well as sending
me the products sponsors especially sexy
and good ones that I can get behind are
very welcome especially in today's
youtuber add a revenue climate so the
first thing is of course the thing that
I'm wearing right now it's a body
stocking one size fits all and let me
tell you you have to be pretty fucking
obese not to fit into this sometimes I
say one size fits all and it only fits
the tiniest tiniest mini girls this has
tons of room to spare tons of room on
top of that I just find it so fucking
sexy it's less like a body suit to me
and more like body paint because it
makes you look like you're wearing a
Teddy garters and stockings it has an
opening in the crotch area so if you're
gonna do vaginal or anal you're covered
with this don't even have to take it off
and to know the gold pasties don't come
with it it is from the brand elegant
moments and on the cover is my girl
Jessa Hinton makes this suit look badass
and since I felt a little Jennifer II
today I'm actually wearing universe
Joker
I feel like this body stalking is what
yennefer would wear if she wore anything
to seduce gerelds so hot moving on the
next thing that we have is a mini one of
those back massagers that turned into
the thing that the girls use to
absolutely pulverize their clitoris --is
into orgasmic euphoria this one however
is pink compact and it's wireless come
to mama
slide the top off and it's right there
it fits nicely in my hand very well made
silicone with a little bit of chrome
plating the head actually moves up and
down a little bit pretty cool it's
medical grade silicone it has seven
different modes and you can recharge it
with a very easy to charge little one of
those penis-looking chargers in the butt
just like that super high quality great
grip I'm excited to try it
I actually love these the first time I
saw these and heard that they were for
masturbation I was like what do you do
with some vibrating big thing and it's
not what you might think you don't stick
it inside your vagina it's actually
especially the original quite too big
you massage your clitoris with it and it
feels really good
it's like insta orgasm the first time I
tried it and again if my voice sounds a
little weird today it's because I'm
still a little sick side note the best
thing to have around when you're sick is
sex toys when you're not feeling that
great you might not want to get up and
do a lot of activity you might be dizzy
nauseated what have you but having
orgasms regardless even if you're
feeling too sick to do so alleviates
pain so it's definitely one of my
favorite things to do when I'm laying on
the couch sick speaking of which we've
got the satisfier next generation 2.0
this is very similar to one of my
favorite products that looks like this
that I got I think last time but this is
the next-gen pro 2.0 so we're gonna
check this out and see if it's any
better it's really cool it actually does
this little like pulsating thing that
targets the clitoris so here's what it
looks like it's bigger it's got a bigger
open area here and you turn it on
initially it's just like a very low
pulse it's very quiet too that's one
thing I love about this that even when
it's at its loudest when you put it up
against the skin you can't hear it
anymore it's just a very low hum oh man
this is gonna be a lot of fun definitely
a lot more power than the other one that
I have I really feel like this thing has
earned its name satisfier it's also fun
to play with the frenulum on a guy if
you have this and you want to mess
around before sex with your guy girls
this is just clit heaven trust me you
have to try one of these I'm excited to
try my new one more power always a good
thing
power overwhelming
yeah sorry I'm a nerd oh wow in the
warnings that actually says remove any
piercings or jewelry in your clitoral
area before use I admit I have a
clitoral hood piercing and you do not
have to do that do not throw a product
in fire
it actually has detailed instructions on
how to use this spread the labia apart a
little to free the clitoris with gentle
pressure place the oval head on your
clitoris making sure the head is
situated comfortably in the hollow in
the hollow sounds like some kind of
creepy thing from hollow night or Dark
Souls or something once you've found the
ideal position you won't need to move
the toy again it's true you just like
put it on your clit and just like in
store orgasm it's really good the next
toy we've got is the dual lover it has
two vibrators that look like leaves
they're like nice little curved leaves
this top one here is supposed to situate
on top of your clitoris
and this one goes inside and stimulates
your g-spot however you could totally
use this one for the anus and this one
for the actual opening of the vagina I
feel like some woman cervixes are
actually rotated that way so that will
hit the g-spot better anyway so if
you're into anal or if you're not you
can try both of these also a great toy
for someone who can to orgasm without
clitoral stimulation which is like 75%
of girls so you always want to have
something that's in the vagina and on
the clitoris trust Terra Terra nose this
is called the Bella dual lover by the
way it has seven functions hot pink /
fuchsia / kind of purple the unbuttons
in the middle and then you can sort
through different functions without
panned down buttons
it's very pliable and versatile so it
doesn't matter what your Anatomy is like
it's gonna fit in all the holes you want
it to whichever holes those may be
however it does seem to take real
batteries total length is eight point
three seven five inches by the way
something for the guys something that I
personally requested because I wanted
Jay to try it because it looks pretty
cool this is an actual head massager but
while you're jerking off guys put this
little thing on the head of your penis
there's like little barbed things inside
very interesting I've got a dildo here
to show you what I'm talking about it
has ten modes ten different vibrations
right here is the vibrating bullets and
it just sort of massages tickles and
stimulates your head while you're
jerking it but if you're into extra
stimulation on the head of your penis or
you want to be teased before
you get into it watching a Jo eye or
something definitely check something
like this out it's really different
really interesting and it's minimalist I
love how they make male sex toys black
okay we have two more things left and
I've saved the best for last actually we
have three more things left and I've
saved the obscure for last this one came
like this so I'm not actually sure what
it is
oh all right we've got a little velvet
bag and inside we have got the most
beautiful glass little dildo I've ever
seen it's cute it's curved I like it I
am NOT a huge fan for myself of glass
dildos but I love the way that they look
actually like collecting them I feel
like this one wouldn't be too bad
because it doesn't have a bunch of bumps
but I feel like when I'm using a glass
dildo or a glass sex toy it always feels
a little bit more abrasive and if it
happens to hit any harder parts of my
body like bones or anything it's kind of
painful and a lot less like a real dick
than any of the other dildos I've shown
here that are body-safe silicone I do
love that it comes with its own little
bag that's very cute and it's absolutely
gorgeous let me show you so if you're in
to something that's portable and also
something that's glass and people might
not even know what it is they might
think it's like a pipe for smoking weed
or something I definitely recommend you
check this out okay and have that - this
this is like one of those little tongue
vibrator things that are like in the
shape of a tongue and they're meant for
the opening of your vagina or clitoral
stimulation but this one is the best
because it has this little hole here and
I'll tell you why in a moment but it
looks very sexy it's got a sexy couple
here on the front Packaging is very
professional and it has 10 intense
functions it's called the Cal exotics
red hots Park ladies and gentlemen here
it is let me take it out so it is a
little vibrating bullet if you can see
it actually vibrates back and forth it's
supposed to be pointy but it's vibrating
back and forth right now which is really
great and it has this hole here so you
can actually stick your clitoris in
between and it's like 360 stimulation of
your entire clitoris which is definitely
gonna make you cum really fast you might
have to turn down the vibration or move
it away from you a little bit I know if
I have orgasms recently or if I've been
playing with my clitoris too much it
gets really sensitive and this is just
all-around pleasure it has one of those
little holes in the back so you charge
it with a little plugin no batteries
very
Griet very small people will probably
think it's like a keychain or something
I don't know but I love it I'm super
excited about this one it's not oh
really trying to look like a tongue and
remind you of kind of Lingus or anything
it's got a bunch of different functions
oh my god this is crazy like do you hear
this it's so vibrating I'm gonna like
this one something so simple yet so
perfect functional practical quiet and
enticing kind of like a red chili pepper
or something but for your clitoris okay
guys I saved the best for last and I
know this is gonna be the best I
actually picked this out I really wanted
to see what this was about this is
called the 10 settings deliver lust link
vibrator and flogger okay so this is
like a vibrating BDSM vlogger that you
can stick places where the Sun don't
shine it's like an all-in-one thing I'm
just gonna rip the box here so I don't
give a shit I am so excited okay so
we've got like it's like a rubber
vlogger right with three cat tails great
for beginners cuz it's not gonna apply
that much pain and the end is shaped
kind of like a dildo and it vibrates so
you can tantalize your partner all well
flocking the shit out of him or her I
think this is a really cool intro
high-tech little BDSM number that should
definitely be in everyone's repertoire
of sex toys you can flog you can
penetrate you can tease it has it all
I feel like I'm actually trying to sell
this to you and while I don't get
commissioned from anything that you guys
buy from Adam and Eve I feel like I do
have a good handle on what's gonna be
great and what you should definitely try
out it isn't one of those senseless
add-ons where it's just like oh we're
gonna sell it as something different
where it has something that's not gonna
be of any use this is actually
functional I mean it is a dildo and it
can also be used anally because the base
is so wide it's not gonna get lost
alright guys I hope you guys have
enjoyed this little video here I'm so
happy to be back thank you so much to
everyone who checks out Adam Nev comm is
my promo code Tara for 50% off almost
any one item and free shipping in the US
and Canada you guys are great you guys
support the channel and thank you to
Adam and Eve for sponsoring this video
let me know in the comments if you guys
think my sick voice is a sexy raspy
voice or if it just kind of sounds like
I have a lisp I will see you guys in the
next sex toy slash sex ed unboxing video
and even though this isn't
a sex ed video keep fucking and never
stop trying new things
enjoy I'm gonna go test out these
products
