oh my god guys hey guess what I have
some really really exciting news for you
and if there are some of you who don't
know about this service you need to know
now it is called look great and
basically what it is it's the monthly
subscription to just getting like a
chest full of gamer and nerd and geek
gear to your house every single month
right so this is like really awesome and
I think it's like seventeen dollars a
month but if you use the promotional
code tara babcock all one word and I
think caps you get up three dollars off
your subscription and I think it's three
dollars off every month and it helps me
out too so if you want to do this you
can go to any of my youtube channel um
you have my videos and you'll see right
there you can get three dollars off epic
monthly loot at loot crate oh fuck I'm
like editing things or you can use the
discount code tara babcock or if you
don't want to do that you can always go
to my twitch TV channel and it's right
there you just click and it takes you to
my portal where you can get money off so
I'm really excited about this I'm going
to be incorporating monthly Luke writes
into my nerdy show and tell and
basically I'm just going to be unboxing
the loot crate and like giggling and
geeking over all the things to come out
of it so it's really awesome I mean you
get things like you'll get like sonic
air fresheners like Star Wars headphones
has you get shirts stickers thanks for
your car decals and a bunch of awesome
stuff so this is like the most amazing
thing I've ever heard of I found out
about it through watching Tobuscus
videos and I was like wait there's a
service that allows you to get like a
chest of loot for gamers and geeks every
month like different random stuff that
you can have that like you probably
can't find anywhere online like
exclusive things surplus things so I'm
greatly excited about this and I just
cannot wait for my first crate which i
think is coming as you can see right
here it says four days six hours and six
minutes until the next loot crate goes
out to everyone who subscribed so don't
forget discount code tara babcock or
loot crate home / tara babcock and you
get a discount through me and we can
both share the loop together so do it
it's amazing isn't it
you think I'm so excited I can't wait to
unbox all of these every single month
and to show you guys all the awesome
stuff that I get oh and there's
something cool about it too because
there's themes so this month's theme is
cake which I'm assuming is going to be
like a portal type thing and um in
addition to theme they also give out a
mega crate and mega crates are amazing
they have something like really
expensive and huge and amazing you can't
get anywhere else in the crate and our
random subscriber will get that so like
i said tara babcock discount code or
luke recom / tara babcock I hope you
guys enjoyed this and this is going to
be my vlog gushing about crates of loot
juede well made
