hey guys what's up its my second vlog on
this trip and today we're going to talk
about what I'm going to be doing today
and till the end of the trip which is
going to be going to WCS na and I'm
gonna be moving over to live with or to
live with to stay with living pink in
her hotel today so exciting i'm waiting
on my taxi right now i have this kind of
funny little outfit here like stripes
with other stripes that totally doesn't
match but i decided to wear it because
why not I couldn't find my starcraft
shirt unfortunately and I'm like well
whatever I'll just find it when i get to
the hotel and you know actually go
through my bags I'm like fighting the
urge really bad to like keep chewing my
gum so why so are some things are going
on um the Muslim only made top 16 I
think so he's not going to be at this
event which is kind of sad because Evan
seen him in a while and I think it would
be cool to see him and I'll be seeing
Rotterdam and some of the other casters
and some of the players that I know I
don't know how many people going to be
here because I know that W says you and
WCS Korea are all going on right now and
we also have the International which
people like select are going to be at
some sad news & eSports that I'm
probably going to try to get some
interviews about at the event it is um
basically MLG is not going to be hosting
starcraft anymore at least at columbus
so a lot of people are like talking
about how Oh a sports is dying and you
know we're so screwed and Starcraft's in
particular is dying which is you know
the eSport that I care about the most
likely Legends is cool but it's not so i
know that starcraft is not dallying
obviously I mean brood war was like a
much worse seen in a much smaller seen
it stuck around for what like 15 years
or some crazy shit like that so I don't
have any like worries about that I'm
just more worried about the na scene
because any scene is pretty small and
there aren't that many like good players
in the first place but all the marketing
money is going to na i mean EG is like
the most rich team ever right so um I
can't see it completely going away my
banks like fucking or retarded I didn't
like blow dry them down today and I have
this like really long hair I really hate
it I don't know why it's just like
they're so unmanageable you know and I
blow dried my hair with my hair upside
down there with my head upside down my
hair up Sam so that um it's like
fluffier and that leaves me with my
sticking straight up sorry wet them and
will bro the blow dry them separately
and all that oh well let's kind of show
you oh I have something cool oh there's
Griffin hi Griffin oh cute is he he's
like the cutest thing ever right he's
not too talkative today wonder why
usually we would have something witty to
say where did I put the thing there's
okay so I forgot to give this back to
angie's or to Angie sister to Toby
sister but um this is an e-cigarette
and it's like water vapor and it's
really addicting to like do this motion
of like sucking on something sucking on
something and then and then look fucking
phone college Cove my blog anyway so
yeah I'm playing with this and it's fun
it's the equivalent of two packs of
cigarettes or something I think I'm
ten-dollar so you have to like buy them
quite often if you're like a heavy
smoker but I've just been dabbling and
using it for my oral fixation that I
know you guys know I have if you watch
my stream because I'm always like
fucking chewing on things sharing gum
right now smoking an e-cigarette and
yeah what else am I excited about um I
don't know I'm just really happy to like
me here and alyssa is here but i'm not
going to show her because she like just
woke up and she would kill me but i
think later we will be doing look
swimmers were ah i have to show the cool
things on stream or won't stream dude I
I cannot like bridge the gap between the
two different types of content that I do
so I have to show the cool stuff on
camera well I can ah cuz I don't know
what I'll be back here well yeah um you
guys should check out the vlog that
Alyssa and I were in yesterday on Toby's
channel tobyturner channel with the lazy
blog it was cute we were reading silly
things weren't we yes we were eating and
and she was reading it as Sean Connery
would say something say something Sean
Connery is reading important things on
the internet and his female and
attractive female I'll show you guys for
later we're gonna do something we got we
did something together something like
well like I was telling her what was I
saying we can do we want you
would you would you rather yeah we could
play would you rather or something like
that um I also might do would you be
down for doing like an actual like um me
interviewing you about you to us up like
that yeah cuz my friend Levin thinks she
often has um like a whole like green
screen setup instead us and she said I
could use it usually I'll ask her there
should be some you can talk about you
know what happened with geek and sundry
and how your channel is growing about
that what are anyway so thanks for
watching guys I just finished my travel
blog and the fucking cab is Harry think
so see you later bye Griffin Griffin say
goodbye no wow Griffin Griffin say you
were boy oh my god
ha ha ha die well made
