hey guys Jenna and I are driving at Red
Bull Red Bull is supposedly really cool
yeah you got the poses as one of those
mine yeah okay cool we're here for the
naso there is yes any finals and scary
pretty cool so I think this place is
actually really cluttered that from a
lot of players and stuff break music
hashtag sound select
and is gonna win because they just when
I had lose although Ford Terran manatee
humanity but Terrans because okay but
for some reason like what's that like a
race it is erased because these are
protesters was a racist but like human
kindness yes okay so it's tearing like a
sub sub race of human logging because I
haven't been doing it last night got a
little drunk
my son's in a little hanging out wasn't
it
this is okay so your night is on the
view but I'm gonna give the sentence yet
we do it again
gin viv they do it yeah I did it oh it's
good we are at the veggie grill which I
totally endorse in this video because I
like
and I got a veggie burger and she she
didn't want to come here because she's a
carnivore like full car she's like I
don't have anything that I want
no big chicken okay let's try our food
oh my god this is they don't look tired
we need some of that energy dude how do
we do that let's do it yeah that's what
I'm saying crazy is it really I love
this dip the the chipotle ranch or ever
it is that's like one of my favorite
dips No
hey guys I'm in my bedroom at home and I
just got home today from Debbie's yes
and all that and I realized that I
didn't actually do like a finishing like
summation video for the end of the vlog
so I decided to do that and I've been
falling asleep okay this is what
happened the first two days I was in LA
I literally did not get a wink of sleep
I think I went fifty hours without
sleeping and then the night that I did
finally get to sleep I slept about three
hours woke up at 6 a.m. before everyone
else and got ready and had to go to Red
Bull so needless to say I've gotten very
little sleep I got a little bit of sleep
when I got home maybe like two hours
then I woke up and I went to dinner with
Hwanhee who was in town for the
International dota thing and it was fun
because I like never get to see him I
think last time I saw him was at MLG
Anaheim and then before that Dallas
maybe I'm not sure but um yeah so the
events was really fun it was a little a
little bit a little an intimate
and there was like this place in the
back where I think I showed you guys on
camera but oh isn't my shirt awesome we
can't least see it but it's a Starcraft
shirt it's got a marine on it and it's
like kind of retro II but yeah I didn't
interview his living pink fur flamin cow
TV she interviewed me and it was like
kind of a fun troll interview I got to
hang out with a lot of awesome people
like the Muslim who I'm hoping to play
more two's with in the future I I got a
new Nintendo - yes which is awesome that
makes me happy and I did a lazy vlog
with Toby Turner like how amazing is
that right that's like awesome I think I
got 3000 subscribers on YouTube on my
main youtube channel for that um which
I'm very grateful for he is a really
great friend and I just pretty much just
had a great time with all of my eSports
and gaming friends so I'm I'm happy
about the trip the trip was fun and I
hope to bring you guys some fun content
from it I have to be kinda careful about
the stuff that I do film and be
sensitive with it so I do have some like
footage of me and some of our my friends
like really really drunk but since they
are like popular in eSports I have to be
careful with their image and stuff so
I'm probably not gonna be using it but
it's nice to have to look back on and to
watch and think it's funny um I wish I
could just film every single day of my
life like literally and but I think I
just would be like amazing to me to do
something like the office but in real
life and to have that I was just
thinking about that recently and I would
really like that I wouldn't mind not
having the privacy for me I don't really
care about privacy like if I'm in a
relationship let's say I am fucking
someone or I'm dating them I I like to
be really open with that I like to be
shown off and all that stuff and I feel
like a lot of people in the
entertainment industry have to be pretty
um down low down low I thought I mean
pretty discreet bushes the more
scholarly word for that but yeah so this
is kind of my wrap up video I had fun
got some new games I got um yes I got uh
what is it I'm so frickin tired not
harvest minutes the other one Animal
Crossing and I'm crossing new leaf which
I've been playing I played that on the
airplane and I had to do stupid layover
on the way back and I almost missed my
flight from Phoenix to Seattle which
sucked like I got there and it was like
closed and I'm like what has closed me
so I asked the guy and he's like we
closed the doors we're not taking any
more people though I'm like please go
ask them I don't want to wait have stay
over and fucking Phoenix it's too hot
and so he like ran in there and he's
like if you take your seat really
quickly we'll let you and I'm like thank
fucking god I'm like thank you so much I
just want to get home and then I get
home and I'm just like so tired and so
nice to see my roommate you guys don't
know how much I miss him when I'm gone
so overall it was a good trip a little
bit of drama here and there but you know
we'll just keep this pretty positive and
I hope to see you guys next time
I'm sorry to all of you who are mad that
I didn't upload a video every single day
and I didn't edit these videos while I
was there I edited one of my vlog videos
while I was there and I didn't have the
ending outro thing with the Lamb of God
music and all that to put on there which
you're gonna see after I finish talking
so I was like you know what I'm gonna
wait until I get home and I'm gonna
process all the vlogs and all of the
high-quality footage and we will just do
that later so yeah bye bye
here is my outro of Lamb of God vigil as
well as the little buttons you can press
to subscribe to both of my channels
thanks so much for watching and I hope
you guys have experiences like this
where you get to go eSports events like
I do because eSports events are amazing
Wow the heart I will
