I don't know where I'm going you said to
turn left
we're diving three two hours and I don't
fucking understand why you're still in
the goddamn car
I want I get fucking what is up with
these palm trees
what the fuck car now you got some
specific boundaries what that is
Saturday okay we're trying to my
daughter stadium because auntie one's
good her first baseball game I gave her
three sets of directions and I said we
got to go down the road and she fucking
takes random rice no street lights okay
okay no need to 1l Barnes bump Neil bar
I know it's just doesn't it lucious whoa
are you Angie
serious question they have obviously
what
it's perfect it's like no polish with
alcohol in it dude no it's not even a
thing it must not be too late there's a
column a nightclub obviously it's a bar
oh my god where's TransUnion actually I
literally looked at perfect directions
for you I found them yes and you're
fucking just taking right no left a
random left you want me to get back to
where you started right are we trying to
go TransUnion stations gonna get her
tickets she went ahead and bought the
ticket now I gotta pay Hertz 42 colors
because she with us 2048 okay look
auntie I serious I'm not kidding right
now I have to pay her $40 cuz you got a
ticket mean everything 280 $41 I know I
have to pay for a ticket that I didn't
even get to use I have to pay for three
ticket I'm just trying to find the
transgene Union Station so I can at
least get her her money back even though
I didn't get to go to the game that I
wanted to go for two months can we just
go to the game no there's not a way to
go to the game it doesn't matter there's
nowhere to park and I can't get both of
you tickets no UCF for 20 years when you
go and they sell it like a batch of
ticket it's like 8:00 p.m. so for four
hours ago we could have I might have
been able to get you guys to get over
shake I told you yesterday
I don't know either know that they turn
are getting slower there we go all gasp
I don't know i don't i think it's
obvious that's the deal
I just want they just keep coming on I
don't feel any moves you driving
what what do we do the Trans Union
Station so I can pay somebody for a
ticket that I do not get up two tickets
again you just hear the 1-dimensional I
just you said international racism I
think you meant Trans Union
transportation and transgendered aren't
gay no really what you've never met a
transgender gay really great no it's not
backwards backwards transgender gay
straight all over good
what yes you're gay you know
are you transgender I was born in the
right body you're born there a buddy and
therefore you don't know shit do you
know why the Windsor levers the Fast and
Slow based on the gas I rest I know but
I do so we know because we don't have
any fucking water to wipe off the
windshield here I can be there I don't
understand why that happens because you
press this okay watch I'm gonna press it
again now there's fucking water
what are you doing you said press the
button they held it in we are yeah we're
gonna she's actually following something
yeah I am let's double it up I don't
understand why it still lit up but
they hate fat people did you know that
oh oh really how do you know they hate
the fats because they won't make
anything over a size seven oh okay
but that's huge right there and that's
like a size 12 no it's like Abercrombie
& Fitch like they hate fat people like
they won't make clothes that are
oversized like bulk oh yeah and then the
guy even came out and he was like yeah
we don't taste like dishsoap possible oh
my god Rosie I don't cater to fat people
yeah I mean I just have to call her back
how many people are you gonna call it is
the point engine well because there's
the ones that I've screwed over today
every single person in my life
apparently you can't get the house and
I've got two other people with me that
aren't doing a very much better job so I
got you for providing us home you got me
in the circle apparently you wanted to
see what wasn't the fucking shit all I
did was take a minor detour like 17
times I'm getting us home thank you if
she decides to listen what the fuck
you're saying I was strong again I was
ready to go
there's no way I can make it to wherever
because we don't have a GPS I hope you
don't say that because then if you can
find transgene station then I definitely
need to get there before I get you home
I can't see you I don't know I can't do
anything just gonna cry
we're gonna kiter the car Oh
can I get a head racer
how does she macrame her own fuckin seat
covers that's what I want to know -
Spaulding
oh shit and secret and just stop okay
