hey guys so I told you I was gonna start
doing blogs every time I traveled a
couple blocks awesome idea right oh my
god i still need the banks I'm already
trying to like side sweep them a little
bit more than a long nap City so well
yeah look at my shirt my shirt is
awesome oh my god Super Mario I think
it's kind of funny that donkey kong is
here because donkey kong was really only
in like the first appearance of mario
where he was like raping his Mario's non
princess girl friend Pauline or whatever
so it's like he told Mario hey I'm going
to blackmail you and if you don't want
peach raped like before I want to be on
this shirt that says super mario that's
just my theory but anyway I'm going to
LA today I'll be there for nasl WCS you
know any finals which is awesome and
it's gonna be a lot of fun of juicy
lemon Eastwood's friends gonna hang out
Jen of course and think and I'm gonna
hang out with another friend I have a
quite a funny story about this trip I
was supposed to go yesterday morning but
the front who booked the trip for me
somehow messed it up and put it for
September fourth which is like the first
wednesday of next month so I get here
and it's like not my check-ins not
working at the little check-in counter
so I go to the big cannon like hey my
stuff's not working and then they're
like oh word ticket is for nice ones
2030 and I'm like wow are you behaving
at one so i had to go and try to change
and I try to change it and there's like
a three-hundred-dollar like check to a
surplus that i would pay or more and i
can't even pay because i'm not gonna
take it so i go for each before and i
text them and I'm like dude I can't get
on the plane so like it's rebooked and
everything for today and everything
works and I actually check in at home
because I'm not gonna deal with that
again I'm like oh my audio is something
I really noticed I'm Pete when I'm
traveling is that people really like
older people really love me because I
have
as you guys know and I'm dressed in
Mario shirt and I had these like pink
sweats on and I have these cute little
plan shoes and bangs and I look like
some kind of silly video game Disney
anime character and a bunch of older
people are always asking me like are you
going to Disneyland think no I've
actually never been to Disneyland or
Disney World actually that's a lie i've
been to Disney World for to go to house
of blues for a metal concert so that's
kind of out of the ordinary I got to
walk by like the the circus place and
all that stuff and see some of the shops
but I can go into this new world so it's
very depressing but I will probably do
some more blogging once i get there i
don't know if i can actually end this
when I make a telly or if I'm actually
going to do like a whole trip along type
thing no no I probably won't because I
actually want to do a vlog at nasl
they're actually having the event at the
nasl studios because the bar that they
were going to hold it up like burnt down
last week so a lot of bad vibes going on
it's dark up to I'll tell you a little
bit about that later I'm not going to
make this travel vlog a sad sc2 eSports
blog so I'm going to go pee before we
board and try to make my bangs look less
like banks
okay officially made it to LA and I'm in
that like weird tunnel malaria thing you
know where you have to like walk down or
not he hasn't been too lax before but a
lot of the terminals take you through
this like really long place with a lot
of linoleum and stuff it's really weird
but yeah um so I couldn't just do like
one part to this travel vlog so I had to
talk about something while I'm walking I
don't know plane ride was pretty
uneventful i bought Wi-Fi though because
on the plane i wanted to listen to music
but for some reason i updated spotify
and spot if i wasn't like loading my
playlists and I'm like there's no way in
hell and sitting on a plane for two and
a half hours with no music so about
Wi-Fi for the first time all on a flight
and it was pretty cool I then used it to
skype which I'm not sure you're allowed
to do because of the transmission thing
just like you're not allowed to like
talk on the phone and texts and stuff
you know there's nothing else I don't
know I played this game called minion
rush which my friend Hal door told me
about a trainer caldor's he plays it I
didn't think he'd play something I that
he's like strictly practical German
doesn't like anything cute but it's
based on despicable me and it's awesome
we should end of the hallway so I'll let
you guys go let's go get my baggage guys
I'm la
awesome right have some inventions
wha da dard I will make
