hey guys I just finished like the
shittiest dream I've had in a while I
didn't have very many viewers I think I
picked it like 650 or something like
that and at the same time I just like
did not feel into playing Starcraft when
I was playing I felt really like
lethargic and weird and like things
weren't going right I wasn't doing the
right moves at all and I wasn't I was
just like staying in my base turtling
I'm like slowly doing my like economic
upgrade and stuff like that it was
really really bad and then I pretty much
only played like five games and then
switched to happy wheels and I think
part of the reason why I'm feeling so I
don't know demotivated is because of my
hair I don't like the bangs I thought I
would like them but I just don't like
them something about them is just like
oh I don't know if you you know what I
mean like do you like them it's so funny
look this is where my headset was
sitting on my hair and now I have these
like permanent indents until I like
actually wash my hair again or something
or wet it I don't know but I don't I was
just pretty much making this vlog
because I made a new vlog channel like
you guys know and I want to produce as
much funny silly content as possible let
you guys know a little bit more about my
personal life outside of just what you
see on stream or what you see in my
higher production quality videos and
stuff like that cuz that's more it's not
scripted at all but it actually has a
purpose and I'm just like sitting there
rambling and like not cutting out things
and this is more raw and real and uncut
uncensored but yeah um I don't know I
hope tomorrow stream is better I only
get to stream I only got a student today
tomorrow on the next day and then I'm
going to LA for the WCS any finals which
is gonna be really fun it's in LA and
I'm really excited about that of course
and I'll be there until Monday so I'll
be streaming again until then and then
on Monday
I think I'll stream a little bit on
Tuesday and Wednesday maybe I don't know
everything is so weird and like
discombobulated and the splitting my
time between LA is like got me running
ragged like trying to produce good
content on YouTube it's not just like
recording the content that I have to do
in order to upload things to YouTube I
have to do like hours of editing I have
I do all the editing myself you guys
sounds like it's really difficult so I
thought I would do a vlog when I'm
feeling not particularly cheery this is
usually as depressed as I get I read I
don't know I still feel ok it's just I
feel a little bit off but I've taught
myself that like when I feel this way I
know that just like having a nap or like
sleeping on it and waking up the next
morning I feel so much better it's just
like my motivation is restored and
everything so yeah I hope to see you
guys at the WCS na finals for nes out
did you guys know that the the venue for
that place was gonna be like this really
cool bar we're gonna have like a bar
craft slash actual tournament at a bar
which sounded amazing
but then the place burned down so now
they're having it at the NASL studios
and everyone's like scrambling to get
things ready and hopefully it'll be a
really good event even though everything
is kind of you know improv but yeah let
me get let me know down in the comments
what you think of the new bangs do you
like it do you like the old look better
I don't know I feel like I look too
childish and not as sexy and I feel like
it just doesn't suit my face like I feel
like my face looks a little weird like
what do you guys think do I look weird
with it there's a lot of other people
who have bangs and I don't know I don't
know let me know in the comments what
you think don't forget to like the video
subscribe to the channel subscribe to
both channels youtube.com / monetary
babcock & youtube.com / Tara back on
vlogs I now have two channels I feel
like you're really youtuber and I'll see
you guys tomorrow on the stream and add
in la if you're gonna be there love you
guys thanks for watching me ramble bye
hahaha dad I will
