really quick I'm getting my hair done
and I think I'm gonna go from just kind
of scary
you see the girl ugly so yeah oh my God
look at my hands they're like so zazen
okay my secret is out this is how we
stay super say any stupid okay so I
decided on things that you can't really
tell right now because I'm in the wind
hold on let me try to I don't even know
if you can see me which way would I okay
can you see me now yeah so it's pretty
cool I got bangs um
I hate bangs and I hate not bangs but I
also hate that like in half of the
pictures and this big-ass forehead so
things are a good idea and I'm happy
about it and I'm leaving I'm gonna go
see if I can buy some like really cheap
like converse shoes or something but
yeah this is kind of where I live it's
like awesome little I guess it's kind of
like a college city like awesome place
and I love it very much because I can
just walk and go like anywhere like
right now I'm gonna go tanning I just
went to get my nails done and rah and I
also got my hair done obviously so I
love living here so much and I think I'm
gonna get some sage was just it's the
best sandwiches here but yeah I'm
getting a little bit more used to
walking around talking to myself
especially when I get to hold oh when I
get to hold this camera in front my face
not like completely crazy right
I never wear shoes
but I bought some bands
myself
so
hahahaha I will
