we fucking shit guys so my roommate and
I we watched through whole series of
like TV shows and stuff and currently
we're watching the office and we're in
season eight and I see this thumbnail
for the next episode let's see if I can
show you do you see this do you see what
Dwight is dressed like do you get the
notion that maybe this has some kind of
starcraft reference because i do holy
fucking shit what the hell right why why
would this be in the office have you
guys watched this and known about this
and not told me because I'm pretty angry
with you guys and you all deserve like a
thorough spanking and I like the like
really pleasurable one but like a really
like why the fuck didn't you tell me
this one so let me show you more hold on
did you get into season one oh my god
what the hell is wrong with you it's
called a costume reason it Jamaican
zombie what is it Ryan you please tell
her who I am Whoopi Goldberg there's no
one here heard of Carrigan from
Starcraft Queen of Blades it's all
Toby's fault every Halloween and tell
him asiya oh my god holy shit I knew
there was a fucking reason that I love
Dwight and he was my favorite favorite
character of the office so that's not it
that's not it i'll show you more hold on
it's so fucking awesome isn't it oh my
god I love it and yes I've watched the
UK version as well with David Brent he's
hilarious one second will I find the
next spot okay anyway Jamaican zombie
woman leave me alone cool got so many
big wings blades on the end it kind of
look like Kerrigan from Starcraft and
Kerrigan from Starcraft it's censored
prepare he is or at least feel lurker
that's a girl Kerrigan is ruler the Zerg
Swarm yeah hella fun dude yeah but no
nipples fucking epic right holy fucking
shit so fucking cool I like freaked out
when I saw it I was like no way
starcraft finally someone's
acknowledging starcraft what i think is
interesting is that he talks about
lurker when this was when starcraft 2
just came out and a little bit later in
the episode they're playing starcraft
and it's definitely starcraft 2 it's not
starcraft one so i thought that was kind
of interesting and it's funny because
the things that they say while they were
playing is it's not really intuitive to
someone actually plays the game like
they were deciding whether they should
like turtle or whether they should just
go right now and they're playing like
against each other and not actually
playing tues it's really weird but it's
super awesome to see that kind of like
starcraft stuff in mainstream TV fuck
yeah starcraft right okay what else is
there let me go get more comfortable oh
let's see um oh there's some kind of
thing on my boobie I think bugs have
been biting my boobs i I'm not a hundred
percent sure so don't like call the
detectives on it yet call the detectives
all the fuck does that mean but I think
I have some kind of like animals that
stay in my house just to bite my boobs
which I mean is pretty like sensible I
mean if you were a bug wouldn't you like
come into my house and start biting my
boobs I think that's pretty sensible but
also let's see what else is new I
watched the whole twilight series
recently and I just needed to know what
was up with it I mean everyone's like oh
my god everything is a better love story
than Twilight and stuff you know how it
is so I had to watch it and my reaction
to the whole series is that it's way
better than I thought but at the same
time it's just as bad as I thought and
what I mean is I got emotionally
invested into this like love story I'm
so funny like I think I actually almost
tried like at the end and stuff when um
everything was like I won't spoil it for
you but it's so funny because I I can
relate to that kind of love story you
know that kind of like love triangle
love story type thing but then it gets
fucking weird right it's just like what
the fuck and where are they going with
this and like every single movie doesn't
really have a plot and it's funny
because we actually downloaded illegally
because we're not going to pay for
fucking Twilight right we downloaded I'm
one of the ending was the second movie
and it was just like cut like someone
had cut the movie like in a bunch of
different spots and like flipped it
around and we couldn't even tell the
difference until like the middle of the
movie were like wait this is not
chronologic
I'm sure and there's no way this movie
is this bad so we went and found it
online i'm streaming it it was pretty
funny that like that's how bad the movie
is you can actually like discombobulated
the storyline and it's still like a
legit you know movie that you wouldn't
even really be able to tell it's not
twilight so I also actually kind of
liked Bella after she became a vampire
and she had like this great posture and
she looked like more badass and I love
the circle lenses that they use in their
eyes makes them look more like a doll or
something and he was really fucking hot
Kellan Lutz he is so fucking hot I know
he has some German background you may
not be from Germany because he doesn't
own accent but I know he has some German
background cuz he's fucking sexy they do
not put him in the forefront enough like
jacob fucking who jacob has like these
little like little boy muscles what is
he like 17 the whole series but Kellen I
don't even know like he has like a dumb
vampire name but oh my god he is so buff
and when he does like the UM the fucking
he takes off his shirt to do what is it
called an arm wrestling match with Bella
after she becomes a vampire and oh my
God he's so fucking hot right he needs
to be like the main guy in some kind of
series I need to watch more stuff with
kellan lutz because dude you are sexy
you have just been added to the list of
guys I will fuck which I'm going to do a
video on soon by the way I'm actually
going to go ahead and do this and the
way I'm gonna do it that um so it
doesn't incriminate my friends and stuff
or people i'm actually sleeping with is
I'm going to make sure that I if I know
the person personally they're not gonna
be on the list so even if I haven't
fucked them but I want to but I know
them personally like I talked to them on
a personal basis then they're not gonna
be in the video so it kind of like
protect so all of you guys all of you
guys like there's a fucking lot of them
oh my own such as slow there's like a
thousand of you that I'm sleeping with
no but um if they're one of two one or
two of you guys who I'm either sleeping
with currently or would like to you guys
aren't going to be in the video so don't
get all like crazy and be like oh no she
doesn't love me anymore or anything like
that but I'm gonna do a video of all the
guys I would fuck and it's gonna be like
there's gonna be situational ones oh and
there's also gonna be girls so it's not
just guys but it's gonna be a fun video
and I know everyone's gonna be like oh
my god she's such a slut but I mean you
guys can all
make videos on the women that you would
fuck and it would be a lot longer list
than my list of people because I know
you guys will like sleep with freaking
like every one of you model in the world
or anyone with you know like half a
decent body and a decent phase or anyone
is in two games I know you guys don't
fucking act like you aren't sluts as
well if you had the opportunity that is
stupid and I'm like so much less of a
slut I think I've slept with hmmm to be
completely candid I've slept with I
think four guys in the last seven years
total and it's like I like to make
repeats of like good friends you know
got it be safe got to use condoms and
now I'm lecturing you guys on the birds
and the bees which I don't want to do so
that's pretty much all i wanted to show
you the awesome fucking kerrigan
starcraft thing in the office which is
now one of my favorite shows and yeah
fucking amazing Dwight is amazing right
fucking hell yeah dude I love fucking I
love him so much because he has like
this German ancestry and it's like no
nonsense shit he's like so hilarious and
like Jim gets in so well with like all
the pranks and stuff oh my god this
series I started out and I was like I
don't like this one better than the UK
version because I watched the UK version
first and then when I got into like
season two of this and like um Michael
Scott like you know he got his hair
plugs and started looking better and he
actually stopped trying to be like an
exact replica of date replica David
Brent I started really liking him so
he's fucking hilarious I was sad when he
left the show spoilers oh I know there's
like a lot of spoilers in here oh well
okay I want to go back guys have been
fucking talking for like ever but I'm
trying to get used to this blog format
oh and I do have a new blog channel if I
haven't made a vlog video of it just for
the channel check it out tara babcock
vlogs well youtube.com slash tara
babcock blogs and this is where this
will be but i think i'll double post
until that channel actually gets more
popular because i don't want to have
most of my blogs and not be seen at all
about you guys I don't want to like gyp
you but anyway this has been a 10 minute
video I love you guys
wha da dard I will make
