hey guys I've made a new YouTube channel
I have a second channel now and it is
youtube.com slash Tara Babcock vlogs if
you guys like my little quickie vlogs or
my travel vlogs or just any kind of
updates for me subscribe to that channel
as well I'll put annotations and all
that stuff at the end of the video so
you guys can go do that more easily
because I know the attention span of
people on YouTube is pretty short so I
make most of my videos at least shorter
than like 15 minutes or something like
that but I hope you guys enjoyed my
vlogs I asked you as if you did and you
up voted one of my comments a hundred
and fourteen times I think for more
vlogs and more like on the structured
content so that's what I'm gonna do for
you guys on this second channel and for
a while I think I'll be posting vlogs on
each channel my normal Channel and then
my new one as well in order to kind of
cross promote and then once I see that
my vlog channel is up and running and
has a decent amount of subscribers I'll
stop posting my vlogs to my normal
Channel and I'll just like like things
and place them in playlists and stuff
like that to make things easier for you
I know most bigger youtubes YouTube's
YouTube's most bigger youtubers have it
more than one Channel and I decided that
that's probably the best way to go
because I want to separate my gaming
content and my more high production
content from like the silly vlogs and
stuff like that if you guys don't like
the silly blog so you don't have to
subscribe to the second channel it's as
simple as that so I won't be spamming
you as much but I'll have the
opportunity to upload more videos more
often which should be awesome for you
guys who do like Tara spam so don't
forget youtube.com slash Tara Babcock
vlogs and if you're not already
subscribed and you're seeing this on the
vlog channel youtube.com slash model
Tara Babcock is my main channel with all
the gaming goodness and all the sexy
model stuff and it's just awesome right
I love you guys please subscribe to both
channels make sure you have a wonderful
day and never stop smiling like ever and
don't forget to play a game every single
day you guys should play some sort of
video game every day don't you agree
right thanks for watching and as always
like the video subscribe to both
channels now and yeah I'm pretty verbose
aren't I
bye
well hard I will
