hey guys what's up um I just decided I
was gonna do really quick a blog and I
found this perfect like natural lighting
here at my house I opened the blinds and
it's like sunset II so it looks really
really pretty right now and I'm sitting
here where I usually stream so my
buddies are behind me all of my awesome
buddies see we have see if we can get
them there we go we have Thor 2 Captain
America's ramus yoshi baron we have a
Hydralisk
and a marine will take us actually a
Mario hat and 8th the word helmet which
is awesome right so awesome so I have a
couple updates I want to give you first
of all I am officially doing a new video
every single day and including days that
I do vlogs it's gonna be two videos a
day so I am like really pumping out
videos but at the same time I'm not
gonna like over drown you guys with like
more than one video a day usually unless
I do one of these little stupid vlogs in
which case it doesn't really counts as
an extra video because they're just
gonna be like short little update videos
that I'm not going to commit to doing
every single day because I feel like
that's a little bit too much I don't
have that much interesting stuff to talk
about every single day but now I do I'm
gonna add a couple new segments the new
segment that I just started this week is
called Tara Reid's comments and I read
all of the comments that you guys put in
the lot well it's actually like the
first 10 or the first 5 comments that
you guys put in each of my videos that
week so 7 videos maybe 5 to 10 different
comments for the interesting ones and
I'm gonna try to make it really comedic
so it should be like awesome I'm really
excited for this because you know it's
really important to me important to me
to give back to the community and to
also interact with you guys and interact
with the fans and the viewers and
everyone who's like making what I'm
doing like my dreams and everything
possible so I love you guys and I want
to get back to you as much as possible
but I like talking you guys and
answering questions and just you know
replying to the things that you say
which I hope you guys appreciate and
understand that I can't always reply to
everything and I'm really doing my best
and hopefully when I get to like let's
say if I get to like a million subs I
hope that I'm still doing that for you
guys and I'll definitely make the
biggest effort I can to do so so the
second um the second segment I'm going
to do is called I think I'm gonna call
it nerdy show-and-tell
and every week I think I'm going to get
in front of my green screen or maybe not
I don't know but with a good camera and
actually show you guys like one of my
favorite like nerdy trinkets that I have
or one of my favorite like nerdy toys
like things that maybe I grew up with
are things that I'm collecting now from
like videogame collector's editions it
should be really fun because I have so
many cool things that I want to show you
guys and maybe like when I run out of
things I'll like buy new things or all
oxygen things off or something I don't
know it should be pretty exciting and
really excited about it I just got back
from a 10-mile walk okay um I wanted to
do like more adventurous stuff and it's
really hot in here um I think I've
ranted about this a bunch of times but
in Seattle people actually get rains all
the time and it doesn't get very hot so
in the summer when it's like 85 every
single day or 90 every single day people
don't have air conditioning in their
head it's like not standard like you
have to get like some kind of like
really expensive condo or something
really really new condo in order to have
air conditioning and I don't have air
conditioning in my house and I'm on the
side that the Sun is like blaring inside
during the day so during the day around
like 2:00 to 5:00 p.m. it's like fucking
a hundred degrees in here so I had to
get out and I was like I want to do
something fun and I want to go for a
walk or something and I do have a park
in a lake right next to my house but I
was like I wanna do something different
so we took a walk up a hill and it was
like five miles to get there and then we
got some ice cream or whatever and then
we came back down five miles and my feet
hurt like crazy because I wore
flip-flops because I always wear
flip-flops but this is nothing compared
to what happened to me at e3 where I
wore flip-flops for like five days in a
row like running around trying to catch
up with like six foot five guys have
like super extended long legs and shit
it was pretty awful so my feet hurt I'm
always gonna have blisters on my feet
from wearing flip-flops which is like
the stupidest thing I do but I do it
because I have really pretty toes and I
want to show off my Mario tattoo you
know that's just like so important but
anyway getting back on topic I don't
really have that much to talk about oh
yeah do you see how much I I fuckin
liner I have underneath my eyes my
roommate thinks it's hot too apparently
I have way too much makeup and look like
a porn star so I decided I would do
today and the way
the under eye eyeliner and look like I
have these like unsexy cat eyes I don't
know you like let me know in the
comments so you guys think about that
because I personally like a little bit
less makeup I like to like actually play
off the fact that I have like really big
blue eyes and not make them look like
Angelina Jolie Megan Fox asked like cat
eyes I think the the former is
better-looking on me I don't know I feel
like it's too too dark oh whatever
anyway um there are a couple other
segments I want to do I wanna start
doing sketches like so much I want to
start doing sketches like you guys don't
even know but I don't have like the
production you know like I don't live in
LA I don't have friends who do that kind
of thing and it just it would be hard
for me to make like a really high
quality sketch you know but there's one
thing I want to do and nobody can steal
it from me but I want to do a parody of
the Slipknot song duality you know I
pushed my fingers into my eyes and I
want to actually dress up in like the
the yellow or the orange jumpsuit with
like a mask like a Cory's tailor mask
and like oh my god have the blonde hair
like out and then like do some I know
it's gonna be a fun than sexual parody
so I think you can kind of imagine what
I'm gonna replace eyes with the word
eyes mole ears it should be a lot of fun
I want to do fun stuff like that and
like do parity stuff and and funny skits
and like collaborate with other
youtubers I just I really I'm really
falling in love with the whole YouTube
format and I'm I'm falling in love with
the fact that I can I can kind of have
the streaming that I do the gaming
stream and then like use the vods for
that to put up on YouTube it's just
making me so happy that I can like
intertwine those two things that I love
so much and like actually get more into
the gaming stuff and get more into like
the the creative I can tap into my
creativity which is something I've
always wanted to do but I never felt
that I had the backing or anything like
that or the platform of the medium or
whatever to do it and now I feel like
I'm slowly becoming part of that and
it's making me happy because finally I
found something that day-to-day does not
make me unhappy you know so it's amazing
right um so this is gonna be my second
vlog well my second actual phone vlog
ready to sit here and talk
and give you guys updates but I hope you
guys enjoyed it let me know in the
comments what you guys think don't
forget to like the video subscribe to
the channel cuz I'm doing really good
things I remember remember one video
every single day unless unless like
something crazy happens like usually
when I travel I'm able to upload a video
at least like this kind of vlog type
thing but if I don't it'll just be like
very few days in between each video and
I'm gonna do I still have the gameplay
videos the stream highlights and I'm
also having just a bunch of stuff our TV
is it's so amazing it's so fun the
content I'm creating I love it I hope
you guys love it too alright I'm gonna
go
