oh no my dildo and of you so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want what's up guys we're
about to head out for day two of the
Olympia we're gonna spend a little bit
of time to convention so I'm not gonna
take as much footage because you pretty
much already seen everything we want to
go see The Blackstone labs booth because
that's Jay's favorite like pre-workout
company whatever but I am actually gonna
wait real shoes today so today we're
gonna decide together which shoes to
wear
I like these but they hurt my feet so
this is my outfit I bought these
leggings at the place they're like they
show your ass real well and they have
this like nice little top I'm wearing my
Ash Ketchum hat oh yes and my Pokemon
bra thing we have the the multicolored
like all of the Nintendo characters one
or least Donkey Kong and Mario and we
have peach like multicolored would be
okay so maybe something like this I
don't like the slip ons as much uh or we
could do these oh I've never worn these
I am wearing some black oh I think these
actually hurt my feet though because
they're male and they're like slightly
the wrong size these have a little
fucking whatever on the front of them I
don't know let's go with these ones yeah
I'm gonna go find some socks and put
these on alright guys I found that he's
apropos as fuck Pikachu socks with a
little Pikachu ears at the top that's
gonna look good I literally never wear
socks with shoes and I always end up
with that I actually ran in shoes that
didn't fit well for like 30 minutes and
then fucked myself up so today we're
actually gonna wear socks with shoes
it's revolutionary don't fuck are you
doing Eve why you halfway under the bed
are you lazy as fuck
what is this
are you a scarf all right this is for
the foot fetishists oh yeah
peak a foot mmm oh yeah
Eve what do you have against my shoe
whoa shoe here is the completed outfit
yep not weird at all right here is the
completed ass oh yes that ass shot Jays
outfit of the day the Deadpool shirt he
bought yesterday and then some pants
that shows that he skips a leg day do
you go hard on like day no hard is on
shoulder day twice a week
damn I do it three times a week so you
know let's go
let's go Jay
guys someone asked me to take a picture
with Bradley Martin and I'm pretty sure
we're like right behind him in the car
very interesting am i dog singing right
now
I mean it's probably obviously gonna
kick your fuckin ass oh look at this
bird this bird is just like this is my
car this is my motherfucking car I'll
give a fuck look at this bird like I
don't give a fuck this is my car look at
this birthday
you don't go a fuck we here girl damn
them lips I was taught at that yeah who
was it I remember I was given the camera
and he was like just do this you don't
remember as a photographer and I just
kept doing that like all days in our day
now like an idiot
okay whatever back again
Jay's gonna try live-streaming okay dude
so the second page could fuck that out
in my channel and you
you got to put a title no you gotta put
a title Olympia convention I don't know
three two one is it gonna work oh my god
it's working
it'll just crash watch it'll just
fucking crash
flex J got a good you can flip the camp
which cameras music oh by just going
like this and then closing the camera
she's so stupid I can't believe the
stupidity
cool
boom deadly
J is having too much fun filming people
on my channel I have been neglecting the
updates because J history bank hi Jay
my phone actually died so we stopped
streaming online and I hosted him but it
is the end we just watch like an hour of
people try to do people trying to do
push-ups and sit-ups and burpees and all
the things and now I'm watching them
take away the flex
all right so we parked at the Flamingo
we're gonna try to get some food at the
yard house before it starts which we
have like an hour and a half or less so
more we're gonna yeah I think we have so
walked it on like 20 thousand flights of
stairs
okay guys throughout the art house which
is my favorite to sit down and eat sit
quote unquote high-class place
everything that's a vegan or vegetarian
they have marked with a V and they also
have like actual Gardein options so you
might have seen these in like your
regular supermarkets and stuff you
actually can get Gardein versions of
something this is the best fake meat
ever you have all these options and
stuff I like particularly the what is it
the chicken strips the fried chicken
strips so fucking good
if new desserts
let's be rowdy when she comes
let's be ready I know what I always know
what I want always look into his tt's
look at JS Bain
look at that beer I got the guardian
chicken strips and Jay got the orange
chicken with what kind of jasmine or
brown rice no no this is all vegetarian
it's not vegan because it's like cooked
in the same briar as the meat or
whatever so there's contamination on the
way back to the car
feel like a tourist
sushi burritos fucking disgusting twice
the disgust I'm a jaywalking simulator
I'm a jaywalking simulator
this is a crazy view on top of this
fucking parking garage I think it's up
one more we are here there are liens
let's go yeah I love these
the poisonous
Oh jack
written by curry
contradiction
the place minister
but a half million Romani in the sense
where please
in the title
20:17 mister
ladies and gentlemen it is my honor to
introduce the greatest bodybuilder on
the planet the recipient of the 2017
like my standout trophy
the Orleans is cool guys cuz they've got
an arcade over here even though this is
like an off the strip shitty is really
really cheap like how much a day is it
just stay here usually like 50 bucks or
something or less but they have the
theaters they have this like crazy I
would really wish I was a kid when I see
this there is no double eyelids fucking
climate changes because of Trump bitch
rage wrath yeah that cunt and then yeah
that was really good dude mole I was
like I was it was good let's do it girl
do you want it yes
yes
I scream I scream we should go down to
baskin-robbins ice cream boy we can't
bring that in
I can't oh you can also have alcohol
there it's wonderful fuck is this
and a bill creation look Jay they want
to serve us in heaven
I'm getting a dass XX lager Jane look at
the sour patch guy he actually was like
sugar on him oh yeah watching it in the
lap of luxury man
so come in Guardian silence your
cellphone's now let's see if this movie
is good or not
I don't know this is where I'm gonna end
it or see Eva so we're gonna end it
depends on how
it is to find her and the McGee reunion
I miss her so much during it I was
thinking I just wanna go see Eve but
yeah Jay hadn't seen the initial it's
the first did the old one and I have
like a thousand times but remember one
hundred percent of the details stand
pretty similar other than you know
having better and more CG or whatever
and so it would also see her a little
more goofy but it might have just been
because I was younger or something
I don't know Jayden loved it but he
didn't hate it right dick am I gonna ask
him for sex slaves
reunited at last so cute she came right
to us didn't she J what oh no my dildo I
love you good night guys
