why are you showing your asshole so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to a new episode of Friday night mail I
hope you guys don't mind terribly that
I'm gonna be filming it here in my
regular area I haven't had much time to
do shit before the Olympia this weekend
and I'm just elated oh so I apologize if
you don't like this backdrop for Friday
night mail but we don't try it today I
have little circle cotton pads and some
micellar water because I know that J
moods lime crime lippies came in the
mail today so I'm excited but first the
winner of this week's giveaway is Paul T
congratulations Paul T thank you so much
for your kind email - it really boosts
my spirits when someone actually
appreciates the really shitty giveaway
that I have of $25 Amazon gift cards
every week if you guys want to sign up
for the below par giveaway item but that
is the $25 Amazon gift card link as
always will be in the description
otherwise I have three wonderful
questions from you guys and I am so
ready to question it up let's do it
Rajdeep majumder ow
sorry asks question will you consider
doing a collaboration with other
youtubers love from Kolkata India I am
NOT a fan of collaborating with other
people unless I know them very well like
someone I would collaborate with
especially on YouTube is brycie I
absolutely adore brycie anyone else who
I felt like I clicked with that well I
would totally do it
back in the day I thought maybe I would
collaborate with Toby's but you know we
never stopped fucking to have time to do
that so honestly I don't want to ever
just collaborate with someone because oh
we're similar-sized YouTube's let's grow
each other's channels based on
cumulative subscribers and stuff like
that that's not really me it would be
forced and I honestly just don't work
that well with others and let's actually
like the person and it doesn't have to
be someone either that's like on my same
subscriber count' I would totally do
with like red for instance my Korean
friend who has like one sub next
question is from zinc 182 like blink but
not question I'm really curious what
type of girls you were into ie
Asian girls emo girls sporty girls party
girls nerdy girls etc which is your
favorite okay so my favorite is the sexy
blonde with the big fake tits obviously
I mean that's what I base my own look
off of so I think it's kind of intuitive
that if I'm bisexual that's what I'm
most attracted to but second and it's a
close second is really nice and sweet
but corruptible japanese korean chinese
girls asian girls little tiny petite I
fucking love Asian girls tight pussy I'm
also kinda into rocker girl black chicks
can be really hot it all depends on the
individual
I even sometimes like brunette bimbos
and we have one more question question
says a rainy day with a while.i cray I
bet his name is Ray what do I tell my
friend who thinks that you should wait
to have sex until you're 18 she
basically ignores my argument about how
everyone has different mental age speeds
she says that people's childhoods are
too precious to let go so soon when I
first started reading this question I
was like well whatever let her fucking
make her own decisions but it sounds to
me like she's trying to push those
decisions that are very personal of her
own onto other people which i think is
the issue that you are taking with it if
not you can correct me in the comments
but yeah if someone tries to push their
morals or their ideals onto you just
ignore it just do whatever you want let
them know that it's your life you're
gonna do whatever you please
and judging other people is not becoming
I understand where she's coming from and
if she doesn't feel like having sex
before 18 that's a hundred percent her
prerogative but if someone else does and
she's getting all judgy and
holier-than-thou then I don't know at
some point and depending on how bad it
is I would just cut her out of my life
especially if you're one of the people
who wants to have sex under 18 and you
feel like you're prepared educated and
completely ready everyone is different
and as you said everyone develops
mentally and physically at a different
speed so you can't just put a blanket
statement of when where and how to have
sex on to everyone all right guys who
have four packages today and I am
wearing my
really sexy bodycon Supergirl dress and
I'm feeling sexy so let's go ahead and
open him up
the first package we have here today is
Oh what was that my whole hand is
tingling it's like I fucked her the
nerve or something I was gonna say this
package is deceased but the package
wrecks me I don't know Lala no notes Oh
what is it what could it be what is this
is what oh but it's actually a murder
mask it's called a baklava right okay
now I know what I'm gonna wear when I
decide to rob someone okay bitch give me
the cash give me the fucking gosh you
see a girl in a pink box Allah yelling
that at you just hand over the cash
she's not afraid to kill thank you I
don't know who this is from but this is
fucking cool it's almost like something
that Robert um would get me rubber
tongue hand over all of your earnings
this would look so good with my gun one
minute oh okay I'm back a lot of you
guys have not seen this before but I
actually do own my own fucking firearm
how well does it fucking match this
baklava so fucking well oh my god you
like it I need to do a video soon on gun
control and my opinions on it but yeah
that's my gun the more you know about
Terra okay Oh
Terra unmasked and probably partly on
brown thank you so much those are really
cool gifts I really enjoyed it
okay so how to apply tips and tricks
whoa well this is cool we got oops
removers long lasting liquid lip color
and then gloss and then we also have a
Hershey's kiss which I'm afraid to eat
because I feel like I'll get poisoned if
I die avenge me Tara I want to share my
favorite lip color with you please enjoy
this gift of a lip scent starter kit
I have instruction videos on YouTube and
Facebook Brits Thank You Brit so this is
the lip scrub we are gonna use this
but first we've got a remove our old
makeup what is it why are you crying
do you guys hear that she's such a baby
it's not good lip scrub it's like honey
or something but I'm not sure it's
edible ah there we go we're gonna apply
the lip since long-lasting color this is
like gonna last for a long time isn't it
oh man and then I'm just butchering this
off to do it with a fucking mirror later
what a terrible application time to try
the oops remover I did my best it's
actually the worse isn't it
Thank You Brit the one thing I don't
like is that you didn't add a link to
your YouTube channel so I can post it
down in the description I look forward
to actually giving this a try with an
actual mirror and stuff cuz I've just
botched it this is kind of what my mouth
looks like after a really long sex
session where I've been quite physically
abused during Thank You Bret you're
amazing okay let's open this box now hi
Tara green treats for Eve enjoy love
Nina oh my god yeah okay so this is cool
she got me the cat it or cat tits like I
like to call it the cat grass starter
kit so I got a thing a cat grass for you
she already knows it's for her this is
for you yeah you get in there anyway I
bought her some cat grass and I didn't
know that you had to water it and put it
in like in direct sunlight so it just
inside and then I don't know if you guys
saw my Instagram story but a few weeks
ago she actually like grabbed the dead
grass and tracked it all over the house
and there was just dead grass literally
everywhere I got a box of Katie she
likes my lips what are you doing what
are you doing why is this happening to
me get out of my face you cute thing to
add to your collection I've recently
moved into a new apartment and changed
teams at work so the last few must have
been pretty crazy
but my daily fix of Terra manages to
keep me sane thank you for being you
love Nina Thank You Nina I will post
Nina's you
channel down in the description she's a
YouTube gamer and place things like
Asiago hi and she's adorable you guys
should check her out if you need more
girl gamers in your life cuz who doesn't
we've got some shark socks and the best
parts Zelda Triforce shield mug oh my
god
look at this thing how fucking sick this
is gonna be one of my favorite mugs for
sure and I'm not even like a
zeldafangirl Fandral sipping liberal
tears more like sjw tears to keep it not
fully political Thank You Nina let's put
on these socks there we go least J moods
presence of lime crime lippies much
excite such wow this is what we've got
Thank You J mood by the way you are
fucking amazing so we've got mercury
let's do half or like a portion of my
lips in each okay so mercury there's
mercury let's zoom in then we've got
dream girl
alright and then thank you Jim ooh you
are so sweet
oh wow who's broke a nail on this shit
oh it's got stickers alright first one
we're gonna put right in the middle yes
yes love the purple this is like a
brownish purple like a light brown
purple she's such a cutie this is like a
metallic pink I think it's slightly
different than the one I got in the
other set that Melanie got me there you
have it
new lime crime lippy is whoa man I never
even had anything lime crime until J
mood and Melanie came along thank you
guys
it's getting on my teeth thank you guys
so much like the video subscribe to the
channel I really appreciate you guys you
are nothing but fucking amazing to me
I'm sorry that I had to record
this or that I guess I lays doubts and
recorded this here but I appreciate you
watching nonetheless if you want to sign
up for the giveaway link is in the
description and check out Nina and don't
forget to ask me questions for next
week's F&M I love you guys so much and I
hope you have a wonderful weekend
I'll try vlog some stuff at the Olympia
yeah bye guys
oh it actually says be your beauty by
Brit so I think actually know her
YouTube channel check the description
and you can actually order these
directly from Brit
