last time on Dragon Ball Z and I didn't
take a shit for nine days but other than
that not much other than you know titty
fucking so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
see summer time asks what is it about
big fake tits that make sex so much
better in your opinion well to me it's
not really about making sex better
obviously the sex is better because
there's more to play with there because
they look better and if they look better
I'm turning my partner on more Antin sex
is predominantly mental feeling sexy and
feeling like you're expressing yourself
the way that you want who sexually does
make it better but other than that not
much other than you know titty-fucking
how wooly asks I don't have an issue
with people doing as they wish with
their bodies but I don't understand the
appeal of overly big lips do you like
them or do you think it's because it's a
trend
I've always liked big lips I have a big
lip fetish for both women and men and I
feel like it just feminized 'iz and
sexualizes the face like no other
moreover he says people have always had
boobs of various sizes for the lips the
need to puff them I am o the most bimbo
fake look of them all which is my
aesthetic don't get me wrong the bimbo
look on a fantasy FB any day but
seriously on a girlfriend I just don't
get it are you going for the bimbo look
do the men in your life like them does
it make kissing more enjoyable this is
one of the plastic surgeries that I
actually do feel like makes it more fun
to kiss or tap sex big lips on myself
it's just more fun to give blowjobs and
I can't stand kissing the lips of a
small lips person it's like it just
feels so like a line and there's not a
lot to work with there's nothing to bite
I love big full lips I like actresses
like Amanda Seyfried Emily Browning
what's the name of the actress that
plays Daenerys all these girls just
effortlessly have these puffy pouty lips
and when they're acting or they're a
moding and there's just something so
overtly beautiful and sexual about them
at the same time it's just like always
seductive to me even when they're crying
their lips puff up and it's so beautiful
I just want to bite them and lick a
minutes it's so amazing yes the men in
my life liked them very much and what I
don't get about yours
mint is why would you want your
girlfriend or your wife to look
different than your ultimate fantasy
I've never understood that it seems like
a lot of people see a girlfriend or a
wife as the thing that they can control
that won't run away with another man
because they're not good enough looking
or that somehow inherently looking sexy
or sexualized is gonna take away from
the person's personality or ability to
care for a child or something it just
doesn't make any sense sure there are
some women who are vapid or vain or
stupid and there might be a correlation
of people who care about their vanity
and to also have a lack of intelligence
but correlation is not equal causation
and if you can find a woman who has the
bimbo look and she's the most loving
caring amazing self-sufficient confident
woman you've ever found who makes you
laugh and who is a great soul mate the
looks are 100% of plus rights I don't
understand the whole like thing where
people try to dis me by saying they'd
fuck me but they never marry me based
solely on my looks what go ahead marry
all the ugly fat women I'm fine with
that I will take solace in the fact that
my personality and my IQ and my ability
to be the person I want to be
confidently is just as big as my tits
thanks for the question I always love
talking with people who have very
opposite ideals to me and there are so
few people who are intelligent but also
disagree with me it's really hard to
find someone like that but I promise you
I'm always looking Carlos spicy Weiner
asks what looks more real between all
the different implant types
ie gummy bears silicone etc under the
muscle or not bellybutton through the
nipples under the breast line or armpit
what's the reasoning behind them all
okay so armpit is largely not used
anymore I think it's really hard to like
get an endoscope and like put the boob
in there and then you have to get like
smaller implants to fit through that way
under the boob or through the areola are
really the best options because it's
closest to where you make the breast
pocket gummy bears feel really good
there's no water in a plastic bag type
feel where you squeeze and it's soft
until you get to a certain tension point
where it feels like you're just gonna
pop a plastic bag gummy bears feel so
good oh my god it's like natural
but they defy gravity and they're firmer
and less just like jiggle jiggle-jiggle
like belly fat or something
silicone looks more natural and better
and feels better than saline there's
gummy bears which are a little bit
harder and I don't like them as much as
silicone gel which is what I have did I
say I have gummy bears
I sometimes equate gummy bears to
silicone gel but they're slightly
different there's some studies that say
that textured implants are more likely
to give you cancer but the reason you
get textured implants is so they don't
flip around but actually fun story when
they took out my first implants they saw
that one of them was completely flipped
around and it didn't do me any harm at
all so I don't see why anyone would care
about that I think smooth around high
profile is the best high profile because
it makes them look bigger when you have
a smaller ribcage there used to be this
thing called teardrop implants that were
shaped more like a teardrop so it looks
more like natural boobs but they didn't
look more like natural boobs and most
plastic surgeons don't use them anymore
yeah I think that's it hope that answers
your question oh right
and over the muscle looks more fake than
under the muscle most bodybuilder
females have to do over the muscle
because if they're under the muscle then
they can't like really work out they
lose a little bit of their strength mine
is sub fascial meaning that it's right
underneath the fashio of the muscle so
it's not completely under the muscle but
the muscle was like separated and then
the implant was stuck in between to give
it a better slope but to not make it all
the way under the muscle because the one
that's all the way under the muscle you
could possibly deal more with bottoming
out which is you know the boobs sagging
too quickly because all of your muscle
movements in your chest are pushing and
massaging the implant down constantly
and you do not know how much you use
your chest muscles until you get your
boobs done because you cannot use them
for a few weeks and literally just like
me
like resituated myself like that I
wouldn't be able to do I can't sit up on
my own I can't sit down or stand up you
use your chest muscles for so much
brycie asks do your fake titties feel
better doing sexy times or did your
Naturals feel better so cute bouncing
sensation numbness any surgeries you
wouldn't do again if you could have a
do-over which was the most painful I'm
not creative tonight I think my fake
tits feel the same as my natural tits
except you know when you're bouncing and
you're
naked it feels a little bit more like
you shouldn't be doing that like it's a
little bit harder on your skin or
something and it is but it's not
something that like annoys me or hurts
me or anything
there aren't any surgeries I wouldn't do
over but that skin tightening thing I
can't remember the name of still that I
got on my face I wouldn't have done
because of the cost it wasn't like a
huge difference and I didn't realize at
the time that I was gonna get into like
financial struggles because of the move
so I think I just wouldn't have done it
to have that extra a couple grand in my
pocket just in case I didn't get the
money back on that Horror house that I
almost moved into when I got here and
which was the most painful probably
liposuction it's funny because all the
girls in my plastic surgeon's office had
gotten some lipo a lot of them weren't
even like the type to get lipo it's just
like middle-aged ladies and stuff and
they were like oh it's a breeze it's so
easy I was back to work the next day oh
my god it's very very it's like the
worst leg day you could ever experience
ever and then you can't shit and that
sucks and then you can't fucking shower
and that sucks
hello kidney asks how did you find and
choose your doctor I did a Google search
I checked out all the doctors in my area
there was a doctor in downtown Seattle
actually a few doctors in downtown
Seattle I didn't like so I decided to go
to a doctor a little bit farther out of
the way and he was just more creative he
put more effort into it he's like an
artist of just making things look good
and he was also really good at
reconstructive surgery and that usually
means that they could take awfulness and
turn it into something good so that's a
good sign and I just clicked better with
him go to consultations even if it costs
you money most places will do free
consultations but don't just decide on a
doctor right away ask all of the
questions are you board certified don't
skimp and do your research oh my god I
cannot stress that enough
sanitary Sanchez asks question I was
thinking about getting LASIK eye surgery
would you consider that a form of
cosmetic surgery since I can see fine
while wearing glasses I think it depends
on why you don't want to wear the
glasses like if it's purely aesthetic
like you think your nose looks weird in
glasses and you would rather not wear
glasses then sure but I feel like it's
more of a quality-of-life thing then
again I feel like to an extent all
plastic surgery is a quality-of-life
thing you want to live your life to the
fullest you don't want to be annoyed by
certain things you want to feel hot and
sexy and the best and like you're
working toward a goal all the time
I would say if there's some kind of
stigma for you against cosmetic surgery
then just don't look at it as that it
doesn't matter at all what anyone else
thinks it just matters that you can live
with yourself and think you're happy
with yourself I say go for it
angel Blanc USA my girl asks what type
of implants did you get saline silicone
or gummy bear above or below the muscle
high profile and why do all of this so I
kind of answered this already but I have
silicone gel high profile sub fascial
which is like half below the muscle but
I would prefer I guess below the muscle
maybe for my aesthetic with the fake
stuck on look I might want over the
muscle I would have to do more research
on over the muscle and if you're going
for a larger breast I would say high
profile but if you have a larger ribcage
and you're going for a smaller breast I
would say don't go high profile because
then it can kind of look like two small
balls in the middle of your chest
there's a base width that your body can
handle based on your personal ribcage
size and sometimes in order to get boobs
as big as you want you have to go high
profile Luis is Jewish asks how big is
Jay's long nine inches zowie vag asks
our implants biodegradable and will you
keep them in or take them out when you
die someday I don't know what I'm gonna
do after I die but if I was buried which
I doubt I'm gonna be buried I would like
to keep the implants in so you know I'm
looking hot in the afterlife and then
they can kind of just fall to the side
of my coffin and just sit there and we
can be buried together it'll be awesome
but I don't know if they're
biodegradable probably not silicone it's
kind of like plastic I think where it's
not compost I don't know dude great
question never thought about it not now
not here asks do you see yourself
becoming that person who uses plastic
surgery as an excuse to not make
healthier lifestyle choices diet /
exercise absolutely not I understand
what things like liposuction are for
it's for the very end sculpting of your
body shape not for fat loss and I think
that's absolutely negligent in this case
to go under the knife when you can
achieve something through a diet and
exercise I don't have the body that I
currently desire and it's been hard for
me with my leg food quote-unquote
addiction but holy shit I would never
think of just giving up stopping my
workouts that make me overall healthier
person anyway and happier and going
under the knife to do something that I
can do otherwise that's just ridiculous
so no of course huh sensei Tony asks
were they heavy for you when you got the
surgery or was it finally I'm a touch
myself just a bit more now so a lot of
people talk about when they wake up from
surgery and they feel like there's like
a huge boulder on their chest and they
can't breathe well I didn't experience
that at all a lot of people complain
about that that's not something that
happened to me it's very weird that so
many girls talk about that and act like
that's some kind of terrible thing what
I would feel like I would expect that
and it would just be a part of the
healing process I've never felt like my
boobs are crushing me or that they're
too heavy or I've had back problems from
it Jay asks are my boobs real if you can
touch them they're real
miss miss asks how much have your
nipples changed since surgery color
shape sensitivity etc well when you put
implants into boobs the nipples get
slightly bigger when I had an air B cup
my nipples were kind of big for the boob
I would say for my taste and then when I
got implants they were the right size
and then this time I actually got my
nipples reduced a little bit but I think
they stretched out a little bit and got
a little less Brown it's weird I have
like brownish pink and now they're kind
of just pink I might one day go in and
get them even smaller because I like
smaller areola but yeah as for the
actual nipple which is actually the dot
that protrudes on the top of the boob
nothing's changed
not even sensation Solar Flare asks if
you were not curvy would you have gotten
surgery to make you curvier so I am a
hundred percent against butt implants
for myself I think they're gross but a
brazilian butt-lift
if I was able to choose how they did it
because the aesthetic the girls go for
these days where the top of the butt is
just like bulbous and weird and they get
it in their hips and stuff I don't think
I would ever do that but if I did a
Brazilian butt lift because I needed to
it would be like kind of a slow slope
and then a nice round juicy bottom kind
of like I have now like a bubble but
like a teardrop bubble but that's what I
like but yeah I mean if I didn't have my
ideal body type I would look into things
that I feel are technologically
developed enough to get my results I
wouldn't just go for like butt implants
if there
no brazilian butt-lift I don't know I
don't like the idea of Brazilian butt
lifts and all that stuff because it just
doesn't seem like researched and refined
enough procedures in my opinion princess
Titan asks who did your surgery and what
are some terrible surgeons you would
tell people to stay away from if any I
want to get mine done soon and I was
thinking dr. Rivas I also value your
opinion and want to hear what you think
Thanks okay so the only two doctors I
remember are my doctor which is dr.
Richard Baxter in Montlake Terrace
Washington he's great I've sent so many
girls to him all of which I think are
happy with their results he's done a lot
of my model friends boobs and like girls
lips even a like streamer girl who I'm
not gonna mention her lips we're done by
dr. Baxter on my suggestion but there
was this one doctor in downtown Seattle
which was particularly I don't know I
just felt like he was treating me like
cattle his name was dr. Gottlieb
I wouldn't like tell you to stay away
from him as if he's gonna do something
fraudulent or bad or fuck you up but he
advocated for putting 450 CCS
teardrop-shaped in pretty much every
girl and he was like oh yeah that's what
we just usually do for girls of your
height and size and I explained to him
that I wanted larger boobs and he told
me it's not doable it's not realistic
whereas dr. Baxter thought of creative
ways to get me the boobs that I wanted I
felt like I was an individual with dr.
Baxter and then he would work with me
and to get a realistic and safe result
whereas dr. Gottlieb was just like yep
another one of those another one of
those and I largely feel like that's
what most of the surgeons in LA do it's
kind of just like we do thousands of
these a day let's just put them in and
slap them and do whatever is easiest and
you're off as a carbon copy of the last
girl I don't like that so not a fan of
dr. Gottlieb glad I didn't go with him
Liz ooh asks how much did each procedure
cost and what kind of implants would you
recommend we already went over that one
and what is the best way to find a
reputable surgeon go to tons of
consultations do your research make sure
they're board-certified and make sure
you click with him and his staff like he
understands what you want takes care of
all of your concerns do not skimp on the
vetting process of your surgeon so for
the first part which is the most
interesting part because I haven't
about it yet my first boob job costs
about seven grand my second boob job
costs about eight grand both of which
had a lot of little extras in it like my
first one was mentor spectrum implants
which are the ones that have a fill port
in the bottom you can slowly fill them
up I wanted a really big boobs for my
frame at the time so that was the only
way to safely do it the little bit of
extra tweaking that I got in were a lot
usually breast augmentations costs five
to ten thousand dollars in LA it's
really ridiculously expensive you can
spend like 20 grand on a boob job which
is just mind blown
my lipo was I think four grand and my
nose job was 3.5 and my lip implants
were 3.5 both times I've spent a lot of
money on it my lip injections are always
$500 my botox is like not too much like
two or three hundred dollars because I
get so little I get like twenty units or
something or ten units I don't even
remember but the cool thing about if
you're thinking about getting plastic
surgery and it's a little bit expensive
for you don't spend all of the money
out-of-pocket actually put it on a
credit card or something like Care
Credit Care Credit is really great I
actually recommend them a lot because
they're specifically for health stuff
even aesthetic health stuff that isn't
covered by your insurance and putting
something on a credit card when you know
you can almost afford it
out-of-pocket is usually the best
practice because you can pay it off
quickly and then you're building your
credit this is basically how I built my
credit I would have such shitty or
credit right now if I didn't put these
things on a credit card and then pay
them off in a timely manner so when
you're thinking about like oh my god 10
grand on plastic surgery it's not like I
just had that in the bank account I was
just like this wish I still had my
savings and then I was paying off a
credit card that was helping build my
credit most people who have a decent
amount of savings and a decent income
can afford a procedure or two in their
lifetimes okay and the last question
because this has been the longest q-tip
ever does gonna take forever to edit
Armand Kastner says hey okay one last
one when you first got your boob job did
you notice more attention from boys and
teachers in your school or did it stay
the same I was in my senior year when I
got my boobs done and I was actually a
bit remiss that I wasn't still going
Highschool because I actually
transferred to college halfway through I
did the Running Start program for people
who were just bored of easy fucking high
school shit and want to get college
credits and high school credits at the
same time so I was going to college at
the time and it was literally just like
at college no one really paid attention
to you at all no one even noticed that
you existed it's just kind of like class
to class
everyone minding their own business it
was a community college it wasn't like a
college with dorms and stuff where you
actually have to socialize with other
people but when I went to my graduation
everyone was kind of looking at me
because like the graduation gown thing
was like I've shown you pictures of it
before but everyone knew about the boob
job and they're kind of looking at me
weird and I didn't really like socialize
with them but I remember oh my god the
best reaction and this is something I'll
remember for the rest of my life and
this is a great note to leave on I have
a friend named Jansen he's like a super
nerdy friend of mine one of the best
friends of my best friend Chris who I
grew up playing video games with and I
went to a pre-release of it wasn't a
pre-release it was you know the midnight
releases of a video game I think it was
one of the super smash games no what was
it was it a Guitar Hero I don't remember
but I went to a midnight release of
something with my new boobs in my new
favorite shirt and Jansen as soon as he
sees me he goes whoa nice tits and that
was just so funny because I'm used to
everyone just kind of like staring and
to this day I've never had a better
reaction to my tits so good Thank You
Jansen if you happen to be watching this
but yeah other than that I mean people
checked me out before because I was a
blonde with skimpy clothes the same more
people just talked about my overall
being hot like people talk about and
magic how it's hard to sit across from a
beautiful woman no one really makes it
obvious that part of my beauty is the
fact that I have huge tits hanging out
of my shirt my voice is dying and I
probably won't be able to stream tonight
so I'm a little bit annoyed about that
because this is taking me so long to do
I have literally been filming for like
an hour and a half it's ridiculous I
love you guys thank you so much for
watching if you have any additional
questions I'm always in the comment
section in my comments section is always
open to anyone who wants to ask anything
dissent encouragement I love it all and
I will try to reply in text to you guys
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this I hope it was
formative and educational while also
being a little bit entertaining and just
the yay for titties yay for doing what
you want and again do your fucking
research like the Vidhan subscribe if
you enjoyed and I'll see you in the next
video Wow
