and then while hanging and struggling in
my last breath I want to also shoot
myself again literally if you got Botox
in your lips you would look like you had
a stroke so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want hey guys welcome to my new video
today we're gonna be doing the full and
comprehensive anything-goes Q&A about
plastic surgery I asked you guys on
Instagram to ask me anything you can
think of plastic surgery or fake related
and I would answer it to the fullest of
my abilities and completely honestly I
really enjoy doing Instagram Q&A is
because for me it's more opening up to
you guys letting you guys know more
about myself and my ideologies or things
that I've done and hopefully not only
will that be entertaining but it can be
insightful for some of you who might be
thinking about going along the same path
as me or if you're going through
something similar in life so without
further ado let's get going I have my
trusty no face right here to tell me
what you guys have asked me and I
apologize for this taking so long every
time I ask you guys four questions for
the QA I always imagine I will be
filming at the exact same day and for
some reason it ends up taking me weeks
so this is the image that I asked you to
ask me questions on before I get into
this there's something I want to address
for any of you who think that I'm trying
to tell people to get plastic surgery or
that I'm somehow advocating that
everyone gets plastic surgery or that
everyone looks the same as I do or
should want to look the same as I do I
am of the opinion that it's more
important to educate people than to tell
people what to do if a girl has it in
her head that her nose is too big or
something is bothering her and she wants
to improve herself no amount of people
telling her that she looks beautiful the
way that she is is gonna change her mind
so rather I would talk about how you can
gain self-esteem or at least try to
educate a little bit so that when she
does go in for the procedure she's well
informed well researched and does it in
the safest and best way possible
education / censorship knowledge /
telling people what to do or implying
that your way of living is the way that
everyone else should live so if you were
someone who would never get plastic
surgery you do you if you're someone
who's thinking about it I implore you do
your research don't do it with an
unhealthy mindset and my biggest tip
have realistic expectations alright
question time general mayhem 260 says
would you be turned off if a guy got
plastic surgery I personally am not
attracted to men who get muscle implants
but other than that if you want to get
some Botox for your wrinkles if you want
to get a nose job if you want to get
chin implants especially I love myself a
big chin or a big jaw as long as you
don't look too feminine I'm still gonna
be into you I have no personal stigma
around men who get plastic surgery
yo come 19:57 asks how many times have
you had your boobs done twice once when
I was 18 years old in I think December
of 2007 or 8 2008 2007 not sure when I
turned 18 a month after that and again
in October of last year
Elizabeth Rose XO says I absolutely
adore you and have followed you forever
Hart you're such a huge inspiration to
me Hart hashtag girl power and all that
jazz but how bad was the healing process
I'm team tiny tits lul and I've wanted
to get them done but so scared much love
beautiful Thank You Elizabeth love you
too
okay so for me the healing process for
boobs both times wasn't that bad the
most annoying part about it is that you
have to sleep propped up at like a 45
degree angle for a few weeks which is
kind of annoying there was one point in
my first breast augmentation where I
felt this really sharp pang of pain but
it dissipated really quickly and that's
basically it I don't have this issue but
I think the biggest problem with the
healing process for most people is the
psychological aspect of feeling regret
being afraid
just having generally low morale in the
beginning because you're not gonna look
exactly the way you want to look the
first day after surgery Jake period at
Timmins asks what plastic surgery have
you even had if you've had any well I
wouldn't be doing a video on it unless
it was some kind of weird opinion piece
if I didn't have any experience with it
so let's start from the top the first
thing I've had done is I've had Botox
injected in right here so I can't do
this for me it's more preventive Botox
haven't had it done for about nine
months another place I've had Botox and
by the way Botox is botulinum toxin it's
a muscle paralytic that makes it so that
you can't do certain things that promote
wrinkles anyway so I've had Botox on my
chin here and my smile was kind of like
this it also made me develop my bands
here in my neck because instead of being
able to smile using my chin muscles I
was straining these muscles here trying
to smile be careful with Botox friends I
have had a very very slight nose
where the bone here kind of bumped a
little bit so from an oblique angle I
had a really big bump and then a bulbous
tip of my nose so I had a little bit of
cartilage removed from my tip of my nose
and just a little shaping down right
here and was non-invasive as an invasive
procedure can get it was very easy very
simple I've had to move jobs as I've
mentioned before and I've gotten
liposuction on my legs in specific
places where I didn't like that there
was excess fat cells it's pretty weird
but my aesthetic is that the calves will
at the very top of the calf right before
the knee and then on top of the knee
should be the same size
I wanted a leg that tapered like this
and wasn't just straight down the same
size everywhere and that's kind of what
I've had even when I was 102 pounds so I
decided to finally fucking change it to
state the obvious because a lot of
people don't know anything about these
procedures liposuction of any kind is
never an alternative to weight loss
don't get liposuction all over your body
you get to your desired goals and then
you can think about sucking off a few
places where fat cells have grown more
than other places of course Juvederm and
Restylane in my lips and I had lip
implants these are like temporary lip
implants that I got placed two times
that were made with bio derm I think
that's what it's called it's the same
stuff that they use in oral surgery I
actually got the same stuff on my bottom
gums when I was younger because my gums
were receding very weird shit but the
gross part about it is that it's
actually dead people's tissue real human
tissue will melt better and work better
with the human body it's not gonna be
rejected safer more natural appearance
you can't feel any hard stuff and your
lips or your face wherever you use it as
you can see what goes look pretty normal
I've tried fillers here I've tried
fillers here yeah that's everything I've
had done wex agon asks what do you think
the plastic surgery industry /
profession could do better
like what augmentations could they
improve their results with what could
they do to make XYZ come out better well
the plastic surgery industry is evolving
constantly I can't believe how many
strides they've made in technology from
the time when I got my first boobs done
to the time when I got my second boob
job first boobs done first boob job and
then second boob job I think it was
about nine years apart but when I first
started going they had completely
different options for breast implants
for tightening the skin for liposuction
everything was just completely different
when I started asking about these things
since I took a hiatus for like nine
years from anything other than fillers
last year
it's crazy they're constantly changing
and I really can't speak to what they
could do better specifically because I
am NOT a scientist I am NOT a doctor but
something that I would want to be a
little bit better is skin tightening I
have kind of shitty Irish skin but
something that would actually yield
better results for skin tightening that
would be cool oh I also got this skin
tightening procedure on my face that
actually did decently but it was really
expensive and not worth it I forget what
it's called I'll flash it on the screen
right now and I actually did a whole
vlog about that procedure it was
non-invasive just lasers on the skin and
I never got around to making the actual
video and posting it I don't know why I
just never got around to editing it
River Tucker ooh asks how does your
family feel about you having plastic
surgery my parents are really cool
because they believe in individuality
and making your own choices and my mom
set up this life for me where I was able
to choose who I wanted to be and show
who I wanted to be without fear when I
told my mom that I wanted to get a boob
job I think she was a little bit
apprehensive but then after that she got
on board and supported me the entire way
I think she just wanted to make sure
that it was safe and that I knew what I
was doing and I knew that's what I
wanted and I made it clear to her that
it was her philosophy on the whole thing
is she wants to be there for me through
everything and she knows that if I don't
do it with her I'm gonna do it somewhere
else
so I was able to do it when I was still
living at home and she was there to take
care of me make sure everything was fine
and drive me to and from the surgery I
have really cool parents hey woman says
not to offend by any means at all
because I'm sure you didn't or didn't
need the assistance at all but with any
work you ever had done did you accept
donations from fans at all and if so was
it a fun feeling for both you and your
man to enjoy the finished product even
more knowing that it was partially
funded by guys who would never get a
chance to enjoy them in real life my
first boob job I wasn't making any kind
of content at all my subsequent
procedures and things that I do to
upkeep my beauty is no one else's
business but my own I've never had
started a GoFundMe or ask someone to do
a certain patreon goal and then when I
got there I would change something about
me for me it's a really personal thing
and whether or not people want to
support me on patreon or keep watching
my channel so that I get ad revenue
based on my life choices that is 100% up
to you if you feel like that's something
immoral or you don't want to support it
support it but basically with things
like patreon it's not really as much
donations as it is you're getting free
content and then you're paying because
you want that free content to continue
so the transaction is I keep making
content give the people who support me
incentives like rewards as well as
continuing to keep my content free and
they're basically paying for the content
without needing to pay for the content
which some see as donations are begging
but that's largely just people who are
either jealous of it or just don't
understand it and don't see it in that
philosophical light I see things like
patreon as far different than things
like GoFundMe which are there for people
who need assistance and it's basically
just like a private charity where
someone gives and the only thing you get
back is the feeling that you've done
well and to answer the second part of
your question I don't think it would be
fun to cook my audience not that I'm
saying that's morally wrong if someone
wanted to do that but that's just not
really my thing also the majority of
things that actually cost me a lot of
money like the lip implants and the nose
job the first boob job they were all
done before I started making money
through anything that could even be
skewed as donations and obviously as
always no offense taken
jamie-lynn are 1986 asks would you ever
get labia plastic surgery if you felt
you needed it labiaplasty is when you
have like the hanging meat curtains on
your pussy and you get them cut off and
made to be much cuter and smaller my
pussy is perfect the way that it is but
if I felt that I needed it of course I
would get it my girl Teresa Butler asks
question are your boobs or any of the
places you got lipo done still healing
how long does it generally take to be
fully healed from those procedures so
most things take about a month to fully
heal but things like a nose job or
liposuction can take up to like three
months to a year to fully heal the nose
is particularly fun because at first you
have like a bigger than usual nose and
you get to slowly and gradually watch
the nose get smaller and smaller and
cuter and cuter for the boobs and the
lipo nothing's healing but scars do
always take about a full year to heal
entirely also I have still a few
residual markings and stretch marks
around my boobs because I did get pretty
large implants this time
metallus odd asks how about this since
you like the fembot look when you had
those contacts in would you ever
consider getting your eyeballs tattooed
it's weird looking
and intense so I've seen people who have
gotten their eyeballs tattooed pixee
fox' for example but I love my eye color
so many people think that that's one of
the fake things about me I never even
changed my eye color when I had the
lenses in and I liked the way that my
eyes looked when they were out as well
as when they were in for me my natural
eye color is something I really love and
I wouldn't want to fuck with that at all
even if it was to just put like a black
flying around the irises unless I could
do it the most minimal way possible
Alexandria today says question I like
that some of you guys are doing the
question thing in here I love you so
much what made you first want to start
getting work done
you're stunning baby girl I love you
Alexandria so I don't know what made me
want to get work done other than the
fact that I had an ideal for my breasts
in my body an ideal body shape that
wasn't attainable without plastic
surgery moreover I like the width of
fake look looked more than the natural
look so there was someone who could just
like whisk a wand and make me wake up
the next day with natural double Ds I
would completely turn that down 100% and
keep my a cups so for me it was
something I really wanted to do I did a
fuck ton of research from the time I was
like 16 to the time I was 18 and can
finally do it I've always loved the look
of fake tits when someone pushed up
their boobs and they had natural boobs I
was like oh that's the best and then I
was always so disappointed when they
took off a bra and I knew I had a
healthy mindset about it because it was
just a preference to me it was something
I wanted to improve about myself not
something that I cried over for years or
that I even disliked my natural boobs I
thought they were cute Darth Pinta asks
what has been the worst reaction someone
has had to your choice to change
yourself to mattress thetic I don't
really know how to quantify how bad
certain reactions are but it's obvious
to me that everyone just has the same
rhetoric when it comes to whether you
should or shouldn't get plastic surgery
and I feel like even the people that are
pro plastic surgery and pro doing
whatever you want with your body
those people often don't talk about the
implications of having a bad mindset
when going into plastic surgery plastic
surgery is not gonna fix low self-worth
being more attractive is not gonna fix
body dysmorphic disorder and it's not
gonna fix any psychological issues you
have if you're crying every day because
of something so trivial which is your
aesthetic or if you can't control your
emotions and think logically about it if
you're doing it because you're wholly
insecure about who you are based on what
someone
says or how someone else looks don't
fucking get plastic surgery you have no
business doing that you are not in a
healthy mindset just like I feel like
you have no business getting into a
relationship when you yourself don't
love yourself it's unfair to the other
person and it's unfair to your body to
change it in such a permanent way when
you don't even truly know what you want
or why you want it so yeah going back to
the question everyone who has negative
reactions to my plastic surgery are
people who just believe that anyone who
would get that done only care about
their appearance are highly insecure and
are unstable psychologically and I can
kind of understand where they're coming
from there are a lot of people who are
doing it just because their boyfriend or
Society tells them to and honestly the
media and a lot of people inflate how
dangerous it is to get plastic surgery
like you here the few and far between
anecdotal accounts of how someone went
to Mexico and died of plastic surgery
but the fact is you're more likely to
die in a car crash on the way there and
I mean people take long car trips on the
freeway in the deadly weapon that is a
vehicle for really trivial shit like
haircuts and stuff the fact is plastic
surgery is pretty fucking safe the
scariest thing about plastic surgery is
anesthesia and anesthesia is not unique
to plastic surgery most of the risks
associated with plastic surgery are
related to not going with a
board-certified plastic surgeon or just
purely aesthetic and honestly I can see
thinking that it's terrible and that
someone who goes under the knife has to
be some kind of crazy unstable person if
I thought it was some life or death
thing the scariest and most dangerous
thing you can do like some people do
darn cool says what Stacy did you go
with and what were your before and after
sizes before I was an a slash b-cup I
was on the cusp there after the first
time I was a double d-cup 34 double D at
570 CCS and now I am a 34 F cup with 650
CCS okay this is a really really fucking
stupid question and I'm not trying to
hate on the person who's asking me this
again we talked about a lot of people
just having weird logic and
misconceptions
bobafet 0 205 says ain't you afraid
about the result of plastic surgery on
you when you get old what that's the
same argument as don't get tattoos
because they're gonna look worse when
you're old I hate to break it to you but
everyone starts looking
when they're old the current plastic
surgery that I have now is only gonna
make me look better and relatively less
aged than the people who haven't had
plastic surgery when I'm older there's
gonna be 80 year old woman with natural
tits all the way to the floor whereas my
nice round perky tits that I got done in
my 20s will only be about to my
bellybutton when I'm old all of the
preventive Botox that I get is going to
prevent me from having the wrinkles the
deep lines and the fine lines that other
people have in their 60s because they
didn't prevent the creation of those
wrinkles and my lips will just be bigger
than the average grandma who has no lips
I think the reason people think this is
because they see people like Joan Rivers
or people who take it too far and don't
want to age gracefully and are basically
just trying their best to look like
human doll even in their later years
when that's not possible at least right
now with current medicine I see getting
older as a challenge I want to age the
way I want to age but I'm not gonna
pretend in my 50s like I'm in my 20s and
personally I think Joan Rivers and
people like Dolly Parton older people
who have plastic surgery do look better
than how they would look if they didn't
get any plastic surgery instead of being
an average old woman why not be a
slightly weird or cool-looking old woman
no logic in that argument to me at all
also another argument that I would have
for that statement I'm more dismissive
one mind you is what the fuck do I care
what I look like when I'm older beauty
is supposed to fade and you're supposed
to look your most fertile and most
beautiful in your 20s after like my 50s
who cares I would rather look good in my
20s 30s 40s and look awful in my 50s 60s
70s then not look the way I want to when
I'm younger and just look real bad when
I'm old like I should
cuz I'm old Tiffany X says question what
are your thoughts and opinions on
females going through surgery to get the
male genitalia and vice versa so
transgenderism I personally don't
believe in mutilation of the body based
on mental illness and I know that's
gonna be a controversial statement but
if you're not in the right mindset I
don't believe you should be getting
plastic surgery or going under the knife
that being said if there's nothing you
can do to have a stable quality of life
as a transgender person other than
passing as the other gender if that's
really that important to you and I don't
know if there's any other way to
alleviate it but I know a lot of
transgender people say that there isn't
if you know that's the only way that you
can maintain
proper semblance of life and ever be
happy then fucking go for it I may have
opposing opinions to your life choices
but the difference with me and other
people is that I don't judge you on them
because I think everyone should do what
they want and what they feel is best for
them and I don't feel like I'm the sole
arbiter of what's right and wrong Tory a
turd says how was the healing process of
your rhinoplasty versus the healing
process of your breast implants
they were both relatively easy the boobs
are kind of annoying laying around all
day having sore boobs having to wear a
tight sports bra having to sleep upright
all these things are annoying so yeah I
think the boob job is more annoying but
as I said I haven't had a full
bone-breaking rhinoplasty zackham or one
says here's a question how much do you
think might be too much plastic surgery
you know when does it go from making
yourself look the way you want and feel
good like to becoming just kinda off any
examples of too much you can think of
without calling anyone out too hard I
don't even think about this really like
there are times when I look at someone
and I feel like they might look slightly
older because of the plastic surgery but
then at the same time I have in the back
of my mind that it's just a plastic
surgery on their bone structure I mean
there are some people that have a bone
structure that just always makes them
look like an older Russian woman without
even getting anything done it's such a
personal and subjective thing that I
don't really care when someone gets too
much plastic surgery for my tastes and I
know a lot of people think I've gotten
too much and then other people might
think that I haven't gotten enough or I
need to change certain things that I
don't feel need to be changed at all I
don't know it's just not something I
really think about for anyone other than
myself I think too much plastic surgery
would be too much Botox and again guys
please Botox is botulinum toxin for
paralyzing muscles
it is not for lips any time and it's so
often you guys anytime someone says too
much Botox in lips I want to fucking
shoot myself then resurrect myself to
hang myself and then while hanging and
struggling in my last breath I want to
also shoot myself again literally if you
got Botox in your lips you would look
like you had a stroke rant over dbo
company says how much maintenance do you
have to do after you get fake boob
versus before do you have to get them
checked often anything specific you need
to do on a regular basis so if you get
fake boobs or if you have big boobs
naturally simply because they're heavier
you want to wear a bra more often which
is kind of annoying because I like to go
braless but really the only repercussion
is that you're gonna have to have
another boob job or a lift which I don't
want to have a lift because I don't like
the scarring so that's basically the
only thing but it's a good idea to wear
a bra anyway unless you have really
small to moderately sized boobs the FDA
recommends that with silicone gel which
is what I have you get an MRI on them
every like four years but that is so
expensive not covered by insurance and
there's no substantial evidence that you
should do this basically the only reason
that they want you to do this is because
silicone gel won't leak so your boob
won't deflate so if you get some
silicone out into your body which by the
way again has not been proven in any
study to actually be harmful to you it's
just something the FDA has been so
wishy-washy about like they are with a
lot of things every 10 to 15 years I
think it's even longer now with new
implants you might have to get a breast
revision or another augmentation breast
implants aren't forever and
complications can arise so as with
everything it's best to have extra funds
just in case something goes wrong and
you have to change something I recommend
not spending your last dollar on plastic
surgery because there's a possibility
that you might want something revised
something that was out of the doctor's
control or you might want to change
something later on or something
catastrophic might happen and you want
to have the money to be able to fix it
obviously again there's a bunch of
psychological implications if you are
spending your last dollar or your
welfare check on boob implants unless I
don't know you see it as an investment
or something no hate even I thought my
boobs were an investment the best
investment I've ever made but yeah I
don't need to fucking school you on
economics and being fiscally responsible
do I I don't think I do
Kat vol asks my question can you give
specific care instructions that you have
experienced for getting plastic surgery
and maybe name your challenges if any
you dealt with while healing something
that's annoying after plastic surgery is
that you might be nauseous and you might
vomit this has happened to me once or
twice and I started taking this really
expensive anti-nausea drug because of it
actually when I got my boobs redone in
the car I like threw up in this little
bag and the first time I got my boobs
done I came home and I threw up in the
toilet and I remember because your
muscles can't contract at all when you
have your boobs done or it hurts like
fuck vomiting or dry heaving is like so
fucking painful another thing is you
want to make sure you have someone with
you that you trust someone who would be
willing to let's say pull your pants
down or up if you needed it it might be
hard to shit a few days after because
pain pills make it really hard to shit
the biggest and hardest thing was when I
got my lifeö suction done and I didn't
take a shit for nine days I was so
bloated and I decided that it would be a
good idea to like carbo-load during it
neat like a ton of pizza because I was
lazy and didn't want to make anything
and so I was completely fucked I was
taking like laxatives trying to get back
on track it was fucking awful but that's
basically the only thing I've ever had
an issue with also another annoying
thing is that you can't take a shower
for a few days and then when you do take
a shower you're like being really
careful so you never really feel clean
in the beginning I really feel like the
doctor as with all parents when their
parenting should not just tell you what
not to do but why to not do it
I know we're gonna go off on a tangent
here but oh my god nothing makes you
want to say fuck you I'm gonna do it
anyway then someone just telling you to
do something but if someone says you
shouldn't do this because then you're
allowed a choice and you're allowed
knowledge I just found out recently why
I'm not supposed to drink or eat
anything before surgery
it's not just because you might vomit on
the table and then the plastic surgeon
will be all annoyed and the nurses will
have to clean it up no there's actually
like a hole in your throat I think it is
I'm being very lame in here because I
don't know the actual terminology but
there's a hole near your windpipe or
something that when you're unconscious
on the table just lies open that's
supposed to be closing when you
regurgitate or eat something and since
that hole is open you can get food and
vomit
inside that windpipe hole which fucks up
your lungs and can give you pneumonia
which we all know can be very
life-threatening research why you have
to do things so that you take them
seriously or not like one of the things
that I don't do that they recommend that
you do before surgery is anti-anxiety
pills I don't like the way psychoactive
drugs work on me so I decided to skip
them and I've never had a problem but
that's because I knew that it wouldn't
be harmful if I'd
skip them because I knew why I was
supposed to take them for anxiety that I
didn't have that nerd kid says question
have you had anything done that you
regret or that you didn't look a hundred
percent like you hoped so from early on
going into plastic surgery I knew that I
had to have realistic expectations and I
knew that I had to account for things
that might go wrong I've never had a
surgery that I actually regretted or
that came out so bad that I would take
it back or that the before was worse
than the after for instance one of the
things that was my problem was my last
breast augmentation I had to get cut
around my areola in order to make my
boobs more even if you seen that nude
video that's going around of me that I
used to say was fake
my nipples are a little bit pointing in
a different direction and I had that
fixed through that revision well I
decided to not listen to my surgeon and
go tanning instead of wait a year before
I let my scars be exposed to UV well
that made them look quite bad and this
is quite bad to my standards they were
just a little pulled and white like you
could tell there was a scar there rather
than them blending in nicely to my
areola so yeah that was annoying and I
got that revised with the new boob job
my scars heal notoriously terrible on me
and I don't know how the scars on my
boobs are gonna fully settle I have a
few more months to make my decision but
I might actually get some laser to
dissipate them a little bit and then
when I got my life oh there was a little
patch of fat left on the front of my
thigh above my knee it was a little bit
different than the other side and I had
an awake revision yes I got liposuction
awake creepiest and weirdest experience
of my life wouldn't trade it for
anything
painful - to get that revised but
everything's basically in order now and
as I stated before I really did not like
the Botox I got in my chin but that's
pretty much it everything was temporary
or easily fixed or came out great and I
have no regrets
Demi Rose asks hey baby girl if you
already had big boobs would you get them
lifted or reduced and put implants in I
want to prepare myself when gravity sets
in yeah if I had naturally big boobs I
probably would have gotten a reduction
in a lift and then the implants I like
the fake look I don't like the look that
a lot of girls have where people think
they have natural boobs where they have
like the really big saggy floppy boobs
and then they put implants in it and it
looks just kind of like heavy balls to
me the aesthetic I like
the stuck on the big the round the
gravity-defying I wouldn't trade the way
that I started for the world because I
liked my little a B cups and they were
especially a great foundation for
implants tomorrow on Dragon Ball Z but
other than that not much other than you
know titty-fucking
you
