oh yeah I'm dripping man come so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to a new video my patrons over on
patreon have spoken and they do want to
see me make a video about the things I
dislike in porn I know you guys are used
to me speaking open-mindedly and
liberally about sex sexuality porn and
all the things about your penis vagina
and titties not saying you have all
those things together but maybe you do
in fact I think sex and sexuality is one
of the few things I'm still very liberal
on but while I feel like everyone should
like whatever the fuck they want and be
honest about it and not feel
uncomfortable about being so there are
some things that I personally don't like
in my pornography some of well a lot of
these things cross over into real life
as well some of them are like heavy
deal-breakers and others are just like
things that I don't like that much but
I'm willing to watch if I'm watching
with a partner so we're gonna go ahead
and give you a breakdown on all the
things I could think of in the last few
days and write down in the notepad on my
phone then I don't particularly like and
porn before we get started and I know
it's really sad that I have to say this
in the beginning of videos such as these
but I might be drawing in a new audience
cuz this is kind of a click baby topic
so I want to make sure you guys are a
hundred percent clear on how I view
opinion I'm not one of those people
that's gonna tell you my opinion with a
level of disdain for the opposite
opinion I'm not gonna be one of those
people that's like oh my god I can't
believe that he would like this I can't
even imagine it therefore dehumanizing
the person for just having differing
opinions to mind like whatever the fuck
you want I don't think it's a measure of
your character what kind of porn you do
or don't like and therefore anytime I
say I don't like something in this video
it doesn't mean that I hate you if you
like it do your own fucking thing I
don't give a shit okay the first thing
on this list of things I don't really
like in porn is fisting or sticking
anything ridiculously too big for the
vagina inside of the vagina that's not a
penis and I add the stipulation that's
not a penis because I do really like
really long like nine to 12 inch cocks
inside of vaginas I do like that but
when you're sticking like a tire iron in
there or like 17 dildos in there or just
like fisting your whole fist up inside
there I don't like it personally it
looks kind of gross
to me and I wouldn't like it myself if
someone stuck something so gigantic up
in there that wasn't supposed to be in
there that was like way way too big for
my vagina I just feel like that would
feel very gross like I would be very
aware of how much was absolutely
stretching my vagina also it kind of
reminds me of like childbirth and
dilation which brings me to the next one
pretty fluidly doesn't it
I hate gaping I am very very unattracted
to the insides of the human body so when
I'm looking inside the vagina I don't
think like a cute pretty pussy or I
don't imagine my walls being pulverized
by a big cock and I'm enjoying it I'm
just seeing and the inside of a person's
body as if I were to just stab them in
the stomach and open a gaping wound and
that's kind of how I feel about it
for me there's a level of discomfort
with the inside of my body I would kind
of rather have a penis because that's
more external when I'm sticking
something that's like for instance
ribbed inside of my vagina I always feel
like a little uncomfortable that I'm
feeling the walls of my pussy and like
my pelvic bones and stuff depending on
how hard I'm thrusting in there and
while I feel like this is kind of
contradictory to me saying that I
absolutely love
cervical pounding of a giant cock I like
that because while the cock is hard and
throbbing and warm the tip is kind of
squishy so it's not like I'm just
shoving a glass dildo into me I don't
really like glass dildos so a lot of the
stuff that I don't like personally in my
own sex life is gonna translate over to
I don't like seeing it in porn
but gaping the ass especially is
incredibly heinous to me like when I see
a guy like oh look inside of her ass
it's like why why do you want to look
inside of anyone's ass I'm sure there's
some kind of biological or psychological
reason why men like that but for me it's
just quite unattractive quite disgusting
I don't care how much you douched
I just don't want to see it I think for
me it also kind of takes away from the
idea of being tight when you've been
stretched out that much in the asshole
it doesn't look like if I had a dick it
would be pleasurable to stick anything
in there anymore maybe if I were to try
to psychoanalyze guys right on the fly
which is never accurate I would probably
say that men like this because they like
to see the damage they've done with
their giant cocks into that hole I
personally don't have a penis so I don't
feel that urge
I'm sure while guys will disagree with
me a lot of guys will agree with me as
well
for instance Jay doesn't like gaping
either next thing is gonna be a little
bit controversial because I know a lot
of guys like this and that is cream pie
I am NOT a fan of cream pie finishers
Jay thinks that cream pie extends to
just coming on the outside of the vagina
like the labia and the lips and stuff
we're like on the torso I'm completely
fine with that but what I don't like is
when you can actually see the cum like
oozing out of the vagina and again it's
kind of like gaping because they're
looking into the vagina and my
contention is that cream pie is only
that where the cum is dripping out of
the actual vaginal hole because the
cream pie doughnuts where the name comes
from is a doughnut that has cream on the
inside that might squirt out when you
eat it it's not when a doughnut has
glaze all over the top of it like Jay
was asserting is still a cream pie with
the comb on the external parts of the
vagina like the clitoris and stuff in
terms of my real sex life and whether or
not I like being cream pie I don't get
the opportunity to be cream pie too
often because the only person I have sex
with about a condom is Jay and Jay and I
both like facials coming on the tits
pulling out method and because I can't
really engage in any of the normal birth
controls because it makes me really sick
that's kind of our only mode of
finishing is on my external parts or in
my mouth not inside my vagina but I do
like the feel of how warm it is and how
you if it's a really powerful
ejaculation not like that dribbly shit
then you can actually feel the warm
liquid like hitting your walls hitting
your cervix sometimes hitting your
g-spot and it actually feels really good
but the after-effects of that the cream
pie portion I fucking despise I honestly
hate walking around feeling like I'm
dirty because I'm like dripping come out
of my orifices and I'm walking and I
feel like I'm kind of peeing myself
because I've got like actual liquid
coming out of my vagina
it's staining my panties kind of
bleaching my panties a little bit I mean
not that I wear panties when I say
panties I mean like my shorts
it's just not a good feeling to me I
know some girls like it they feel kind
of accomplished like instead of the walk
of shame it's like oh yeah I'm dripping
man come I can understand that I would
rather just like take some hydrogen
peroxide and like douche myself then
walk around dripping and that's another
reason why I don't like sex in a pool or
sex in a hot tub
not only does it close to give me a UTI
but it literally just makes me feel like
I'm peeing my pants all day not fun okay
the next thing is dribbles of come when
I'm watching porn I
expect that cumshots and porn something
that's meant to be the most extreme and
sexiest and best and most manly cumshots
I expect them to be at least half as
good as the cumshots I receive in real
life J has great cum shots because he's
healthy he hydrates all the factors that
make it come shot thicker and actually
made a video on this a sex ed so if you
guys want to watch that link will be in
the description but anytime in real life
and especially in porn there's a guy
that's just dribbling come because it's
been his like fifth ejaculation in the
day or he's not a healthy guy that's not
attractive and I feel like that's also
on a biological level women want the cum
of a man to be thick and healthy so that
they can actually provide quality sperm
for offspring and unhealthy dribbly thin
sperm is a sign of a guy who can no
longer produce sperm with a narrow
urethra or something like Hank Hill or
he's not taking care of his body and
he's most likely a smoker who's obese
who's not gonna be a good provider for
the family or provider of quality
offspring I know I get a little too
technical in this stuff sometimes I'm
too philosophical sometimes I'm too
biological or evolutionary about this
for me it doesn't take away the magic
it's just another part of sex that I
love I love getting inside people's
heads and inside people's genes with a J
and with a G okay the next thing I don't
like is fat dudes and porn obviously I
don't like fat chicks and porn either
because I'm not into fat chicks but it
feels like there's an epidemic of fat
dudes fucking really hot chicks in porn
I think the consensus with most men and
why it's not that big of a deal to most
people is that if a guy's watching porn
if he cares about anything on the man
it's gonna be the penis not his body
he's not gonna be looking at his body
personally I'm not attracted to 99.9% of
male porn stars and I deal with that but
at a certain point of just gluttony and
disgust kind of like ron jeremy or
something or there are a lot of other
common porn guys i see fucking hot
chicks that are just why are you even in
porn you'd attract now i can't really
see myself as a guy who is going to be
seeing the male in the porn even if it's
glancing off to the side i can't really
imagine that not taking away from the
porn in some way but it's possible with
our obesity epidemic that a majority of
the guys watching porn are also obese
themselves and maybe they feel a little
bit better about it i don't know whiny
bitches
that's what I have written down and my
fucking notepad on my phone but I can't
stand it when a girl sounds like the
most uneducated bitch in the fucking
world and porn I occasionally like
watching a bit of intros and porn and
obviously the girls talking and moaning
and expressing herself sometimes with
dirty talk throughout the porn so the
way she talks does matter and I'm fine
with a girl not being like PhD level but
when girls are just like oh me god yeah
I'm just like the overacting histrionic
bullshit I don't like that at all
it completely takes me out of it it
seems super fake and when a girl is just
that fucking stupid where she's only hot
when she has her mouth closed
it is definitely a detraction there are
certain girls that are on the cusp kind
of like Peeta Jensen she kind of sounds
whiny sometimes but she doesn't sound
abhorrently stupid and then there are
people like nikki benz who she kind of
sounds like ghetto I don't know how else
to say that but it's not bad enough to
take me out of it okay this one's
probably gonna offend people because
they don't really understand the
difference between racism and just not
liking something something I don't like
in porn is okay so I like to watch some
hot latina chicks right but occasionally
these hot latina chick videos are
actually shot in Mexico right so you
have like two guys banging this hot
Latina chick and I'm like yeah oh that's
fine and then they start like yelling
and talking a ton in Mexican dialect
Spanish if you guys watched my video 112
or something things about me facts about
me I forget what it's called it'll be
linked in the description I talked about
how the most unattractive language in
the world to me just I don't like the
way it sounds is the Mexican dialect of
Spanish Puerto Ricans speaking Spanish
is a little bit different it sounds fine
you know when you got like South
American Spanish or like Spanish Spanish
the real like the really eloquent
romantic Spanish is completely fine
watching guys get rim jobs I haven't
really encountered this that much until
I started watching black comm or for
some reason often I guess the
demographic who likes like blacks on
Blondes and stuff like that they really
want to watch a white girl give a black
guy a rim job I don't know what it is
but I feel like that really shouldn't be
a part of mainstream porn I feel like
that's more of a fetish and I don't
think it necessarily goes along with
race play or cuckoldry or anything like
that it's really weird I don't want to
watch any guys ass get eaten out even
though I would possibly be able to do it
in real life
I think the disdain I have for it is the
fact that I'm not usually attracted to
the male porn stars that much so I think
if you're super attractive and you have
a nice clean shaven bear but like a baby
butt or something maybe I can see it
being okay but still why please let me
know in the comments if I'm wrong but I
feel most guys would rather not watch
another guy get a rim job I would love
to know if there's anyone out there that
actually does enjoy it though especially
guys okay another thing I don't like is
amateur porn and cam shows nothing
against cam girls or people who like
amateur porn I can totally empathize
with why people would want to watch
amateur porn just for me everything I
like is really high production I don't
need to feel like the person is really
into it and like it's real sex or like
I'm peeping into someone else's house
and experiencing it for myself I don't
need any of that in porn and for me my
aesthetic overall is just really high
production like everything should be
high production so I would strongly
prefer a bigger production like Black's
comm where everything is just smooth and
sexy and the same goes for cam shows I'm
not a huge fan of girls alone girls solo
especially if it's cam girl style it's
just not my thing again I can totally
see the draw to cam girls because the
cam girls are actually interacting with
you kind of like on Twitch but I've
never been a fan of like live stuff I
just prefer well-edited glamorized
versions of things okay another thing
I'm not fond of but it's not a huge deal
is hardcore anal porn i watch a lot of
hardcore anal porn because it's really
hard to find porn that i like that's
high production with stuff that i enjoy
with porn stars that I enjoy that
doesn't involve some anal and I watch
hardcore porn so obviously you're gonna
get the hardcore up-close shots of anal
as well I'd highly appreciate how clean
mainstream porn stars are during this
act because otherwise I wouldn't be able
to watch it I'm fine with anal and porn
I'm fine with anal in real life but it's
just not super my thing like thinking
about anal and the anus specifically and
in great detail is not really my thing
another thing I do not enjoy in porn is
small cocks there is nothing I hate more
than watching a small cock fuck a girl
and the girl is acting like oh you're so
big it's the best thing ever oh my god
oh yeah yeah I know what
cock feels like I know that it is a
challenge to just have some in-and-out
penetration like you see in porn and to
actually come for someone like me who
actually comes from vaginal penetration
easily pretty easily II anyway I feel
like if a cock isn't porn at least for
me when I'm watching I want it to be a
big ass throbbing cock and I want the
girl to be fuckin rammed if you're gonna
put a small cock in porn it has to be
more realistic than it is and the guy
has to be really hot you're gonna have
to show that he is pussy looking he's
working for it he's got his fingers on
the clit he is grabbing her tits he's
fucking giving her all the extra
sensations in order to make her cum
because she is not going to come most
likely and in that intensity from your
tiny dick I can see why guys don't mind
that much again they're not focusing too
much on the guy and even if they are it
might make them feel better about
they're not gigantic member some guys
might be emasculated or something by a
gigantic cock and porn that's bigger
than theirs but for me I just want to
watch girls get fucked not tickled okay
this might seem a little weird to you
guys but I don't like porn that's too HD
or too realistic looking I like the way
blacks does it because they're super HD
but they have like a filter over it kind
of like a movie filter to make people
and the lighting and the scenery just
look softer and better sometimes when
I'm watching like 4k porn or really HD
porn you're seeing like into the pores
of the girls and every single
imperfection and every single little bit
of like stuff and it can get kind of
disgusting unless you find the person to
be angelically beautiful it can detract
a lot and distract a lot if a girl has
like a pimple or bad skin or it's just
like bad lighting and you can see like
exaggerated cellulite or something I
don't like that stuff
personally J doesn't agree with me on
this he thinks the more HD the better
but for me I'm completely happy with
1080p or even 720p in my porn and I
wouldn't be completely off-put by a 480p
fucking bootlegged video as long as I
can tell what's going on in the video I
don't really care that much another
thing I hate about the production of a
lot of porn is I hate fisheye lenses
though often just like have the girl's
face fish-eyed to where her face looks
really ugly in my opinion the main point
of a cum shot and showing the girls face
up close is you're depositing your come
on
pretty girls face and you're just like
completely distorting her face with this
ugly fisheye lens and then they get too
close to the face so like the nose is
like gigantic and the teeth are like
fucked up and it's like it's just oh
that takes me out of it completely
that's one of the ones I don't like more
than a lot of the others that I
mentioned other than like gaping and
stuff it's one of the ones that turns me
off a lot I would rather see a pretty
girl from like a normal distance maybe -
where you can see like the top of her
decolletage and her face and she's just
taking calm and she's enjoying it and
you're not just distorting her to make
her look like some kind of freakish
clown thing or something and as I'm
thinking about the fisheye lens stuff
I'm also thinking about how often female
porn stars have terrible teeth you don't
even have to look as far as amateur porn
to find a bunch of girls with just like
terrible disgusting teeth and for me a
bad teeth is one of my biggest pet
peeves if you have bad teeth whether
they're crooked especially yellow or you
have that like yellow film on the top or
like you have a tooth over the teeth
like ah that is one of the most widely
accepted forms of aesthetic improvement
is to improve your teeth and you're a
porn star who's paying for fake tits
fake asses fake lips get your fucking
teeth fixed holy shit especially when
you're like taking the common you're
like LA and you're like moving it around
your mouth spitting it out it's all over
your face and I'm seeing your nasty
teeth
I don't want gnarly teeth anywhere near
my metaphorical cock at all so I put
down a list of things that obviously in
real life and in porn I don't like
things like ass pimples poor hygiene
girls that have let themselves go a
little bit too much like I'm fine with a
little bit of extra or a little chubby
Nisour a little fluctuation in weights
or being a little too skinny but just
take care of yourself guys anything
above like actual overweight or obesity
not okay real big boobs too big nipples
bad implants and huge fake asses like
Lila Starr has completely fucked her ass
it looks awful okay something that takes
me out of it a little bit that I don't
find disgusting but it just takes me out
of it is when a guy comes and a girl's
eyes and for me it's a kind of like a
sympathy thing and an empathy thing it's
like I really don't like it when I'm
enjoying a cum shot I'm like oh and then
it goes straight into my eye and my eye
immediately goes like bright red like I
have pinkeye I don't know what it is
about come but that shit is not supposed
to be in eyes in the same vein I hate it
when I see a girl with like fake lashes
and she's
come on the fake lashes and the fake
lashes like coming off a little bit at
the center or on the outside and she's
just like enjoying it like I like a girl
to get a little bit disheveled during
sex like fucked up hair smeared lipstick
not that that's fine that can be even
like hot in a dominating kind of way but
when a girl's fake eyelashes coming off
huge pet peeve of mine in real life and
in porn like if I had a friend who's
fake eyelash was coming off I would be
like girl if that shit checked if you
can't get that shit checked right now
take them off and usually when a girl
gets come and her eye or on her fake
lashes you can see that she's kind of
like annoyed and that takes me out of it
as well it's less erotic when you think
that the cumshot is making the girl
really pissed off okay this is a weird
one to explain but because I like to
watch a little bit of the more
mainstream bondage porn there is a
specific type of bondage that I don't
like and it's bondage that leaves ugly
marks
I like girls being tied up by rope or
being strapped to a table all of that
stuff but occasionally they'll wrap the
rope around the boobs so tight that the
boobs look stretch marki and gross and
get really pink and I've seen this in
like more than one porn so it's not like
a one-off thing I would prefer there
actually be like open wounds and blood
to having like stretched out skin
something about that it's just gross to
me that doesn't necessarily you anyway
it doesn't necessarily have to be less
painful it can be just as painful like
you can be shocking the shit out of
someone's balls or titties I just really
don't like bondage that's so tight on
kits that it's making kids turn purple
another thing is girls that are just not
into it you can kind of see when girls
are super faking it or they're just not
feeling it and they're just there for
the Paycheck and that can take you out
of it I don't mind knowing that the porn
is fake but I want the actors and the
porn in the high production porn that I
like to be into it I want good actors
not a fan of squirting and porn to me
it's super fake they make you drink a
lot of water they accentuates your
incontinence with just like peeing
everywhere and like yeah and then it's
like just like that's just no a little
bit of incontinence or a little bit of
female ejaculate is always good the
realistic kind but when you're making it
accentuated and again I've told you guys
a million times I understand why men
like porn with a lot of squirting in it
it's because it's an actual visual
confirmation that the girl is having an
orgasm
to them there's no way that a guy can
really fake an orgasm because he's gonna
ejaculate at least he knows that he's
Jack elating and ejaculating always
feels good
but with a girl a girl can be faking it
and especially in porn we're faking it
as rampant having the girl pee all over
the place like it's male ejaculatory to
them but I personally just don't like it
I would much rather watch a girl pee on
a guy or a guy pee just straight on a
girl like some kind of pissed porn like
golden showers or something that would
actually be really hot and I've never
actually watched porn with like golden
showers but I would much rather watch
that then a girl just doing that to
appease dumb men obviously maybe it's
not obvious maybe you guys think I'm
this open-minded but I'm not into
scheisse porn anything with shit is just
a no-go for me no two girls one cup
latina asses just squirting out a bunch
of fucking diarrhea not into that and in
the same vein in hentai I'm not into
shits pregnancy I'm fine
with tentacles I'm actually fine with
the sci-fi aspect of hentai but I knew a
guy who was like really into hentai and
I'm like show me some good hentai that
doesn't have too much story and actually
has like some good fucking sex scenes
and he shows me this great sex scene and
then at the end of the sex scene she's
like pushed up against the brick wall
she's being fucked by this guy she gets
fucked so hard she shits all over the
floor I was that hot and he's like oh
you just grow to ignore that no I don't
care if it's drawn in a very attractive
way that doesn't actually look like puke
and shit but I'm never gonna get used to
that no thank you
are you doing you just trying to get
attention aren't you one thing I do like
him porn black pussy though I feel like
there is a lack of high-quality porn
with black chicks I would like a few
more hot voluptuous fake titties black
chicks when I was a teenager when I
first started watching porn and I didn't
wash it that much for masturbation I
relied more on my memory from
masturbation but I watched it as a
curiosity and I used to watch this
neo-nazi who would go out and he would
find hot black chicks and he would fuck
them in front of a swastika flag it was
real great I love that shit and it's
annoying that you have to watch
something like that or something less
high-quality in order to get like really
hot black chicks so if you guys have any
like mainstream black chick porn stars
please post them in the comments I'd
love to explore them okay unless the guy
is really really hot I'm not a fan of
them
focusing too much on the guy's face and
porn occasionally in hardcore porn
they'll show the close up of the vagina
oh my got a cat hair me they'll show the
close-up of the vagina and the anus
while it's getting pounded and they'll
show the girl's face and ecstasy the guy
grabbing her neck sticking his fingers
in her throat and then they'll go to the
guy and the guy is just the ugliest
thing in the world and he's like he's
being loud it's like I don't want to
fucking see that and I can't even
imagine how Jay must feel where he's
getting into this girl like getting
fucked right he's watching the bass cock
go into the girl and then they pan up to
the guy's face and it's like what the
fuck I can't even really think of many
guys in porn that I'm like okay with
that even being in there like a few
seconds whereas in contrast in my real
sex life when I'm fucking a guy I
usually like his face so I do enjoy the
genuine sexual reactions of a guy in bed
looking into a guy's eyes looking at his
face well he comes like all that stuff
is really hot in real life but in porn
my only standards for guys are don't be
obese and have a big cock or at least a
cock that's average or above-average
please and another thing that's kind of
annoying to me it's not like the hugest
turn-off but I just like skipping over
it is when a guy's looking too much
pussy you're eating too much ass I'm
fine with watching a lesbian scene where
a girl is licking pussy or eating ass or
like that's like a substitute for the
girl not having a penis and a threesome
with two girls and a guy but watching a
guy lick pussy you guys have heard me
say this before it's emasculating to me
and I know I get a lot of flack from
girls that are like oh my god don't say
that but for me personally I don't
really like watching a guy go it's not
hot it's too delicate of emotion I don't
really like being tongue sucks nearly as
much as I like being actually fucked so
for me it's just not something that I
find too erotic okay so labiaplasty
there are some girls in the world in my
opinion who do have ugly pussy lips and
I guess I will give some of these girls
who's gotten labiaplasty the benefit of
the doubt that their labia meat curtains
are just too floppy and unattractive and
not like the perfect baby pussy that
they want whatever you do you but
sometimes when I'm looking at it I just
think it's transgender II like I have
labia not like crazy meat curtains where
like the hood of my clitoral skin not
like crazy meat curtains well you don't
really know what's going on there I just
have like two little labia lips and I
think that's cute and I think
this is where I would err on the side of
naturalness when it comes to looking at
a pussy
unless it's crazy meat curtains I prefer
them not to have their labia missing and
I think it's very odd that porn girls
think that guys even notice this or care
about this at all I don't think any guys
go like oh yeah I like just opening the
pussy and seeing just the whole the
labia totally gets in the way
ooh I don't think that's the thing that
happens often obviously if you as a girl
think it looks better and you want to
get a labiaplasty that's cool I
personally would never do it although I
am looking into just for fun the pussy
tightening procedure I was at the
gynecologists the other day and he
actually was like advertising it all
over the place like are you older are
you incontinent do you pee when you come
do you dribble a little bit when you
laugh well you and your partner will
love the vaginal tightening vanilla
it's called vennett and veg s or
something awful and I was thinking I
don't have any of these problems and I
didn't go through childbirth and I don't
have like a loose pussy but imagine
having an initially tight pussy and then
having it tighter I just feel like that
would be a lot of fun like every normal
thickness dick to me would feel like a
really fucking fat dick just ripping me
apart I think that would be fun and then
Jay goes like don't insist on getting
things you don't need like he's like
super against it I don't know if he
thinks that it's gonna like close my
pussy for him like oh it's gonna be too
tight now or what I don't know I don't
know why he would be against me getting
a tighter pussy if you can explain that
post in the comments okay I don't shame
any guys who go limp during actual sex I
just want to put that disclaimer in
there I actually like sucking a flaccid
dick and making it hard and feeling it
get harder in my mouth and I completely
understand that if a guy is tired or
dehydrated or is emotionally unhappy you
really stressed or something they might
go limp during sex it's happened to me
with guys who are completely normal
randomly like one time out of every 50 I
actually did a video where one of my
boyfriend's from my teenage years went
limp on me and stuff and I I don't have
any problem with that I understand it
can be hard to stay hard after fucking
me like five times a day I get it but in
porn I hold men to a different standard
these guys are fucking injecting their
dicks and taking Viagra more than they
should and they're performers if your
dick goes limp or stays limp too hard
and one of the crucial moments of porn
you got to reshoot that shit or like not
even posted at all because it's such a
turn-off to not see the member be hard
and see the
guys struggling jerking his like limp
dick over in the corner it just takes me
out of it
another one is too old or too young men
and women if someone looks like they're
actually a teen like just not a teen
like 12 or something like I see those
fucking ads on the side and there's just
like oh not my thing for me and hentai
it's fine like if you see like attack on
Titan the hentai where it's like Christo
or Eren like I'm completely fine with
that I don't care about your moral
outrage if you have a problem with that
I do sexualized anime characters that
are you know 17 or something that's fine
to me
they're not real no one's harmed they're
drawn sexy but an actual porn
I don't like granny porn and I don't
like teen teen porn or like young teen
porn or like adolescent porn out of that
shit as long as they look 18 and not
over 45 I'm fine an overt amount of
cuckolding is not really my thing I'm
not completely against watching it but
it is a little bit of a turn-off to
watch the husband if someone gets super
cuckolded I'm not really into the whole
durable super cup holding like I'm
completely fine with cuckolding porn
we're like a black guys fucking a white
girl on the white girls like oh my god
my husband might come home any minute
and that kind of cock holding that's
fine I don't care
I don't really particularly find it adds
to the story or to my sexual arousal to
see someone being cuckolded in that way
but it actually detract from it if the
guys sitting right there and he's got a
tiny dick and he's fat he's gross and
he's like oh yeah oh yeah and it's like
oh yeah I'm fucking your wife and you're
nastiest fuck like I would rather that
guy just not be there and that that dude
just be fucking that chick alone there
is some cock holding poor and I actually
like a lot like there was this one porn
where a cop a white cop was watching his
wife get fucked by this black dude and
the white cop was like the same height
the same like bill dish as the black guy
and he was jerking his like bigger than
average cock to his wife getting fucked
by this black criminal by the way I'm
fine with race play and stuff like that
but the cool part was at the end of the
video there was like a behind-the-scenes
thing where he was like yeah this is my
actual wife and I actually used to be a
cop and this is my actual uniform and I
thought that was like really cool
because that kind of thing it doesn't
really turn me off that much I wouldn't
want to be in that kind of relationship
because in my opinion I want the man
that I choose to be my actual partner
like significant other the main guy I'm
with or whatever in the situation to be
the most alpha they're like that's what
turns me on
not really under foot fetish porn I
think most people have ugly feet I think
I have cute feet so if I started like
jerking off a guy or a guy came on my
feet I think that would be cute or hot
but guys feet and most girls feets not
into it
and lastly anything cake farty or weird
fetishes that have to do with the ass or
farting or shit anything like that just
anything at all having to do with weird
shit like inanimate objects like balloon
fetishes I don't have any of the
inanimate object fetishes I have an
adamant object fetishes in that I like
watching guys wear masks or like scary
costumes and stuff but that just has to
do with more of my domination adrenaline
fear rape fantasies so yeah if you guys
have any things that you don't like to
watch and porn please let me know in the
comments if I forgot anything you guys
can ask me anything about anything you
don't like to say do you like this do
you like that I'm always open to
answering these questions and again if I
don't like the same things that you like
or I find something that you like
disgusting that is not to say that I
don't like you as a person or I find you
personally disgusting it's just that I
don't like it I'm very open-minded with
what people like I never judge people
based on it like I said before and I
don't really have any moral or physical
outrage or disgust for a person even if
they like something that I find
disgusting hopefully that makes sense
and that's clear to all of you so I
don't see any of those dumbass comments
in the comment section all other
comments welcome though I love you guys
thanks for watching and I will see you
in the next video
