so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to new episode Oh Friday night
male holy shit I've been trying to get
my computer together for the last few
days shit's been crazy so I haven't been
able to record anything so I'm sorry
okay are you freaking out so I'm sorry
that I didn't have an upload for
yesterday okay you're gonna bite my feet
you're gonna be in the video anyway so
welcome to today's epidemic that I'm
gonna be able to edit this and upload it
the same day that I recorded in time for
FM as usual first I want to give a shout
out to morganator who is this week's
winner of the giveaway congratulations
morganator I hope you enjoy your $25
Amazon gift card whenever you do get
back to me I will send it straight over
to you so check your email if you guys
want to sign up for this week's giveaway
of a $25 Amazon gift card the link as
always will be in the top of the
description moving on I am happy to
announce that we have three wonderful
questions for this week's F&M so let's
just fucking get into it because we have
like six boxes which might take a little
bit of time then I'm gonna go play with
Eve edit the video and watch J stream
which is once again twitch.tv slash
Jekyll v link will be in the description
he just got affiliate which means you
can subscribe to him and sent him bits
and all that stuff which is really
exciting very proud of him okay so the
first question is from Michael Massey AG
question if your house is on fire and
both even Jay were unconscious inside
and you could only save one of them
which one would you save and yes the
other one dies in the fire due to slow
ass fire department Eve just me out I
don't know if you guys could hear her
but she's totally like please save me
honestly I would definitely choose Jay
if I knew I could save either of them
the problem with Jay being unconscious
is that he's a little heavy with evil
conscience I could just like pick her up
throw her over my shoulder and then
anything I could do to help Jay I could
still do well helping her as well but
obviously I would choose J over Eve
unfortunately that would be a really
fucking hard decision I would hate
myself forever that I didn't also find a
way to save her now if it were any other
human and Eve
percent of every single time without
question and then the funny thing about
this question is that Goku the San
Legacy responds with question if your
ps4 or Xbox one was about to go
underwater due to Hurricane Harvey which
would you choose
and then like I would say Michael
responds with obviously my ps4 aka the
console with better exclusives and Xbox
one
I personally don't even own an Xbox one
so I can feel him their pin them goku
says thank you i try to tell people ps4
is way more advanced and cooler but they
always have an argument about Xbox one
is better Cod fanboys all of them next
question I'm really excited about having
my computer set up you guys it's so
badass with the thread Ripper you guys
don't even know at first my motherboard
didn't work and that took a whole day to
diagnose then when I got a new
motherboard and it could finally turn on
in boot and posts it was crashing every
three minutes is the worst
dr. skittle says question tell me how
you feel about these types of men this
is gonna be fun
redneck not too into it country I'm
assuming he means country boy and I'm
totally into country boys there's a
staunch difference to me between like a
redneck and a country boy a country boys
just someone who lives in the country
you might have a cute accent and a
redneck is more of the like derogatory
word for someone who's really uneducated
and probably sleeps with their sister
emo not usually a fan of email boys but
if they can pull it off well and not
make it seem like it's some kind of
really womanly thing like if they look
like vampires or something like Vlad
from league legends
not this Vlad then yeah definitely emo
is good so when I say emo I mean more
like heavy metal or like gothic city boy
huh depends feel like every city boy is
vastly different but I'm not really a
city girl myself so softie yeah I like a
guy with emotional intelligence and a
guy who's not afraid to open up and be
sensitive when he needs to be but
someone who's just all-around known as a
softy not into it
and body builder which is my favorite
kind
ifbb pro bodybuilder all full of fucking
stores just bluff is fuck that is my
shit please tell me if you're into these
and which ones are your favourite heart
heart heart heart love you dr. skittles
and last question from Keegan wat6 he
says cool question if you had the choice
to be reincarnated as something else
what would it be and why PS keep up the
awesome streams love them oh I didn't
think about this before I came here and
record
this I don't know dude I've always
wanted to be reincarnated as a house cat
I really like being a human because
humans have the ability to evaluate
literally everything with the logical
rational mindset I'm very interested in
that I'm interested in our higher
intelligence being one is cool
interacting with them not so cool but if
I had to choose something else it would
definitely be a house cat they literally
do whatever they want all day just get
fed to just play and then sleep when I
was in high school and I had to get up
early in the morning I thought that was
so fucking cool and I was so envious I
was like I don't want to go to do this
this is stupid why can't I be my cat
shoutout to climber rest in peace that
was the cat I had when I was in high
school all right guys thank you for the
questions and if you want to post
anything ask me anything in the comments
I love taking these questions and
remember if you start the question with
question like Dwight Schrute from the
office you have a better chance of your
question being picked and answered in
the next epidemic okay okay one more
question because it's just way too good
and I remember that this question was on
the SNM as I was saying post question
like Dwight Schrute okay Kenny King asks
question what is your favorite episode
of the office okay so I have watched the
entire office series twice now like
entirely and there's a lot of episodes
and this is one of the actual series
that I watch where I can tell you
definitively my favorite episode of all
time and if you haven't watched the
office and you plan on doing so this
might include spoilers so spoiler alert
my favorite episode of all time is when
Angela's driving away and it's been like
a long blue balls of Angela and Dwight
being separated and not together when I
loved their relationship so much I felt
like I was in Angela's shoes because I
was the tiny little blonde and I was so
in love with Dwight oh my god so when he
like drives up and he's honking at her
and she's like what and then he like I
don't remember if it was proposes or
just says like I don't wanna live
without you're just like some big like
cute thing and you're just like finally
yes oh my god that was so much better of
a love story than Twilight or basically
any other love story ever
my second favorite episode is when it's
Halloween and Dwight dresses up like
Kerrigan from Starcraft Queen of Blades
oh that question put me in a good mood
when I remembered it okay first thing we
have here Oh
very picky this is from rubber tongue
this is like a really sexy dress that
I'm really hoping fits me because you
know Asian sizes but look at it I have
to put it on right now oh my god this is
gonna look so hot on me I just know it I
really hope it does let's put it on one
moment I knew it would look hot I knew
it I loved it
good boy rubber tongue next we've got
notes bitch you is fine xox Melanie I
love you Melanie
oh yay cat ears oh and they're like
great look I don't know if you can tell
my camera is a little bit bright right
now because it's actually daytime for
the first time ever of me recording F&M
and it's bright outside but we're gonna
be a cat so get the blackish one and
then we get the silver one I'm gonna
wear the silver one because it matches I
love it Melanie you're amazing and a
practical guide to racism I love this
black face right here it's like mister
Popo but with white lips why wouldn't
people are doing blackface do they
portray black people as having white
lips like clowns or something I guess
it's just supposed to be like ha you
guys aren't to be taken seriously on the
front it actually says for the ladies
let me show you with blood practical
racism for the ladies gotta love it
alright it's here now I can't be called
a racist because I have black friends
the human race is not actually a race
it's a species but it is divided into
several convenient races like black
white asian and mixed mixed is a race Oh
God Vlad come back we've got a little
bit more not to mention the fact that
white people drive a car like this
well white people drive a car like this
I don't know about you guys but I feel
like that black guy looks pretty
whitewashed
oh man Melanie you've outdone yourself
and we've got true romance with val
kilmer this is gonna be fun I have not
seen this movie before Oh Melanie you
are amazing
I can't I can't even describe the
ridiculousness of how fucking amazing
you are on so many levels oh my god
let's move over here to the smaller
boxes
I love the books that I have I'm gonna
put that like literally right next to my
mind come and people can just think
whatever they want because they will
anyway Oh where's the thank-you note
they're supposed to be a thank-you note
don't tell me they forgot it these are
LED lashes LED lashes how does it work
and then there's like a little pirate
pirate little thing I don't know if you
guys can see it it's like a little
pirate ship keychain okay you pin the
led thing in the back of your hair oh
god this is gonna be fun let's do this
let's fucking do it because why not I
don't get it they're not working but
they're a great Eve tie I'll have to
figure these out and post them on
Instagram I'm gonna give these to Jay
and make him make these work thank you
whoever sent this to me if this was
Melanie wow you are a fucking genius
girl it's wrapped is it from Donald's hi
Tara thought this would look good on you
thanks for not supporting all those fake
news outlets that all the snowflakes and
Lib tard support together we will make
America plough again is this what I
think it is oh it is okay okay the ears
are hot but nothing can compare to a
maggot oh man and it matches my lips I'm
almost wearing like his outfit like his
golf outfit this is like the female
version of his stupid ugly white golf
shirt oh we gotta wear this for the rest
of the video Thank You Donald
I approve oh I should just wear it
sometimes just to piss people off we've
got a giant bag of stuff from spree
picky what you guys are gonna love just
wait and see just this from rubber
tongue I ordered him to buy all of these
things oh my god what are you doing in
this box Eve what are you doing baby
what are you doing hmm you want to make
America great again
oh okay enough of that first wu- out oh
and then there's more tape really okay
so we've got a little Totoro keychain
there we go it's Totoro laying in here
and it's like a little wind chime I'm
gonna stick outside very very cute looks
like that
good boy rubber tongue oh my god my
blood necklace yes oh my god yes oh no
is it fucked up don't be fucked up no it
broke a little bit okay it's okay it's
gonna make me look like I slit my throat
oh man this is what I want to be for
Halloween a murdered femme Trump
they sent me a sexy anime dude bookmark
that's cool and a Totoro sweater oh I
didn't know he was getting me this
should we put it on let's put it on oh
my god it's so cute I love it it
actually fits perfectly look at that oh
my god the very last thing
it's my no face lamp my no face lamp
there's no face how do I make it light
up looks like this very fucking cute you
know I'm a little bit sad that I
actually look really good in this hat
and it it actually looks really good and
I know people are gonna cry but I think
it is a hilarious troll meme this has
got to be the thumbnail wait there we go
Eva you okay baby I love you okay let
you go go we free all right we have one
more box
it's Eva's pet bed like one of those pet
cocoon things she just goes in there and
sleep let's try to get her to come in
here
Eve Eve come here Evans angle my
eyelashes to get her to come here like
the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoyed thank you so much for
everything
Melanie and Donald and rubber tongue and
if someone else who the person who sent
me the eyelashes I love you I'll post
pictures on Instagram as soon as I can
make it work other than that stay tuned
for a little bit of ass in this dress
and even her new bed I love you guys and
I'll see you next week
thank you
all right we're gonna try to get Eve in
there go you sinner
it's in there baby
it's in there it's not my hand it's in
there
baby
get in there baby
yes I can see it right there I don't
know if she likes it
if
such a cutie such a beauty
