dude females only so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys I thought I would do
something of a pool chat today you guys
said or at least one person I saw even
when I already had this setup one person
did say you should do this keep doing it
but with a tripod so I'm trying to use a
tripod so that I can actually think
about what I'm talking about this time I
really enjoyed doing stuff in the pool
it's really nice outside it's warm it's
beautiful but I wanted to tell you guys
about the the feminist gym okay so I
feel like I overhyped it in
unintentionally a lot of you guys are
probably thinking that it's some
hilarious ridiculous happening that is
like story time worthy and it's not it's
just my choice to not go with Ella back
which is Las Vegas Athletic Club I'm
trying to get comfortable because
sitting on my sitting on my knees is a
better view obviously because you get
the titties and you get a little bit of
the waist and stuff but it hurts my feet
after a while then I start being very
hyper aware of it and then I'm like not
being able to focus on what I'm talking
about
eventually I'll get this down and this
will be comfortable and we'll do pool
talks and it'll be awesome but for right
now it's gonna be a little glitchy and
I'm gonna be a little weird and a little
off because I'm focusing on so many
different things and trying to get
things normal so when we were looking
around for a club to go work out at a
club a gym we were looking for a gym
right and we heard about Las Vegas the
buttock it looked way better than LA
Fitness which we were previously members
of and if you guys didn't okay so I
don't think I've ever told this story
I've actually been kicked out of three
gyms why don't we make this a kicked out
of gyms and Las Vegas Athletic Club
story so that it's actually kind of
interesting it's like story time Jay and
I were kicked out of three gyms the
first gym we were kicked out of was YMCA
and we are forever banned from YMCA it's
quite a funny story so we saw this okay
this is so bad I was like 17 years old
or something when we did this and I I'm
not usually okay to be honest I saw a
lot of stuff from players when I was
younger like my friend mod√®le who lived
with me I'm stopped blurring out her
name whatever she was like my foster
sister whatever her and I we would go to
the mall and just steal so much shit
from Claire's like holy shit I think
I've talked about this a little bit in
the illegal things I've done stories and
people had cut my god you're admitting
to this but it was so long ago and we
actually got caught so it's not that big
of a deal
I don't know I'm very against anything
illegal now so anything I did in my
childhood or in my adolescence I'm sorry
okay so Jay and I were walking into the
YMCA and we saw this convertible with
like an iPod just sitting there on the
seat and we're like let's teach him a
lesson so we take the iPod and then we
work out we go home and then someone
shows up at her house a cop actually and
he's like yeah we saw on camera that you
stole this dude's iPod and you're gonna
get in trouble and we were like holy
fuck especially for Jay because I think
at that time Jay was like overage she
was like 19 or something and so I was
really worried that Jay was gonna get
prosecuted having been with a boyfriend
who stole cars and stuff and who
actually got his third strike and stayed
in jail or juvie for a really long time
I was like really apprehensive about
this and I was just like oh my god it
was a mistake we were trying to teach
the guy a lesson which is such a foot
just just fucking terrible I have no
excuse no excuse for what we did that
was the first reason and were banned
from YMCA for the rest of our lives for
that I guess I don't know if they're
still upholding that I don't know if I
would go there like ten years later or
whatever it is now and be like yeah I'm
in YMCA and they're like yeah you can't
be here we remember you stole something
back in Seattle like fucking 10 years
ago or something but the second time we
were banned from a gym it wasn't so much
a banning as it was a misunderstanding
that led to some bullshit in my
experience gym owners especially if it's
not like a large chain especially if
it's not like a large chain they're very
very fucking stingy not honest with
their pricing and able to try to fuck
you over by any means necessary that's
just what I've experienced so we're at
this gym called Nordic park gym it was
owned by this old woman
I think 40 bucks for both of us and Jane
was like wow really 40 bucks for both of
us because previously it remembers this
story better than I do I actually asked
him recently exactly why we were kicked
out because I barely remember so anyway
I was like yeah that sounds great and we
signed and paid the 46 dollars for both
of us nowadays gyms are actually like 15
to 25 dollars a month and not that
expensive I think that's what we're
paying right now for our gym membership
and Elle back was actually cheaper even
though the gym that we're going to now
is smaller but I think in some part
you're paying for the exclusivity of it
where there's not that many people there
and it's not crowded Elle back was so
crowded anyway a couple days later the
chick that owns the place came up to Jay
and was like yeah you only pay for one
of you guys and Jay was like what are
you talking about you said specifically
and we made sure that the $46 was for
both of us why would you be charging us
only $46 when both of us were standing
right there trying to renew our
membership and she just refused to
accept the fact that it was her mistake
and to let us stay there but at the same
time we weren't gonna pay that money
because it was just way too hellacious
at the time for a gym membership we also
wanted our money back because we had
just paid so it turned into like this
big deal where the cops were called
because we were like we're not leaving
without our money and then we were
banned I really loved that gym I think
it was my favorite gym of all time
mainly because it was 24 hours it was
clean there weren't that many people
there and I knew a few people there
there was this cute guy there that
worked there but another thing I hated
about the new park gym oh my god was
that one time okay so back in the day I
love my black North Face jacket but my
black North Face jacket was more special
than just a regular North Face jacket
because I found an extra small and it
was almost impossible to find this extra
small I went to like four or five
different stores different North Face
stores before I found this extra small
so it was really important to me it
wasn't something that I could just
replace also those jackets if you don't
know we're like fucking 150 bucks or
something and back then and even now
that's a lot for me so to lose 150 bucks
shittily really pissed me off so what
happened was I worked out there and the
guy that worked at the counter at the
time was like this guy that always
talked about how hot it was that I was
running in my like boobs were bouncing
while I was running like he was super
into me or whatever and he would always
talk like guy talk with Jay about how
hot I am forever
so I thought it would be cool and fine
when I left one day and I forgot my
jacket and I called him and I was like
can you hold the jacket he's like oh
yeah I have the jacket right here I see
that you left it and I actually left it
on a specific machine and I was able to
tell him which treadmill I left it on
right so I was completely secure leaving
it with him the next day I show up he
hands me an off-color beat-up piece of
shit size medium woman's not extra small
fucking girls remember the fuck I had
completely different North Face jacket
and I'm like this isn't mine and he's
like oh yeah I was like I told you last
time I didn't leave it anywhere I left
it on this particular treadmill and you
oh my god told me you had it and I was
really furious and really disappointed
because I had some things in the pockets
and because I had spent so much time
looking for this one-of-a-kind extra
small that no one ever had okay so the
third time we were kicked out of a gym
is very similar to the second time it's
just them trying to swindle us out of
more money than they promised us so what
we did was we had the choice of paying
more monthly or paying an initial
membership fee at this place it was
called pro fitness and this was like a
tiny gym like a tiny gross awful
terrible gym run by a guy who was really
really self-important and thought he was
the most badass guy in the entire
fucking world oh I hated that guy so
much we could pay up front a couple
hundred dollars and then have a lower
monthly fee or we could not have a
higher monthly fee for as long as we
were members and obviously paying up
front that money is better so Jay said
that's cool but we're kind of low on
money right now is there any way that we
could put that big payment into our
monthly payments and he's like oh yeah
around for us to obtain that like extra
charge and the gaiden ID that there was
ever a charge there and that that was
just the standard monthly fee that's
gonna happen for the rest of our
membership like what
and like Jase is really thorough about
their shit he's really professional he
really makes sure and he reads all the
documentation it's just fucking bullshit
and like I don't know what kind of legal
action we could get into but we
basically just get kicked out at that
point for denying that this happened
we're trying to say that something else
happened because it's their gym it's
private property private company
whatever they're allowed to do that we
went to LA Fitness we've been members of
LA Fitness until we moved for a very
long time oddly enough there's no LA
Fitness in Las Vegas even though Las
Vegas is really close to LA so we
decided to check out L back here's the L
back feministic gym story so we can do
this gym and it's completely packed
there's an upstairs downstairs an indoor
track it's really great there's tons of
benches but the issue with the gym other
than the whole feminist story and the
fact that the guy like really wasn't
very nice or friendly when he was
showing us around
was that the benches and all of the
machines and everything were just kind
of packed in together to the point where
you feel like you're working out like
you're actually doing your set with
someone or something that's how it feels
because it's so close like the benches
and the squat racks are like this far
apart or something so if you're standing
in the middle of two machines waiting
your time between sets there's something
you can't even tell if that person is
using this machine or that machine it
looks like they're taking up like three
machines so it's really confusing there
were tons and tons of people like way
too many fucking people but we were
still gonna go with it because it's a
big gym and it's a chain at least in the
area but oh my god dude I couldn't stand
okay first of all there's two rules that
I didn't like the first rule is you
can't do any chalk now Jay just started
getting back into using chalk in his
workouts and he's like oh let's gate but
whatever we'll just deal with it and
then the second is you cannot bring your
bags even a small backpack that you keep
on your back upstairs you have to store
it in the fucking locker room now for me
I like to go there with a backpack I
have like my water bottle attached to
the backpack anything that I need in my
bag like the flip-flops that I might
change into after or like any extra
clothes or anything my wallet stuff like
that and I don't like to like do a lot
go into the locker
I'm shower after or before I don't do
any of that stuff so for me to be
required to go into the locker room and
then if I forget something or I need
something in the middle of my workout
either have to carry it with me and they
don't let you carry anything like they
don't even let you carry like sunglasses
I took my sunglasses when we tried it
out because we wanted like a trial day
or whatever to try out the gym and they
allowed us to do that but you're like
not allowed to do that it's so weird I
like to even sometimes like lift weights
with my sunglasses on I know I'm weird
I'm like one of the inside sunglass
people that people think are so fucking
rude and terrible I don't give a shit
dude I like wearing sunglasses inside
sometimes the brightness of the inside
lights pisses me off okay so that was
really annoying and then and then the
fucking worst part is they took us down
to this area and there's a woman's only
area now it's this tiny area jam-packed
with like a bunch of machines that are
supposedly for women only or better
suited for women and so the guy opens
the door to show us he'd like you the
whole time during the whole tour he's
not talking to me he's talking to Jay
like which is fine I'm most guys did
that whole like misogynistic thing where
they think the guy has the money or they
think the guy is the one making the
decision so they talk slowly to him or
maybe they feel like they have something
in common or they don't really notice
that they're edging me out but I kind of
like that because I don't really like
human interaction I always do all of the
human interaction because Jay doesn't
like it either so it's nice to have him
be forced to be the one talking to the
guy and making all the decisions is
actually really nice it's like a nice
little reprieve from my everyday you
know my being the alpha female that I am
anyway so he opens the door and he's
like this is the female area and him
having never directly addressed me
before Jay thought he was addressing him
so Jay stands by the door just like near
the open door that the male worker is
holding open and he goes dude females
only and just like like Jay was actually
like already walking in there this is
where's the male only area not only does
the female only area and sinuate that
women are too fragile to even work
around a man it implies that they're too
fragile to work with men's equipments
but it also makes the women who do opt
to not work out in that little fucking
weird female
area people awkward because they're
working out where they're not supposed
to
in my opinion segregation affirmative
action anything like that it's fucking
awful for equality
it's about supremacy and about treating
one of the genders like they're fucking
invalid babies that need a nursery this
is like girl Jim nursery area for baby
bitches who don't want to be looked at
while they're in the gym I just want to
go in there as a bisexual female and
even though there's obviously no one in
there that's attractive I want to go in
there and just like I people just think
girls can be fucking perverts too I know
you're like so so afraid that the boys
gonna look at you while you're working
out and therefore you wouldn't do it if
you didn't have this little safe space
in here like oh it's just so disgusting
to me I know a lot of people will say
like that's not a big deal it's a
private company they can do what they
want obviously they're gonna pander to
the mainstream and do things that are
gonna make them more money and that's
fine that's all fine I'm not criticizing
them for doing it well I am criticizing
them for doing it on the grounds of me
not wanting to be a patron there if
they're gonna do it but that's my profit
of as well
I'm just challenging the idea of there
needing to be this a creation of women
and men it's so funny that when there
was segregation for the races people
didn't like that oh let me zoom in and
fix the thing obviously people didn't
like the segregation of the races like
oh my god because that was a step
backward away from equality but then
when women need their safe spaces and
they want to be segregated and they want
to meet women who don't want to be
singer he didn't feel like they're weird
we're not wanting to be segregated oh
that's perfectly fine that is not a step
away from equality that makes perfect
sense
when there are fragile little flowers
that are just gonna absolutely destroy
themselves if they have to work out in
the presence of a man with men's
equipment it's just so ridiculous to me
that there's a place that I can go work
out in the Jay can't based solely on the
fact that I have tits in a vagina
biologically and not at all based on the
fact that I'm gonna be a pervert too
just like a man if I want to check out a
girl I'll check out a girl if I want to
lift heavy weights and go I'm gonna be
really annoying like men supposedly do
oh well I can fucking do it because I
have the female card it just makes no
fucking sense it looks lumps
everyone into one category and it's just
completely counterintuitive to the
process of trying told oneself
accountable for their fucking actions to
man up and get with the real fucking
world and to stop being fucking babies I
don't want to treat women like children
I don't think women need to be treated
like children and the women who think
that they do need to be treated like
children and they're not good role
models for other women anyway I didn't
want to turn this into like a huge rant
about what fucking feminism or anything
again I've already done that if you guys
want to watch my why I'm not a feminist
video let me know what you think about
segregated fucking areas in gyms and I
just wanna let you guys know that I am
so fucking happy not going to ell back
because the gym that I go to while it
only has one Olympic pool and no indoor
track has way way less people and no
whiny bitches and doesn't make me feel
weird for not wanting to be segregated
away from all of the men in my own
little girlie equipments anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed this video like the
video subscribe to problems with
privately-owned gyms I love you guys and
I'll see you in the next video yeah
wandering bikini or monokini to rule
them all
