just got our ears down Oh so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys welcome to
new episode of Friday night mail if I
look a little disheveled and a little
red-eyed today it's because I actually
streamed before I started making this
video which is something I absolutely
never do maybe one day I'll film a day
in the life of Tara and you guys will
actually see how I filmed my videos and
stuff but I always film my videos it's
my nipple out no it wasn't right anyway
I always film my videos then i stream
mainly because streaming takes so much
out of me just like editing does and
making videos to me for YouTube and
stuff like that is a priority over
streaming so I like to do it if I'm sure
I have enough time but I streamed first
for two reasons first is today was the
day is that life is strange before the
storm came out which I was really
excited about and I completed the whole
first episode in about two and a half
hours and then was really really sad
that it looks like I have to wait like
eight weeks before I get the next
installment which is like I need
episodic games so bad the second reason
is because Jay has now started streaming
you guys should check him out it's
twitch TV / Jekyll 5 he streams
absolutely every day for like 7 hours a
day playing league and trying to better
himself is basically what he does when
I'm working if he's not helping me out
with something
and I would really appreciate it if you
went over there and followed him and
maybe watched one of his streams or
something if you want to chat with me
when I'm not here on YouTube another way
to do so is in his chat because I'm
almost always there in fact I'm on his
stream right now his stream setup is
actually really sick I helped him set it
up and he's actually using one of my
best lenses well actually the best ones
for low-light chances are you'll like
him anyway moving on let's do what the
giveaway winner this week which is Sasha
peek congratulations Sasha Pia I think I
need to make some kind of role for
someone not winning the giveaway twice
because this is his second time winning
the giveaway not like consecutively or
anything but still Sasha Pete you're a
badass you still have yet to respond to
my email so please do let me know that
you got it so I can send you over the
gift card and if any of you guys want to
sign up for this week's giveaway link as
always is in the description right below
Jay's stream link if you want to check
them out we plan on doing streams to go
- playing like Diablo and other games
maybe I'll play some league again it's
been a while I did just buy the best
final boss by gar figure though limited
edition on the riot store if you guys
want to check out anything like that if
you want to keep up to date with my life
the best way to do so is literally
Instagram it's the only social media
that I put all of my heart and soul into
pictures of my life I do my story quite
often twitch and YouTube and even mines
are kind of just places that I free put
the stuff from Instagram okay we have
three questions this week and then we
have three packages there's some good
questions - oh I have to leave J stream
to look at them I need dual phones like
I have dual monitors okay so the first
question is from arm on that Kastner my
favorite question if J didn't exist
where would you be who would you be with
how different would your life be how
would you be different from how you are
now oh my god Eve won't leave these
things on my romper alone I keep tying
them she keeps untying them it's like
what the hell Eve you were so cute but
she like sunk her nail into my inner
thigh earlier and it was like the most
painful thing ever
well when I did meet Jay I was in this
like awful dead-end relationship with a
guy who was probably cheating on me and
who was in and out of juvie I probably
would have slowly self-actualized like I
am today but I would probably be way
behind if it weren't for Jay I owe a lot
to Jay and I hate saying stuff like that
because that's not the reason that he's
in my life now like he consistently
keeps my selfish in rand reasoning for
loving him up here but like he helped me
through a really hard patch he helps me
become more of who I am and it wasn't
even him like educating me or anything
it was just him giving me self-worth by
showing me that I'm worth something it's
not that I hated myself or anything it's
just that I don't think I respected
myself especially in terms of
relationships as much as I should I
don't know where the fuck I'd be
honestly I definitely wouldn't be as
happy as I am now I'm pretty sure next
question is from Kay Fox 23 god I'm
shedding hair like crazy question what
is your favorite thing Eve has done
there are so many things I just want to
make a whole video just gushing about
how fucking amazing Eve is first of all
we play that game where I just put my
finger somewhere and she goes there and
finds the treat she's also really good
at that treat tower that I bought she's
just a very smart kitten and
top of that she's like half kitten and
half dog she walks on a leash and will
take walks with me she plays fetch like
I throw her toy she brings it back to me
and like just drops it in front of me
it's so fucking cute she goes to the
bathroom with me in the middle of the
night and then I pick her up and take
her back to bed and she'll just like lay
and cuddle me oh my god it's so cute
another reason you should follow me on
Instagram because my stories with Eve
are absolutely fucking adorable she's
just the sweetest thing the absolute
perfect kitten if I had to like choose
from a list she's actually up there
right now Eve Oh
if I had to just choose from a list of
cute perfect kitten things this is the
kitten that I would come out with this
adorable thing that hates it when I
cuddled her during videos but I love her
too much I know I'm torturing her I
should probably stop this is why she
doesn't like Jay and she likes me better
because I accept boundaries and Jay does
not he just like squeezes her to death
and loves her usually I have to like
pick her up and bring her to bed but
today she just climbed up onto bed she
has this like blanket with pandas on it
that she absolutely loves to sleep on
she curled up on that and then she like
laid on my arm and it was she's the
cutest thing
I can't question if you could travel
anywhere in this world where would it be
I love you so much thank you so much
Osito plays I love you too if I could
travel anywhere in this world god Osito
plays I would assume that you're a gamer
because your name your channel name is
Osito plays meaning they probably do
Let's Plays and stuff like that I can't
believe you would give me such a fucking
boring questions in this world you just
add that like shit stipulation but
anyway I've always wanted to travel to
Germany I mean the men are German there
so that helps prior to all of the
terrorist attacks in Europe I thought I
would rather live in Europe than America
Europe's kind of gone to shit with other
immigration policies and stuff and the
open borders crap I always thought I
would do really well living and maybe
even like in the Welsh countryside or
something or somewhere where there's not
that many people but I also think I
would do really well in London and
Cologne or something the thing with me
is though I don't like travelling at all
I absolutely despise it I don't like
being anywhere other than here and
that's because here is where I've built
my palace home is where the heart is and
my heart is always in front of my kin
you're playing video games or on the
couch playing video games or just
spending time with Jay in a place that I
have made comfortable I just don't ever
want to leave thinking about going to
conventions like twitchcon VidCon and I
was actually thinking about going to the
freedom of speech week even though my
decision not to go to that and to maybe
not to go to other conventions doesn't
really factor into this it just it makes
it so much harder to go to events
because all I want to do is be here you
guys are fucking awesome I don't know if
I've said that yet in this video but I
just want you guys to know it and
understand it fully I don't know how
much I can say it before I beat it into
your thick skulls anyone who thinks that
they're not worth something you are you
only live one life so live that life to
its fullest and don't feel sorry for
yourself don't be a victim don't be lazy
don't think that you have to live a
certain way because you're gonna get
some kind of afterlife or something make
this one life count the journey to
becoming happy as long as you're always
attempting to make progress will be the
most fulfilling thing in the fucking
world I guarantee it kind of like the
Men's Wearhouse you know anyway this has
nothing in it so let's open it haha oh
shit this is actually from rubber cock
rubber Cup you're such a good boy all of
the my neighbor totoro chokers which we
are gonna put on right now I'm not
wearing a choker today so why the fuck
not good boy rubber tongue I saw these
in my email and I sent these two rubber
talking about these bitch and here they
are hello Eve you found out that there's
something to play with so you come here
and you try to play with it is that
what's going on hey that's mine not
yours she got the the mushroom and the
little flower it's like not the most
important one with the most important
characters good boy
rubber town all right why are you just
sitting there staring up at me yeah oh
there's the kitty I'm such a man in my
strength I've been working out can you
tell all right oh my god hi Tara I hope
the fucking machine is wearing you out
thought you could wear this when you and
J go out to the clubs very sexually
yours Lucas Taylor PS I'm not Donald but
you are Donald though you
are alright alright alright let's see
what's role shit we get too late are you
gonna ruin my sexy Bishop visages oh man
this is like this is like one of those
Africa Africa stuff at the risk of
sounding completely culturally
insensitive because I don't give a fuck
traditional African garb oh it looks
it's got pockets this is the best now I
feel like I'm wearing clothes the size
that like Tana mojo would wear just like
yeah I just love being lazy hobo chic
not a diss on Tana I used to like Tana
didn't stop liking her for the way she
dress oh my god oh I didn't think anyone
would ever buy me this this is so good
hi Terry your cat will hate you for this
from Joe
it's a NIMH mask guys it's a fucking
beep no plastic bags you're gonna die
thank you Joe I look like Eve don't I oh
my god oh we gotta get used like
reaction to this thumbnail we've got to
get Vlad and then we're gonna scare the
shit out of Eve looking like Eve be
right back
I got a do for Evan M okay fun it's
gonna scar her can this fucking focus
all right guys here we go he's right
there
just got our ears down oh I love you
it's just me it's just if it's just me
it's just me holy shit I'm getting rekt
oh holy fuck yeah this is it
that's it kill it oh my god I've never
seen her like that oh my god just let
her know you're there first
oh sorry bad idea bad idea
Oh oh man I'm gonna take off this thing
I'm wearing too cuz it's not good what
she's scared of the camera I'm sorry
does she hate me now shoot mister just
wanna relax it's just me oh I'm so sorry
baby let's murder it let's fuckin murder
it murdered whoa didn't think she would
freak out that much of that she just
like run away or something oh I'm sorry
baby
holy crap I didn't think she would freak
out yeah she's so fluffy now
neither I'm sorry baby
Eva you done being fluffy why are you
eating that why are you eating now huh
yeah you get up here alright guys thanks
for watching like the video and
subscribe to the channel I hope you guys
enjoyed this and I will see you next
week with another Friday night mail it's
been fun but I feel really bad I hope
Kitty feels better cuz that was I've
never seen her act like that she's
hissed once at me and that was one time
we went for a walk and I was running cuz
she was running and then she thought
someone was chasing her and she turned
around she hissed that's the only time
I've ever heard her hiss not with other
people not with other animals I love you
bad idea I guess bye guys love you
