my ass is nice and cold now so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys welcome to
my big as fuck vegan food hall I went to
Trader Joe's and I went to Whole Foods
today
Whole Foods was far far far superior to
Trader Joe's if you guys are looking for
vegan or vegetarian options especially
ones that are better organized I
definitely recommend Whole Foods it's a
bigger store less catering to just
organic and Whole Foods and more just
everything you need to be healthy and a
lot more that you need to be vegan
I mean Trader Joe's actually had less
vegan options and then some of the
places I go to like Walmart or Target it
was ridiculous so I am absolutely in
love with Whole Foods and I am finally
making the switch to being 100% vegan I
have been a vegetarian for more than 10
years now I feel but now that I've moved
to Vegas now that there's a Whole Foods
near me and quite frankly after I
watched what the hell not that that
actually changed my mind I've always
wanted to be vegan fully for those of
you who are curious I partake in every
single argument that there is to be
vegan the personal ethical reasons to
the health reasons when I was very young
I thought it was very weird that we
actually killed animals for food but
we're so so adamant about every single
human life mattering
I actually thought we used to eat
roadkill I was like that makes sense
things that died of natural causes or
accidents
what was I wrong anyway so today what
I'm gonna be doing is putting away my
groceries with you guys and going over
all the things that I bought whether or
not I've tried it before if I like it
and just to kind of give you guys an
idea of all the vegan options you guys
can get simply by going to Whole Foods
and they even have vegan options things
like Amy's corned Morningstar Gardein
and every single major grocery store
I've ever been to Safeway Target Walmart
Fred Meyer and that's basically X I've
only lived in Seattle
and here in Vegas I'm so excited you
guys I haven't eaten I actually went to
the gym shower and put on my makeup and
now I'm hoping none of this shit is
perished okay so basically what we're
gonna be doing is I'm gonna be taking
everything out of the bags and then once
I've done that I'll put it away one by
one and tell you guys about what I
bought why I bought it and if I like it
let's do it
fuck forgot I got ice cream okay so
everything you see here on the table is
vegan and admittedly this was about $300
but it is gonna last us about a month
and then we'll you know not buy some of
the things that we didn't like and we'll
buy more of the stuff that we did from
my experience vegan and vegetarian food
isn't that much expensive maybe a few
cents on the dollar you can always buy
the Whole Foods and then cook yourself
if you're someone who likes to cook
which I am NOT it's actually cheaper you
can buy the produce it's in season pick
and choose the things that are cheaper
at the moment and just like with any
grocery shopping you can stay away from
the big name brands and buy the store
brands okay so the first thing I have
here is two little yogurts these are
silk yogurts they're actually dairy-free
I have not tried these before but I got
one in strawberry and peach mango oh
hopefully it's not too bad that I'm
gonna leave the fridge open for this my
ass is nice and cold now in terms of
other yogurts I got this so delicious
dairy-free coconut milk yogurt I've
never tried coconut milk yogurt before
so I wanted to try it I got this in
vanilla and I also got some original
granola to go with it because I like to
put granola and sometimes fruits inside
my yogurt so I'm gonna like ration this
off into like five or six meals put a
little granola in there and it's gonna
be real good there now we have Eve up
here got some kosher sea salt because I
need salts with my eggs and things like
that
vegan eggs we got these drinks when I'm
having snacks I'm fine with drinking
water if get off there when I'm not
having snacks and I'm having my two big
meals of the day or like semi big meals
I like to have something that actually
has a little bit of flavor so these are
like a vitamin water type things they
didn't have vitamin water I'm still
gonna buy some vitamin water probably
from Walmart
or something but stuff like this is a
good alternative and this is black water
premium alkaline water let's try it I
bet it's gonna be fucking girls Wow it's
literally just water but it's black
can't believe we're being more racially
sensitive with our water the next thing
we have is Jays new protein shake okay
so every time we've tried a vegan
protein shake for him by the way he's
been vegetarian for ten years just like
I have and yeah fuck you to anyone that
says you can't get your protein or build
muscle Jay is a perfect living specimen
that you can anyway so oh sorry
so all of the vegan protein shakes that
we've tried have been like really grainy
and really kind of gross there are a lot
of things with the vegan alternatives
tastes way better but with this way is
better get it you know whey isolate from
like cow's milk anyway today when we got
home Jamie - protein shake with this and
while it was really thick and hard to
shake granted he does use Soylent as the
base for his protein shakes it actually
tasted really good this isn't the flavor
mocha and it was kind of like a dark
chocolate coffee tasted really good to
me the protein comes from veggies and
greens and you get a fuck ton more fiber
with this than you do with regular
protein shake but a little less protein
I'm not gonna lie it is 160 calories 20
grams of protein per scoop ok the next
thing we have which I need to put away
really quickly is some so delicious
dairy free ice cream I've had a lot of
dairy free ice cream before and I
fucking adore it it's actually better
than regular ice cream with usually less
calories this whole thing has 180
calories per serving
I got it in mint chocolate chip because
that's like one of my favorite flavors
ever and I also got mocha almond fudge
because that sounded and looked really
good here's another one of those vitamin
water type things here's some almond
milk chocolate pudding this is gonna be
great and the cool thing with vegan food
is that you get less calories less fat
and Eve if she's in the middle of my
ring light hold on so as a vegan you're
gonna have a lot less cholesterol you're
gonna get a lot less bad fats and you're
gonna have less calories per serving and
sometimes it's gonna taste better
each of these actually has a little bit
of protein too the next thing I got is a
fuck ton of vegan cookies so if you guys
don't know most of the Linnaean larry's
cookies the protein cookies are vegan
not all of them you have to check but
instead of buying a bunch of lenny in
larry's again i decided to try out
other brands this is Nonna's peanut
butter cookie Trader Joe's vegan
chocolate chip cookies these look pretty
good
you got Nana's no gluten lemon cookie
and Nonna's no gluten chocolate cookie
and these are both dairy and eggs free I
don't know about stuff like this but Jay
got some roasted kale that tastes like
smoky bacon it's basically just like
kale leaves that have some kind of
flavor to them should we try one
I haven't eaten so maybe we should try
one I don't know how I feel about this
oh it's actually not that bad it does
taste like um like smoked beef jerky or
something all right so we got some
salads I got some organic kale salad and
I got some 50/50 blend which is e that's
right which is spring blend and baby
spinach I'm gonna be having this with my
shredded soy cheese I'm actually really
excited about this because for a while
I've been using cheese that's like vegan
cheese but it's like Kraft singles
slices I've never actually had vegan
cheese that was the kind you can put in
a quesadilla or in a salad so this is
really cool these are the deli veggie
turkey slices that I use that you can
get anywhere like I get mine at Target
these are actually really good they
actually taste like turkey slices like
deli turkey slices hundred calories for
four slices and 14 grams of protein
pretty good we've got a vegan pepper
jack vegan cheddar vegan cheddar slices
vegan provolone style slices and is that
it for cheese I think it is
I can make foldy vegan sandwiches really
easily the next thing I have is a vegan
fudge brownie which I haven't tried Jay
wanted to buy this this is another weird
thing Jay bought vegan and kale crunches
cheesy Chipotle let's try it oh wait
this one I don't like that much I feel
like they just make it too spicy it's
like they want to add too much to it so
we've got vegan California rolls which
the vegan spring rolls baked tofu in the
flavor Royal Thai and savory
we've got tofu tea cream cheese I love
putting cream cheese on my toast in the
morning cream cheese is like my favorite
I don't really like
or anything else yeah I've already tried
this cream cheese and it tastes almost
exactly like regular cream cheese it's
about 60 calories per two tablespoons
one-third less fat has 70
this one has 3.5 grams of saturated fat
this one has 2 grams of saturated fat
and it's full flavor the next thing I
got is vegenaise I love vegan mayonnaise
it tastes so fucking good it's like less
fatty tasting and then regular
mayonnaise but basically the same taste
love this shit make sandwiches with it
yes
pull cashews macadamias ok these are
really cool we got fake eggs they
actually come inside of an egg shell but
it's just powder that you mix with water
I have never tried these before but I am
really excited to find out if I like
them most people say that fake eggs
tastes almost exactly like regular eggs
and I'm pretty sick of egg beaters
anyway harmless coconut water I've never
had coconut water before so I wanted to
try it I have no idea why it says
harmless certified Kosher vegan it's
okay it's kind of sweet
I have chipotle mayo vegan ease oh my
god I love sriracha aka chipotle mayo I
dip my fries in these I like putting it
on sandwiches when I want a little bit
of a kick I love it so good more vegan
cheese this one is Monterey Jack Tofurky
slices so Fergie is one of my favorite
companies for veggie stuff I love their
deli meats they're so fucking good this
one is oven roasted this is hickory
smoked vegetable samosas when I went
through my time with that boyfriend who
worked at the Bollywood theater
literally all day it was vegetable
samosas
I love samosas one of the only ethnic
foods other than a few Asian foods that
I actually like more veggies spring
rolls vegan citrus spare rib cutlets
chicken patties by corn this is soilless
potato samosas vegan chicken tikka
masala vegan kung pao chicken
vegan kale burgers I have no idea this
is gonna be good
I love veggie burgers I love fake
chicken patties but I have no idea if
kale veggie burgers are gonna be good
vegan black pepper steaks the vegan
steaks from another brand that we
usually get are so fucking good it's
actually the Morningstar
steaks I think they taste exactly like
steaks and they're so savory it's so
good vegan corn dogs tortillas because I
love my quesadillas this is my favorite
bread of all time it's called Dave's
killer bread
David's killer bread is literally the
best I have some already I have Dave's
killer bread good seed this is the mini
60 calorie good seed the last calories I
spend on bread the happier I am and then
I also have the thinly sliced 21 whole
grains and seeds got some organic whole
wheat buns for my veggie burgers
vegetable fried rice I'm gonna add tofu
to two bags here are some of the things
that I already had these are Morningstar
buffalo wings oh they're so spicy and so
fucking good and you would never never
be able to tell the difference between
other microwavable chicken nuggets in
these only that you know less calories I
like to eat broccoli
I got creamy Caesar dressing dairy-free
vegan and creamy homestyle ranch
dairy-free vegan I can dip my broccoli
in this I can put it on top of my salad
doesn't matter these are really excited
about these are like hot pockets but
vegan by tofurkey this one is turkey
broccoli and cheddar pepperoni pizza and
ham and cheese we've got some honest
mango lemonade Jay as a fan of mango a
big fan of mango everything and this
instead of having like 140 calories per
cup it actually has only 70 calories per
cup I think yeah 70 calories per cup
okay we've got barbecue wings by Gardein
my favorite restaurant of all time if
you ever go to it is the yard house yard
house makes Gardein versions of pretty
much everything that's real meat on the
menu and it's so fucking good if you
ever go to a yard house they have them
all over the place I know they have them
in LA by the convention center here down
by the strip and in Seattle downtown
it's basically like this big brewery but
they have really great food too sweet
and tangy barbecue wings crispy chipotle
lime chicken fingers seven grain crispy
tenders mandarin orange chicken which is
literally the best thing I had it last
night so fucking good
alright guys that's my entire vegan haul
of the day this is gonna last us about a
month and I'm really excited to try all
the new shit that I haven't tried before
I am someone who is vegan or at least
vegetarian and fucking hates eating like
raw vegetables most of the time unless
it's like a salad or some broccoli here
and there you can definitely go vegan or
vegetarian without eating all that shit
you can basically just get like this
stuff which is alternatives to the
things you already love and some of it
actually does taste
better than the original alright guys I
hope you enjoyed this video please like
and subscribe if you did if you want me
to show you guys what I eat more often
let me know I just thought I would do
this because it's such a big hole and I
just wanted to let you guys know that
I'm finally going fully vegan instead of
like 90% vegan obviously it's your
choice and I don't want to push you into
doing something you don't want to do but
you can't knock it until you try it
love you guys thanks for watching and
I'll see you in the next video what I'm
gonna go have some food I'm starving
this is my favorite thing of all fucking
time
this is Soylent Coffee as' it has coffee
in it if you have five of these day you
have all the nutrients you could ever
need
it's vegan and if you haven't tried
Soylent yet you should at least try this
flavor because it's my absolute favorite
alright guys I'm done now for sure enjoy
bye guys
vegan cookie Jay
