it's my nipple out I'm like so afraid
that's why I'm not moving around a lot
because I know my nipples just gonna
come flying out and then I'm gonna get
flagged and I'm gonna dye it so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want
hey guys I'm inside my pool and
hopefully I'm not gonna get attacked by
bugs cuz I'm not moving around and the
pool Jets are not on yet so yeah I
decided we're just gonna do a pool vlog
vlog as a vlog
look at my boobies I'm gonna try my best
to keep them inside this tiny bikini
while I talk to you guys about things
my dress is back over there and I'm not
gonna get myself wet or move around I
think a bird pooped in my pool and I
have to go take it out but I just did
like the whole sweep of everything and I
don't know we're just gonna ramble on
today about what I like better about
Vegas or if I regret moving to Vegas and
the answer to that is no I won't
clickbait you guys too much I just want
to talk about some things that I missed
from what was that some things that I
missed from Seattle and some things that
I don't miss from Seattle and like
better in Vegas
okay let's take a stick up thumbnail
real quick that's he was good enough
okay so I've been living here about a
month and a half and overall I really
liked it I I didn't think I would like
it as much as I do for sure it was more
Jay the one wanting to move than me
because I don't know I like Seattle I
had no like real qualms with Seattle
other than the fact that you know I
thought everyone was gonna be like kind
of not my kind of person I thought that
was gonna be consistent throughout the
US or anywhere else that I go I didn't
really think that would change too much
and the fact that I don't really go out
that much I don't really do anything I'm
not into like the the party scene or
anything remotely close to that oh my
god the sun's rising we're gonna have to
like move even more maybe I can move
this way okay there we go
um I didn't really care about how the
people are or how I perceive the people
I didn't really care about that I I just
wanted a place that I could call home a
house that was big enough for me to have
different sets inside of it and I wanted
to pay as little as possible so there
was no other option other than Vegas
Vegas has very cheap living costs the
place that I'm living in costs less than
the old apartment the old apartment is a
two-bedroom let barely know it's like a
thousand and nine square feet or
something this one is
almost 3k square feet four bedrooms
three baths so it's immensely bigger
also it has a pool and I'm paying less
but something I don't like something I
don't like it all about Vegas I guess
it's not really about Vegas it's more
living in a hot place and using AC all
day my electric bill is like $600 and
then trying to think about what my other
utilities are they're not that much
they're like 50 or 60 bucks each and
that puts me at about like $700 a month
for my utility is which it was probably
gonna happen anywhere else as long as
it's kind of hot like la would be a lot
more and I don't know I guess I kind of
get why people don't use AC when they're
poor now or even when they're not just
to conserve it makes sense but I I can't
stand it being hot you know something
that's really weird is that I used to
think okay 16 degrees is room
temperature or whatever right and I used
to think oh my god we're gonna have to
go down to like 68 degrees and it's
gonna cost so much to keep it there and
oh my god it's gonna be so expensive but
fucking 79 degrees is my comfort here
and I think it's because of the humidity
or because of the contrast from outside
to inside like outside is a hundred
degrees and inside a 78 so it's like it
not that big of a drop I think your body
kind of gets acclimated to it I don't
know but I really love the lack of
humidity here it's very humid in Seattle
the only other place I've ever been in
my entire life that's more humid than
Seattle is Florida Florida was literally
like I was like swimming when I was
outside it's just like you're swimming
in your air it's terrible it's
absolutely terrible one day it'll be
like the most humid like 90 degrees or
90% humidity and the next day it's like
okay and it's kind of clear so at least
in Florida there's variance but in
Seattle it's always always fucking humid
it goes from like 60 to 80% humidity and
that makes the heat so much more
unbearable and the funniest thing that
people are telling me is like oh you're
moving to Vegas you're not gonna like it
you don't like the heat you don't like
summers you're gonna hate it it's like
no I have a/c everywhere has a/c seattle
doesn't have AC at least most places
don't have I see like you go to Target
or you
like a big a big mall or something
everything has a city obviously but
inside places where people live there's
no a/c and it fucking sucks so I'm very
glad to be here with AC and the heat
doesn't bother me at all even when it's
like 100-something outside like right
now it's 89 outside it's really early in
the morning
the sun's not even up all the way yet
but um when it's really hot outside here
it's not bad because it's not humid like
unless you're in direct sunlight for a
long period of time which is one of the
things that annoys me about this place
is that I constantly have to wear SPF
all the fucking time
and I know you're supposed to wear SPF
or you know your I know you are supposed
to wear SPF even when it's overcast
because you can still get the UVA which
ages you and stuff and you can still get
burnt UVB is what burns you UVA is what
ages you and kind of distort it destroys
your skin and shit but yeah I am loving
it here something that's weird is that I
used to live right next to my my gym the
place that I got my hair done everything
was like exactly right across the street
even like fries and stuff is right
across the street I could walk there and
I was thinking like how hard it is for
me to get to the gym now the fact that I
have a gym inside of my inside of my
apartment complex and then I also have a
gym right across the street like how am
I ever gonna deal with having a house in
a community where obviously it's not
gonna be right across the street unless
you're living in an urban area which I
didn't want to I want to live in the
middle of nowhere you know so I thought
that that was gonna be a struggle but
for some reason going places here is
like not a big deal at all driving ten
minutes not a big deal at all the
freeways are like completely open which
is crazy because I thought it wouldn't
be the case since we're so close to LA
and LA is like the worst thing in the
world right so I don't know going places
just seems nice and the summer used to
depress me it depressed me in Seattle
because I wasn't happy because it was
too hot because I was sticky because I
was gross like I haven't sweated at all
and it's 90 degrees now like 89 90
degrees I I don't I don't feel hot
I actually heat my pool it's I heat my
pool actually with them with a solar
panel which is really cool we've got
solar panels down here
I like that the cost of living is lower
there are a few things that are more
expensive like beauty type things my eye
is crying which sucks because I can't
wipe it off because my hands wet so it's
like pointless right I just I love a lot
about this I love having a pool it's my
nipple out I'm like so afraid that's why
I'm not moving around a lot because I
know my nipple is just gonna come flying
out and then I'm gonna get flagged and
I'm gonna die and it doesn't really
matter because you know YouTube's
fucking me over enough as it is
at least it'll be up on vid me hi tell
me bid me subscribers you guys are
awesome anyway um I just love living
here I feel free I feel liberated I feel
like I'm in a place that I should be in
I don't like like a lot of people told
me I'm I don't go to the strip I'm not a
person who is a strip type person and
that's fine I spend most of my time
inside still but I like going places I
don't mind going grocery shopping I
don't mind driving to the gym every
single day I don't mind any of it
because it's it's Vegas it's nice
there's palm trees and I don't hate the
summer anymore even though I still
prefer I like I can't wait until the
winter my birthday isn't gonna be like
freezing fucking cold but what I do miss
about Seattle is I miss being close to
my parents I miss magic so much like I
know that there's actually more like
larger magic tournaments here because of
the the laws the gambling laws and stuff
but I knew everyone in the Seattle magic
community I the Mocs boarding house was
like the best place in the entire
universe to play magic I fucking love it
so much and I'm sad that I don't get to
go to these places anymore and see these
people anymore and I feel apprehensive
to start playing magic even though like
one of the friends I have down here is
actually a pro magic player and his wife
also plays it's the reason I came down
here for for a wedding a while back when
I was house hunting I it's so weird I
don't all of the magic shops are far
away they're smaller they're no mocs
boarding house and it just feels like
the community is smaller here less
competitive and even though I want to
get back into it I feel dejected a
little bit that I'm not in Seattle doing
it you know like I always I'm gonna
cherish the moments that I had playing
magic in Seattle when it was raining
underneath the Space Needle you go
outside in between rounds and there's
the Space Needle right there at the
Seattle Center and
gonna miss that shit and I'm gonna miss
the evergreen trees there are trees here
there are a few trees look I have a I
have a bush I have a bush it's wonderful
I have palm trees in my front yard and
shit my tits are being covered up too
much come on we all know why we're here
I could just make the video like this
like no I actually like my face as much
as I like my tits believe it or not I
like it here
but I miss the evergreen trees I miss
the freshness it's fresh at night
sometimes here and I was really worried
that it would never be fresh here but um
it when it gets a little bit colder at
night it's fresh it's nice I like it
it's cool so yeah I don't know it's not
that bad
it's actually pretty good I'm happy I'm
happy being here I know there's a lot
that I'm missing and a lot that I'm
probably forgetting but for some reason
I feel really awkward holding Vlad's
little penis stick while I talk to you
guys I'm trying to keep my tits in my
head and frame like I can keep just my
head and frame but then that seems weird
I don't know I can't oh go like that oh
I'm just sitting in the this is the if
you watched my fucking favorites this is
the place that I told you about in the
front it's like a it's like really not
deep and then there's like a drop off
from here and yeah I'm completely
ruining this selfie stick that is meant
to be bluetooth and take pictures for
you but I don't use that feature anyway
because I just use this with Vlad I use
the pool when I started out living here
I use the pool every single day now I'm
using it at least 3 times a week or
something I love the pool I love it I
thought I would hate it cuz it's like a
not Olympic sized pool but it looks so
much fun to swim back and forth I have
like a let me show you I like a
basketball hoop I don't know if you can
see it like it's like a mini water
basketball hoop the Jay and I play with
I have tons of duckies and I don't know
shit's good life's good I'm glad we had
this talk it's getting a little bit
long-winded and retarded so yeah here's
my boobs here's and maybe ups here's my
happy face oh yeah I don't know what
it's like I'm doing a flogger I feel
like I just started vlogging and I don't
know who Tara is it's weird when any
kind of filming becomes awkward to me
like if I'm very aware that I'm staring
into a camera or I'm very aware that I'm
holding is
a dick stick I feel like I've my train
of thought like I wouldn't want to do
any philosophical content out here where
I'm supposed to be remembering my
narrative and things like that I I love
how much progress I'm making in fitness
as well I'm more motivated because the
gym like I have to make tell you guys a
story about the the feminist gym
bullshit there's this place called L vac
here I'm not gonna tell you now but
there's this place called L vac it's a
Las Vegas Athletic Club and it's like
the big big chain here but there's only
like 10 or 15 and it's only in Vegas I
think and they have an indoor track
they're like huge to Olympic pools it's
like the hugest gym but oh my god I
could not become a member there we
became a member somewhere else because
oh fucking awful literally the fucking
worse please kill me I'll tell you the
story next time if you guys want to hear
it like the video thank you so much for
watching I appreciate it Blatt is
getting really hot like he always is
thanks for watching guys I'll see you in
the next video
