so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want
welcome to this week's episode of Friday
night mail the show where I give back to
you guys in the smallest way possible
with a $25.00 Amazon gift card answering
your questions and thanking you so much
for sending me shits
let's move this closer so I look better
but alright it's in the shot a little
bit but we'll edit it out I don't want
to give any OCD people I'm looking at
you to new guy some flare ups because
you know I've got part of my ring light
in the bottom corners anyway guys I'm
really excited today because we have a
lot of really cool questions and I
haven't filmed anything for two days and
I've been missing it even though I have
enjoyed being really really addicted to
dead cells on the couch I take one day
off to spend time on the couch first
time here in Vegas and it turns into
three days of binging anyway the winner
of this week's giveaway is my good
friend and fellow content creator OB of
fine tune gaming my voice cracked
because I love him if you guys want to
check him out his links will be in the
description also congratulations OB as
always it's wonderful to see a familiar
face winning the giveaway all right
let's go ahead and answer these
questions cuz we got a few more than
usual also if you noticed this thing on
my arm I was curling my hair and I burnt
the shit out of my arm and didn't even
like hurts mainly because I have a high
tolerance to pain and burning but oh my
god it looks so gnarly it's awful I keep
putting Neosporin on it like praying to
the all-father Odin of course that I
don't get a scar but I think I'm gonna
get a scar question one is from Samuel
Warren's he says question what are your
thoughts on people spending hundreds of
pounds slash dollars on paid porn even
though there are still free available
options with love Sam from England in
parentheses your accent is terrible I am
well aware and I take that without any
offense so my opinion is this if I
really love an industry and I really
love the things that the people are
creating within that industry like music
movies video games TV shows then I
prefer to pay for it not only am I
getting the packaging if there is
packaging and the most high quality
version with customer support with
everything intact a hundred-percent
guarantee basically but I'm also
supporting the people who create that
content and supporting the
generation of that content that being
said I do watch pirated porn I spent a
little time on porn that I can't justify
paying for it although I have flirted
with the idea of getting like a browser
subscription or something
because it is better quality you are
gonna get the full thing you're not
gonna have to keep searching around for
the best quality something that will
work something that's HD it's just all
right there and I can totally understand
that preference especially if someone
spends a lot more time on porn than I do
that being said if I had like a favorite
porn star or a girl that I really adored
and wanted to keep making porn
I would definitely sign up to her
specific website I think pay for porn is
great if you have the money if you have
the means and if you spend enough time
on it I personally love the fact is
there's things like Spotify because I
preferred to have a way to support the
artists and I love and I would always
buy their CDs and as for games I would
never pirate that since I was a little
kid I'm sorry PS 1 & 2 game developers
anyway as someone who makes content and
doesn't get directly paid a salary I can
totally understand how someone pirating
your shit or sharing your shit illegally
can impact you and even before that was
the case for me I still prefer to buy
things moving on thank you for the
question by the way Dave Sinclair says
one more question if he was turned human
would you fuck her okay so this might be
a little bit weird to most people who
see their pets as their babies I love my
pet just as much as I would love a human
baby well wait way more let me edit that
I love Eve as much as normal people love
their human babies but I see her more as
like a best friend maybe it's just
because I lack the maternal instinct I
definitely want to take care of her but
I take care of Jay too and I don't see
him as my son that would be fucking
creepy so seeing her is my best friend
and if she turned into a human who was
of age like 18 plus instead of what
would it be in cat years less than 7
years old less than 9 years old I forget
then yeah I would probably experiment
with her most of my female friends I've
had sent my lesbian encounters with it
would be fun to have a best girlfriend
in the house that I could have
threesomes with and I say that in the
least awkward and creepy way possible
all right next question is from someone
with weird Cyrillic sin their name
doesn't even look like Cyrillic so it
just looks like a sideways L upside down
backwards E and a bunch of bubbles in
the vase and as more bubbles in an
upside down looking like hilt of a sword
and then since where is another vase he
says would you make a fleshlight if you
could abso-fucking-lutely that would be
so much fun I would love to like sell my
not-real of vagina to other
people if I can make like a
hyper-realistic completely molded from
inside and out flashlights I would
totally do that and sell that and the
last question is from Arman Kastner the
adorable he says question let me do that
better question what advice would you
give for beginners who want to get into
fitness and a healthy lifestyle and want
to lose some weight I'm 17 and I'm not
overweight but I'm not as thin as I
would like to be my arms are stick-thin
I'm looking for beginner workouts
exercises how to build muscle as my dad
has some weights and stuff like that I'm
very confused with sets and repetitions
as I would not know what number is okay
for me any help would be appreciated
babe I'll post this one every F&M until
I get what I want
evil face gods okay okay I don't have to
manhandle me mr. underaged boy basically
most people especially if they don't
want to delve too deep into it they just
do three sets of an amount of reps that
they can do to failure so pick up like a
20 pound weight on each side and see if
you can do three sets of eight to twelve
reps if you can only do six you're at a
good weight weight until you can do
eight or more then up the weight take
like a minute break in between each sets
there's no real perfect way to do this
even like bodybuilders and fitness
models and people who make this their
living they all have differing ways of
doing it you just have to find out what
feels best for your body and just kind
of play with it a little bit it doesn't
really matter too much as long as you're
going to failure now failure is when you
can't lift anymore and you just get
stuck in the middle of a rep and you're
like and that means you have worked out
your muscles successfully I feel like
this is more something you should ask
Jay about because even though I did do a
lot of personal training certification
stuff when I thought that was what I
wanted to do and even though I have
changed my body drastically back and
forth many times over the years I've
never really felt like you had to do
anything specific just don't do the
stupid shit that you see Instagram
models doing where they're like standing
on an exercise ball with one leg and
stretching out and like doing some weird
balancing shit whether also doing
workouts you don't need to make it that
complicated just like straight up you
got regular curls you got hammer curls
make sure you're doing biceps and
triceps opposing muscles don't skip leg
day if you want to look up basic
exercises just look up basic exercises
on the Internet's for whatever body part
you want and don't neglect body parts do
your chest do your back and do your
tries to your buys do your delts quads
hams calves glutes and try things until
you find out what feels best as for
losing weight it's all about a caloric
deficit unless you have some kind of
problems health-wise even if you hit a
plateau it's basically all just about
having that calorie deficit within your
day so that means going online to a
calorie calculator or doing your macros
as they call it typing in your weight
height and age how sedentary you are if
you're very active during the day or if
you just sit around all day and I'm
calculating how many calories you need
in a day at first you want to start
counting how many calories you take in
just to kind of get an idea of how many
calories certain things are and once you
have an idea of how many calories things
are you don't even really have to count
anymore just expend more calories than
you take in whether that's through
working out extra or just not eating as
much well I love you good luck if you
have any specific questions hit me up
alright let's get into opening packages
on here
on this side we've got the smaller stuff
I'm also gonna have to get a box cutter
be right back okay Shawn what did you do
oh my god Jay is gonna freak out and be
so fucking jealous underworld the
ultimate collection
holy fuck includes all five films okay
so we haven't watched the newest one and
I've been like pushing for us to do it
because I know it's Jay's favorite movie
series of all time but we just haven't
gotten around to it now I get to
actually watch it without paying for it
this is this is fucking great dude my
favorite one honestly is actually the
prequel even though it doesn't have Kate
Beckinsale in it
the prequel is just so good and I don't
even particularly love the actress thank
you so much Sean this is literally
something I would've bought myself so
you're perfect you're like the perfect
gift giver Wow you were wonderful I love
you baby thank you so much what is this
oh my god no way it's a tank top that
says blow me and it's just like my
fucking poster that I have where it's a
cartridge that says blow me and it's hot
pink - who the hell got this for me this
is amazing thank you so much we have to
put this on right now so fucking good
thank you so much holy shit ow
oh my god oh my god yes I love it
thank you oh this is a bullet bill it's
a belt buckle a bullet bill belt buckle
bullet bill belt buckles try to say that
25 times fast now I just need like a
belt an on leather belt to go with this
cuz this is fucking awesome it's like
super reflective - this makes me want to
find all of my belts and
wearing belts more often guys let's
simulate it I love it thank you so much
I seriously appreciate it thank you
please let me know which one of you
awesome fucking people got these things
for me something from Lime Crime oh shit
the box is so pretty
thanks doll get $10 off your next order
whoa cool we've got oh shit dude oh this
is crazy it's like a metallic shade but
let's watch it I'm not good at swatching
that is a fucking pretty metallic red
holy shit I love it oh my god it smells
like chocolate or something
I love getting makeup you guys are
amazing my girl Lady of Alexis who
streams on Twitch you guys should check
her out she told me about this from
sugarpill where you rub your shit
together your of your mouth together and
it gets all shiny it's fucking awesome
oh my god so what's inside the blue tint
oh my god three other little shades it's
like a little starter pack like the
whole collection you know kind of want
to cover up my burn with these swatches
let's swatch them let's watch them okay
so we've got beet it's right there I'm
shit at this I did I did a whole video
doing a whole collection of makeup geek
lip glosses and I just haven't edited it
because I don't think anyone will be
interested alright we've got this this
is uh Cindy it's really wet it's like
glassy and wet and then last but not
least this is a metallic shade come out
bitch come out with your dicks up dude
how do I get this out this is the
metallic pink the metallic pink is so
cute I don't know if you guys can see
these look thank you so much for over
said this for me unicorn makeup lime
crime yes I have no lime crime products
so I'm actually very excited about this
and now I feel like I'm just gonna wipe
this off so it doesn't get in my hair
now you can see how it looks when it
wipes off oh yeah this one's really
forever thank you so much ah yeah okay
hi Tara
cooking strand slash video wall from
Josie dick cookie cutters in three
different sizes and a giant dick
cooking tray for a cake I can make a
dick cake I think it's time that I
started doing cooking videos show tits
more God why am I not showing tits tell
me in the comments if you would eat my
dick cake would it emasculate you or I
guess gay you too much to eat a cake
that is shaped like a dick I am NOT
fucking worthy also thank you so much
Joe these are gonna be fun
you're right I'm gonna bake cookies and
cake it's gonna be wonderful have J
discipline you with this on camera
because you've been a naughty girl love
Donald's just like a grandma a spanker
if that exists I don't know it's got it
there's got to be something more to it
than just being like a sexy ass spanking
or what the fuck is going on I hate
these things oh my god it's a wooden why
does this even exist what's this for ah
like that would hurt ha ha I can't do it
Donald you can't make me do it this is
to help you deal with your little cat
infestation make sure you swing it hard
love Donald oh man Donald what have you
done this time you got me a hat
murdering tool oh it's a legit mallet
it's like a heavy mallet to I could
murder Eve with my bare hands like just
like just like a little you know what
I'm saying like I do not need this in
fact I feel like this is heavy enough
and loud enough that if I tried to swing
it at her she would just be like what
the fuck and then run away I'll use that
for the other kitties when Eve starts
dating oh man no we gonna spay that
bitch we don't spay her in fact her
appointment is three weeks from now and
I'm absolutely freaking out absolutely I
do not want to do it if it didn't lower
her chances of getting things like
breast cancer I would totally wait or
like not even get her spayed or like
maybe wait until sorry or like maybe
wait until she's had her first litter
and then keep all the kittens oh my god
that'd be so amazing I would be like a
crazy cat lady hi Tara I thought you
could use this when Jay isn't around not
in the mood or it's that time of the
month think of me when you're using this
very sexually yours Lucas Taylor PS have
Jay set up and turn on so we can see
what is this this is like a sybian all
right we've got it we've got a box
inside of a bag we're gonna
what is it Donald and by the way Lucas
Taylor is totally Donald he just likes
to send me two gifts and not act like
he's too needy what is this oh my god
fuck it's like a one of those things oh
my god how expensive was this okay so
it's like one of those things and it
actually has a whole like um like one of
those audio cables you would use for
like a microphone or fucking music
playing and shit this is going in the
thumbnail for sure because I never got
enough of this fucking retarded let's do
it okay just to give you a perspective
this is what this thing looks like what
okay
okay this is max oh my god what is this
oh this is the most hilarious thing
anyone has ever gotten me ransom oh I
can't I can't give me the plastic Oh
what is this saran wrap on my dildo dude
I am lost for words this is now my
favorite sex toy of all time I can't
even believe that this exists that I
have this apparatus like what the fuck
what the actual fuck it looks makeshift
too doesn't it look like something that
like someone made for their senior
project or something and like couldn't
show off because it was too lewd like
what took fuck is this I can't quality
entertainment people it jiggles it has
suction cups yeah fucking right oh my
god it's so sensual the sensual speed
right here I could look at this all day
let's introduce Eve to it hold on I'll
be right back come here you have to
spank me with this paddle it's important
you're in a game
ow it's okay you want to be afraid of it
are you like it
she's so freaked out
all right guys thank you for watching
like the video and subscribe if you
enjoyed
I'll see you in the next of them don't
forget to sign up for this week's
giveaway which will be linked in the
description and ask me questions for
next week 7m thank you so much guys
everyone who sent me anything Joe and
Shawn you guys are fucking awesome
and of course Donald for being just
fucking so random and Lucas Taylor the
non Donald I got dicks in the I see bye
there you go
you
