please say the suck off of my men I like
my men to be men
I could be the sluttiest hooker with
like 14 dicks in my mouth every single
day but if I have a good idea that's
backed up by fact should not matter
feminists do not agree with that
statement
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to new video today I'm going to
be telling you exactly why I personally
am NOT a feminist people have been
asking me to do this video for quite a
while both on the feminist side and the
non feminist side just because they like
to hear my semi political rants I have
made a few rants against feminism
specifically feminism and video games
etc and I know this topic has been done
to death so what I'm going to do is
instead of focusing on every single
aspect of what's wrong with feminism
which is what I initially started to do
and I was writing a very long list I'm
going to talk about the main reasons
that come to mind for me personally as
to why I would never call myself or
label myself a feminist I also as to I
don't support the modern feminist agenda
so before we get into this a little bit
of a disclaimer anything that I say
where I say they do this and they do
that
I'm simply only generalizing I'm not
saying that every single person who
identifies as a feminist is like this
I know there are well-intentioned
feminists out there one of the reasons I
don't like feminism is because how
idealistic they are but the thing about
idealist is that there are a bunch of
well-intentioned people within them who
are just either ignorant to the facts or
the application of their idealism or
maybe they just have very different
ideas of what the world should be than I
do
on the other hand there are people like
christina hoff sommers who are old
school feminists back when feminism
actually had a good purpose and they
just don't want to let go of the label
because it means something to them I get
that okay so we get it just because I'm
not a feminist doesn't mean that I'm
belittling and berating every single
individual feminist I hate and like
people on their individual merits not on
what labels they identify with unlike a
lot of feminists so the first big issue
I have with feminism is that they seem
to appeal only to emotions rather than
to logic and rational thoughts instead
of having facts that are backed up by
actual statistical evidence they'll
often harp on specific anecdotal
evidence which as we all know is not
actual evidence or they'll gain
followers just by appealing to their
listeners in motion sometimes bad should
happen sometimes things will make you
sad but acting upon those emotions is
not always the best course of action in
fact it's most often
the best course of action and oftentimes
their emotional spots can manifest into
actual physical violence and you see a
lot of this in feminism and social
justice where people get offended they
get butthurt or they think that they
have some kind of righteous motivation
to actually physically assault someone
just for their views or ideals that is
not okay with me
I don't think it's ever okay to
discourage someone's speech with
violence
firstly because that's not an equal
response it's actually an overreaction
secondly that might deter people from
actually speaking the truth because they
might be afraid to do so I just think
it's very important to never take steps
to censor people and we'll get to that
later saying on the topics of feminists
being more emotional than rational this
often manifests from them being
idealists and as I said in the beginning
I do not like idealism if all you are is
an idealist and not a realist at the
same time you get people with good
intentioned ideas that when implemented
absolutely destroy the world
things like communism feminists also
employ not well thought out straw men
for their arguments it just seems like a
lot of their arguments are very surface
based and they don't actually think
about the implications of implementing a
lot of these things that they proposed
for instance they'll often use buzzwords
and say certain things that make you
look or feel like a bad person if you're
not a feminist you're not for the
Equality of the sexes if you're not a
feminist you're in support of rape
because feminism is all about stopping
rape most of us are not feminists
believe in this unless you know you're
just an asshole or something but we
actually live deeper than these words to
see how these things are being
implemented and we're not okay with
changing the world in this way it's
employing things like affirmative action
oppressing males and making them feel
lesser in order to empower female
censorship socialist ideas if you're not
a feminist
you're a piece of shit perhaps feminists
everyone who doesn't agree with you
isn't an asshole or a misogynist maybe
they just see the world differently than
you have different perspectives and find
it important to keep their freedom of
speech and freedom of expression intact
yes we agree that the gender should be
equal no we do not agree with your
methods of getting there often a
feminist strongest argument or at least
strongest to them is demonizing someone
are attacking their morals because if
they don't believe X they must be why
you don't believe in feminism you must
be a fucking rapist monster that's not
how it works
things have nuance that is another thing
I take issue with they are terrible at
debating it's basically like you don't
agree with me
I'm going to attack your character if
that doesn't work I'm just going to
completely ignore you stay away from
conversation with you shut you down or
trying to censor you altogether all you
have to attack people with is a bunch of
vitriol about the way that they look act
or sound or something totally unrelated
to their arguments you don't actually
have an argument to begin with I could
be the sluttiest hooker with like 14
dicks in my mouth every single day but
if I have a good idea that's backed up
by fact it should not matter feminists
do not agree with that statement another
facet of this is that I believe that
feminism is no longer necessary in the
West there have been more than I can
count videos asking feminists for one
substantial objective and quantifiable
way that men have it better than women
as for the laws rules and regulations of
the country yes there are still going to
be dude who think of women as nothing
more than sex objects yes there are
still going to be companies that quietly
hire a man over a woman and yeah there
will still be guys who rape women there
will still be guys who talk down to
women but it seems like feminists only
see things from their glasses they can
only see things from their perspective
they don't see that men have to deal
with people talking down to them all the
time as well they don't see on the flip
side but all of this affirmative action
toward women is doing to men and all of
the ways that men don't have it easy in
society everyone's perception of the
world in every one situation varies
greatly there are men who have it easier
than certain women and certain women
webbot easier than certain men and now
that we have an equilibrium evolved the
legality between men and women's rights
now they're going for something that's
completely unattainable without adopting
some kind of terrible fascist rule which
is equality of outcome rather than
equality of opportunity women have all
the same rights as men and in some
places women have more rights than men
for instance custody battles and shit
like that and I'm not going to get into
whether or not I think that's correct or
just all I want to point out is that
factually women have the same rights as
men in the West so there's no real solid
easy way to control everyone having the
exact same quality of the outcome for
their lives some people are rich some
people are poor some people are
good-looking some people are ugly some
people are tall some people are short
that is just the fact of life life is
not fair our justice system our laws are
all there to do their best for you
everything else is in your hands or up
to chance and you just can't change it
and this idea that you should be in
control of your own future is something
that feminists do not like to hear okay
so we all have equal laws
and most feminists have to kind of agree
with that fact because it's objective so
what are they complaining about in the
West well they're complaining about
things that are purely based on their
subjective morality or their subjective
preferences like someone's cat calling
me I'm in the business of denying
biology and thinking that we're not as
sexually dimorphic species and a bunch
of other bullshit that can totally be
perceived as way worse than it is
when you're living in an echo chamber of
people telling you that you live in a
rape culture and anything that everyone
does is some kind of quiet micro
aggression of misogyny it's basically
just fucking paranoia it tells people
that they need to be handed things in
life rather than working on themselves
if they're sad about something or if
someone doesn't like something that they
do they shouldn't improve upon it to
better themselves and one of the biggest
issues I have with this is the
infantilization of adults I have worked
my entire YouTube career to make people
feel happy with themselves to let people
know that it's okay to be different it's
okay to express yourself the way that
you want to and improve upon yourself
whether it's aesthetically or
intellectually in a direction that you
choose either to be yourself always in
the face of adversity and to not care
what other people think the feminist
agenda on the other hand has to put
people in safe spaces wants to favor
feelings over the truth and wants to
basically regress back to people not
even being able to handle the real world
I on the other hand think that we should
prepare people for the real world but
not everyone is going to be nice to them
and how to handle this and make stronger
and more educated people overall rather
than just sheltering them feminists
think they should coddle and treat
adults like children a speaker that we
don't agree with is coming to the
University he or she is smarter than we
are and we have no common sense logic
problem-solving skills in our repertoire
to make sure that we don't get easily
offended and can have an actual
objective conversation so we're just
going to scream and chant louder until
he shuts up or we can attack him with
our fists to ensure he'll never come
back as a libertarian I'm not okay with
people taking away other people's rights
just so that someone else doesn't get
offended or hurt or sad for a little bit
and as a moral nihilist
I don't think that we should ever base a
movement or a movements actions
especially when it's infringing on our
Constitution and our rights and freedom
of speech just for someone's very
subjective morals another reason I'm not
a feminist is because I'm not a fucking
victim when I see others who are better
off than me I don't degress into this
jealous bubble of hatred I instead pay
for them into
operation and tip when I'm unhappy I
don't prefer to bring people down to my
unhappiness level just to stay
perpetually negative there are going to
be a few bad apples in the world people
who will rape people who will murder and
people who will just be generally mean
to other people and I take steps to
protect myself from that and to better
prepare myself for that instead of being
a perpetual victim I prefer to arm
myself with self-esteem fact and if I
feel like I'm going into a dangerous
place weapons no one else me anything
society doesn't owe me anything and if I
make a mistake I fucking own up to it I
don't blame everyone else for everything
that I do wrong it's my responsibility
to take care of my mental health no one
else's especially when the things that
trigger me are so subjective and I am
fully aware the complaining is a largely
inferior method to just changing things
you want to be changed the only thing
that anyone owes me is kisses I got lip
gloss on her face she's purring but she
hates me the idea that society lives in
a rape culture and the people who do
rape were never told that it's not okay
to rape is absolutely ridiculous society
as a whole knows that it's not okay to
rape rapists know that it's not okay to
rape they were either going to be bad
apples anyway or there's something
mentally unstable about them so what's
the better course of action the more
logical course of action prepare
yourself
looking at things rationally and
logically is not a strong suit of
feminist and if it were 90% of the
problems that they proposed our still
persistent in Western culture would no
longer be there to their perception he
was back there I'm just going to try to
ignore her they assume that people don't
like catcalling Eve loves catcalling
watch if my cat might be a feminist
the victimhood is one of the most
disgusting parts in my opinion of
feminism fucking man up guys seriously
another thing I can't stand about
feminism is people parroting statistics
without the context of those statistics
and perpetuating false facts there's no
way that all these feminists don't know
by now the reason why there is a wage
gap or pink tax at this point it's got
to be no longer ignorant and more just
willfully lying to the public in order
to further their agenda I hate the
feminism indoctrinates people with
buzzwords and nicely sounding fall
statistics that further their agenda one
thing I hate about statistics is that
there's so much nuance that goes into
them people will find a correlation and
immediately assume causation without
looking into it
without looking at even who did the
research and without looking into actual
factual causes as to why that might be
the case they just take it run with it
and it's absolutely the most
intellectually dishonest thing another
reason that I'm not a feminist is
because while there is a group of
feminists who are sex positive feminists
most feminists turn on me most feminist
do not like me even before they hear of
whether or not I'm a feminist simply
because my lifestyle and my set of
morals and beliefs or lack thereof they
don't agree with there's a ton of them
not being able to get their narrative
straight or what they want to do with
the movement straight it's basically
just like a place for each woman who
feel victimized and wronged in some way
some very personal subjective and
perspective based way and then trying to
change the world in the direction their
personal preferences so yeah there's a
lot of infighting there's a lot of
disowning women and going against women
blatantly against their cause I mean
after all I'm a woman too when you're
fighting for women's rights not feminist
women's rights right at large it is a
very hypocritical movement and that's
another thing I can't stand about it and
the biggest one and certian one of the
most important things in the world to me
is freedom of speech I will always fight
and speak out against censorship at any
age for any reason of any content
content that agrees with me content and
very much does not agree with me because
I believe in furthering and gaining
knowledge I'm stuck in an echo chamber
and I don't hear what the other side
says and what the other side's views are
I will never better my own argument or
be able to see whether or not I fully
believe in my argument the more
knowledge I gain the more information I
have from all different sides the
stronger and more confident I am about
my own position that's why I believe
that freedom of speech freedom to state
facts and freedom to express is far more
important than anyone's feelings when
you hear things like why is it bad to
not hurt a person's feelings do an
idealist that sounds good but when doing
so is the implementation of silencing
certain groups or certain people for
taking away someone else's right that is
absolutely not okay to me and I can't
imagine it being okay to anyone else
with any rational mindset because you
know what today it might be people who
aren't feminists who aren't leftist
tomorrow it could be you who silenced by
silencing someone else you're saying
that it's okay for the tide to turn and
for you to be silent and that will never
be okay to me
so while I don't agree with feminists
and I'm not a feminist and I am poor
when people call me a feminist simply on
the
grounds that I believe in egalitarian
principles I am so glad that you guys
have the ability to speak not only
because it makes great YouTube content
of the feminist cringefest but because
allowing you to speak only strengthens
my arguments my beliefs and my passion
for discussion
unlike feminists I don't want to sit and
have my beliefs parroted back to me I
want my shit to be challenged I want to
gain knowledge and I want a better my
argument and that's why my comments
section is always open the freedom to
offend is the freedom to express is the
freedom of speech and on top of that
that censorship would take away a lot of
the porn a lot of the videogame and a
lot of the art that I love so much you
don't like it just don't watch if you
don't agree with it tell me why I can be
strong and still be a woman and still
admit that I'm going to be weaker than
the average man and I don't deny biology
I don't get triggered by fact all right
guys it's been a really long time this
is gonna be a really long video but
those are some of the main reasons why I
am NOT a feminist and why I don't agree
at all with the feminist ideologies a
lot of people are going to say things
like well Tara these are only the
radical feminists these are only the
mainstream feminist real feminism is not
like that you know the real Scotsman
fallacy well in response to that when a
movement or when a label such as
feminism becomes so toxic so widespread
li- and where these radical feminists
are lauded by prominent feminists in the
community at that point it's time to
shed that label and this is where I
disagree with christina hoff sommers who
thinks that the label can be saved I
think the whole movement needs a
complete new foundation from the ground
up instead of focusing on Western first
world problems or perceived problems
find a safe and fair way to help actual
struggling countries that already have
their own feminist movements and I do
not condone pushing Western values on
other civilizations but working toward
something that can better the lives of
women who actually do have issues that I
can get behind and that's why I think a
gala terian is a better word hi guys as
we enjoyed this video like the video and
subscribe if you enjoyed if you want to
see more stuff like this I do have one
more idea for an anti-feminist video
that's going to be more jokey thank you
for watching and I'll see you in the
next video what oh my god and one thing
I forgot the concept of toxic
masculinity that is a reason I am NOT
okay with feminists there is anything in
this world that I adore it is toxic
masculinity please stay the fuck
my men I like my men to be men I indulge
in masculinity as feminine as I am and I
appreciate everything about a man's
masculinity everything but don't listen
to me don't listen to anyone else think
for yourself
unlike feminists I'm not going to try
trick you or goad you into thinking the
way that I do just because I believe
it's right do research have an open mind
listen to the opposing side and
formulate a well-researched opinion be
yourself do what you want in the end
that's all that matters
all right I'm done now for real
