does it work don't I look like a sex
doll oh yeah so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to a new
episode of Friday night mail the weekly
show where I say how much I fuckin
appreciate you guys open your mail
answer your questions and give some shit
away which happens to be a measly $25
Amazon gift card at the moment we also
announced last week's winner of the
giveaway his name is a NIC M a familiar
face congratulations Nick M you're a
fuckin badass I hope you buy something
super useful with your gift card if you
guys want to sign up for this week's
giveaway link as always is in the
description I today decided to go fold
Barbie sex doll because I just haven't
done it in a while it's like one of my
favorite looks does it work
don't I look like a sex doll anyway
since I have only two things to open
today this box and this envelope which
totally could be spam or something I
started to take more of you guys's
questions so I took about six or seven
we're going to answer them right here
today and have a little fun chatting
also I'm wearing a fucking onesie so we
can show that off at the end of the
video question number one is from Tao 68
question just how good does a good fuck
fuck if a good fuck does fuck good
love Eddy's or - Eddie I always put - as
love well I think the value of how good
a good fuck from fuck is - did fuck good
is 42 out of what number you asked no
idea
all of them turn the sideways these
letters are small next question is from
Elijah Plummer question can we see you
without makeup yes you can see me
without makeup almost every day on my
Instagram story I also post a random
Instagram post I posted something
yesterday because it was a national
black Appreciation Day for Eve and it
was a picture of me and Eve and I had no
makeup on also back when fanservice
Friday was on YouTube and not patreon I
did do a fanservice Friday with no
makeup it was like a lip tease and I'm
pretty much very open to not having
makeup on but I strongly prefer to be
glammed up all the time I do it even why
I don't have anything to film or do in
the day it's just fun and I feel like it
speaks to Who I am on the inside more
second part of your question what advice
you have for transgenders male-to-female
since you're a girl and get Jay to give
tips for female to male
I feel like the only tips to
transgenders need might be from other
transgenders I'm a person is not really
into identity politics I feel like every
single person of every specified gender
has a very different experience very
different personality and you shouldn't
rely so heavily on your gender to
explain who you are as an individual so
if you're asking for just general girl
tips for someone who hasn't been a girl
or isn't good at being a girl isn't that
kind of saying that a male-to-female
transgender doesn't already feel like a
girl these people are willing to go
through crazy surgeries in order to
reassign their entire body to look more
like the other gender the other sex I
think they know in their head well
enough what it's like to be a girl
because they already feel like a girl as
for Jai's advice - what is your advice
for female to male transgender 'he's
next question is from super saiyan
batman what is your stance with all this
gender bullshit lately I want to hear
your opinion knowing you are a feminist
I am not against feminism I just don't
like all the gender bs by the way I
identify as a tri binary like a coffin
toaster mango so respect me and I
replied with I'm not a feminist actually
on Sunday in two days from now my video
entitled why I'm not a feminist goes
live on this channel so look out for
that but yeah all this gender bullshit
is bullshit to me as well I have very
strong conflicting opinions because
personally I think your gender identity
doesn't really matter it's just kind of
a thing you put down on a piece of paper
based on your biological sex and it's
mostly just so people can identify you
if you're going through the airport or
so doctors can treat you accordingly
other than that doesn't really fucking
matter to me I could wake up tomorrow
and be a boy and I would start my
journey on being a roided-out
bodybuilder because that's my male ideal
I would have the same interests the same
likes and dislikes I would probably put
on makeup from time to time my point
being my gender doesn't really change
who I am so it's kind of crazy to try to
put myself in the shoes of someone who
cares about labels cares about their
gender or possibly has gender dysmorphia
on the flip side if someone wants to be
called a zero or some weird gender some
third fourth fifth 65th to gender I'm
probably not going to go along with that
illusion you are free to call yourself
whatever you want and within your circle
you are free to ask them to do so but
I'm also free to not comply with that
and therefore we probably wouldn't be
varied
friends I prefer facts in science I mean
I sometimes identify with my cat more
than I do with other people but I'm not
catkin moving on
I think we've sufficiently offended a
bunch of sjw's today all in good fun all
in a day's work
Parag serve says question so if you
answer this on camera it means I'm
getting my first ever tattoo done the
same day oh I'm so excited about this my
question is have you ever thought about
getting more tattoos and if so what kind
and where on your body thanks in advance
love you love you too and you have to
post pictures on Twitter or tag me on
instagram if you get your tattoo done I
want to see it anyway I kind of want to
get a lot of different tattoos I want to
get one on my wrist or maybe on my
fingers I'm not sure I want to get a set
a health hurts on my wrist but instead
of like the Zelda type I want to get the
binding of issac type where there's like
the soul hearts and the black heart in
that kind of art style because I love
binding of issac so much and then at
some point maybe I'll get like a custom
Maggie's flash Tara Babcock little
binding of issac dude I don't know I
actually made a video recently entitled
tattoos I want to get soon or something
like that and I'll post that in the
description if you want to watch it it
goes into more detail but there are a
bunch of things I want to get and now
I'll probably add to the list something
for Eve it would be pretty cool to get
like a scratch tattoo
you know scratch from Dragonball Z or
like Gigi from Kiki's Delivery Service
and then put Eve name over it good luck
on your tattoo next question squizzle 'i
have another question and he's following
up about his last question here's what
he said last time question this is kind
of sad but my friend recently got raped
I know where the rapist lives so me and
my friends devised a plan to scare the
fuck out of him or may even beat him
what are your opinions on that this time
he says question this goes with the
question I had about the rape thing the
thing is he is 16 in court isn't going
to do anything until he is 18 but my
friend is lesbian so she in no way would
fuck a man anyway the court is just
going to be put on parole that's it in
my opinion that's fucked what do you
think okay so the harsh reality is that
even though we have a justice system
that's meant to protect people and to
deal out justice it's sometimes not
always provable and sometimes you don't
get the outcome that you desire that
does not give you the right to go all
anarchists or vigilante and take the
matters into your own hands because
there's a high chance that the court is
going to prosecute you to the fullest
extent and then it's just not fair that
you had to go to jail
just because you wanted a different
resolution for the case I would
recommend to staying out of it giving
her support as a friend letting her know
maybe what you want to do to the guy but
if she's your friend she's not going to
want you to go through that she's not
going to want you to put a jail for
something that you do to this guy
sometimes reality sucks twiddly again
has another question he says question do
you feel like you're being forced to
flaunt yourself or do you not care
because most girls are super shy and
self-conscious I think that as a whole
girls experience sexuality a lot
different than men do but for me I don't
really some girls will flaunt themselves
because they feel like they have to or
because they feel like it makes them
more worth something like to have some
kind of prior trauma whereas others just
work really hard for their bodies and
like to show it off because it makes
them feel sexy powerful it's fun I
worked really hard on my body my
aesthetic I have a specific look that I
like to go for and for me showing it off
is just fun I'm a very sexual person I
always have been since I was like eight
or nine years old
puberty just can't be like a ton of
fucking bricks it's fun for me and it's
a way for me to keep track of my
progress and you guys seem to like it so
I don't see any harm in it as a moral
nihilist I don't have anything against
it or anyone who does it for any reason
but no I definitely don't feel forced to
do anything if I feel forced to do
something I lose my passion to do it and
I just don't do it I don't think I'd
ever be able to be in a job where I was
forced to do something I absolutely hate
and the last question we have for the
week whoa is from verilux blazer he says
or she Tara what's your opinion on
underage sex I don't know what to do and
I'm not a teen this is a completely
personal choice never listen to anyone
else telling you that you should or
shouldn't but my assumption would be
that if you don't know what you want to
do you probably shouldn't just go for it
when I had sex for the first time I was
underage as well but I was completely
ready it's something I really wanted and
it's something that I researched and I
knew how to do it safely if you do
happen to do it make sure that you have
safe sex even if he doesn't want to or
she I forget which gender you are I
don't even know are you binary
non-binary gay genderqueer gay queer
gender I don't fucking know your partner
make sure that they know your boundaries
make sure that they respect you and make
sure that you're a hundred percent ready
I can never tell you that you should be
having sex by sixteen some people aren't
ready well into their 20s if you find it
to be something you should only do with
a special person or if you want to wait
until you're married fucking do it it's
never something I would do obviously but
I believe in personal liberty and doing
what you want
all right that's it for the questions
this week let's go ahead and open this
thing because I don't know what the fuck
it is I feel like I'm opening my
standard mail with you guys like hey
guys I got a bill from the vagina
industry oh my god it's a card with my
face on okay how do I head okay
am i doing it I don't know I'm doing it
oh my god
and on the backs of funky pigeon calm
there's another picture of me oh my god
it's from Sarah okay dear Tara my name
is Sarah and I'm 19 years old from
London UK I wanted to send you this card
to thank you for your content the hard
work in detail you put into all your
videos doesn't go unnoticed or under
appreciated I'm a massive fan of your
channel honestly this is something I
needed to hear today after all of the
DES monetization limited or no ads hit
my channel it was kind of depressing to
feel like wow another hit on the fact
that I know I'll never be a legit
youtuber who makes money off of ads and
has advertiser support or YouTube
supports even though I haven't been
making more than a hundred dollars in
ads on either channel combined for a
while it was just kind of a smack in the
face and then of course you have the
people who were bitching about
fanservice Friday so I don't know I was
stuck between a rock and a hard place
and I was pretty stressed out today and
this is an amazing fix to that one of
the things I admire the most about you
is that you have such strong opinions
and you don't care what anyone thinks or
has to say about you thank you for
reinforcing that because today was a
little hard you are such an open book
and as someone who is also an open and
sexual person I get judged all the time
and sometimes get called things like a
slut suck them the fact that sometimes
people label you these ridiculous things
and you don't care and still continue to
be yourself is amazing you are also so
beautiful and intelligent I love your
style you're always so colorful and
nails and lip color are always on fleek
Lal my nails are not really on fleek
right now but you know keep being you
and continue to make amazing videos and
I will always support lots of love from
Sarah xxx insta is underscore miss Sarah
with H at the end X I'll post that in
the description if you want to check her
out thank you so fucking much this is so
sweet like I seriously I don't know I
needed this today thank you
you're like Tara but with an S and an H
the end okay we've got our box today
what's our box
what's in this box it could be a box box
or it could be a babushka box I'll
fuckin Nola's over head cat it filters I
think we've got to cat it filters yes
from rubber troll from rubber tongue for
the fountain that he got me for Eve he
loves the fountain by the way I also
took a drink from it not gonna lie all
right guys imma try this it's mine Oh
get out of here hi LM T new water
filters for Eve her fountain for Eve's
fountain apostrophe s any time you want
to like possessive something you just
add an apostrophe s unless it's yours
his hers etc amazing LM t even more
water filters for Eve her fountain
fucking rubber tongue God there is no
excuse for such bad grammar you are a
slave of the American LM T which by the
way everyone always asks its latex
mistress Tara get good rubber tone get
good alright guys I hope you enjoyed
this little short episode of Friday
night mail please like the video and
subscribe if you enjoyed and if you want
to support my content I do have a
patreon because oh my god can't live
without my patreon right now twitch
helps a little sponsors like Adam and
Eve help a little patreon helps most and
I'm thinking about doing more live
streams there now that they have like
this livestream beta so it's pretty cool
I love you guys so much thank you so
much Sarah for the fucking mood upper I
love it so what I needed right now I'm
so glad that wasn't just a bill like a
hellacious health care bill from when I
was back in Seattle trying to figure out
why I get headaches anyway I'll see you
guys next week with another Friday night
mail don't forget to sign up for the
giveaway down in the description check
out Sarah she's a fuckin badass and
deserves all of your supports and
follows and tell Robert um what a kook
he is bye guys let's show the ass
oh yeah
