actually did a blowjob in hard mode and
you have to escape before all the
fatties in the ass will try to kill you
damn girl so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want
so guys wanted to new episode of my
fucking favorites this is the June flash
July episode I know it's been a while
since I've done one of these but as this
is one of my favorite series is this is
on this channel I'm excited the first
category as always is sex position my
sex position of choice of this month is
my favorite sex position of all time
combined with my new pool if you guys
ever get a chance to fuck a girl or a
guy inside of a pool or Jacuzzi take
that chance but girls beware of your
vagina the in and out motion of fucking
inside of a pool can push water into
your vagina not only can that be
annoying and painful and have you
leaking as if you got cream pied for
hours but all of the rubbing and pushing
of the chemicals at your urethra can
definitely give you a UTI there's a hair
on my lip I myself am prone to UTI so I
can't have sex just inside of a pool
anymore well I can but I currently don't
have health insurance so what I
recommend is going into the shallow end
of the pool a my pool of like really
perfect for this because there's
actually like a really like that and
deep end where Jay and I can both fit
and then it has stairs and drops off
into like the 4 or 5 feet range well in
the shallow end Jay can sit up on the
side or you can get into the pool I can
get into the doggy style position and
then he can pull me in and out because
when you're in water you're less wakeful
you weigh less and there's just a lot
more opportunity to get really deep in
there and try a bunch of different
positions inside of a pool so I
definitely recommend full sex as long as
you're careful and mindful of your poor
vagina or a guy who has a girlfriend you
can just claim her vagina I don't care
I'm not a feminist actually did a
blowjob in hard mode with Jay up on the
edge of the deep end and I had to keep
trying to swim toward the dick and like
swim out of the water to get the dick it
was fun moving on to this month's porn
star so if there's any category that I
feel like I'm going to run out of
substance for it supports our category I
feel like I've seen all of the porn
stars that I'm fine with that I like and
I'm basically just running out of porn
stars but I did see this wonderful
thumbnail of this very sexy very trim
very fit very thin girl who has my
nille body aside from the boom and a
decent phase so this month porn star is
going to be her and her name is uh Mia
Miley
I love how fit and little she is it's
like my ideal I saw a picture of her ass
and how little and tight everything was
but she still had like a nice round ass
and I was like oh my god click on that
one and I'm in love I also follow her on
Instagram you guys should check her out
if you haven't already do some space
don't really like the nipples or more
accurately the areola I'm personally
against smaller implants I feel like it
looks a little weird
I prefer small natural boobs and big
fake boobs she kind of has on the lower
end of implants sometimes she doesn't
even have implants and that porn I don't
really watch I get that it's probably
the best idea for her to go for a small
size being a sinan as small as she is
you don't want to masky a capsular
contracture or anything like that but if
she gets a second boob job she's going
to be hot like perfect
the next category my favorite category
is video games okay so this month first
video game is hollow Knight I absolutely
love this fucking game it's like 15
dollars on Steam maybe 19 but it is
fucking huge
why is my shit focusing on toads face do
you see this Eve how is it like there's
a little like I'm going to show you oh
oh you finally like toad has more of a
recognizable face than I do
that's how you know you've had too much
plastic surgery when toad from Mario
Brothers looks more like a human than
you do anyway so hollow Knight is an
indie game it's absolutely phenomenal it
has kind of a big story but a very deep
story tons and tons of different areas
it's cute while also being badass and
kind of creepy Jay and I are 100%
completing it because it's such a
fucking good game you plays this little
like beetle or something it's very dark
Souls esque but with a different graphic
style you die and you have to you die
you have to defeat yourself your dead
body basically to get your souls back
and you can utilize your souls in a
bunch of different ways you get a bunch
of different abilities oh I just love it
so fucking much one of my favorite games
of all time definitely going to be on my
top ten list of favorite Indies of all
time definitely highly recommend you
check this out you get more than you pay
for with this game I promise the next
game we're going to talk about and just
for fun is dream daddy a dad dating
simulator you might have seen some of
your favorite youtubers playing this
game and I had to get on the bandwagon
it's basically a visual novel where you
are a gay dad
that you get to character create and
mine personally looks like Goku like a
really gay Goku and then you date all of
the other dads in the neighborhood who
also happened to be gay either in the
closet or whatever you're romancing dad
you're gay they're gay you have this
really badass daughter who you are going
to love my only problem with this game
is that I really don't like reading
aloud I wish it had voiceovers if it had
voiceover they would be absolutely
perfect huniepop level what it's very
different than money pop you'll see play
the game I checked back to see if I
talked about little nightmares last
month and it looks like I didn't so
we're going to talk about it this month
a little nightmares is so fucking cute I
think it's by square-enix is it by
square-enix it's by a bigger publisher
and a smaller indie developer they
teamed up and they made this very short
but very beautiful masterpiece you play
as this little girl I forget her name I
think her name is like a number or
something she wakes up in this creepy
place by the ending it's like a very
Asian style which is really cool you're
inside like this bad house type boat
thing and you have to escape before all
the fatties and the assholes try to kill
you it's gorgeous it took me like two
hours to beads but there is DLC that I
haven't yet played so whether you played
little nightmares and loved it or you
haven't played it yet there's DLC so
check that out the next category is
movies and TV shows I have had zero time
to watch movies and I just haven't felt
like it so I haven't been watching
movies but what I have been watching
while I eat is cat from hell or my cat
from hell I forget which it is my
parents recommended it to me because
they were giving me little tidbits from
Jackson galaxy who's the star of the
show when I got Eve they were like don't
toilet trained her it's against her
nature and things like that so we
started watching the show because we
fucking love even we want to know as
much as possible about her behavior so
this show is extremely formulated even
as far as reality TV shows go but it
actually is very interesting and if you
like animals at all or you want to watch
human or animal behaviorism check it out
two documentaries I want to mention real
quick because even though I was on the
track to being a vegan I kind of stayed
as vegetarians just for the fact that I
wanted to easily go shop at Walmart and
get all my shopping done in like three
seconds being a vegetarian is extremely
easy being a vegan is easy but if you're
lazy it can be kind of annoying so these
two documentaries more what the health
then educated are what's going to make
me go fully vegan finally if you care a
lot about animals and you want to
actually see the imagery that will just
repulse you to no end and make you never
want to eat meat
and watch of educated even if you're not
really into being a vegetarian or vegan
the cast of that documentary is pretty
funny it's very interesting to watch and
you can get a grand scheme of why people
want to go vegetarian and vegan all in
one video and the blonde girl who did
the documentary is kind of cute what's
the more important documentary that
everyone should fucking see because it
pertains to your health I mean they
literally only said the word vegan once
in the whole movie is what the hell
you might have heard about it a lot of
people are going vegan because of it I
always knew that there was a direct link
from meat even non red meats and cancer
colorectal cancer breast cancer clogged
arteries cardiovascular disease but I
didn't know that it was so bad I never
eat meat like ever but it also shows how
dairy is that as well just as bad
it shows how just the first second that
you eat any kind of meat
how inflamed your digestive tract gets
it talks about how we're not meant to be
on the boards even though we behave like
omnivores we don't have the Anatomy for
it and just a bunch of evidence
empirical evidence as to why you should
limit or cut out meat all together it
doesn't pander to emotions it's not
annoyingly whiney so I definitely
recommend it check it out
even if you don't change your mind even
if you have no inkling in the world of
wanting to become a vegan or have
anything to do with veganism I love this
one doesn't pull the heartstrings push
you toward being some kind of annoying
hipster
or advocate any kind of moral
grandstanding it's perfect MA perfect
documentary alright guys next we have
music the first thing I'm going to talk
about is another Richelieu fucking album
I know I'm like a Richelieu fan girl to
the max right now
oh my god it's doing it again oh I have
to show you what it's doing why is toad
more of a person than I am
why why why I am a person not toad
fucking camera dude I have to like cover
toads face to make it focus on me okay
so the Richelieu album Tara's fame I
don't know it sounds like my name
obviously Tara ter RA is like earth I
don't know what Fame their fame is but
there are so many good songs on this
album I never gave that album a chance I
don't know why but it's so good oh let
me give you some of my favorites I'm
going to read them because obviously I
didn't fucking memorize the names of the
songs we've got lovely room Harlequin
seven rings left blitz
and the water is fine those are my side
favorites also terrace
in great songs check them out if you
liked recently when I mentioned them
before which I saw in the comments a lot
of you guys did you have to check these
out as the songs go they get so much
better so much more
I don't know emotional I don't even know
how to say it it's just great the next
thing I want to recommend to you guys is
the metal covers by little V all of
little bees covers are on Spotify that's
how I listen to them and my favorite by
far is the Dark Souls 3 theme oh my god
I love the dark souls 3 theme as it is
sometimes I'll just open the game and
just let it run in the background so I
can listen to the music and that's how I
found little V because I was looking for
the actual song on Spotify so I didn't
have to keep opening the game to listen
to the music it's still symphonic and
climactic and it's so good the build-up
is just amazing not to mention it being
creepy and perfect theme music for Dark
Souls but little bees metal rendition oh
so good
he also does things like my life for
iron which is a Protoss themed metal
chocobo theme he does father gasps keone
which is the the second boss or the
third boss or something I think is
optional for blood-borne that theme is
amazing and even has an undertale one
it's so good check out little B on
Spotify best metal covers for games ever
and the last thing I want to point out
is a hate freed song I've never really
been a big fan of hey free to be honest
I haven't really given them a chance and
this song does not make me a lover but
it gets stuck in my head so much the
song is called looking down the barrel
of today and it's literally just like
catchy metal kind of almost like the
kind of stereotypical stuff that people
would think metalheads listen to but for
some reason I just can't stop listening
to it and playing it back in my head
it's annoying
listen to the song and let me know if
you think it's annoying I feel like it
almost gives paint breed and metal in
general a bad name next category and one
of the most fun categories is guy or
girl I want to fuck before I get into
this we are only going to be talking
about Instagram models today there are a
few Instagram models that are just so
hot these days but I am going to be
making a video that is going to make
half of you guys on subscribe I'm going
to go down to like 100k subscribers and
they're all either going to be like
open-minded people or fucking neo-nazis
or something the video is going to be
untitled questionable people or
something like that I would suck it's
going to be great I've been wanting to
do it for a while I have a list I'm
updating that list whenever I can and
you guys are going to fucking hate it I
love it so let's get into these
Instagram models that I think are the
hottest things ever so a little fun fact
when I was a full-time model back when I
was like 18 to like 23 or 24 I'm 27 now
maybe listen to like 25 and a half I
thought I was like the hottest model
ever I know that sounds super conceited
but I have my own personal preferences
of what I find aesthetic and I've been
working toward them for years so it's no
wonder that like to my preference I was
one of the hottest I had bigger boobs
and everyone back then I was fitter and
I had like the lines on my stomach the
perfect ones that I liked that being too
like rounded and buff ish I don't know I
just oh I thought it was the shit but
now oh my god it's like there's more and
more models and Instagram models and
things that are like my ideal it's
everyone is so hot these days and I
fucking adore it
I know a lot of girls would be like oh
my gosh
now huh and get like super jealous and
secure but to me it's just motivation to
be able to see more and more girls that
I'm attracted to and more and more girls
that are like my ideal it's amazing so
here are some girls that I would fuck on
instagram and i'll be posting their
instagram apps or whatever so we've got
lino rita i don't know this chick she's
fucking hot as shit purple sneakers
purple sneakers is a little bit more
alternative but her body in her face and
her hair oh my god one of the reasons
that I fucking tried to tape in
extensions is because of her because I
was like this amount of hair so pretty
so perfect oh she's just amazing the
next girl is it's Phoenix sky Phoenix
guy the most beautiful black woman I've
ever seen in my entire life she doesn't
even have fake boobs she's just
absolutely the epitome of perfection and
she streams on Twitch so she's a gamer I
love watching her stories every morning
she like does jump rope in her garage
it's just so amazing the next girl is
Lexie Marlowe Lexie Marlowe just another
hot blonde looking sign of fuck fucking
love it and the last one is a carrenza
or Katherina Katherina v if you want to
look up what I want to look like and the
type of photography that I like that's
the girl her faith is not perfect but
it's pretty but that body though oh
she's fucking strangle me choke me with
them titties please there are so many
girls on Instagram that I would totally
bang whether it's porn stars Instagram
models internationally published models
Instagram is so amazing I don't know why
people put down Instagram models I think
they're great let me know if you follow
any of these girls and if not go ahead
and give them a follow tear looking out
for you the next category is my favorite
girly things
I got tape and extensions about I would
say from here down like that much of my
hair is not like real hair anymore it is
real human hair but there tape and
extensions the reason that I finally bit
the bullet and tried out extensions was
because I have this braid fetish now and
I always felt like when I braided my
hair my braids were lacking even when I
curled my hair I felt like the volume
was lacking and honestly I have kind of
a love-hate relationship with them I was
pretty correct and saying that I
wouldn't find them comfortable and I
wouldn't adore them like a lot of girls
just swear by them one of the reasons
why I never got them before other than
the fact that I found them kind of
creepy and I didn't like the way that
they looked when girls have like really
short hair and then gets them
long and then it just looks like a bunch
of hair coming from the bottom with no
real hair on top the other reason is
because they used to damage the shit out
of your hair they would like weave them
in and pull on your natural hair or they
would like use glue and it absolutely
destroys your natural hair but with tape
ins there's a little to no damage and I
made sure that there was no damage you
just tape them in then you have like a
dissolving liquid that dissolve them
things I don't like about them are that
I can feel them I can't really like
perfectly cover them up as I'm doing
updos and things like that
and I think part of the reason might be
the person who put them in and not
necessarily them themselves I can run a
brush through my hair grab to be careful
my natural hair is so much nicer than
this hair for instance when I wash and
dry my hair these are supposed to be
straight but they have a wave to them
and they also get frizzy my hair never
frizzy never curly just straight down
perfect silky hair I didn't expect
perfection but I'm kind of having fun
with having a lot more hair it's fun I
have fine hair naturally so this is just
interesting I don't know I would
recommend tape and extensions to anyone
who's using extensions but not tape in
stop ruining your hair and are not that
expensive I think I paid like 150 bucks
for three packages color 60 which is
almost my color but a little bit more
brassy other girly things I also got a
facial this month I've never gotten a
facial before in my life it was very
relaxing very nice it was also the way
that I found out that I have mild
rosacea which is why when I'm not
wearing makeup you can kind of see like
a little bit of redness in my skin and
stuff which is kind of sad because
there's no cure for rosacea but I think
with the vegan diet and going to see a
dermatologist soon I should be able to
have like the perfect skin soon I like
my skin it's usually clear and kind of
smooth but I just feel like my
complexion was lacking so it's nice to
know that there's actually an underlying
cause to that and not just your Irish
and whites or your skin is shit as I
said I was black and my skin was shit
I'd be such a racist so if you guys
watch fnm you probably saw that my girl
Melanie spoiled the shit out of me with
makeup this month and oh my god these
huda beauty fucking liquid lip glosses
those are so fucking good today I'm
wearing bombshell I'm wearing bombshell
and then on top on the little leg
Cupid's bow I'm wearing a little bit of
this opal Becca shine on-the-go whatever
fucking shit just to make my lips stand
out more and I'm wearing it on the tip
of my nose I don't wear a lot of
highlighter it usually
we're like shimmer bronzer like over
here and up on my forehead and stuff but
who - beauty lip gloss is like holy fuck
they're so good and by lip gloss I mean
liquid matte lipstick
I always just call it lip gloss and this
lip gloss is by I forget was by Anasazi
of Beverly Hills and it's in the fucking
color Terra Terra lip gloss it actually
says it right on the end
Terra Thank You Melanie these are the
things that I live for I fucking love
lip glosses love trying out new makeup
it's just so much fun and last but not
least my favorite thing in the last two
months let me show you what it is call
me a baby Korean hey baby don't be in my
video that's a yes this is my favorite
thing of the month of the last two
months of forever my little baby kitten
my 3 month old kitten Eve she's so
fucking cute damn girl you don't want to
be here with me I love you I love you so
fucking much I'm so glad that we picked
her up off the freeway those few months
ago and brought her here to Vegas she is
the sweetest thing in the world she's
always in the same room with me she's
always hanging out with me if I called
her she comes within like a few minutes
she's intelligent she likes to play with
me she'll play fetch she'll go out on a
leash and take walks with me she's
inquisitive she's adorable her meows are
like oh so cute
I'm absolutely in love she is my
favorite thing in the world other than J
and that cock alright guys I hope you
enjoyed this video like the video and
subscribe if you did don't forget to
check out my other fucking favourites
videos they're not really dated because
fuck is the newest and coolest thing I
decide what's the coolest let me know in
the comments if you're excited for my
controversial people I will fuck video
also I have a new sex ed coming soon
that I've already recorded for how to
flirt and why to flirt should be pretty
good I love you guys so much thank you
so much for the support and let me know
if I turned you on to anything cool bye
guys thanks for watching
