blow jobs basically picking me up making
fucking gestures with my body and I am
like oh my god I'm so in so who cares
why not do your own thing and let them
say what they want hey guys welcome to
new episode of sex stories I haven't
done one of these in a while because
honestly I have 2 to 5 more good stories
to tell that I can remember maybe some
will come to mind that are story worthy
but honestly I like to space them out a
little bit because as slutty as I might
seem I don't have that many sex
experiences that are story worthy I mean
they're like real good sex experiences
or real mess sex experiences but who
makes a story out of that people who are
grasping for content which I am NOT like
what am I going to say I had sex with
this guy and it's held really good and
then we cuddled and I woke up and I went
home and it was awesome boring right
well today we're going to talk about one
of my more slutty moments and one of my
more morally questionable moments so if
you have any of that moral outrage in
you any of the SJW notion or any of that
moral high-ground that you want to stand
on to judge other people you can go
ahead and leave the video I'm warning
you now you probably won't like me after
this and I'm not going to care so you're
just wasting your time so this is the
story of the married magic nerd and the
other magic nerd this story starts off
with me starting to play magic when I
first started out I started out okay by
the way magic is a trading card game by
Wizards of the coast the people who also
created D and E which is Dungeons and
Dragons I got into magic because when I
was younger I always thought it was
really cool I used to play pokemon the
TCG with my dad he would take me to
Wizards of the coast stores and there
would be people playing magic there and
I always thought that was the coolest
thing but I was kind of made to feel
like that was for bigger kids I was like
9 at the time so when Jay and I realized
we had a little bit more time and some
disposable income we decided to just
jump into magic and boy were we noobs at
the beginning the first magic shop we
went to was like the smaller magic shop
in Federal Way Washington it was called
Santa's ium nobody really goes there
anymore or so I've heard
and this was a pretty casual magic shop
but for us who had never really played
Magic before it was like the perfect
place to start out we were going to
Friday night magic every week
fun fact that's how I named Friday night
male Friday night male fanservice Friday
when it used to be on YouTube would play
on Friday when I was actually at Friday
Night Magic playing Magic so in between
rounds I would like read through the
comments and stuff very fun and miss
that shit so anyway there was this guy
there his name was Nate Nate was I would
say a few years older than me and this
was like three years ago maybe four
years ago maybe two I don't fucking
remember it was not that long ago and
this guy he came off as very serious
about magic his semi intellectual but
also like a funny charismatic guy and is
also one of the guys that I developed a
crush on that didn't really make any
sense because he totally wasn't my type
sure he was tall sure he had a fine bone
structure but he had like a beer belly
gut type thing and he wasn't that hot or
hot at all I guess but for some reason I
had this insane crush on him and when he
invited me to come play test different
deck which is like a way of getting
better before a tournament I'm gonna try
to be as layman as possible I was like
hell fucking yes because on one hand I
wanted to get better at magic I wanted
to learn from his suppose with acumen I
thought he was good I mean he was better
than me at the time but he's not great
by any means also I have no ill-will
against him so if it sounds like that
I'm just being honest so I started going
to these play testings and he personally
invited me and I was just flirting with
him this is what I would do he was very
good friends with a lot of my very good
friends a friend that I met through
magic named Chris who used to drive me
to the play test that Jay couldn't Jay
used to use my car to drive to work so
if he was ever at work and I was over at
home and wanted to go play test Chris
would come pick me up and then drive me
down to Fantasia my I lived so I did
this for a while and I flirted with them
at FM and every single time at FM if we
met in the last round he would just
concede to me and go home which often
meant that I got easy prizes and it was
just easier for me to get packs or
whatever the fuck the prizes were back
then I don't remember some shit prizes
and I just really enjoy the chase and
flirting with guys almost as much as I
enjoy the actual catch I don't know for
me it's just really fun to flirt with
people to gauge if they're interested in
me or to try to make them more
interested in me or to just kind of have
this sexual pent-up energy between each
other I just find that very erotic and
very fun to apply to like everyday
normal things like hanging out or
playing magic I don't know I'm very
sexual very horny person okay
partiers unusual lately which is why I'm
making so many videos really
usually my videos are like 60% sex now
they're like 85% sex
it'll pass don't worry it's like a
monthly thing so I continued this way
where he is kind of flirting with me and
I can feel the sexual tension a little
bit and I'm thinking that maybe he's
into me as well but he's married
and one of the other reasons why I found
him attractive was because he was also a
teacher and I've always had this fetish
for teachers and cops and I've ever
gotten to sleep with a teacher or a cop
what the hell the idea of someone who's
supposed to be so wholesome and so
authoritarian and so bland
kind of corrupting them in bed or
getting to see their dark side in bed it
sounds really fun to me so I was taking
as flirtatious nature as being
interested in me and I was also taking
the fact that he was conceding to me all
the time and letting me win I found that
kind of annoying but in terms of like
getting prizes I was like cool I get
more prizes so I kind of took that as
him being more interested in me as well
obviously I'm not going to full-on
approach him I'm gonna let him do that
because if he's married as much as I
don't have a moral standing on that at
all
it's his social contract not mine I'm
not gonna like push it I did end up
pushing it yes oh I want to remind you
guys that there's no actual penetration
in this in the story sex stories to me
is just like an easy way to say
relationships with guys fucked up times
that I tried to hit on guys times I was
rejected and blowjobs basically so all
of his friends who were my mutual
friends knew that I was like totally
into him I talked about it all the time
I was like I don't know I just had this
crush on him I don't know why but oh my
god Oh Nate that's how I feel so a few
months rolled by and I see him at fnm I
see him at other bigger events I'm
playtesting with him talking to him a
little bit on Facebook about nothing in
particular he's just inviting me to
things and then Grand Prix Vancouver
comes up so Grand Prix's are basically
bigger magic events that actual like pro
magic players will go to there's a lot
of money in it a lot of people go there
casuals can also go there for fun
there's side events and things like that
I've never been to one before I think
maybe it was my second GP I'm not sure
so all of my mutual friends and all his
his mutual friends and basically
everyone interested in magic in Seattle
who had the means to go we're all
traveling down together to Vancouver
Canada like two hours north I think
and my friend Chris and my friend
Patrick and my friend Brian we all
talked about getting a hotel room
together and I was like sure
Jay couldn't go because Jay at the time
wasn't a citizen he didn't
passports and to get out of the country
you need one of those like updated
licenses or you need a passport also I
think he was working and let me tell you
one thing about traveling without J I
fuckin hate doing it I've only done it
like a handful of times in my entire
life and I never do it for very long
because I just don't like it but when I
do do it I end up being a little bit
more slutty because you know I don't
have J around to like quench the sexual
tension there so this is my situation we
all drove down I was saying in the hotel
room with Chris and Patrick and Brian
Brian will sleep on the floor I was
sleeping in the bed with Patrick Patrick
was like my friend oh I don't want to
get into that much because I don't want
to embarrass him or something people who
know him or me might watch my video
themselves but I really like Patrick
he's a cool dude hi Pat anyway I thought
this would be a way for me to get closer
to Nate or at least have some like a
lone inch time with him that's not magic
related because obviously when you
travel for conventions or then me being
someone who's traveled a million times
for Starcraft tournament and things like
III you know that there's going to be
after parties or people hanging out
afterwards so I was like I can maybe get
closer than eight this might be fun and
maybe I'll win a GP no I never fuckin
thought that I was very new to magic
it's time so we go down I planned the
event and the first day I'm five and
four and you have to be I think it was
six and three in order to go to day two
so it's basically I was a tournament at
this point and I was just ready to get
drunk and hang out I don't get drunk
often but in social settings especially
gaming related social settings where I
actually don't mind interacting with
people you guys probably know this from
my Toby story when I go hard drinking I
go hard drinking and it's basically just
like tera 2.0 worse in many many ways
god I'm thirsty hold on I'll be right
back okay I'm back my god fucking Vegas
is so dry I don't know I used to be
someone with oily skin but now I'm like
someone with really dry skin it's like
Oh anyway so I start drinking a little
bit and then all of my friends were
talking about how they want to go out to
eat all of my friends that are closer to
me a little bit decide that they were
going to go to Red Robin Red Robin is if
you guys don't know we just probably
don't notice I don't talk about it it is
one of my favorite restaurants I'm a
very American food not high-class kind
of girl but I do like to sit down in a
booth and have someone bring a menu over
to me from time to time and Nate wanted
to go to an Asian restaurant for like
seafood or something and if you guys
know anything about me if
I ever turned down American food in lieu
of some kind of weird ethnic oriental
food or something unless it's like legit
just straight-up fried rice with some
kind of like tofu or something
you know I like one of the people that's
going the Nate goes to the Asian place
and I'm like hey I'll go to the Asian
place do and then Patrick comes to the
Asian place with us and I don't think
Patrick can do that I had a thing for
Nate but I know that Patrick had a thing
for me so it's kind of like really
awkward and I also ordered like some
thing that I could barely even it was
just mess so afterward we're walking
down the road it was Nate and me and
Patrick and we were looking for the
other group of people we were going to
meet at a bar or something and I was
really pushing bar I was like more
drinking more drinking how to get the
sky drunk I know it's going to be
awesome if I do and he is telling me
about how he's only ever been with one
girl it was his wife talking about how I
wouldn't like her because she's not my
type
but we get to the bar we all start
drinking and this is where I don't
remember too much but I do remember the
key points I was hanging out talking
with my friends and then all of a sudden
somehow I'm on his lap right he's got
his arm around my waist we're talking
were chatting I don't even know how I
got there I remember being beside him
just drinking and we were taking shots
and stuff and then all of a sudden I was
on his lap I was like yes this is
working and then after a while of
drinking all I remember is going outside
and talking to our friends it was really
late it was getting super late and I
don't even remember really what we were
talking about something about sex right
and he in front of like three or four of
our friends or at least in the close
vicinity of our friends I think he was
talking to someone else and not me or
maybe I just wasn't listening I don't
know he picks me up like by the legs and
shows holding me in like a up in the air
or sex position out in the middle of
nowhere in front of them McDonald's in
between a bar and a McDonald's in
beautiful downtown Vancouver and I am
like oh my god I'm so in a few minutes
later the majority of my group of
friends want to go home and sleep
they're tired they got to play the next
day and now it's only me and Nate left
Nate's like I'm not gonna walk back to
the hotel I'm like okay
and I start walking with him in the
absolute opposite direction of my hotel
and this whole time I'm thinking if I
somehow walk him home and then he denies
me from coming into the hotel room I
don't have my key to the hotel room
because I'm very bad at that when
and I go and travel jei is the one that
holds both of the key cards in this case
I had four guys in my room who all had
the key cards in mine was probably just
on the mantle or something in the
bedroom and I was like I'm banking on
this because otherwise I'm drunkenly
walking back at 2 a.m. in the morning in
Vancouver hoping I at least know where
my hotel is let alone my fuckin hotel
room yeah I was banking on this so we're
walking toward his hotel room and I'm
like oh my god this is it I have
succeeded all of these months of
flirting and this whole night is trying
to get this guy drunk and obviously it
was working because you know I'm on his
lap he's picking me up making fucking
gestures with my body and then our
friend Phil walked by now I like Phil
he's a cool dude but I fucking hate him
for this moment
maybe it's for the better because I
don't even know why I fucking like the
guy in the first place totally over it
Phil is like Tara do you want me to walk
you back to your hotel room because we
have the room like next door or
something they were staying in the same
hotel it was him and Jesus you guys
probably remember Jesus if you seen any
of my early out about vlogs he was a
friend for a long time and I'm like fuck
and I'm like yeah sure Phil thanks Phil
takes me back to the hotel we're riding
up in the elevator and Phil has this
like succulent round Asian ass okay he's
like barely taller than me Asian dude
but his ass it's just so round so the
only action I got that night was
grabbing his butt and letting him grab
mine fuck you Phil so it doesn't end
there the fucking next day I am like
whatever at the event I'm walking around
I'm doing side events I'm talking to my
friend Eric and I'm basically just
rejected about the night before and then
I started talking to this guy this guy
barely knew who I met at a store when I
stopped going to Fantasia has started
going to a different store
yeah nice bone structure I guess but
he's definitely not hot either just tall
again me with the tall white guys who
are condescendingly self-important and
think they have more knowledge than they
do that's just like a type that I guess
I go for I guess honestly I do have a
thing for guys who have some kind of
skill or they're smart in some way I
like that and if they have that like
tall guy nerdy look maybe I was pretty
much just reeling from the night before
and my failure and I was kind of looking
for a rebound so one night came around
and I was drunk off my ass once again
and we were in the hotel room playing
what was it we were playing cards
against humanity' I think
I was that drunk I was sitting in this
guy's lap and then I walked him outside
walking him around the corner to his
like small crappy hotel I kissed him
grabbed his cock was very disappointed
because he's tall I thought he would
have a bigger cock but he didn't and
then we walked around the corner and I
gave him a blowjob oh man
turns out he was a virgin not a good
choice very bad choice anyway moving on
so Nate once we got home back to Seattle
stopped responding to me on Facebook he
basically blocked me on Facebook I think
and he stopped coming to our card shop
which he always came to when we moved
over to the new card shop he started
coming most weeks as well and I never
saw him at the card shop again and then
I realized that apparently he told his
wife what happened in Vancouver and
obviously as a logical person she was
pissed at me and not holding him
responsible for his relationship and I
guess she disallowed him from going to
that magic shop anymore fast forward a
few months later I saw him at the magic
shop he was holding some event or
something that he probably thought I
wasn't going to go to it was some like
event for his friend moving away or
something and his wife shows up and
she's giving me the ice glare like like
she's just fuming like if I didn't know
for sure that she knew about what
happened she knows now and I'm sure of
it and I just kind of ignored her
glaring hatred because whatever you know
with your shit stop getting mad at me
I'm a single woman okay and then I
talked to my friend hey-zeus and he
azouz tells me that nate says that he's
always hated me I think he called me a
bitch or something I don't know if he
called me whoa oh because my lip gloss
okay I was like what the fuck did I just
get ringworm
but yeah supposedly the snake guy hated
me and couldn't stand me and thought I
was a bitch
yeah the moral of the story is Phil and
anyone else thinking to cock-block their
friends do it if you think that person
should not warrant that other person's
attention Thank You Phil I appreciate it
I don't even think Phil knows what he
did that night maybe had I gone home
with Nate I wouldn't have like messed
around with a virgin
I don't know hope you guys enjoyed this
video like the video if you did let me
know what you think it's quite funny
that a lot of the non-penetrations
stories are funnier than the penetration
stories like my German guy stories that
wasn't that interesting he was just like
a guy I wanted to sleep with in the
Forte's community and i did and then it
was it was pretty good but he was also
kind of boring but I'd do it again
but he's German the end this one was a
little bit more juicy I would say hope
you guys enjoy and I'll see you in the
next video let me know in the comments
if you like these tech stories and again
keep your morale grandstanding for
someone who cares Wow
