nothing in return and he would like it
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new episode of Friday night
mail I have a few announcements before
we get started first of all I'm sorry
that this is a little bit late I woke up
really early thinking that I could
record this the same day and edit it and
get it up and it's like 5:30 right now
because I went back to sleep and took a
nap I apologize profusely
the second announcement is really
exciting to me I've been working on it
for the past two days non-stop basically
hashtag tear Babcock merch is finally
back and by the way this video is
sponsored by the black heart breaker
shirt if you want to buy the black
heartbreaker shirt shown here or
anything else on my entire store we have
pillows we have socks we have hoodies we
have t-shirts tanks everything a link
that if you follow you'll get 10% off
will be in the description a lot of you
guys probably didn't even know that I
had merch or if you did you're confused
as to why I'm not pushing it as much and
that was because scrim gear was fucking
awful people weren't trusting their site
someone didn't get their order that I
ordered for them as a giveaway and I'm
just really glad that now I'm working
with a company like teespring where it's
something you guys can trust more on the
terribad puck merch soon I'll get some
samples and I'll show them off I'll give
you more discounts it'll be great also
by the way patrons get a 15% discount
you guys can check out Tara Babcock
merch calm or patreon.com slash Tara
Babcock if you'd like if not either way
let's just get into F&M the giveaway
winner this week is Skylar s
congratulations Skylar s I hope you
enjoy your $25 Amazon gift card if you
guys want to sign up for this week's
giveaway link is in the description as
always you can get a $25 Amazon gift
card or a $24.99 subscription to my
twitch channel let's go ahead and get
into viewer questions if you guys want
your questions answered next week post
them in the comments of this video and
I'll be screenshotting three to four of
them that are not terrible questions
sometimes they're terrible when I don't
get that many questions but I digress
question one is from sent or 66 he says
question what is the cutoff between what
is considered a rock and a pebble I
would say that all pebbles are also
rocks but not all rocks are pebbles a
pebble would be defined as a small rock
but the cut off as you're asking would
be entirely subjective and relative what
I mean by relative is if you see like a
gigantic Boulder but it's next to a
bunch of way way bigger boulders you
might identify
that otherwise big rock as a pebble or
you might exaggerate and say bad that's
nothing but a pebble that's my answer
take it or leave it if you guys disagree
post in the comments kitten says rar
says question would you want rubber
tounge to be your twenty-four-seven live
in slave and what would you do to him
love ya love you too okay so I can't
even stand having a roommate other than
Jay obviously who's more like a life
partner let's just say even when I like
someone a lot as a friend or as a lover
I can't stand them being around me 24/7
so I would definitely not want someone
as annoying and stupid as rubber tongue
to be around me 24/7 however what I
would like is for him to live in close
proximity to me so he can come over and
lick my floors clean clean my house do
any random chores that I have that I
don't feel like doing myself I wouldn't
make him pick up my packages and take
things out to the PIO box I would have
him help me set up my lighting if I
needed any help recording which I don't
usually but sometimes I do wish I had an
assistance it would be a lot of fun and
I would give him nothing in return and
he would like it Travis walls asks
um-hmm do you enjoy a sensual sex
session I'm not really a fan of
lovey-dovey sensual sex some of the
types of sex that you see on TV it's not
really my thing
sex isn't about expressing love for
someone I can do that in other ways like
giving gifts or telling them how much I
love them or being there for them I just
separate sex completely from the act of
loving someone in that I can have sex
with someone that I don't love and I can
express my love for someone without
having sex with them for me sex is
physical and anyone who thinks that
they're loved because they have sex with
someone is sorely mistaken love is more
about loyalty emotional supports having
mutual interests and mutual moral values
or in my case ideological values also
enjoying each other's company and
building up social seniority so to speak
and last question comes from Lawrence
Davis he says question do you think
you'll get any more tattoos if I
remember right you have a Mario won
that's true it's on my foot but I don't
think you've mentioned any others and
Eve one would be cute and you could so
kill a sleeve side bar you're a fucking
amazing individual wish more people had
your straightforward attitude thank you
so much just a side note and no hate to
the particular audience that I'm going
to be mentioning ambiguously here but I
really love that my audience isn't a
bunch of sycophantic people who just
completely kiss my ass and tell me I'm
perfect no matter what and don't give me
criticism I absolutely hate that
recently I saw on someone's in
to Graham who I mentioned in the
YouTuber smashing pass who I passed they
posted the portion of my video on their
Instagram and just everyone was like
you're perfect the way you are fuck this
cunt and they felt the need to attack me
and hold this girl up on a pedestal just
because I respectfully and honestly so
that I wouldn't smash her the funny
thing is she probably wouldn't smash me
either because she seems heterosexual
but apparently you either have to lie
and that's seen as niceness or you have
to fuck everyone whose gender fits in to
your sexual preferences indiscriminately
as I state in all my videos I would
personally be more offended if someone
was just kissing my ass and I found out
they didn't think the way that I thought
but they thought and they were just
lying to keep me complacent so thanks
guys for not doing that anyway the
tattoos question I actually made a video
recently well it wasn't to reason it was
before I moved about what tattoos I
wanted to get in the future and I talked
about getting this mashup of Pink Floyd
/ Sonic / Mario I'm really excited about
that one I also want to get a binding of
issac / Zelda set of parts on my wrist
there are a bunch of others so if you
want the full video I'll link that down
in the description as well thanks for
the question you look pretty cute from
your profile picture I love that every
time I wink I have to make that noise
alright guys that's it for this week's
questions let's get into it I actually
have a little letter this time which I'm
really excited for I love letters and
I'm gonna carefully open it because I
don't know where my fucking letter
opener went this is from Remi hello Tara
I wanted to send you this little note to
let you know that I'm thankful for how
much you've helped me I'm a single man
and have been for some time if you know
what the nice guy syndrome is that is
what I'm coming off of yeah I do without
wanting to come across as superficial
yesterday I jerked off / masturbated to
you I knew immediately when I saw the
title that that was what I was going to
do feel free to FAP as you can imagine a
single guy as likely to masturbate a lot
and so do I but here's the kicker I've
always wondered about a slumbering
feeling underneath while I was doing it
and until I allowed myself to go all out
on you I never could pinpoint that
emotion and as I consciously kept
looking at your eyes and mouth I let
myself glance down onto your tits when I
wanted and then it came to me before I
climax even pun intended I'm sure that
primary emotion that occupied me
subconsciously while masturbating was
fear yes even when I was home alone
facing a girl on screen with no real
perils around I was afraid but it was
the fact that you gave me permission not
not permission but that you made me feel
it was okay that I could fall back into
my
fear and let it go while doing it I came
hard and that's not all and I try not to
come off as a pussy but I went to sleep
and cried in my bed I had to cry because
up until now I could never totally
express my sexuality to a woman feel
asleep and feel good about it even while
writing this it's hard not to touch my
dick and please myself
Remy Thank You Remy this is actually a
really interesting letter I think a lot
of people will take away from this that
oh my god it's so funny I guys talking
about masturbating or like had this
stigma attached to the whole fact that
he is coming to this revelation through
sexual pleasure and they're gonna write
it off as not something profound but I
actually prefer stuff like this stuff
that's honest like this as I said
earlier in the video two people just
kissing my ass and I get it you kiss the
asses of content creators a little bit
at least because they've helped you in
some way I like getting these letters
because it does feel nice to be
appreciated but that's not the most
important part the most important part
is that you guys feel comfortable
expressing things that you wouldn't
necessarily express to anyone else even
close friends to me Remy I'm glad that I
could do that for you and of course I
give you permission I'm not the thought
police especially if that makes you feel
a little less lonely watching one of my
videos while doing so with that said I
hope one day you find a girl who you can
be completely open and sexually honest
with and not feel like it's some kind of
glaring detriment to you as a man I feel
like we should make like you go man some
kind of MIG tau slogan for this channel
just know guys I'm on your side thank
you so much for the letter Remy I really
appreciate it
and to everyone who watches my videos
not just the guys or the girls as much
as I hate the histrionics of someone
crying out in public and not being able
to be in control of their emotional
output in their emotional health crying
sometimes while you're home alone or
with them when you trust can definitely
be a good outlet for stress don't feel
bad if you cry sometimes there's a time
and a place for everything it's not that
men should never cry or have some kind
of emotional outlet for stress okay
moving on moving on moving on let's go
let's go bitch I wanted to spit it out
cuz I thought that would be cool but oh
and they already fucking fucked it up
okay I'm just ruining it further oh yeah
oh oh my god yes we got a snake eater
poster boys
mm big boss is so sexy who sent this to
me oh my god we got off slot in the
corner Jay can definitely cosplay as Big
Boss and I can cosplay as Eva oh my god
that would be so hot and it would be
pretty easy to do - and then I could
reuse the jumpsuits as like a jumpsuit
for like some Slipknot cosplay that
would be fucking sick oh I love this
poster whoever sent this to me thank you
so much I don't even know if I had this
on my wish list but this is an amazing
gift and it came at the perfect time
while I'm finalizing the gaming channel
room I actually have two more slots for
posters
I remember now this is a gift actually
from Yosef he says hey Tara the item I
just bought for fnm didn't have a gift
option so I couldn't put a note I just
wanted to say I hope you still wanted it
because you added it to your wishlist
almost two years ago but mgs3 is my
favorite game of all time so it was the
thing I wanted to get you the most love
you girl thank you yes oh I'm so glad I
remembered this because I was like
someone told me to do something while I
was half asleep in my discord and then I
was like oh my god that's gotta be what
it is okay so I did put it on my wish
list and I do very much still wanted in
fact I want it more than ever
if you had bought it for me two years
ago I probably would have gotten all
fucked up with the move and I wouldn't
have had a place for it back in the old
apartment so thank you so much Yosef oh
great stuff have gotten today you guys
are amazing I cannot stress enough how
amazing you guys are oh oh my god I did
not know this was gonna be so huge so
huge and heavy holy fuck okay so I force
rubber tongue to buy me the colossal
edition of the attack on Titan manga
volume by volume I know who's gonna be
thick cuz it's like a bunch of volume
stacked together but I have no idea was
gonna be so heavy and so big and the
pages are so soft they're not like
regular like rough paper pages oh my god
some of its in color 200 guys if you
haven't actually read the manga and you
plan on reading the manga of attack on
Titan this is the way to fucking do it I
am so excited to have all of the volumes
oh this is the best dude you guys are
amazing I know this is from rubber
tongue but I'm attributing this gift to
you guys and not to rubber tongue this
book literally has to be like at least
seven pounds I would say it's seven
pounds I'm gonna go put it on the scale
after this we'll see if I was right what
are you guys betting that right now
I'm betting seven pounds it's so heavy
dude maybe it's five but I think it's
seven I think it's seven like look how
huge it is it's so big
good boy your ever tongue alright we've
got one more package are we doing
by the way Yosef Metal Gear Solid 3
Snake Eater is my favorite Metal Gear
Solid as well even though I grew up
playing over and over again just for fun
and for the story Metal Gear Solid 1
I loved that shit man oh my god these
gifts I want to read the notes first
okay so Wow hi Terra to add to your
neverending mug collection love Nina and
that's this one it is it's a mug that
has indentations on the side of it so
you can put any kind of Legos on it you
want and make it like your own personal
creation I love how they have on the
side here they have someone who added
like wheels and stuff this is great oh I
love it oh it actually comes with some
bricks it says contains one mug building
bricks not included but there are
clearly some building bricks in here
Thank You Nina and also she said hi Tara
more model making streams please love
Nina I did make my Vegeta and Saiyan
capsule on stream that was really fun
and this is the model for Android 18
this is cool plastic model kit Android
number 18 this is gonna be fun okay I
promise I will do this on stream and not
right now after I stop the video because
wow I really want Android 18 made right
now I think it'll be more fun to do it
on stream with you guys I still need to
edit that video and post it to the
gaming channel thank you all so much
Nina Yosef Remi you guys are awesome
you've made it in my fucking day or I
guess more accurately my night I hope
you guys have an exceptional fucking
weekend and weren't too turned off by
how fucking greasy my hair is right now
I'm sorry by the way guys next week is
Valentine's Day on Wednesday I think I
will be taking Wednesday and Thursday
off so there's not gonna be an F and M
for next week I have a really cool video
coming out for you guys for Valentine's
Day that I'm gonna be working pretty
hard on this next week oh my god but I
don't want to spoil it my patrons who
watched the new fanservice Friday which
was our Valentine's Day fanservice
Friday by the way if you guys want to
check it out patreon.com slash Terri
Babcock I think they know what I'm gonna
be doing for you guys this Valentine's
Day but otherwise just wait and see
it'll be great
I fucking love you so much and if you
don't have a Valentine I will be there
for you you're gonna bite me
look at this bundle of joy this is way
better than anything I got in this box
sorry Nina
she's just my precious little baby so
cute
I think F&M is her favorite series of
mine because so many boxes come with it
'if say bye-bye you know mine that it's
not on stable girl she's adorable anyway
happy Friday guys the F&M giveaway will
be open for two weeks I think because
I'm not gonna have an F and M this week
so you have ample time to get your
entries in links to everything including
my new Terra Babcock merch store is down
in the description if you want 10% off
click that link bye why are you biting
me she's biting my thumb why are you why
do you make them baby let's go away this
big-ass book it's bigger than my ass
alright guys moment of truth oh not
heavy enough alright let's try the gram
scale alright guys
moment of truth not you Eve not you 4
pounds and nine point four ounces god
dammit I was wrong
did anyone guess four pounds and nine
point three ounces or 5 pounds you guys
are the victors if you're there
