it's a pretty temperate response for
getting something shoved into your ass
that is like much bigger proportionately
than like any of the dildos that I have
for my asshole your arms like I love my
kid I love my e so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want what's up guys welcome to the
video that I promised you yesterday
about Ian's health and what happened and
why I had to take Eve to the emergency
room last night
it was pretty hectic I actually cried a
little bit I was convinced that she had
we're getting a little ahead of
ourselves but this isn't going to be a
long video I just want you guys to
always be updated because Eva's a huge
part of my life and I share my life with
you guys so therefore I should your easy
lives with you guys or Eve's life I
guess she has live cats have nine lives
I don't know why where that came from
sure there's some kind of etymology that
makes sense there but anyway so last
night Jay and I got home from the gym
and I was getting ready to stream I was
I don't know doing something on the
computer I think I was editing or
something and then I came to the living
room and Jay and I were doing something
in the living room near the kitchen and
I had gotten a new hamper for for the
big walk-in closet because I want a
hamper that's there and then I move the
hamper to the other room and whatever
technical shit I just don't want to have
to like carry clothes in my arms you
know so um the hamper was next to the
island over here let me show you over
here there's like an island everything
is messy or whatever but there's like an
island in the middle of the kitchen
right so she was able to get up on to
the middle island thing because of the
hamper that I put there and I wasn't
thinking anything of it I had the new
maids that we got the Molly maids come
in and clean the house that day and I
don't know what it was I feel like it's
either poisoning or something that I'll
tell you about later that the doctors
found out when we took her but all of a
sudden she had this gurgle in her
stomach like her stomach just kind of
lurched it was one of those like stomach
lurches where it's like oh this is going
to be a burp or it's going to be a vomit
and I was thinking okay
Eva's first vomit or even first hairball
you know and then nothing happened for
like two or three minutes and then all
of a sudden she like looks around like
she
has a parent just terror in her eyes her
ears go back and she starts biting
profusely on her back just like her just
like biting biting her her arm her paw
her front paw biting her tail and just
darting off in like tons of directions
I'm like hey what's wrong with you and
I'm like trying to pet her and she like
she's freaked out at me and she actually
like bites me a little bit and scratches
and just starts darting all over the
house again biting on herself like
really hard and I'm like freaking out
and then all of a sudden she starts
panting a lot and it's not like the
panting that you see when you play with
her I was like premature like why is she
panting with her something inside of her
mouth just like like usually she'll pant
like this like like a dog and it's
really cute if we take her outside in
the middle of the day we can't have her
outside for more than like five minutes
without her starting to pant because
it's over 100 degrees and she has like a
full Maine Coon coat of fur you know and
I was just panicking so I was looking on
my phone for the nearest 24-hour vet and
I called the nearest 24-hour event which
was 13 miles away and I'm thinking with
her darting all around how the fuck am I
going to take her in the car with her
freaking out like is she able to breathe
like what's going on it really freaks me
out and Jay had left uh one of those
little cotton swabs was like alcohol on
the counter so I was thinking either she
somehow had touched that those like
disinfectant wipes that you used to
disinfect like wounds or whatever or she
got into some kind of cleaning chemicals
which didn't make any sense in any like
large amount because I put her in in the
in a different part of the house that
the maids didn't clean I don't have them
cleaning any of my okay so I'll show you
guys in the room tour which I'll be
doing soon but in the other part of the
house there's like an annex de likes to
call it the annex but it's like attached
it's just there's a really long hallway
and then it's my Nintendo room a
bathroom and that bathroom connects to
the other room that's going to be my
other set room for my gaming channel
right and so I put her in there because
there's plenty of room for her to be in
there I turned on the faucet to like it
drips because she really likes playing
with water I don't know why and I loved
some of her toys and her litter box in
there and she has like plushies and you
know she likes to sleep on my Nintendo
chair when I'm not in there which
be so cute if she did while I filmed but
anyway so there's no way that she got
into any substantial amounts of
chemicals so I'm just I'm just freaking
out thinking that she's poisoned or
something's wrong with her and I think
back to okay so since I got Eve I've
been watching as per my parents request
watching my cat from hell because
Jackson galaxy gives a lot of really
good tips and stuff so Jay and I started
watching that it's really formulated
show and can sometimes be cringing but
it does have a lot of really tips on cat
behaviorism and stuff like that so one
of the episodes I remember or - an
episode sexually I remember are the cat
as hyperesthesia episodes and
hyperesthesia is like a not very well
known disease I don't know they don't
even know if it's a disease of the mind
or just some kind of hyperactivity in
the back muscles of the cat but the the
back muscles of the cat and other areas
of the cat will Ripple
and for some reason that just makes the
cat hallucinate and think that there's
something attacking them and he was
exhibiting all these behaviors that I
saw in those episode so I was thinking
fuck and this is a really rare thing -
it's like it's not common and it's more
common in Siamese cats or Persian cats
and she's neither of those so I was just
thinking like it was heartbreaking to
see her act like that to see her freak
out like that to see her unable to stop
running around and panting and things so
we took her to the vet on the way there
she was so just a quiet serene little
kitten laying in my lap and this happens
for some reason she has a huge
personality if you guys have seen any of
my videos of her on Instagram or here I
posted one or two and she's always in my
videos like she's crazy at home but when
you take her out to like a vet she's the
most well behaved kitten like I remember
the first time at our regular vet they
were checking her temperature because
only way to check the cat's temperature
is rectally that's the only good way you
can't do it in the ear like you can with
us and she was just like and like I said
that's a pretty it's a pretty temperate
response for getting something shoved
into your ass that is like much bigger
proportionately than like any of the
dildos that I have for my ass holding
arms like so um I was just like wow this
cats so well behaved when she's not at
home she's such a good girl and
she would look good girl anytime you
take her out of the house but so on the
way there it was pretty normal that she
was acting very de mujer and stuff and
there was only one or two attacks of her
like biting a little bit like biting
herself not biting me in the car her
like freaking out like what the fuck is
that
and she wasn't running around the car or
anything so it was easy to take her
there I was freaking out and um they
they did a basic physical and that
initially just cost him her but just a
flat $100 rate for checking the cat and
I was actually finding on the on the
phone I think I just sectioned off so I
was on the phone with the people saying
sure to bring the cat in and like some
chick was telling me oh there's a closer
place so they turned they're
transferring me to the closer place and
while their transfer me is transferring
man listening to the fucking elevator
music and I'm like oh my god they just
fucking hurry like my cats dying I don't
know what the fuck to do and I'm like Oh
what do I do I look at like if anything
happens to evolve early kill myself like
I don't know what to do so they finally
transfer me over and the girl on the
plastic well you can just section there
obtuse my repair that happen you can
just watch him it oh yeah and I'm like
no I want to take her in this is not her
personality I know my cat very well this
is not normal and she's like oh yeah
it's good any ahead to dad okay and I'm
just like someone already suspicion like
you guys are on fucking on for for
whatever the fuck afternoon right like
I'm coming so we get down there and they
do the physical and they say that she's
fine there's nothing wrong with her
she's chillin the nurse saw that she was
doing a little bit of that behavior but
she didn't really see the full breadth
of it because as I said when he was not
in her comfort zone when she's not in
her territory she's very very she's a
good cat she's a very shy good cat
so um she comes in and she says it could
be one of many things there are a bunch
of things that mimic hyperesthesia but
it's looking you know what you're saying
it sounds like a Thai prestigio or
whatever and I'm just like oh god and
then she tells me that we can do x-rays
they we can do blood work or blood work
blood work is going to be a hundred and
fifty dollars and x-rays are going to be
two fifty or something like that and I
was like
I talked to Jay a little bit and I was
like you know what the peace of mind is
good
the second opinion is good if we have to
do this with our regular vet it's going
to be good to have this information on
her so we do it and we sit there and
we're waiting for a whole like 45
minutes just sitting there Jay and I
together we don't get to be in there
with even I'm very cynical of people in
general and I'm also very cynical of
that if you heard what happened to
Sniper Wolf dog I feel like that was
that malpractice something that happened
with my last cat or my mom's last cat
climber something with his bladder
happened that was like seems very shady
and I just feel like I don't know I
don't know how much I trust vets I don't
trust real medical professionals so I
don't really trust vets and I know that
I'm not going to get the protection of
Yves life because the world does not see
animals as equal to humans so if
anything happens to her I'm not going to
get the support or the court's support
and it's just going to be good another
loss to the cat life who cares
what it means the world to me so I'm
cynical and I don't trust and so I'm
freaking out the whole time she comes in
with the x-rays and it's so cute I have
little eve x-rays I'll show you guys the
x-rays also like some pictures while I'm
talking similar to what I did when I got
my MRI brain scan so cute one of the
issues was that Eve had a few kernels of
what seemed to be mineral deposits in
her stomach which is not weird
we used clay cat litter and she
sometimes eats random stuff off the
floor but she didn't say that that
seemed to be a big issue one thing that
she did see in the exam was that Eve's
anal sacs like the sex that cats have
extra anal sacs that they express when
they poop and they also express it in
order to mark their territory it's like
a foul smell that makes other cats know
that Katherine in the area and she was
having impacted anal sacs like she
wasn't able to express them easily and
she's also a little bit constipated
possibly she had a lot of fecal matter
in her colon and you can see that in the
x-rays and stuff and it was pushing on
her I think it was her liver a little
bit but the vet thought that might be
normal if she had just eaten which he
had even has been not eating as much but
just by a small margin
and she also likes to play in her litter
box a little bit which is weird so all
these things kind of line up to her
being constipated or her having impacted
anal sacs we started feeling better
because at the vet the whole time she
was very calm but then we bring her home
and she's exhibiting the same behavior
and I'm just like reading online and the
first thing you see about like cat
running around and scratching if you
google is that the cat hyperesthesia and
there's no cure to that it's a lifelong
disease and the thought of having Eve be
so uncomfortable and so tormented for
her entire life you know there are
things to help like mitigate the the
impact it has on her life just it made
me cry like the idea of her not being
happy and healthy and the first like
once she got home those episodes she was
not the same even all like she didn't
anyone look like she registered who we
were she was running around freaking out
and if I try to approach her she's like
she gets even more terrified and she was
just being like she was on the back of
the couch here and she was more
interested in scratching than she wasn't
balancing it she was like almost falling
off the couch and just darting around
getting it like it really it was
heartbreaking to watch honestly and I
actually took some video footage of it
when it wasn't as bad afterwards and so
I might post that in here while I'm
talking to you guys but she seems to be
better which is good and I'm feeling
like it was just impacted impacted anal
sacs and a little bit of constipation
and she didn't know how to deal with it
so she was scratching she was scratching
primarily and biting primarily her butt
which looking more online actually
looking for impacted anal sex it does
seem like that is a symptom her acting
like she has hyperesthesia I'm really
hoping that she doesn't but I'll be
taking her to my to our regular vet soon
to just get another another opinion
another checkup and talk about what we
saw and I'll bring in the the x-rays and
stuff but I'm glad I got her x-rays it
was totally worth $500 that I paid and
after that it was about 4:00 a.m. when I
called the vet to because she had a bald
spot on her back
ha and I was like the best did she just
like eat off all of her hair and they're
like oh no no no we have to shave her to
take her blood or whatever and I'm like
oh okay
and she's still freaking out she's still
running around the house and Jay and I
were like let's just go to bed so he put
her in bed and she's just conked out
like in a way that she's like
unresponsive to me being like and Jay
like don't wake her up don't wake her up
she's probably exhausted she just went
through all of these exhausted tests and
she was like poked and prodded and she's
having these issues like with her anal
glands what let's just let her sleep and
she was left on the bed the entire night
which is not her normal mo usually
she'll go onto the bed to sleep the
first time I wake up to go pee she'll
meet me in the bathroom and then she'll
drown out until I pick her up and take
her to bed and then she'll fall asleep
in my arms which is it's just the cutest
routine ever but this time she's like
sprawled out like on the bed just
chillin the entire night and the next
morning she is exhibiting a little bit
of that behavior she goes into the
litter box she poops Jay cleans the
litter box and I haven't seen her do any
of the like seriously concerning
behavior there's a little bit of her
running around but I can't tell if
that's just normal Eve but she was
purring again which I couldn't get her
to do last night and it looks like she
is back to her personality look the
reason I love her so much she's like the
perfect cat for me if she has such a
great personality and it it was really
concerning to say the least to see her
not acting herself and not being happy
and not being the eve that I know so I
just want to keep you guys updated if
anything new comes up I will let you
guys know but as far as this video as
far as right now in this time she's she
is being normal
and I love that I love that she's okay
now I know you thanks for watching guys
I'll have more evideos for in-between
upload days and stuff occasionally but
she got some stuff in F&M that she was
really enjoying it's funny because she
was really dehydrated yesterday and that
was one of the other symptoms that she
had and now she has this cute little
it's really cute
I got an FM if you watch them SNM
yesterday you
I've seen this but that's what it looks
like it's a little fountain and she
actually really she's fascinated what oh
my god how did you get this ball out is
she's so fucking smart I love my kid I
love my he thanks for watching guys I'll
see you in the next video I'll see you
tomorrow for the sex story I think if
not fucking faves which I don't think a
lot of time to edit so it'll probably be
the sex story like it
