oh my god I may get a flag for hate
speech now so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want hey guys welcome to the episode of
Friday night mail I would like to start
off this video by giving you your weekly
dose of affirmations that you guys are
fucking awesome I really appreciate all
the support all the questions all of you
guys entering my giveaway following my
social media especially Instagram and
twitch and rather YouTube channel which
I haven't been keeping up with since I
moved but I will get back onto that
games train it is hard when you're
trying to settle in to have two channels
and twitch channel but I just want to
let you guys know that I appreciate
every single thing that you do with
regards to me in my content supporting
me asking questions just everything you
don't have to agree with me in order to
get my appreciation thank you moving on
as promised we have last week's giveaway
winner which is Sasha Pia
congratulations
Sasha Pia that burp was for you and this
week's giveaway winner goes by the
pseudonym Dragons Knight like que ni gh
to you
congratulations dragons Knight if you
haven't already check your email
if you guys want to sign up for this
week's giveaway link as always is in the
top of the description right there it'll
say like SNM giveaway oh it is for $25
Amazon gift card I've been spending a
lot of money so we're still going to go
to $25 Amazon gift card
things might get juicier as time goes on
and my financial situation becomes more
stable all right guys we have three
questions this week from the audience
which I fuckin love by the way more
accurately two questions and one
scenario by the way if you hear any
weird background noises even going crazy
right now I actually had to take her to
the 24-hour emergency care last night
I'm going to do a blab vlog on it but it
seems like she's okay now very very
scary shit holy fuck and as long as it's
not currently affecting her health in a
visible way and she's in any danger
which she's not we're going to power
through and have fun with mmm sorry -
sorry - worse in the mood I'll let you
guys know soon what's going on there or
Bammer says question what do you think
about nipples parenthesis male and
female I like male nipples even though
they have no actual biological use and
are formed in the womb before the
fetuses gonads become male or female
that's a really rough description look
it up if you want the actual scientific
description and I think they're really
cute when they're on men on women I like
average
nipples that are proportionate with the
boob so something that might fit in my
boobs that RF might not or actually
won't fit or look good in my opinion as
per my aesthetic on a girl who has a or
b cups i like a specific proportion
nipples are cool sucking on them is fun
next honor plus one says scenario you
have a crush on a girlfriend's boyfriend
he comes on to you what do you do okay
so I have a video coming out I think
some day if not sometime next week and
it's a new sex story about how I was
sitting on a married man
I believe that philosophically in a
situation where I don't know the wife
and I'm interested in the man that it's
free game for me to go after him and if
he chooses to break the bonds of
marriage and go against the sanctity of
his contractual relationship with his
wife that's his problem
I didn't make any contracts with these
people I happen to be single now if I'm
friends with the wife I'm not going to
touch him even if I'm like totally into
him I might push a little bit for some
kind of threesome or something but since
I did enter into a friendship contract
with the girl and I care about my
friends and I don't want to hurt her
feelings because I know her and care
about her I wouldn't fuck with her
boyfriend without permission it's funny
cuz I actually know quite a few women
who are married or have a boyfriend who
would totally have a threesome with me
you guys are awesome if a man is willing
to cheat on his wife he's made that
decision on his own and I feel like it's
kind of important for the wife to know
that he would do that a lot of people
are morally opposed to this but that's
just how I see it with lis exclamation
mark exclamation mark exclamation mark
exclamation mark I love you squizzle you
have the best questions question this is
kind of sad but my friend recently got
raped I know where the rapist lives so
me and my friends devised a plan to
scare the fuck out of him or may even
beat him what are your opinions on that
I would say it let the courts handle it
let the cops and Luol handle it we do
not live in a rape culture rapists are
punished with the exception of times
that there's no actual hard evidence if
there's no hard evidence then I know you
believe your friend I would believe my
friends I would be pissed too I would be
protective of my friends I understand
that emotion you need to think logically
and rationally here there is a small
chance that she's lying or that she's
just embarrassed about the sex that she
has and there's a huge chance you get in
trouble and ruin your own life if you
take the matters into your own hands
encourage her to file a report encourage
her to go get a rape kit encourage her
to bring any evidence that she has
forward so that the person
be tried and prosecuted to the fullest
extent of the law I know you want to be
a vigilante especially for someone you
care about but it's only going to cause
more problems you are not judged during
an executioner and it's not guilty
before proven innocence even though it
might be in your mind where that happens
to involve your friend that you care
about I get that I get the
protectiveness don't do it though trust
me all right that's it if you guys have
any questions please post in the
comments I love answering you guys's
questions it's one of my favorite parts
of this my other favorite part is
opening boxes and packages from you guys
I got a letter from Zoey a letter from
Melanie and a package from my mom along
with like four really huge boxes I think
what we should first do was open the
package from my mom and then we can do
these box cutter from Demi thanks mom
for sending me this I know she's sending
me something I left in dad's car when we
moved but she also says there's like a
bunch of stuff in there so I'm excited
okay first thing oh I love this ducky I
had this uh key in all different sizes I
think this is from Phillips fair if you
guys have ever lived in the Seattle area
the Pulitzer is like the state fair kind
of Wade his name was waged where are my
big Wade this is so cute I really
appreciate it I'm slowly going to get
all all of my plushies from their house
I swear plaids carrying case this is the
thing that I left in dad's car it in
there Vlad uh so I talked recently about
how I left a lot of my n64 games in my
parents house my mom found some for me
thank you mom this is pokemon stadium
loved this game and this is Yoshi's
Story Yoshi's sorry if you guys played
either of these games post in the
comments such good games what is this oh
shit it's got some art from my parents
friend Mike it's a space and time are
very close friends and this was made in
was at 77 space permeates time the way
we permeate our dreams and reality
without bruising a moment okay so this
has special significance to me because
this was my favorite friend of my
parents's and he recently passed away
after complications with diabetes I was
going to make a video on death recently
because so many influential people Chris
Cornell Chester Bennington and then my
parents friend Mike died and it's sad
and I wanted something to remember him
by so I really appreciate you sending
this to me mom seriously it's amazing
just to share a few moments about Mike's
life with you guys he and I used to make
fun of each other I liked making fun of
people and I like people who can take
jokes he was a very weird and odd guy
who collected like old movies he loved
like horror figurines and stuff from
like the oldest like Black Lagoon Night
of the Living Dead and he made this
really really amazing artwork he was an
artist and also worked with my mom he
would come over to our house we would
have pizza but I mostly liked going over
to his house even though outside of his
house is like overgrown with trees and
stuff and there was those little jumping
spiders that we didn't have over where I
lived and they would like oh they were
everywhere we would play the Wii at his
house we would hang out it was really
cool and I just remember him being so
talented so funny and he actually got my
sense of humor
so RIT Mike you will be missed I
appreciate your weird demeanor and very
artistic way of looking at life also all
the Halloween decorations you quickly
penned up for my parents over the years
they go hard on Halloween it looks like
we have something else in the bus all
right so we've got super mario 64 this
is where in my opinion the Mario
franchise went downhill I like super
mario 64 but I strongly prefer 2d Mario
games like strongly also we have Donkey
Kong 64 honestly actually like Donkey
Kong 64 even though the intros like
really cringey thank you mom this was a
great package oh there's one more thing
we've got cotton swabs for my face I
actually use these every day actually is
micellar water on my face every night to
take off the makeup and to just kind of
hydrate my face it's really dry here in
Vegas oh my god yeah thank you mom
alright we're going to get into the
little thing
so the first one we have is from
Melanie's Oh Tara
it says Tara once upon a time a girl
named Melanie was routinely browsing
through social media influencers who she
deemed the lucky they always stared back
from the screen with beauty she admired
and she'd sigh
so Harry accepting that would never be
her reality unexpectedly she stumbled
across an unapologetic beauty she was
golden shiny and curvy in all the right
places the golden Muse uh turd a book I
dropped something the golden muse uh
turd a phrase that changed her life but
let's paraphrase since Melanie's memory
is not to be trusted
ascetic is something I work for and I
like the fact that I can always improve
myself based on my standards of beauty a
light bulb went off in Melanie's head
and realizing news was both entertaining
and beautiful she binge and bandaged on
muses contents slowly the girl created
goals and
changed yourself little by little to
become the best version of herself Tara
I'm talking in third person and it's
cringy but I wanted to repeat for the
hundredth time how grateful I am to you
for being you do not ever change I adore
you Melanie Melanie every F&M I just
further want to express how much I want
to bend you over and spank you and
cuddle you at the same time for being so
exquisitely beautiful and also eternally
fucking sweet sweet in the cringes and
best way thank you also you're hot this
is from Zooey one of my favorite people
as you can see right here we've got the
Pikachu stickers which I'm actually
quite shocked that she's spared she's
like on a Pikachu frenzy right now I
need to find my pokemon cards and Center
my Pikachu's oh my god compute code she
told me about this I hope you enjoyed
this new card and thank you for the gift
I love you and Eve love Zoe thank you
very
Oh Mew is only eight point eight pounds
thank you all add this to my collection
I'll send you some of mine once I find
them okay the next thing we have is this
this is from Selena all Selena sent me
something what did she send me oh my god
if you guys don't know Selena is the
person who makes all of my little cute
gaming-related choker bead art things oh
so good and again I want to show you her
packaging if you guys want to check out
Selena's work I highly recommend it oh
my god so durable so beautiful so nerdy
and she's looking gorgeous by the way
her Instagram and her Etsy store will be
down in the description and she really
goes above and beyond with the packaging
it's adorable it's a gift from Demi Demi
so sweet
oh my god it's a mucho girl this goes so
well with my new Pokemon card I feel
like you guys are in cahoots oh I kind
of get this one like immediately and I
did not know about this I swear but oh
my god it even matches my outfit right
now look at this and this and this and
this Demi Zoe Selena oh my god mom
thank you damn you're so sweet she gets
me box cutters she gets me sexy jewelry
what more can you want in a woman other
than a voluptuous booty okay this is
like the last small one oh it's from
Donald hi Tara I thought you and Jay
could use this now that you have a house
he has plenty of room for these things
you always talk so fondly about the
impatient woman guide to getting
pregnant what to do when you want to be
pregnant yesterday and you don't have
any time to waste
sex
the other day during the fertile period
we'll work almost as well in terms of
getting pregnant but if you'd rather
indulge every night go for it
100% agree with this book we're in this
book does it talk about the feminist
ideology you can go ahead and trick a
man into getting pregnant getting you
pregnant while asking for child support
I will use this as the anti gospel and
not do all of these things in order to
not get pregnant fast shown back of text
it's a poster live the life you've
always dreamt of be fearless in the face
of adversity never stop learning
use your imagination whenever possible
recognize the beauty that surrounds you
it says be you also remember where you
came from but never lose sight of where
you're going I love it
you guys are like decorating my house
it's great testicles like eggs or like
someone farted maybe part of being you
is farting into my box
I love box farts oh yeah John thank you
for what I love you oh shit we've got
cat its design playin scratch I bet this
is some rubber Tom because rubber tongue
said he was going to spoil Eve lovely
LMT make Queen Eve love to drink the
water from this water fountain
Oh wonderful LMT I really hope Queen Eve
likes these balls as much as you like
ball rubber tongue don't presume to know
anything about what I like dear LM tea
I'm sure Queen Eve would like to scratch
a bit and play so that's this one
scratching a bit and plain we've got
this one I think it's the cat it a water
fountain oh it is I was going Jay we
should buy this one but we didn't got
the little flower on top she's been so
thirsty lately especially with the issue
that she had yesterday I can't wait to
tell you guys it's been really stressful
like I didn't get any sleep last night
so I took a nap before I did this I was
in terrible spirits until I woke up this
morning and she was doing better and I'm
just like something happened to that cat
like $500 or thousands of dollars in
some kind of surgery if she needed it
would be easy to do and this is the cat
it fireball and there's a picture of a
little fuzzy kitten also what I love
about these boxes that you get to like
cut holes in them and then Eve will
stick her cute little head out it's so
fucking cute I love cat it boxes I
highly recommend cat it toys for cat
what I affectionately call cat
it's alright we have two more boxes okay
now that we're further into the video I
want to know if anyone noticed that I
have more hair I got taping hair
extensions for the first time I used to
be against hair extensions for me
personally because I just thought it was
kind of weird and it was really bad for
your hair and I would never want to
damage my hair also I don't like the way
it looks when girls have really short
hair and then they get it to elongate
their hair but for me I just wanted
thicker braids now that I'm crazy about
braids I wanted to Cass braids and now I
have two gasps braids so one up for self
improvement and changing your mind
angel sauce white bath tissue okay a
hundred percent is from donald's but
there is no note in here Donald how did
you know I was running out of toilet
paper after I posted that Instagram
video which I'm going to find in post
here right now
which I'm sure is the creative idea
behind this I use the blog Arduino paper
in a bout of explosive diarrhea I'm just
kidding but you shopping for me for
essentials makes me happy
48 rolls bath tissue the last one guys
oh shit amazing LMT hopefully queenie
will have the most pleasant dreams when
sleep well in this mouse bed it's like a
bed that looks like a mouse and the eyes
of the mouse are like two little things
with the cat can play with I feel like
if the cat understood that this was
supposed to look like a mouse the cat
would be really freaked out the cat
would be like why the fuck am i sleeping
inside of a mouse this is my prey I like
it I like it I think Eve's gonna like it
guys we've got to open the Angel Soft
just for good measure
oh it also has a scratching post in the
song oh my oh my oh my oh my oh wow four
of these things full of toilet paper and
I think for good measures we can use one
roll to TP my cells
why not right why not oh man just be so
pissed
thank you so much guys for supporting
the channel and for being so grateful
grateful grace
oh it broke off what the fuck all of the
kind words all the critical words that
make me think oh god my nose it just so
much all of the stuff that makes me not
have to wear this wonderful toilet paper
his job oh my god I'm gonna get a flag
for hate speech now because I'm wearing
toilet paper job here we go people are
going to be like that's insensitive you
can undo anything zero but my tips need
to still be out this is this is the
beauty of the job you can't see my face
which is like totally sexy or something
I can see the dust from the toilet paper
just flying around this cannot be good
cannot be good for my lungs it's very
soft I'll admit Thank You Donald thank
you everyone who contributed to this
video I really appreciate it you guys
are the fucking best I love you so much
I hope you guys have a wonderful weekend
fanservice Friday's up right now on my
patreon Wilson in between week I will
have a video tomorrow because I'm going
to go make it right now talking about
what happened with Eve yesterday
guys are interested I also have the sex
story about the married magic nerd
coming out and a fucking favorites video
a sex ed about flirting and what else
oh yeah I'm going to make a video about
controversial people I would sleep with
like the video and subscribe to the
channel do you enjoyed sign up for the
giveaway and post questions let's start
off with question like Dwight truth and
I might answer your question in the next
week's F&M and if you want to send me
anything letters anything at all within
reason
IPO boxes down in the description love
you and I'll see you next week
mwah oh yeah now we can go to some video
be playing with her new toys cuz why not
oh she's so cute
you
you
