after all what's so bad about being a
slut and you're damn well know I'd be
sucking lots of dicks and fucking lots
of pussies with my fake fucking strap-on
or whatever the goddamn shit I have so
who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a new video today we're going
to talk about sex this I don't want to
propose an idea as to why so many people
think that it's okay to slut-shame or
why sex is such a big deal
or why there's so few people who think
that sex is a taboo isn't something you
should hide that their sexuality might
be dirty shameful nasty all the bad
adjectives and honestly it's a very
simple idea I think that people take
themselves too seriously
and in turn take sex - curiously let me
try to explain what I mean but first I
want to add a little disclaimer in there
as someone who likes to speak as much
knowledge in conversation as possible as
someone who loves to philosophize I
always want to be free to talk about and
share my ideas with you guys at the same
time as a libertarian if you are
enjoying the fact that sex is so taboo
and that makes it harder for you is
having a very limited number of partners
and experiences and sex in your lifetime
is something that makes you happy go
ahead and do that I am only here to make
you think and to offer you alternative
argument this is something I geek out
about talking about this stuff and if I
can combine it with sex all the fucking
better
so I find it kind of cringe you when
people take themselves too seriously
it's just something that makes me
teardrop on my head like a Japanese
anime because when you think about it we
are such small and significant organisms
everyone is going through similar stuff
and has their own story and while I do
understand that since we're only inside
of ourselves it is a little bit hard to
not feel like the world revolves around
us sometimes or the things that happen
to us are catastrophic
unique or a bigger deal than they are
that makes sense to me I get that but it
still makes me cringe our personal moral
codes our society and the way we live
isn't really that big of a deal it's not
a fact it's not objective truth and when
I see people taking things to heart
little mantras they learned growing up
from their parents or from older
generations things like the first person
you have sex with needs to be a very
very important and special person to you
or that it's a big deal that you might
have slept with someone that you regret
sleeping with or that someone might have
seen your nude
audience Oh toes especially when they're
adults it kind of invokes that whole
feeling that a lot of us get when we
watch a teenager overreact to something
social come on now the world's bigger
than your high school you'll get over it
and it will be nothing once you're an
adult that's kind of how I feel about
the modern person and their view on sex
in its very basic form sex is just a
biological imperative to further our
species I know most of my philosophies
go against our biological imperatives
because I don't want to have kids I
don't want to settle down and mother
some man's genetics and offsprings
that's just not what I want to do and I
feel like the fact that we have logic
and reason on our sides as higher beings
as human means that we don't really have
to adhere to those biological codes
anymore we can make choices we still
have these instincts to do these things
we can apply logic and reason to them
and decide what's best for us or what
makes us most happy in the past what
makes us most happy would be just
hunting gathering nurturing so anyway
let's zero on the idea the first idea
that I brought up that the first person
you have sex with has to be a special
experience and why I feel like this is
harmful to the idea of sexual freedom
and sexual liberation and overall just
having more sex and more fun which is
something that's very important to me
and I think a lot of other people crave
as well but they're worried about the
social backlash from it so why does our
first time have to be so special and
what kind of unrealistic standards are
we holding ourselves to for that first
time I mean let's face it if we have our
first time when we're younger in our
teens or early 20s like most of the
world not only have we not had any
sexual experience prior but we haven't
had much life experience so to expect
something other than mediocrity or maybe
even complete and utter awkwardness is a
little bit too much this leads people to
be shy anxious to avoid getting into
these relationships to avoid going all
the way when they want to when they feel
like they're ready simply because they
have unrealistic expectations of how the
first time is supposed to be now coming
from the standpoint that I do where sex
is healthy and should be explored and
your body and your partner's body is a
fucking playground this just seems
counterintuitive to me most of the
people I've talked to had terrible first
experiences and I'm sure most of the
reason is because it's not a realistic
standard to set on yourself that the
first time should be amazing and with
the person that you are with for the
rest of your life or someone who really
means something to you again
and I hate that I have to harp on this
but as I said in the beginning of the
video if you want to wait if you don't
feel ready don't do it I'm simply
challenging the notion that there's some
kind of imperative societal expectations
but there's something wrong with you if
you don't wait or if you don't find your
first time special I myself don't
remember my first time that well I just
remember instigating it and wanting to
do it I don't have any regrets in the
person that I chose to sleep with the
first time granted that person was a
good choice because he was a boyfriend
of a long time and probably one of the
nicest guys I've ever dated but I don't
think I would have if it was a total
disaster either it's just sex it's a few
minutes to an hour of your life that
either feels good or doesn't and you
move on from it but a lot of people in
society can't move on from bad sexual
experiences because they put way too
much weight on it if sex is looked at
something that's not that big of a deal
something that we all do and something
that we all enjoy something that's
normal
there wouldn't be any slut-shaming I
think the reason there's a
disproportionate amount of slut-shaming
to women and not to men is simply
because of our sexual dimorphism women
are supposed to take care of the babies
settle down whereas men are supposed to
go populate their seed onto like as many
women as possible to further their
genetic code so a woman who is sleeping
around and not settling down and taking
care of offspring is seen as a bad thing
but as I've said before we don't have to
follow our biology anymore we can do
things that actually make us happy so if
a woman wants to have a lot of sex for
whatever reason that's her choice and
there's nothing logically wrong with
that now let's look at the logic that
some people try to throw at people about
why flooding around is bad or why they
prefer a virgin even though a woman who
has more experience in bed will probably
give better heads no some tricks that
you don't and be able to teach you a few
things all things that are pluses so the
first thing you hear is sluts or people
who sleep around a lot have a lot of
STDs now sure if you're having
unprotected unsafe sex you're not
getting checked and you're not taking
care of your health that is totally a
possibility but no one's scoffs is the
notion of someone eating a bunch of
cheeseburgers if that person is in a
healthy weight range same should be said
for sex
if the girl is clean taking care of
herself it shouldn't really matter what
she does sexually most people who engage
in sex with a healthy mindset they're
taking care of their health
so STD shouldn't be a problem and if
STDs were such a problem and that was
the only reason we wouldn't be braiding
putting down and shaming people who are
in the sex industry like porn stars porn
stars are by far the cleanest people
a majority of the porn stars even some
of the ones that aren't browsers level
has to get tested every week best
provide proof of their cleanliness they
douche they wash down there you have a
much lower chance of getting an STD from
a random porn star then a girl you met
at a bar who slept with 10 or less
people not only is that the law for them
to get tested and to be clean they know
a lot of tips and tricks that the
average folks do not my hypothesis for
why people care so much about whether
someone's had a lot of other partners
always thirsty it's pure narcissism and
ego the man doesn't want the other woman
to ever have had another man because
that makes him feel special cool like he
is her whole world
it's an insecurity thing it's an ego
thing it's a territorial thing it is by
no means a rational thing correct me if
I'm wrong I'm just so thirsty
with women is often a territorial thing
two women are very competitive with
other women at the same time and at a
higher rate than men it's an insecurity
issue either stop it fucking rolling a
screw around my ring lights like falling
apart on its own people who don't allow
other people to look at to admire or to
find sexy their partner are very
insecure in their relationship and their
ability to keep their partner women who
get territorial that their man is even
talking to another woman men who get
pissed off because another man is
checking out their woman this is the
same principle and this is the reason
that monogamy other than the fact that
it's just a social norm and it's really
hard to break out of social norms for
some people it's still so prevalent
again just my theory but it seems like a
lot of people are hiding behind this
outdated tradition and social norm just
because they wouldn't be able to stand
emotionally the idea of their
significant other not being their
property basically enter into the social
contract and Prada shall only be mine
and mine forever even though we all find
other people attractive and one I have a
lot of sex I've talked about monogamy a
lot in other videos so we'll kind of
stray away from that but I've always
just thought it was kind of funny to be
like my man my girl
when it goes beyond the cute pet name
sentiment and actually turns into
something of jealousy insecurity rage to
meet us dysfunctional it's really weird
that it's normed so another point I'd
like to make the idea that one's body is
a palace that only a few people get to
experience this is another one of the
ideas that I am also
one of the reasons why I don't do porn
one of the many many reasons and again
it has something to do with porn stars
love porn and porn stars how
narcissistic is it to act as though even
though we were put on this planet to
procreate that we are so special that we
should be so choosy with who we have sex
with just a question
I am also choosy with who I have sex
with but at the same time the reason why
I will lower my standards the reason why
I have that rapist attractive category
or the reason why I might have sex with
people who are only intellectually
stimulating to me and not as much
physically stimulating as long as
they're not discussing and passed some
threshold of physical attractiveness is
because while I like to be exclusive and
I like to play up on the fetish that I
am some kind of unattainable person that
only a few people get to experience I am
well aware how narcissistic that sounds
and everyone is like that sometimes
really just think about the idea and
I've mentioned this before of just like
having sex with your friends you're
hanging out with a group of friends shit
go down stuff happen it was a fun and
interesting experience you may never do
it again
or you may end up doing it often and
just having a fuck buddy relationship I
like to entertain that notion I like to
entertain the notion of having sex with
professional acquaintances or really
really good friends who I never thought
of that way just having a friend who I
don't find repulsive and we can just
have a slight each other's needs like so
many people are so repulsed or taken
aback by that idea because so many
people think that casual sex is
something to be demonized I know a lot
of my hedonistic and nihilistic ideas
sometimes rub people the wrong way and a
lot of people think this is just the
downfall of society no moral code how
can you be a moral nihilist the world
will just go to shit and everyone will
be fucking raping killing and murdering
to their own personal gain but honestly
I don't do that I enjoy my life but
there are still laws I have to follow in
order to fit into society I think that
and the intrinsic value of making
yourself feel better by making others
feel better while every deed is still a
little bit selfish that's what makes the
world go round it makes people feel good
to have good deeds brought upon them I
guess rot is a bad word here and to give
out good deed well I don't believe in
karma
any kind I do believe in paying it
forward because you can see the visual
effects and being nice to someone and
then that person being in a better mood
and being nice to someone else has I
don't do it for any karmic giving back I
don't do it to better the world or to
talk up my strong sense of morality
because honestly I don't have one but
people want to at their core at least in
some way be good people there's no
reason to sugarcoat it and say that
things aren't selfish or to demonize
certain acts because otherwise it's just
going to be a slippery slope fallacy all
the way to destruction and anarchy I
will always be at the opinion that sex
is healthy it's natural do whatever you
want with your body and you should stop
judging other people for doing what they
want with their if you want to judge
question and do whatever you will that's
fine but as a libertarian I take issue
with anyone actually impeding the
happiness of someone else in a very
direct way I don't get mad when people
call me a slut and say I shouldn't do
things or I need Jesus or whatever but
you damn well know I'm going to defend
my rights
oh yeah after all what's so bad about
being a slut it's liberating it's
awesome and I'm saying this as a person
who isn't really a slut I may look like
one but I mean I don't have a lot of
casual sex I have some casual sex I'm
very Pro casual sex but it's rare that
anyone actually gets through the vetting
process that I have very personal one
and it's rare the thing is line up
correctly I mean I have to avoid all the
people who are going to get attached
emotionally how drama I'm kind of lazy
and a shut-in and all of these things
impede me having casual sex but I can
definitely see myself being thrust into
a different lifestyle where I have more
opportunities to have sex with a bunch
of people or have people over in my
house all the time
and you're damn well know I'd be sucking
lots of dicks and fucking lots of
pussies who's my fake fucking strap-on
or whatever the goddamn shit I have
anyway I hope this video makes you think
I'd love to hear your responses in the
comments why so much is the first time
so important is not being labeled a slut
so important why is your body such a
temple why should it be so restricted
and not catered to with all the fingers
dicks and tongues and otherwise Eve I
just feel like people are far too
wrapped up in social status and social
standing and the ideas and opinions of
others and so many people just don't
even think outside the box on issues
they're just kind of raised a certain
way in
that's how they say forever and they'll
Bohemian Li argue for it with nothing
objected to back them up other than the
fact that it was drilled into their
brains at a certain point in their lives
I have a vast amount of respect for
someone who can listen to an opposing
opinion and not just immediately trigger
that emotional response and act on that
emotional response with the ad homonyms
in the comments somebody who can
actually think and process different
perspectives even if they don't turn to
agree or change their minds I don't care
about that I just want to talk about
things that interests me and I hope you
guys enjoy listening especially when
it's about sex let me have you thanks
post in the comments if you like my
channel please subscribe like that video
and oh my god it's so annoying to have
wide hips like look at this it just
rolls back up do any girls have this
problem I swear I love you guys see in
the next video what oh god guys I was
just supposed to leave the filming room
I was like picking up all my stuff and I
thought about this really retarded quote
and I have to share it with you guys and
I don't want to share it in an actual
video where it just rolls off my tongue
I'm like oh yeah I'm so clever in jali
clever
what's biological might not be logical
I'm a genius I'm a poet I'm out
