I'm so advertiser friendly just me
there's no I hate that person so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want
hey guys welcome to new episode of shit
Tara says this is the best one by far
simply because the ending oh my god
actually almost cried it was really cool
so Nicholas else Tosh and OB both of
their links will be in the description
are the creators of this episode and
they did such an amazing job it was so
hilarious and at the end as cringy and
as masturbatory it fell it's the
sweetest thing that anyone's ever done
for me they actually got a bunch of my
viewers people who have become my
friends over the years say cute little
things in a video for me and it's like a
compilation of it and just like oh my
god and then Nick and over you wanted me
to watch it live on stream with them and
I think that's the closest I've ever
come to somebody making me cry out of
sweetness and because of that I just
want to thank Nick and Obie for doing
such an amazing job everyone else in the
video for almost making me cry it
actually is a feat Pat yourselves on the
back and for overall just being so
fucking supportive beyond imagination I
never thought I would have such a
wonderful family and I never thought I
would have such awesome people making
terrible terrible out-of-context
compilations that make me laugh at
myself I hope you guys enjoy again Nick
Adobe's links will be in the description
they're both content creators thanks
guys
mwah oh my god I totally forgot this
video has some on point acting by Jay
then I didn't know about also watch it
so good okay now video what is up boys
and girls today we're going to pay a
special tribute or homage if you will to
the lovely and talented Tara Babcock and
wait what Tara Babcock I remember
hanging out with her down in Charlie
with Timmy Turner
but wait isn't his name Toby it doesn't
matter what fuck his name is that bitch
put angel dust in mom we don't you know
I was running down Crenshaw Boulevard at
3 a.m. in my under
and I don't wear underpants
but first I'm gonna put back on this
shirt because otherwise we topless which
I'm sure some of you guys won't mind but
you know we're trying to keep this
family friendly as it says in the tags
of all of my videos I am very
family-friendly I mean I don't cut
insert bullet in the head fuck no
fucking puppet comedy I'd rather die
fuck you I hate you watch her family and
shit up to you this fucking drop slut
he's just like the most brain-dead
fucking imbecile in the world so I'm
like ah I talk about our Lord and Savior
Jesus Christ and this Jesus Christ who
was probably just a fucking psychopath
obviously I really don't like super
religious people and as us that have
never had a really religious friend
don't celebrate something just because
you know some fucking Jesus was reborn
or born first or you know you know had
his first shit or where the fuck is
going on not only that by being
inclusive I exclude anyone who feels
their sexuality is okay and not shameful
oh man what if I can never imagine being
a guy who turns into a girl and I'm a
guy and I'm like oh that's so fucking
weird to me thought of me or being gay
or bisexual is wrong oh you're gross now
that you're gay and so advertiser
friendly
wow that sounded really convincing
didn't it
warning I always like cuffs no matter
where I am I'm always cussing and
cursing my goal just before once money
oh yeah right a bitch just held up magic
cards and looked sexy and she was a
god-king bisexual and he's still in the
kabhi like all he can do is go in the
lobby understand they're like aw king
imbecilic sludge ball
oh what a fake ugly bitch and I'm like
right it sucks was my shit and I end up
not having half the stuff that it's had
to get sushi gives me the food and
there's no drinks are you kidding me
I've had this sticker on my head the
entire time
oh just can you talk me through it
I see a job for so because you guys are
so ignorant about sex what where are the
drinks words yes well actually I'm gonna
fuck on you fuck a scotch shit how can I
get myself tied up in your basement I'm
not taking any new submissives right now
I have my hands full were we wrong in
his garbage
yes honesty I am garbage I absolutely
fainted I know I take so much at Diamond
and I'm absolutely garbage there is no
denial in men I wish it was written but
definite all total evidence of us our
identity absolutely if only rubber
tongue was like immensely rich and he
was just like a cash cow that I could
fucking milk I would be like rubber
tongue pay for me to get the most lush
eyelashes if I wish your bed yeah this
would be so great if you could just nail
two dollars out of me or I could just
open my mouth and the coins would come
out
Robert I'm told his friends that we
could go to the movies without asking me
first
I made him cancel yeah with a fuck cuz
he asked me and I said no anyways please
please and I'm like why do you want to
go so bad he's very talkative I couldn't
look what the fuck you have her fool
because the noisy situation that was my
brightest choice that I ever made Alice
just you know I thought I could go and I
was speaking to lightly about thinking
and then realized damn through to them
it had a relatively that's what she was
in row six and then he would have been
like okay and I would have been like
hawk
you didn't fuckin answerin the next time
he can go Neku yes he's really can go
this time
yeah I decided my bad you know fucking
shit aerco rubber you're not allowed to
air coat so much at all
you can't have air conditioning until I
have air conditioning from now on you
know where I could just hang we just
don't like it I hate it but I also
understand if you don't want me to use
definition until the most yes I
understand I will not do it and yes
energy it's a literal piece of shit just
like her upper tongue that dirty slut
and this is exactly like represent I'm
naming this one rubber this is clearly
rubber tongue like look at it look at
his soulless eyes that are too far apart
and that big dust knows and I was like
tiny little insignificant feet and hands
and the fact that he's like sprouting an
irrelevant sprout on top of his head
this Pikmin is rubber zone I'm gonna use
it just like I wish I could abuse you in
real life the leash I need to get rubber
tongue like a legit leash that he can
discreetly wear at all times
SNMP function will give me a leash I
think
and also very smart of you to do so I
know you will probably very high from
time to time but I know it's for the
best lmd lovely L&T I think he won't be
able to stick his penis all the way to
the bottom of a bottle
what's the song about me rubber tongue
rubber tongue what the fuck why the fuck
does that mean I'm going to plant a
shrub or tongues I don't understand what
the fuck he's saying some fucking Dutch
shit I don't get you know you're getting
punished rubber tongue deal with it Oh
bullshit
Jay Jay Jay Jay yeah it's abuse it's
torture
that's hair color yeah all right
I think I'm what's up fuck what up okay
I think we're good to go
sure confirm Kitty's kid names i
remember much about the titties all
right whoa that hair though
dealers good why would that be happening
I don't know
are we playing Red Dead Redemption
okay hello doc hey Jenna tell me cunts
what the fuck are you here for oh
there's a hole here you could kill her
then because she was shooting dicks in
my face I will open a jar just for you I
was like and then like fucking pits
everywhere and said we know you why
believe it damn well that's not so job
animal baby what up baby eh oh yeah it
uh left control Olos control Wow
Jay Wow so fucking rude ah daddy I
wanted it to look like someone grabbed
her with a handful come and put it over
her face and then just like bent her
over and raped her from behind
watch me punch redness dick are you
ready
look at my screen Jay look at my screen
done he died
Oh smack them in the ass smack his ass
I'm gonna rip this game's asshole open
so Hey Baby you wanna fuck
and said no not till hundred oh here we
go
da-da-da-da-da-da I mean I oh my fucking
god oh wait oh my fucking god fuck you
may you fucking bitch
maybe if you lost some weight maybe if
you lost some weight
that being said is Ben Affleck raped me
like let's say I was in a bar somewhere
or at a club or an event or something
and Ben Affleck started talking to me
and he let's say you watched my video or
he didn't and he didn't know who I was
and he happened to be some guy who was
inclined to rape women and he raped me I
would 100% enjoy it
sorry dinner upstairs but we've got a
1007 on our heads
ah Jesus again Ben Oh bullshit cuz I
wasn't with a hooker today ha ha ha ha
implanted in your windows is 92 people
are trying to raise like the HP pagewide
magic in Hawaii it's hard wives they had
a booth every day it's abuse it's
torture Chinese torture and words
English words I can call me fucking
faggot a bitch cocksuckers
when to one of these uh abuse centers
after one of these streams which was
thrown should have been all-time and it
bounced off his face but they just laugh
at me
you told me to man up ha ha how do you
man up man up against this drunk girl
privilege they get to call rape if you
have sex with them how big is your dick
so they get to like you can't hit him
you can't do anything they get to call
you names you can't do anything come on
harder and then if you do have sex with
one she calls rape and then she has a
baby yes Sheila said these Tara hates
babies
today's Izmir shit yes both of us had
something like I could call him a
fucking faggot a bitch
cocksucker using your shit Jay what are
you doing right now you're not doing
anything Jay Jay Jay how big is your
dick though Jay get the vodka Jay Jay
Jay Jay Jay Jay's playing fucking
aurelion he thinks he's so cool to just
lend a hand Ben you know yeah you know
fucking speck Wow Jason fucking faggot
he thinks it to dick is some kind of
special fucking force of God
yeah you who are you how are you dead
depends when I'm dead but you're not in
my game what am i throwing you you
fucking faggot flip you're lucky I
missed okay
faggot what the fuck you're not involved
in this so you can fuck off home and Jay
what's your reason hello why don't you
pay attention to me you can't just throw
your headphone in and pretend I don't
exist motherfucker
Oh Jay hate you I hate you so much your
fault red and I think you should kill
yourself he is so rude I agree 100%
I'm gonna fucking kill him should I kill
him right now on a fucking kill him beer
beat
is that I killed today just died we suck
I love Cara because she's a total
feminist I'm zero percent feminist off
kidding
I love Hannah because she talks about
terrible things and she speaks that
level yourself an expression is no
German camera or a everybody hate Arabs
Michaela just wanted to let you know
that I love you you're awesome
this is the new puppy that my family
found and she's stinking cute and
boobies I mean who can deny the fact
that she's hot I was early and
slaughtering gold me but with the candy
down anyways Cara thank you so much for
producing such amazing content
throughout the years I am so happy to be
a follower of yours and a friend of
yours too and I'm so excited to see all
the new content you produce and you have
some Vegas so congratulations and yeah
I'll just end this short little message
with a little bit of recovering nipple
does a lot on YouTube I don't know
I also I kind of just yeah James and
cousin time if you're full of a logical
politically correct bullshit she's gonna
let you know and she's hot my boobs are
healing from surgery me you can get a
disasters like not safe anyways yeah I
love you he did you write why do you
care is amazing
well she smart sexy sweet and also funny
she always makes me smile and she's also
real gyfer and loves her viewers
and she helped me a lot with my
confidence and convinced me to create my
own youtube channel that I enjoy so much
to do stuff for plus she learned me to
try and better myself every day of the
week and that's really awesome to me
that she does that to her amazing web
never change that I wish you the best of
luck in Vegas so much more stay awesome
babe
bye bye yeah weather picnic and I left
her because she doesn't care about
offending people which I love I have the
leaves
I love the teeth the mouth anyway and I
mean yeah I just love da I'm obsessed
so tell I love you hey Sarah
I'm so sorry moving with such a shit for
you but you're such a badass that I knew
you'd make it through love you
I like achievement which is unapologetic
Mike are asking cities to but I know we
also have kind of and she's beautiful
obviously hi there I just want to say I
love you I'm wishing you J and even
Besson look Vegas
no bye hey Jeremy much cleaner thank you
for all of your amazing content and for
showing us the stereotypes are fucking
bullshit I love you Tara I love yo kitty
oh my god
that's pretty rad wicked I try I just
wanted to say that I think you're
absolutely amazing and I don't really
have much time to go on and gush about
all your amazing qualities but maybe
maybe another time but I just wanted to
say that I hope the move went well and I
guess
that I love you and yeah check this out
ripping your minutes hi Kara hello there
I just want to let you know that I love
you very much I love the positive
message you send to your viewers to be
more open with other ideas different
from the norm to be more open with your
sexuality I don't think you realize how
much you've helped me with some of those
ideas or some and I love that you love
your viewers and your supporters and you
give so much back and it's very obvious
that you love us and I think you are
awesome we're proud of you Sarah
and as you move forward into this
brand-new world called Las Vegas because
let me tell you it's a whole different
world from Seattle in Sin City baby
we wish you I wish you personally all
the best and good luck in all of your
future endeavors creatively for your
channels and anything else that you
might be willing or probably planning on
doing in the future you are always going
to have my support because I've always
had your support and that's what spring
people look up to so I got you bad girl
and keep on doing what you do because
what it is that you do is very very
special unique and very respected
amongst all of your fans and even your
haters because if they didn't like it or
if they didn't pay attention to it they
wouldn't be as adamant as they are about
it as the saying goes it's better to be
hated than to be ignored and nobody ever
ignores you so keep it up and I will see
you in the future
next time on shit terraces
so excited at my own place my own house
that isn't completely plagued with
people upstairs making way too much
noise this was the worst moment I just
started like crying I have nowhere to
fuck
No
