so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
what to do episode of Friday night mail
I don't know what's going on with my
voice like what the fuck where's my
phone
fuck be right back oh all right I found
it but we don't need it just yet because
I don't have a winner of the giveaway
this week I'm sorry guys I will be
drawing the winner as soon as my
computers up and running right now it's
literally not working or more accurately
the water cooling is being a bitch
tomorrow I get the right parts and I'll
have a computer again hopefully I
actually used the wrong coolant in my
aluminum radiator and it just fucked
shit up the zinc in the aluminum
radiator from Thermaltake actually
pulled out the pigment of my Mayhem's
fucking pastel liquid you guys probably
have no idea what I'm talking about
let's just get into the questions also
hi question have you thought about
finally getting that bass guitar you've
mentioned in an amp and starting
practicing bass I don't know if you have
any musical background but picking up
they shouldn't be too difficult fuck I
didn't expand this comment so I'll just
start with that part so I have an amp
and I have a few guitars button on the
bass guitar
I do have a background in music I played
the flute for like eight years in band
but the thing about me playing guitar
specifically bass guitar because you
know the strings are much thicker I
cannot hold guitar strings down well
enough to actually play chords so it
wouldn't be as easy as let's say just
playing the guitar learning riffs
learning chords being able to tune the
guitar all those fun things about
learning I would actually have to learn
mechanically how to make my hand strong
enough so that's why I haven't done it
other than the fact that I have like
literally no time but I think it would
be a great thing to stream on Twitch to
be honest if I got good enough where I
could actually do covers and things I
could do like bra and panty bass guitar
playing looks I'd be so hot and that
question was my Herald server server
ever know Timothy McClure says question
why don't we get more of Jay in your
vids I think that would appeal to your
LGBT community a little more I love how
Jay is a man and could totally
to women but we're talking about
appealing to the LGBT community more I
would love to have J in my videos more
often the problem is a lot of people get
really butt hurts when they see a guy in
a girl's videos who they admire or want
to have sex with people assume I have a
boyfriend yada yada but on top of that J
does not like being in videos at all
he's actually starting his own twitch
stream pretty soon he likes to live
content he doesn't like to get in front
of a camera and just talk or get in
front of a camera and reacts to things
he has a problem was like talking to a
camera this is how he explains it by the
way but he says that if he can just sit
in front of a camera and be himself and
do his own thing
ie live-streaming then he's perfectly
fine with it
so maybe when he gets into
live-streaming more he'll be more okay
with being on camera here's hoping next
question is from the real Isaac so you
say you like to take people's virginity
with that said who is the youngest guy
you would fuck who is the youngest guy I
don't really have a guy in mind I've
flirted with guys as young as 17 18 but
I wouldn't have sex with someone who's
17 because I'm pretty sure that's at
least halfway illegal but I personally
prefer guys that a few years older than
me so I probably wouldn't have sex with
an 18 year old guy unless he was like
really hot or I was really horny maybe
obviously I'm getting to that age with
our identity virgins left who are my
ideal age my ideal age right now would
be like 27 28 30 31 so yeah maybe just
to relive the awesomeness of taking a
virginity I would go for like an 18 year
old guy who knows maybe I'll be a cougar
or an older and the last question which
is actually two questions that's from
squiggly a squiggly question if you
could only keep one of your trillions of
sex toys which would it be J question 2
if even with the character from a game
or movie what would she be
jail is remarks that she looks a lot
like hollow Knight but then there's also
a bunch of Studio Ghibli films that have
black cats in them or maybe she would be
scratched balm of dads cat cuz she looks
a lot like scratch or she could be Gigi
from Kiki's Delivery Service if she had
her own video game made after her which
would be awesome I'm sure she would be
like some badass warrior cat that kills
all the dogs
I don't know hopefully that's a good
answer I love you guys so much I just
wanted to let you know thank you so much
for being so supportive and I'm so sorry
for the person who's going to eventually
be picked as the winner of this week's
giveaway I will be announced
your name next week with the winner of
next week's giveaway because I don't
want to not give you a shout-out I
apologize for my unpreparedness this
week alright let's go ahead and open
some packages always the most exciting
thing whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa hi here
enjoy your gift from Pekka this was from
from Pekka and I'm pretty sure that I
sent this to myself and put the from
from Pekka yeah I did because he bought
this for me through twitch and when
someone buys me a gift on my wish list
from twitch I have to order it myself
alright well we got some some earrings
like our nose which is what the fuck oh
we got a turtle earring and a dolphin
earring that's very cute these are
extras by the way not latekka bought me
but oh my god it's the choker that
yennefer wears in the winter oh man just
get it on my neck girl I approve thank
you back up oh this is so hot I love it
oh he's just laying on the floor here
whatcha doing baby it would be so cute
if she slept on my lap well I did videos
but she's always so annoyed at me when
I'm doing videos maybe she just doesn't
like the light I don't know she's always
like a let me down okay fine are hey
next package next package oh man you
guys been a long day but I'm so excited
about this shit but serial killer
starter pack put one in every drawer you
own and under your pillow Demi what box
cutter utility knife with a snap off
razor blade I guess obviously his
fucking scissors that were here when I
moved in oh come on
oh it's ironic it's actually ironic that
I need a box cutter to open this box and
box cutters Oh Frankie have a piece of
that fucking murder weapon oh yes thank
you very baby girl and thank you pack up
for the choker I want to know in the
comments what you guys think are you
guys team Tris or are you team yennefer
personally I will always just be team
series we've got a note from sherry my
girl sherry handwritten letters are the
actual best dear Tara yes you can read
this aloud first off I want to take
gratulations on your move I'm so glad
everything worked out for the better and
that you love your new house I do I'm
sorry you had to deal with bullshit when
you first got there but I knew you'd
make it through you're a badass
Oh second welcome back to YouTube we all
missed you and we're so glad you can
make content again all is rights in the
world your videos have helped me so much
and I'm so glad I found your channel as
a teenager I noticed that I love sex a
lot more than most women and that made
me feel uncomfortable I felt like I was
being judged by society that says if
you're a woman that enjoys sex you're a
slut
it hurt until I found your videos it was
a breath of fresh air that this sexy
smart confident woman was talking so
openly about sex and how much she enjoys
it it helps me feel less alone oh this
is one of the reasons why I do videos in
the first place to just like find
like-minded people and I responded to a
comment earlier saying the exact same
thing why is this fucking it's very hard
for me to find people that I connect
with in the real world I don't know why
even when I go to gaming conventions or
I seek out somebody who finds me
attractive or in the modeling industry
it's always just a bunch of people who
don't get me you know and I feel like
this is my way of reaching a wider
audience of people in hopes of meeting
new friends and I definitely deserve you
to Sherry being one of them and Mooney
then through the comments of your videos
I met other like-minded women too taught
me to embrace my sexuality which I have
which brings me to my third thing after
realizing that having fun with your
sexuality rocks I began making videos on
many vidcom if anyone wants to watch her
username is sherry Wallace one two three
I'll post a link in the description also
congrats girl that's fucking awesome
it's so much fun and it's something that
only happened with your help so thank
you so fucking much Sarah you're awesome
so keep doing your thing will always be
here watching love sherry what I love
you both so much thank you for always
being a part of my streams and just that
part in the new shit Tara says that you
made for me so sweet I cannot wait to
upload that video oh I love handwritten
letters send me Henry and letters my PA
box is always down in the description oh
sure it is a wool outfit alright so the
first thing I see here how do we open
this box cut back
oh my god is this like tiny little top
let's put it on we've got to talk on now
what the next thing I see is these
shorts though oh come on
hot oh my god and then lastly I fit
myself in the face oh my god are these
leggings you look so good these are
going to be some ass leggings what's
fucking for them on this for Melanie I
did one of the gifts you couldn't put a
note in either way thank you so fucking
much I feel like this has to be from a
girl who knows what a girl looks good in
you know I'm saying we got it we got to
put this fucking shit on what did I tell
you yeah oh my god I kind of wish the
top though was like one of those just
like fold over tops rather than like a
one band top that's the only way these
can be better but oh my god are they
fucking comfy Thank You Melanie or
whoever got these for me so fucking
thoughtful I love it when people shop
for me my entire life birthdays
Christmas and everything my mom would
ask me to make a list of things that I
want and I used to make like a long list
of things from Abercrombie and it was so
cute I would like clip the pictures from
the Abercrombie website put them on
there and I would make it all graphic
design e and perfect but since I've
moved out my mom has actually started
trying to buy me things that she thinks
I'll like so sweet so personal yep thank
you okay so we've got a box from Sephora
I can't even imagine what the fuck is in
here yet Melanie oh my god she got me so
much shit two-faced sweet peach the
beach talent I've wanted this for so
long this is what's going to make me
start doing I shadow again oh my god
girl what the fuck how to contour guides
okay oh my god
smells like fucking beaches all right so
we've got huda beauty liquid matte oh my
god oh my god I have no
who to beauty anything but I follow her
on Instagram she's so gorgeous Club
another one
Becca glow on the what should we put
like a ton of this stuff on I actually
used Becca highlighter already I am so
excited whoa whoa lip plumping oh and
it's in the color dolly alright I'm not
I'm gonna put this over what I have on
right now gonna open oh it smells so
good girl you got me this good shit like
what the fuck is it working
feels like it's working Anasazi of
Beverly Hills lip gloss oh my god white
in the color Tara God for fuck oh just a
little bit more smoke I can't I get
focused whatever it says Tara this is
actually Tara lip gloss hmm
oh this feels so good I love plumping
lip gloss not because it actually plumps
you but because it feels so tingly and
good in like minty it's like that my
face is being hit in the face with
toothpaste oh okay so this is the color
Tara so me does it smell good oh my god
it smells good this is like made for me
like someone at Assad via Beverly Hills
is into me and they're like wonder if
she'll notice she's into lip glosses
let's name a lip gloss after her okay
what's this replenishing moisture milk
ah yes maybe she's born with it maybe it
smells me good Estee Lauder sample and a
Tom Ford noir eau de toilette that is
that it that is more than I deserve by
like but loads but loads more than I
deserve oh we were going to highlight
the shit out of my face
hold on I'll be right back oh all right
so we got some rash lips so big garlic
soon we're going to waste and Becca
highlighter right now glow on the go
how should I drop the thing okay so this
is like a thing or whatever
now I'm glowing and glowing on the go oh
yeah I'm going to glow
like crazy on the go yes just everywhere
just like full face highlighter
challenge yes oh I'm going for that like
just got out of the gym sweating fuck
haven't washed my face all day look oh
my god
Oh Melanie I love you I cannot it cannot
be overstated how much I fucking love
you
Wow these are going to come in handy
this is actually all shit that I would
buy myself so comfy I love it thank you
oh my god from Melanie Tara Congrats on
your new little family I hope every new
chapter of your life always ends up
happily ever after
oh this is this is supposed to arrive
last week or something it's a Pokemon
celebration oh my god
Oh Charmander char all of these things
can be seen fanservice Friday I don't
have like helium to blow these up but I
think I'll do it for my birthday I think
that would be fun
I am so gross all this highlighter on me
too much highlights not enough not
highlight thank you baby girl
I honestly wish I opened like a gigantic
box with all of these inflated already
and I just going poof I really wish I
could host like land parties or
something here like the the modern
equivalent to a land party here so you
play Super Smash Brothers Oh Mario Party
would be this shit I care I love your
content on YouTube I'm grateful to
follow a beautiful woman like you enjoy
your gift I'm the one that should be
grateful that you follow me and support
my content and F&M with a toad ah oh
just hear that it's my water cooling
acting up again
it actually exploded in the middle of
the night it was like making air and we
put the top on the reservoir and it
actually exploded with air water
everywhere like fucking worse oh my god
we've got a dr. Robotnik mr. Eggman or
wherever the fuck he sometimes cold is
that was called dr. Eggman yay I know
him as dr. Robotnik Jason you're fucking
awesome too random off characters from
two of my favorite childhood video game
franchises I actually identified with
dr. Robotnik a lot
oddly enough
alright guys that's it for this week's
fmm thank you so fucking much you guys
are amazing and just to show it in one
of the only ways I know how from such a
distance I'm going to go ahead and set
up the camera so we can take some ass
shots and these wonderful fucking
leggings these last two weeks of S&M
have been some of the best of my entire
S&M career you guys make every fucking
Friday feel so special and I really hope
that some of my videos can make you guys
feel special and some of the things that
I say hopefully don't feel as empty as I
feel like they feel because simply put
words just don't convey they don't
convey the words can't even in current
popular vernacular I love you guys I'll
see you in the next video
cut to ass
like this video first post the whole
either foot purchasing on patreon
haha
you
