masturbates embrace who you are ah yes
embrace it so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want hey guys welcome to new video today
I'm going to give you my personal tips
on how to lead a happy life I feel like
at least for myself I have this down
pretty Pat so I thought if nothing else
at least it would make for an
entertaining video and I also feel like
I have different tips from the average
how to be happy in life video being
someone with a little bit different
views and the rest of the world actually
runs you down so we have my phone here I
just wrote down the punch line and not
what I actually want to say so hopefully
I will fuck this up my tip number one
for happy lies don't expect anything
from anyone I know you've seen this as a
meme or as like a little picture that
people post in words on Instagram and
things like that but honestly it's true
this isn't a negative thing like oh if
you don't expect anything from people
then you'll never be disappointed well
it kind of is because that's kind of how
I am but at the same time you shouldn't
expect anything from anyone no one owes
you anything expecting things from
people just leads you to be kind of an
asshole and it leads you to be
disappointed not expecting anything
leads you to take care of things on your
own and not to rely on other people
which is great and if they do happen to
come through with something amazing for
you or to help you out in a situation
where they don't necessarily have to it
makes that gesture all the more
appreciated no disappointment happier
when people come through for you overall
just more positivity the next tip is to
put yourself first and a lot of people
do not do this a lot of people don't do
this for fear of being judged or being
seen as narcissists or people who don't
care about anyone else that's totally
not the cave there was only one you
there is only one person in the world
who's going to put you first and that's
you if you don't do it no one else will
the only thing you get from not putting
yourself first is worry anxiety stress
everyone else has problems and stress is
put onto you it might not even be a
conscious thing but people do use people
who are overly nice and don't stand up
for themselves if something is stressing
you out if you need to take time for
yourself just fucking do it you'll be
all but happier healthier and more
well-rounded for it not only that but
it's proven that people will respect you
more if you respect yourself
number three is spend more time on your
hobbies so many people like don't have
hobbies these days or they throw
themselves into their work and they
don't
any time for developing their own
personal special interest if you like
video games if you like photography if
you like building model ships and
bottles or whatever the fuck set aside
time for that set aside time to learn
the guitar or do things that you love it
is very important that you have your own
interests and don't waste all of your
time working or on other people having
hobbies of the way to self-improve to
relax to de-stress
and to have something in your life
that's worth living aside from just
getting up and doing the monotonous
nine-to-five job even if you don't have
a nine-to-five job you have a really
cool job at the end of the day it's
still work have things that you do just
because you enjoy them number four might
seem obvious if so many people have a
huge problem with doing this cut out all
toxic people from your life so many
people just stick to like toxic
relationships especially once in the
family toxic boyfriend girlfriends toxic
moms bad siblings friends it seems like
a lot of people put way too much
importance on the time spent with
someone even if that version of the
person that they used to love is in the
past just because her mom gave birth you
does not mean she can ruin your entire
life and take up all of your time and
emotional health just because that
friend used to be a really really good
friend like 15 years ago doesn't mean
that you have to break plans every week
for her 15th crying session about her
27th boyfriend you have one life to live
live it to the fullest and living it to
the fullest is not taking time and
energy on people who aren't positive in
your life who don't make a positive
impact who aren't there for you and
won't reciprocate that kind of
friendship if you're putting out more
than you get back from the relationship
cut ties it might seem selfish but
sometimes some selfishness is really
good for you just go back to the step
two talked about putting yourself first
let it go number five is laugh and smile
more laughter is the best medicine as
they say and I really feel like it is
there's a reason that girls fall for
guys who make them laugh or girls laugh
that guys jokes who they think is hot if
you're feeling stressed out today hang
out with someone funny tell jokes read
jokes or watch some stand-up laughing is
literally the best that's why I
personally will always stand up for
jokes even off-color jokes jokes that
are too soon because that is my
preferred way to cope with the world to
mourn to let go to laugh in the face of
tragedy that shit is the best number six
is spend more time with animals or
children if you like
those I happen to not like children but
I love animals animals are proven to be
a huge stress reliever all folks homes
people who are stressed have high blood
pressure who are in a hospital that's
why you see those people in places
having animals it just makes you feel
better try getting a pet of your own or
volunteering somewhere to hang out with
other people's babies because babies
also invoke that maternal instinct thing
that makes you just feel better when you
take care of them and you think they're
so cute
and apparently everything that's cubed
somehow reminds us of our offspring and
that's why we think it's cute that's why
I love two babies in there even though
you know I do not prescribe to the
notion that anything that's cute looks
anything like a baby because human
babies hang out with animals because
animals make you happy they relieve
stress and they are so fucking adorable
isn't that right Eve seriously since
I've gotten Eve I've been like at least
ten percent happier and I didn't even
think that was possible although I do
hope that I die before you because I
can't stand the loss of her she's so
amazing I love you I'll let you go now
and there I am back to depression
alright so number seven is never stop
learning and never stop self improving
learning is a must learning things makes
you so much smarter so much happier so
much better overall it just makes you a
better more well-rounded person and
there's absolutely nothing wrong with
that if you stop learning you stop
improving
in the same vein never stop improving
overall in your life improve your
housing situation improve your job work
hard to just better yourself overall and
yes that also means bettering yourself
aesthetically get to your desired goal
your desired body your desired shape
your desired fitness whatever you want
is go out and fucking get it reaching
those goals or at least making small
incremental improvements makes you feel
so much better trust me you're not going
to feel the need to judge other people
or be jealous about what other people
have even if you haven't gotten to their
level yet because you're improving
yourself and you're focusing on yourself
again going back to putting yourself
first I cannot stress it enough so I'll
just hit my tips so you listen more got
it nothing wrong with self improving the
people who try to tell you that there is
they have some weird moral standard or
they're not happy with themselves so
they're doing that whole projecting
jealousy thing you have one body one
life that's two you have one body one
life make the fucking best of it the
next one is just don't
take on other people's problems you may
feel like I've already gone over this
one but impact the people who feel
everyone else's feelings and take that
upon themselves I would surmise that
they're like literally the most unhappy
people on the planet anytime one of
their friends is sad anytime there's a
tragedy on television anytime someone
else is having a hard time people are a
lot more vocal when they're unhappy
that's why you see all the bad reviews
and also make good reviews on things why
come back if you're satisfied the
product has met your expectations but if
it hasn't met your expectations oh we
are going to let the world know about it
so we have you're an empath and you're
one of those people who gets sad because
you hear about something happening on
the other end of the world that has
nothing to do with you or you take on
all of your friends and family's
problems as if they're your own try to
let go of that try your best to not let
that affect you or at least to put that
into perspective so it doesn't control
your entire life you're not helping
anyone by sending your prayers or being
sad or crying about something make
tangible differences send money and get
it out of your mind you've helped if a
famous person dies that you don't know
but whose work you valued mourn it
appreciate their work and move on don't
hold on to sadnesses and don't take in
other people's sadnesses it's not your
responsibility it's not your job and
it's basically a form of self-harm when
you're a third party they can't do
anything about it it can be fucking
torture number nine is be your fucking
self very fucking easy
except it's not for a lot of people and
never try to force yourself to be
someone else or to be someone else's
vision of who you should be whether it's
a boyfriend who says you should change
in a certain way or whether it's society
telling you you should look or act a
certain way if you don't agree with that
don't fucking follow it again one life
one body why are you doing anything
other than what you want to do as long
as you're not hurting anyone else being
yourself and as long as you're happy in
your own skin that's all that fucking
matters do not let anyone else on the
outside who isn't you who doesn't matter
to you take away your happiness
especially your contentedness and who
you are there's no one else in the world
truly like you embrace who you are ah
yes embrace it
number ten is work in the field that you
love I know this is easier said than
done a lot of people kind of have to go
to dead-end jobs in order to pay the
bills but always works toward getting
into a job into a field that you love
even taking a pay cut for it money might
be able to buy certain things
you spend most of your life working so
waking up every day and going to a job
that you love or at least a job that
will get you to a job that you love is
very important you don't want to spend
most of your life unhappy you don't want
to spend most of the hours of your day
I'm fulfilled so if you're stuck in a
dead-end job that has nothing to do with
what you want to do with your life work
that fucking job to the bone until you
have enough money saved up to start your
own business or to try look for that
dream job you can fucking do it you owe
it to yourself not to get into some kind
of comfortable rut where all you're
doing is the same thing over and over
again monotonous ly until you die
number 11 is think less emotionally and
more rationally now I'm not saying
disregard all emotions I think emotions
are great catalysts for things like
having fun enjoying the feeling of being
in love even things that I really like
to do like hanging out with animals or
playing video games but if you can
mitigate the bad the toxic emotions from
your life not only will you be a smarter
more clearer thinking person but you'll
be able to enjoy things like falling
immensely in love with someone and
enjoying the roller coaster of romance
without going in too deep and ruining
your entire life a logical and rational
person will think of things
realistically and they'll allow
themselves to enjoy the emotions and
fully feel the emotions without making
super choices because of the emotion
thinking more rationally will avoid
things like getting super angry all of a
sudden and triggered about nothing being
sad when you should really be happy
don't fall down the rabbit hole of the
echo-chamber SJW shit thank for yourself
think critically don't listen to
everything you hear
especially in the media and stay
skeptical about everything the more you
learn the better you are the more
rational you are the more you're going
to learn and the less you're going to be
pissed off about what other people are
doing because who fucking cares number
12 is learn to love yourself and be
content alone so many people I know are
going out like just begging to finally
find someone to love them so many people
think that happiness is contingent on
having a partner so many people are
terrified of being alone with themselves
because they don't know what to do with
themselves and they aren't happy with
themselves you cannot truly love someone
and you should not truly love someone
until you love yourself and I know
that's a tall fucking order for some
people but it is absolutely imperative
it's like the number one thing you need
to do in order to have a happy life
however you have to do it whether it's
changing something about yourself or
working on something or just thinking
differently overall if you need to be
more realistic about goals more
realistic about yourself or just learn
to love flaws that you can't change if
you don't learn to love yourself you're
going to end up trying to look for other
people to love you but no one's going to
love someone who doesn't love themselves
you're just going to end up in dead-end
relationships you're just going to be
someone that nobody wants to be around
and with good reason if you don't think
you're worth loving why should anyone
else we all have flaws we all make
mistakes we all have things that we want
to change the differences other people
have positive ways of thinking and the
things that they don't like about
themselves they change you can do it too
and the hobbies thing and the working on
yourself thing it goes miles toward
being able to be content with being
alone and the funny part is if you like
yourself and you're comfortable being
alone the more people are going to
gravitate toward you number 13 is so a
tera step it is masturbate more and have
sex more so many people put this shame
on sex or masturbation they try not to
do it they try to do it at a certain
time they put so many prerequisites on
it and then they hide behind the fact
that like well if they have too much sex
or if they masturbate too much then
they'll be called a slut or they'll look
at STDs or they'll become addicted to
porn for a healthy mind all of these
things are not a problem safe sex
negates all the problems with STDs being
called the slut well logical thinking
and rational thinking just make you not
give a shit you're having fun who cares
and that addiction thing more often than
not it's people who don't love
themselves aren't happy with themselves
and have no other hobbies who get
addicted to porn or they have some kind
of underlying mental issue like having
an addictive personality a real one not
the one that people say they have if
you're realistic about what porn and sex
is chances are you're going to be
perfectly fine indulged to your desire
masturbation and Men has been linked to
prostate health not only that both men
and women secrete hormones when they
orgasm that makes them feel so good and
is actually a pain reliever if you're
stressed and you masturbate or have sex
you feel so much better at least for a
little while after the more sex you have
and the more intimacy you have with the
people the sexier you feel the more fun
you have and the more stress relief it
is just an all-around win-win and the
less taboo you feel it is and a less
shame that you feel around sex the more
you'll be able to let loose and really
enjoy the effects the positive effects
the sex can have on your life your
sexuality is so awesome it's the reason
that we are here as a species might as
well have fun while doing your
biological imperatives number 14 is
workout and stay fit obviously this is
something that has to do with the whole
improving yourself thing but if not for
any physical or aesthetic reason you
should do it for your health every time
you work out every time you get that
runner's high or every time you just
feel like you had a really good day in
the gym endorphins release you feel
fucking good so if you're waking up in
the morning going for a run
eating right having some great sex going
to a job you love coming home to your
hobbies enjoying a good book by yourself
and then going out on a date with a
person who isn't toxic
how can your life not be fucking perfect
or at least feel fucking perfect also
being healthy and not being obese
watching your weight not only is a great
for self-image but it's also great keep
the medical expenses out of your pocket
more money in the bank for those hobbies
things that is all around just a great
thing and it's doctor recommended and
number 15 stop giving a fuck what anyone
else thinks people who are unrelated to
your life people who have no say in your
life and don't pay your bills all the
way up to people who actually are in
your life fuck them do what you want and
in the same vein stop judging other
people you'll often see that the people
who judge other people harshly are
people who aren't focusing on themselves
and they're not happy with themselves if
you're busy with your hobbies and your
great job and your wonderful life you
don't have time to go on someone else's
page and post vitriol and if you're a
rational person you're never going to go
on someone else's page and assume that
you know everything about their life or
that they should in their lives follow
your subjective moral if someone says
something rude to you just brush it off
and what they think doesn't matter in
the grand scheme of things it's shit all
that matters is that you're happy and
you're doing what you love if you cease
doing what you love or being yourself
for someone else especially a random
Internet hater you're only validating
their claims that you're doing something
wrong according to you you're letting
them win you're letting them see that it
bothers you don't let it bother you this
might take some time but you can fucking
do it
I believe I literally get hate every
single day and I can't remember the last
time that I actually gave it a second
thought and the last number 16 is try to
be more positive and I know this
retarded and I know overly positive
people are really annoying and probably
just coping with something I'm not
telling you to like have your dog run
over and your mom died of cancer and
you're like this is awesome I'm saying
that there's always a bright side to
certain situations and a lot of people
will let small annoyances or like a bad
day ruin their entire lives don't want a
few small things turn into a big thing
and you can always think positively if
not about the situation about other
things if you're feeling down or if
you're having a bad day or something
Bad's happening to you make sure you
weave in things that you like listen to
some good music take some time for
yourself take a nap masturbate try not
to think of what you have to do in the
day all at once I know that can often
stress me if I allow myself to think
about well I have to do like three
videos edit two that's going to take six
hours I have to do this and that chore
it can turn something pleasurable and
something fun something that I enjoy
doing into something that feels negative
and hard so thinking positively and
taking it one step at a time taking it
one day at a time forcing yourself to
wait and see how things pan out rather
than worrying because we all know is
logical people there is no rational
basis in worrying if you can't change
the situation make an attack plan do
your best and sit back and relax there's
nothing you can do by feeling negative
emotions in the meantime worry and fear
are natural triggers that make us be
responsible but we can kind of negate
them with a little bit of rational
thought while still planning effectively
for any possible problems alright guys I
hope you enjoyed this video like and
subscribe if you did let me know if you
have any extra tips about being happy
and if you liked mine I don't know this
is just what I do I'm actually quite
content with my life and even when
things are going bad or something's
going wrong I still know how blessed I
am and I never forget about all the
awesomeness that I have and how fucking
lucky I am every day never forget it's a
very least that you have a life to live
and never allow any of the good things
you have to go for granted or to start
playing that like victimhood oppression
Olympics game make your life the best it
can be enjoy it as much as you possibly
can and focus on you that's it I love
you guys so much I appreciate you more
than I can even articulate you're
fucking awesome I'll see you in the next
video Wow smile ah okay so before I go I
just want to tell you a little story
about the beginning of this video there
fucking cute so I sometimes watch videos
when I'm doing my makeup I was finishing
up one of the videos as I was coming
down here to record my video today and I
was like setting up everything and I set
up everything and I sat down and I was
getting ready to film and Yvonne's in
here was one of her toys and it's one of
those toys that you're supposed to hold
on a stick and it extends the stick it's
like a Jackson galaxy toy Jackson galaxy
you know the guy from my cat from hell
or cat from hell wherever the sucks it
was one of the ones like that stick and
then like a thing of wire and then at
the end it had like a little ground prey
as was cold but it's like a little
centipede type thing right and she's
completely obliterated the same because
she fucking loves it so much so she ran
in here with it all the way extended and
she's carrying the ground praying her
mouth and she runs in here she gets it
caught on my fucking tripod after I set
up everything completely meticulously
and perfectly and then it gets stuck so
she runs back and my tripod is on wheels
so it's like really easy to move on the
hardwood floor she runs back and my
fuckin tripod flies into the wall
everything is ruined and then I decided
to play with her for like an hour so it
was really cute even when she fuck shit
up man she makes my day better delaying
my fucking video making and everything
but still the most adorable fucking
thing in the entire world
hope you enjoyed that little story
goodbye
