fuck I don't even remember so who cares
why not do your own thing and I am say
what they want
hey guys today before I jump onto my
stream I thought I would do a quick vlog
vlog this is actually my first legit
Vlad vlog a living in Vegas aside from
the ending of my moving whatever the
fuck anyway today I want to do a
philosophical topic just respond just a
little stream of consciousness which
sometimes ends up good and sometimes
ends up not good enough for my youtube
channel at least from my perception and
then it just ends up on patreon we'll
see which one this is today I want to
talk about the concept of the golden
rule in morality which is basically
reciprocity of morality and why I don't
like it and why I don't agree with it
but why I selfishly think it's good for
the world so if you guys don't know it's
basically doing to others as you'd want
them to do unto you just see if you
don't think that someone would like
something like stealing or raping or
murdering or all the things that people
generally in our culture don't like you
don't do it to other people but it
extends more specifically to things like
you know what you would want your
boyfriend or girlfriend to do in a
certain situation or what you would want
as an extrovert versus what you would
want as an introvert I was thinking a
lot about this topic and I started
watching TED talks about it and other
things and no one really touched on the
reason why I don't like it a lot of
people touched on the fact that it's
better off to be more like do unto
others as they would want them unto them
and make it a little less selfish and
that is the root of why I don't really
like that ideology but to me it just
seems like the kind of cop-out like
basic entry like this is what my mom
taught me or what I heard as the very
first idea of morality and it seems less
like an actual sound reason to be a good
person quote unquote good person and
more just like a get out of jail free
card for being a hypocrite it's like I
don't really have any strong moral basis
and I didn't really think outside of the
box and make opinions for myself so I'm
just going to go by this rule because
it's like the safe and easy rule it's
very easy to selfishly
about what I would want and then apply
that to other people because I'm not
going out of my comfort zone
in action I'm just doing what I would
want done unto me and there are so many
ways that this doesn't make any sense
first of all I want to say for complete
transparency for those of you actually
watching this video and wanting this
kind of philosophical content I am a
moral nihilist I don't believe that
there's any inherent right or wrong I
believe that a lot of people think that
there is because of the society they
live in or because how they were raised
or what they personally believed that
they wouldn't want kind of like the
golden rule but what you want and what
your perception is and what your culture
says and how you grew up is not
necessarily factual and in no way is it
be able to be argued in an objective way
it's basically just like well this works
in society right now or this works for
me right now
so obviously it's morally right or wrong
and I don't agree with that I don't
believe in it I feel like if anything
requires belief or if anything requires
something that's subjective I can never
place actual objective meaning to it
obviously so from that standpoint I've
thought for so long that a lot of most
of morality is just based on a very
selfish principle which works for our
society like really we enter into
society as a contract where people won't
kill us or at least we our deaths will
be avenged and it will be wrong in that
person will serve and justice will be
wrought for our families that are
surviving us and we won't do that as
well in order to fit into this society
and not have our freedom taken away from
us and at the very very basic level
I like the government intervention a
little bit to where our society can just
function and I can go on and just pursue
life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness but anything beyond that as a
libertarian I don't really like
government intervention of because the
government might have different ideas in
mind than I do just like the next person
who's doing unto me as they would want
done unto them might be projecting what
they want onto me which isn't in my best
interest
and I think operating like that in any
kind of actual more personal way like we
your actual friends or coworkers that
you care about or boyfriends and
girlfriends families I feel like it's a
very selfish way to be and I don't like
the society as a whole can't admit that
it's human nature to do things selfishly
most unselfish acts are inherently
selfish and that's fine it's good and
natural that we derive happiness or
personal gratification from doing nice
things for others I don't mind that at
all and I'm conscious of it so I don't
demonize people who do things for their
own benefit but then holed up on a
pedestal someone who's so moral and just
like sacrifice so much for someone else
when really they're only doing it to
make themselves feel better feel like
good people so they can say they're good
people or to just feel like they're
doing the right thing based on what they
were but what was beaten into their
heads at childhood it's so funny the
visceral reaction you see from people
and I actually want to do a video soon
about no good deed or no unselfish good
deed being actually unselfish my cat is
being loud I'm sorry Eve what you doing
what you doing baby you say I'm a liar
while she gets so freaked out she's know
she's doing something and I'm going to
yell at her but I don't really care
where is she I can't find her anymore
anyway I wish people would be more okay
with admitting the flaws and the facts
about humanity without feeling like
terrible fucking people like if people
were to admit that their morals and
their ideologies might be flawed or
wrong or might just be their own
personal preferences or might be selfish
and understand that humanity is like
that we are like that that's our that's
our nature and it works out in a society
because us feeling better and us having
that intrinsic value and putting that
onto helping others actually does help
others because it gives us the
motivation to do these things and I
think there's nothing wrong with that
but I'm not going to sit there and see
people who do good deeds especially the
really easy ones as such good such
amoral such correct
people because they're getting something
out of it and the same goes at the
Golden Rule it's just it seems like a
lazy morality to me as someone who
doesn't like morality in the first place
or doesn't apply my personal subjective
and I'm consciously knowing that what I
prefer is subjective morals or what I
want done unto me is very subjective and
might not be what the next person wants
and to give examples there's of like you
know the Golden Rule not really working
out perfectly like let's say for a more
specific example because some people
might say well that's way too specific
to apply to the Golden Rule
so for instance you don't want to be
pegged but your girlfriend wants to take
it anally so you're going to say well
I'm not going to do that to you because
I feel like that would be a horrible
experience to me or like a girl like
myself who has a rape fantasy someone
might think that's too violent for them
and they wouldn't like that experience
so they're not going to do it to another
person or they're not going to do it to
me even though I'm asking for it or
something a what are you doing you want
to be in the vlog okay there we go but
if you have the argument that okay
that's way too specific then think about
like what if you see some people having
you know what seems to be a bad day or
something and you're like well if I was
having a bad day I would want to go up
to that person and I would or I want
what I would want people to go up to me
and make me feel better or give me
flowers or buying me something and you
are doing that action because you know
it would feel good to you and that's
another problem that I have with empathy
but let's say that for what we'll get to
that later I always go off on a tangent
I'm going to force myself not to molest
a that person hates flowers or doesn't
want to be bothered or their problem is
much more intricate than you thought
like someone in their family died and it
would just absolutely make them hate
life right now if they had to talk to a
stranger or even a friend there are so
many ways that this could not work out
and in general it will be okay
especially in an impersonal setting like
when you're you know trying to figure
out what would be considered polite in
certain situations you know you we have
an instinct for that and that instinct
is based on our society and our culture
is
not necessarily a human thing or an
inherent thing or a correct thing and I
like these things exist because the
socially awkward person is going to be
more annoying to a larger group of
people than the person who is doing unto
others and they're a more pleasant
person but they're not in my opinion
inherently a more correct person a more
objectively moral person I just I just
don't like when people will moral
grandstand about how that's the right
way to be it's a simple philosophy it's
a simple way to live it's a good start
to just living in a society but it's not
necessarily correct and I was I talking
about that I wanted to go back to fuck I
don't even remember well I guess I'll
rewatch this remember and save that for
another video which is something I
wanted to do anyway so one day I will
make the video on I actually wanna I
think I told you guys this before but I
want to make an Instagram post where I
ask people to give me unselfish good
deeds or selfish selfless good deeds
sorry and then I show how there's a
selfish element to them and I want to
stress when I do this that it's not it's
not just the nuances and it's not just
you know semantics but that's our human
nature and that's why we're able to be a
society that isn't solitary that talks
and interacts with other people that has
these large technologies and these great
ideas and I think overall it's a good
thing but when I see people moral
grandstanding or telling like acting
like someone is some kind of saint or
something when every single thing has an
intrinsic value to that person who is
doing these saintly things it makes me
roll my eyes a little bit and as much as
I think certain things being praised is
fine it's still a little bit crunchy to
me and I feel like a lot of people are
living in this bubble where they're
doing these unselfish good deeds
selfishly and not admitting to it and
being in denial so that they can see
these other people who are doing the
exact same thing as oh my god were in
the great
moral club of Awesomeness that's
basically I'll have to say today
I want to go stream I'll see you guys on
Twitch if you guys ever want to watch me
stream I occasionally talk about stuff
like this but not as long winded Lee
because long-winded Lee sounds good
because obviously I'm actually talking
with someone I'm not having a monologue
as much as it kind of is a monologue
it's text versus speech so it's not
necessarily a model it's kind of like
someone's on I am and I'm on a Skype
call but yeah thanks for watching guys
if you enjoy these kinds of videos let
me know some of these videos will be in
the pool which is like an added visual
visual thing to what I talk about and
some of these will have ease which is my
beautiful three month old kitten that I
found on the freeway in Seattle I love
you guys thanks for watching I
appreciate it comments section is always
open let me know what you think if you
have any ideas please share them I
fucking love reading them I guess
