okay this fucking hole is it's like my
actual gaping anus after I have like an
eight inch dick thrust in there like
literally so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want hey guys welcome to these first as
a sort of fmm in Las Vegas this is going
to be fun
I cannot believe how much shit I got
compared to how much I thought I was
going to get which is like nothing
because moving my p.o box took so long I
really fucking appreciate you guys's
help in keeping this going because I had
no idea that it was going to I thought
it would kind of die off as I moved then
when I realized I couldn't even open a
peel box until I lived here with an ID
and had proof of my residents I was like
oh my god F and I was absolutely fucked
so I am pleasantly surprised and very
very grateful for you guys especially
with last night's stream and the rest of
you know what I'm talking about if you
didn't watch last night's dream in the
next shit Tara says because oh my god my
viewers my friends are the fucking best
thank you guys so much I just wanted to
shout you out in the video as well
without further ado the winner of last
month's giveaway is Ron yo are Rania are
some reason that's hard to say anyway
congratulations girl if you want to sign
up for this week's giveaway link as
always will be down in the description I
know it's been a while so I do have to
remind you guys how this works also I
take three questions or two or three
questions every week so if you have any
questions post those in the comment
section this week's questions taken from
last month's fnm the last fnm in Seattle
are as follows let me get my phone
Larissa legend says question what's your
plan for Eve when it comes to letting
her outside is she going to be an
outdoor cat or an indoor / outdoor cat
my cats are indoor / outdoor cats
because I wouldn't want them cooped up
inside when they are perfectly safe
going outdoors but of course I know it
also has to do with where you live I
live in a cold attack I have a reserved
by my house and my entire street has
cats I just thought I'd ask because I'm
genuinely curious I do not believe in
letting cats outside at all so evil be
an indoor cat that gets to go outside
daily on walks on a leash as she has
been and she's so adorable when she's on
a leash let me tell you guys if you ever
have a chance to look at the statistics
there's something like outdoor cats have
a lifespan of 3 to 5 years whereas
indoor cats have a lifespan of around 16
years
obviously as Larissa said it depends on
where you live not judging you or
anything you can do whatever you want
if you think your cats safe I'll trust
you on that thanks for the question babe
question what should you do if your
boyfriend wears a condom during sex and
does not feel anything I don't want to
get pregnant but I want to have sex but
he doesn't feel anything
help nine times out of ten if a guy says
that you are under the age of 18 or
maybe like 21 and he's kind of a
fuck-boy
and he's saying that simply to get you
to have sex without a condom fact number
one yes it does feel better without a
condom
however fact number two he most
certainly can feel something and it
still feels good enough to come unless
he has some kind of issues sometimes
when you're circumcised which most
people in the US are the head of your
penis can be less sensitive meaning that
you feel less when you have a condom on
but millions and millions of guys
everywhere are wearing condoms as
responsible adults or teenagers have
safe sex and to not have kids before
they're ready I think this is hugely
important way more important than having
the best feeling sex ever
if he needs help coming after you've
come just take the condom off jerk mop
or finish him in your mouth those are
safe alternatives be careful girl you
have to think of yourself first you do
not want to have a kid before you're
ready and you do not want any diseases
good luck and last question actually
there's two more this isn't much of a
question but Aaron Fernando says my
biggest dream is that you salute me and
you can make my dream come true I'm very
bad at saluting but there you go
last question for real this time sweet
XO girl xox
did you buy a house or are you renting
so I made a bunch of blogs on this topic
and at the end of the vlogs I realized
that I didn't have enough money reported
on my tax return to actually buy a house
that I want I wrote too much off in the
previous years I haven't had the income
I've had as long as I need to which is
not enough to buy the house of my dreams
so why buy now when I can rent and then
buy in one or two years and be more
responsible with how I write things off
on my taxes anyway I am perfectly happy
with being here and I actually might try
to rent to own or buy this house from
these people after my terms up hey baby
she's right above me I have to show you
what she doing baby what's he doing I
know she's going to drop Chester right
on my head is anyway I hope that answers
all your questions if you have any more
post them in the comments and as always
if you started off with question like
Dwight Schrute you're more likely to be
picked what's open stuff Oh what is it
what is it I miss it so much
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god I
love you Eve from Zoey oh my god sigh
but the so my wish list I didn't think
she would ever get it I didn't think
anyone would buy Eve gifts but I have an
inkling based on what people have told
me but most of the things in F and I'm
from now on are gonna be for e which I
am completely happy with but this is
actually a harness with kitty skull and
crossbones and a hood I don't think it's
going to fit her right now but we're
going to put it on her right now because
it's gonna be cute Eve come here oh I
can actually tighten it so it can be
like pretty small how do I get her to
come that's what he said oh man I'm a
go-getter oh my god oh my god this is
legitimately the cutest thing I have
ever seen oh man you're so cute oh my
god I can't with this little hood aw
she's a kitty badass Thank You Joey
thank you
oh my god Zoe she's so cute I can't I
can't
it's like a little hoodie making her
look like a badass the badass she is
that's it nothing else in the world is
cute just Eve because oh my gosh
we got to move on but this is from Pekka
actually I had a sense of my house so I
know what it is and Pekka bought me last
month before I moved and I knew it
couldn't get it to my apartment before I
moved so I waited until I moved and he
got me a spirited away /eu football yeah
I think I can stick it here I love it
all it doesn't stick Pekka I love you
you are fucking amazing the contribution
that you made to the newest shit Tara
says oh my sweetest thing ever
thank you all right I don't know what's
going on with this box it looks like
someone is really trying to make
something not get ricks and failing how
do I even open this I feel like this
person probably hates me like what is
going on here
oh I think I know what this is oh it is
it's my personalized like fighter pilot
looking helmet from this company for
this su store not really a company I
think it's like this it's a private Etsy
store but they offered to make me this
cool helmet Oh
we've got the portion of this that
allows you to breathe if you're up in
the areas or something I look kind of
vain
oh my god it's Pikachu themes also he's
going to be so jealous
it says Babcock - oh my god this is
awesome
dear Miss Babcock hope all is going well
at the new place it took some work but I
think we made a helmet we could be proud
of and one you'd like it would be
wonderful if you could give us a shout
out on YouTube or Instagram we are
Detroit comic art and we sell on Etsy we
hope you're as thrilled as we are and
good luck captain
Detroit comic art on Etsy I'm going to
be posting their link in the description
this is absolutely wonderful you guys
did such an amazing fucking job oh my
god this is beyond my wildest fucking
fantasies of what you guys said you were
going to do oh man this is cool okay so
we have to figure out how the fuck to
use this with it though I think it's
something like this either way let me
try to get in for like a sexy thumbnail
style shot I'll figure out how to put
this on later and I'll do some Instagram
pictures so Instagram and YouTube I'm
going to be posting Detroit comic arts
in the description so check them out if
you want your own fucking custom crazy
ass helmet this is great way high
quality I love that it's pikachu themed
ground control to Major Tom
I'll stop bo is like turning in his
grave right now thank you
thank you you guys are awesome also
thank you to my patrons for allowing me
to have oh my god what is this I see a
carrot Oh - cat carrot thank you to my
patrons for allowing me to get a better
camera a few better things for my
equipment and a better one so I hope you
guys are enjoying all the new settles in
new places and yes thank you guys for
fucking everything so this is a 24-carat
cat carrots 100% catnip filled in and
fun fact I'm not like a cat experts I'm
sorry with all that like cat facts I
know I know it's probably obnoxious oh
she's coming
Katniss cat anyway 50% of cats aren't
actually immune to catnip and all cats
not respond to catnip until they're
three months old so I'm continually
trying catenin but even but it doesn't
seem like it works with her but then
again we don't actually know her real
age so she could be a little bit
younger than three months right now but
it's looking like she doesn't care so
this box was from Melanie Oh Melanie
Tara Congrats on your new little family
I hope every new chapter of your life
always ends with happy ever after I'm so
sad that I can't be active a discord new
job but I'll always be a loyal fan xox I
adore you Melanie Oh Melanie you are
fucking beautiful by the way please be
more active on discord females only and
post pics you're one of the most
beautiful females I know and even more
so now that I have a pink Yoshi from you
I actually have like in my Nintendo wall
there's one place missing for Yoshi and
I'm actually like spacing them out but
now I can finally sell it with my finger
feet oh this is so cute I hate tag
always even got a little mouth look at
his mouth Oh awesome love you girl I
adore you too we've got something from
John black John back it's a song I've
got Power Rangers oh shit I don't even
watch this yet J is gonna be so happy I
think you like Sky Rangers twice as much
as I do roughly I want that pink Power
Ranger suit like real bad alright let's
open your card which is just thank you
if you took all the awesome friend great
person things about you and stack them
up as high as they go Auto way gift card
there's Subway's next to my house thank
you that shit would be really tall thank
you for helping make my day that much
more pleasurable to get through from
Sean ohh Sean that's the wrong - but
Sean you're so perfect I love you this
oddly enough it's how I feel about you
so thank you so much we've got something
from somewhere oh it's from Barney hi
Tara I hope you and J and Eve have
unpacked and settled in your new home my
first gift to you not the last I hope
you like it enjoy your gift from Steve
aka Barney what Thank You Barney if you
want to be called Barney or Steve oh
they're like metal leggings let's go put
these on oh I feel like I've been
screaming
love them Thank You Barney oh you're
fucking awesome one of the things I miss
the most about mmm
new leggings you guys have made my
fucking day amazing and I'm not even
done yet you're a fuckin badass you did
not have to hi Tara thought you and J
could use this very sexually yours Lucas
Taylor PS welcome to Vegas this is not
Donald I have it on good authority that
Lucas Taylor is Donald they tweet
similar things to me on the interweb so
let's see what Donald got me for my
sexuality how to talk to your chat about
gun safety and abstinence drugs Satanism
and other dangers that threaten their
vine lime okay we've got to read an
excerpt what's the problem with my cat
having premarital sex anyhow isn't it no
big deal our liberal media wants your
cat to think that most of their fellow
felines are having sex outside the
Covenant of marriage make no mistake
this is a lie al I've sculpted to serve
their heathen agenda a lie that will
cause American cats to fall into dip
purva tea one gift I know Donald won't
get Sniper Wolf my sworn enemy and the
person I want to be my secret lover my
hair fucking fell out come on girl
Thank You Donald okay Lucas okay
you're the best oh man what is this oh
shit who does this come from oh thank
god there's an that what no no
hold up a minute there it is okay thank
God I was going to kill myself
hi LMT have fun with the giant rubber
duck in your pool 80 inches I don't know
who's gonna fit in our pool I think you
overestimated warning this is not a
life-saving device I really feel like
this would work as a life-saving device
I feel like you're wrong and you should
just stop saying that but you guys see
how fucking big this is what my god it
has motherfucking eyelashes I don't
think I have no penis fucking hole is
it's like my actual gaping anus after I
have like an eight inch dick thrust in
there like literally there's no way I'm
gonna be able to do this should I do it
I might actually pass out should I pass
out on cam
slop dude okay
the room is actually starting to spin
already so Wow guys
holy shit can't pick it up okay okay
what does it say you have officially
become a crazy cat lady you do nothing
but post pics of Eve I think you're
obsessed anyway here's a housewarming
gift I thought you could use Oh fucking
shit oh fuck you know it's hilarious
okay so when we got this from the post
office or river-like jegos what is this
kitty litter Donald why oh man I miss
this series oh man guys if anyone wants
to send me a box cutter I actually don't
know where any of my box cars with this
old one that I stole from my dad even
when so I would appreciate you giving me
a box cutter as a gift
lovely LMT who does a black kitten
remind you of oh it's you Eve oh shit
collapsible three we can't Donal
dear LMT snowy and Panda got the
previous version of this toy now Queen
Eve gets the newer one oh yeah this is
the cat toy cat teeth capped it since
2.0 super circus going to be opening
this Oh baby you're sure e come around
what do you think of this kitty what do
you think of this kitty
what do you think of her do you like her
indifferent Oh like look at my cat in
this fucking hoody it's so fucking cute
I can't mine shafts ax J's gonna have to
put this together comes with balls can't
wait to show to you oh yeah he's he
Bailey it's like when you have something
between your teeth and you like popcorn
you can never get it out you guys are
fucking amazing so amazing to me I
absolutely appreciate everything you've
done for me I cannot wait to get your
letter to get your packages your kind
comments and your wishes and that hard
time in my life definitely got me
through so thank you like the video
subscribe to the channel if you enjoyed
we need to add more obligatory a shot so
one moment and I will see you guys next
week in another episode of Friday night
mail I fucking love you yeah now to have
J blow up this ducky and go jump in the
pool with all my clothes on or all my
clothes off Wow
all right guys it's duck time oh shit
it's bigger than I own oh oh okay cool
normalization let's go oh fuck some up
the camera
you okay beetle buddy awesome don't go
on the pool anymore because that's
retarded
oh shit will you take her out front okay
what your hand she's a beetle she's a
beetle jesus fucking christ Jay bye-bye
beetle bloody okay oh man I'm gonna get
wet oh oh oh don't work it worked
go push me off just push me off one time
you know I'll just push me on fire I
like to let go let here ah ah wonder
this is sufficient I think good boy
rubber song what an idiot wet cities yo
you
