a breast pump to make your nipple super
sensitive and erect so who cares why not
do your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to my bedroom
today we're going to be going through
all of my sex toys like the whole
collection as you guys probably know or
might not know but now you do I have not
finished unpacking one thing I haven't
finished unpacking is my entire
collection of sex toys including some
pasties and other things that I use for
fanservice Friday my favorite text toys
that I used to use on a daily basis
until I moved and now I've just been
having regular sex all the time not that
that's a bad thing anyway I thought this
would be a fun and interesting video
because a few people have asked me to do
like full sex toy collection show off I
guess and other people have said do sex
toy haul and since I do already do a sex
toy unboxings and reviews I thought it
would be fun to show you guys my entire
collection and it's a lot somehow I spit
it into this large and very heavy box
that I had to make J pick up and put on
the bed for me so I could even do this I
would also like to introduce you guys to
the place where I'll be doing sex ed for
the foreseeable future I'm not sure when
or if I'll switch it up and actually
make a set making different sets clearly
requires a lot more room than I thought
it would I kind of need like a really
big one room studio so without further
ado since this might be a really long
video let's just get into it the first
thing on the top these are the two
things I've actually taken out of the
box because I made a fanservice Friday
with these two a few days ago this is a
realistic dildo pink I have two of these
I think and this is my favorite of all
time Lube I don't often need or use Lube
because I can always just use my saliva
and J happens to be uncut and I happen
to be someone who does get a wet vagina
pretty easily so it's not that necessary
but when I do need Lube like if I'm
using a toy don't want to get any
chafing spunk is my favorite it looks
and acts a lot like real come to which
is cool but at the same time it does not
taste like real comb which is very
disappointing the next thing we have is
a lips product I got the lips products
recently this is a purple dildo I think
if you just like wants to try it out
it's good but I have so many and I do
have a favorite sometimes I'm not too
into variety so I don't know
solid dildo
but I've got a black plug that leaves a
nice luscious cosplay slash hentai
splash I don't know what the fuck so it
looks like you have a tail but a really
really low set tail pretty cool stuff
got this in Friday night mail put it on
in a Friday night mail we've got the
we-vibe I actually bought this myself or
did I have someone buy it for me I can't
remember it was on my wish list and I
might have bought it myself and I don't
remember it's been so long I used to
like once or twice and I don't like love
it I thought I would absolutely love it
quite a funny story Toby's sister
actually turned me on to weave vibes but
enough of that the next thing we have is
something I have not yet opened but I
actually am wanting to do a fanservice
Friday but this is going to be
absolutely amazing this is a big black
dildo with a suction cup but in addition
it also squirts out semen from the ball
reservoir like this video if you want to
see this in fanservice Friday it's going
to be fun we got another lips product
here same dildo a different color a
paddle
ouch oh this is one of my favorites this
is my rubber duckie I usually keep them
in the shower and from now on I'm going
to put them back in the shower or near
the bathtub or something he is a rubber
duckie that looks inconspicuous but did
you run out of batteries little duckie I
guess had to change his batteries but he
vibrates with like five different speeds
it's really cool so it's like a sex in
the tub quickie masturbation vibrating
rubber duck that you can have in front
of guests moving on
Pacey's here we've got a bag I had to
throw away a few sex toys because they
like melded together before I move so
this is the entire collection of
everything that I've ever had
this is Thor's hammer dildo version yes
that is what I do to my vagina
I actually know you're supposed to just
stick it in this wonderful little gem is
something you stick in your mouth it's
like a tiny penis head and then you
strap it to your head and it's kind of
like an alternative interesting gag it's
really cool I like that one I like the
semi bondage cool shit this was my
favorite dildo for a very very long time
in fact I actually lost the bottom part
here before I moved and and found it
again while I was moving
a bunch of hairs on it from the anal
butt plug thingamajig
but yeah I just love this one it
actually does a lot of really cool shit
these middle things here like vibrate
and spin around this vibrates it's an
anal thing and it's like triple
penetration skin colored pasties and
pasties which I have you pink ball gag
from my soul pink bondage set this is
like a gummy new ring type thing that's
like double penetration for the vagina
and the anus I like this thing is it's
actually a jelly dildo with the suction
cup on the bottom but the kick is it it
actually has a vibrating mechanism
inside so it's better and it has this
little spot here which can hit your clip
love it part of my weird door sex swing
the other half this is that dildo that I
reviewed recently and it vibrates really
strongly and it also lights up red but I
can't see the red light up unless it's
in the dark in here we have busty
Britney I can already tell we have busty
Britney in here
Oh how has busty Britney fared the 120
degree weather plus in the u-haul
here's busty Britney's anus as you get
to the king sleep and her pussy Grantley
I put her in headfirst ah yeah this is
actually a male masturbator anytime I
get any kind of male toys I always make
Jay try them but I just throw them in
with my toys and he doesn't really use
toys that often so they're mostly just
for my jiggly pleasure
got a load busty Britney here's the rest
of the pink bondage that we've got fuzzy
handcuffs fuzzy I cover things fuzzy
color and some hot pink bondage rope
actually that width that Eve completely
destroyed with her first toy here I just
pulled from the set because I had it
handy and just used it as a cat toy
self-explanatory
America paces that if I hadn't had a
terrible time moving down here I would
have used for fourth of July there's
always next year
Blackheart pasties this is the coolest
looking male masturbator you pull it out
of here and then you can open it to
clean it it's really cool like that and
you stick it back there and doesn't even
really look like a male masturbator so
you could have this shit on your counter
as long as your friends aren't super
grabby because that would be awkward
assorted pastries and other things we've
got like fuzzy pasties glittery pasties
seashell pasties from my baby girl Demi
thank you again
this is the bondage rope that straps to
your bed which I'm glad I found this
thing is weird as fuck dude it's like I
think this goes into your vagina and
then this like spins around and flaps
onto your legs clitoris I guess I don't
know I tried it once and it wasn't
really my thing but nevertheless a cool
alien style sex toy bondage tape
definitely sticks to itself this is my
favorite sex toy right now and it's so
fluffy oh my god it's a great product I
swear by it forget what company it's
from but it's good a breast pump to make
your nipple super sensitive and erect
this is a secretory version of that
thing that you might have seen you need
gurus use to tighten the skin around the
mouth or the face or something or make
yourself slimmer in the face I don't
know I actually have been trying it
everyday to try to see if it does
anything not this one but the actual
beauty one I don't know does my face
look super slim basically just meant to
keep your mouth open so you can insert
things into it kind of like a gag but
with a hole this thing is weird if you
guys follow me on Instagram you saw me
scaring Eve with it he was actually
laying right here don't know if you guys
can see there she is she's so cute
what's he doing so you turn this on and
it basically just attacks your vagina
with like Soundwave pulses sound like
that candy nipple tassels for fanservice
Friday to be eaten off later by Jay
maybe I should do a fanservice where I
eat them off of myself like I don't know
if that'd be sexy or funny
we're both this is my second favorite
Lube this is from Adam and Eve by the
way most of my products are from Adam
and Eve so if you want to get any kind
of sex toys you know I have that 50% off
any one item with free shipping in the
US and Canada mail you always get that
link in the description code is Tara
this is not a sponsored video by the way
we've got another one this is a male sex
toy you put this around the ball and
penis and then you insert this into the
anus jerk-off dick stays extra hard
balls are simulated and prostate
stimulated it's the trifecta this thing
you stick your clitoris in between and
it kind of vibrates and your clitoris
making you cum real fast I used to love
this thing but the battery died so
quickly and whenever I do just clitoral
play I'm always missing the key
component in stretching my vagina out
and
is some kind of actual vaginal
penetration another male prostate sex
toy J won't use these by the way a butt
plug from the same male set that can be
used for male or female unison dildo
with a rabbit vibe similar dildo with a
rabbit vibe and an anal tickler a mini
version of that one that used to be for
back massages oh my god these things
from SNM followed me all the way to
Vegas anyway did you have to be for back
massages and now they're for just
stimulating your clitoris but it's a
mini version I used to love this thing
it's the g-spot vibe
pull the to long mo but that means I get
to grip it easier ah need to reposition
myself redo my hair loving this lighting
what do you guys think about this new
set was it worth me dragging all of my
equipment here let me know in the
comments all right so we've got this is
a love cage right here this stimulates
the clitoris this goes on the penis and
this goes on the ball it's basically a
his-and-her pleasure love cage here is
my big ass gummy double-ended dildo of
Awesomeness that you can also use as a
baton oh yes ah and hit yourself in the
head with can also be used to fend off
attackers in a home invasion situation
paranoia 101 more rabbit vibes one of my
favorite of all time rabbit vibes I love
this thing all those curves and it's
such soft silicone oh my god this one's
weird it's like a tickler for your anus
or vagina and you can also use it on
your clitoris I don't know I haven't
used it much a blindfold
Pacey's one pasty where's the other
pasty so we've got this anal toy it's
meant for men but basically what you do
is you stick it in your anus and you
pump this up and it gets bigger and
bigger and it adds like a ton of
pressure and they could just hold this
and release that anal pressure fuzzy
nipple pasties this crazy demon sex mask
I got from S&M very good for rubber
tongue I would say still though I've
never tried here's a big version of what
I was telling you about this can be used
for your back it actually is a really
good back massager it can also just be
used on your clitoris like whatever this
is Adam and Eve version super high
quality five year old
you know the drill magic stamina spray
for men to make you go longer it
desensitizes you a little bit basically
sex ribbon for the face or for the hands
more sex ribbon one of the most
realistic dildos I own it's not that
realistic in how many penises there are
though anal and vaginal stimulation you
know I used to love this thing this
thing basically is like a strap-on but a
strapless strap-on and by I used to love
it I mean I thought it was hilarious
I've never actually used it on anyone
it'll take ten e-1 with it but it
basically goes either into the anus or
the vagina preferably the vagina because
you have more to work with here for your
partner but I just love the idea of not
having anything strapped to you and you
have to use your Kegel muscles or
something
keep this in while you fuck someone cute
little lingerie like pasties here it is
my other anime hentai anal tail butt
plug thing I like this one better
because the glass is kind of like almost
like amber I would expect to have like
some kind of bug or scorpion inside
there this little gem the obligatory set
of bright red anal beads and here it is
the shame default big black and
realistic 10-inch dildo more satin
bondage rope my first but plug a glass
butt plug training sighs a literal
vibrating tongue that kind of looks like
a hot chili pepper no my Sailor Moon
glass dildo I don't know if it's
actually Sailor Moon but it looks Sailor
Moon II doesn't it love this thing but I
find glass to be kind of an abrasive
feeling material for actual sex toy play
clamps that simultaneously stick to my
nipples and my vagina
right on that clitoris oh yeah looks
really hot on a naked chick too by the
way another glass dildo from the start
of my collection you can put this
vibrating mouth on your dick while you
fuck your girlfriend's my first
delapidated falling apart
dildo my first man I've loved this thing
so many times I think I was like 17 when
I got this I went into Spencer's and was
able to buy it without proving that I
was 18 it was so happy to have a real
sex toy tiny set of anal beads so I've
actually opened this and tried it it's
really weird it's like a centipede dildo
but it says cute dragon and
like super Asian like there's a lot of
Engrish on it very interesting kind of
poorly made dildo and my dog bone gag Oh
foreign Hara jawbreaker gag I had a pink
one of these that I really liked this
one matches my outfit more though and no
I didn't finish the job breaker of the
last one I actually used it in modeling
shoot suction cups for nipples bed
vibrates so on my lip gloss
that's not where that belongs this thing
zaps you it's actually it's actually for
electricity play
I found it doesn't work properly so I
don't use it but I definitely would
because you know I like a little pain
standard black bondage rope with this
attached this is actually a pinwheel I
like it being used on my ass and my
nipples but sparingly it's got a bunch
of sharp little razor blades on it this
is a weird ass attachment for a dildo
which I don't know what the use of this
is it's quite confusing we've got some
Lube and some go long delay spray from
out of mini use this little g-spot vibe
tassel pasties this butterfly vibrator
which I like quite a bit I like how
thick it is here
a pack of sexual position cards a
vibrating bullet with extra batteries
nipple tassels nipple tassels it's like
this sex toy a lot it's just the
standard verb I like curved dildo good
shit Pacey's realistic and realistically
sized dildo with balls and a suction cup
this is kind of like my cutoff for size
this is like the minimum that I would go
and realize it's really vascular so
that's a plus balls are a little on the
small side for me but there you go this
is my minimum I think it's probably like
six inches you guys always ask this is
an extra large penis pump J has tried
this pink fuzzy Cup little connected
Benoit ball and a little red butt plugs
mask cock ring finger vibe for all that
clitoral pleasure or anal red sex mask
sex dice more loose vibrating cock cage
and climax female pleasure amplification
I didn't really feel anything might work
on other girls though I don't really
have a problem climaxing these are my
favourite nipple clamps ever they're so
cute got little hearts on them
you look really good on my nipples
bullet vibes and last but not least one
of my favorites of my collection ever my
Kegel weight you've got a bunch of
different ways in there I love this set
oh my god all right guys other than a
couple loose pasties and a few charging
tables it looks like that's it that is
my entire collection of still usable sex
toys everything all of it not including
lingerie and stuff like that I think
I've enjoyed this video like the video
if you did let me know which one looks
the most interesting and the most
pleasurable and oh my god I have to tell
you guys I've had on my wish list for a
while but I actually am probably going
to buy it for myself I want like a chest
like a chest from like a video game like
a real kick it open in a video game
chest I want a line it was like a silk
or a velvet and then put all of my sex
toys in that box and have like a
treasure chest of sex toys it's like a
horny girl dream come true alright guys
like the video and subscribe if you
enjoyed it let me know what you think
it's a new set if you're excited for the
next sex ed which is going to be all
about how to flirt and if you enjoyed
this video thanks guys I appreciate it
wow this was fun I feel the need to say
keep sucking
