do you know that sometimes she takes a
shit do you think she's hot while she's
taking a shit so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want what's up guys and welcome to
my YouTube er only smash and pass and
yes I actually did find in all of my
boxes my original smash and pass little
notepad thing so we're gonna be using
those but also to make this a little bit
more interesting than it already is we
are going to be taking shots of Smirnoff
vanilla vodka because it's all I had
leftover I brought it from Seattle to
here and I've been trying to finish it
without throwing it away I do not drink
unless I'm doing a drunk stream with my
friend red which I haven't done in a
very long time I've only done like I
think five or less times last year maybe
a little bit more than that but I don't
drink of my own volition I drink for you
guys let's see how this goes we're gonna
we're gonna take a commemorative first
shot and I'm gonna try my best I'm not
gonna promise you guys but I'm gonna try
my best to take a shot every single time
I find someone smashable and I think
this is gonna be a big shots it's
actually pretty full I'm gonna take as
much smaller shots than this because I
get fucked quick and yeah let's go ah
got it fucking hate alcohol yes my shot
glass does have dr. robotnik on it so
I've compiled a list of people some of
which I had to look up because I didn't
know who they were that you guys chose
from Twitter and Instagram for me to
smash or pass you'll see how quickly I
become completely inebriated by the way
before we get started if you stay to the
end I'm gonna give you a few people from
YouTube that you guys didn't recommend
that I will smash or I guess would smash
so in the interest of trying to not make
this the longest video I've ever
recorded let's go ahead and get started
jacksFilms Pass Jessica Nigri I will
smash as long as she has a paper bag
over her face and doesn't talk or try to
be funny this shot is for Jessica Nigri
Stitz her wonderful tits and by the way
if you guys think this is rude this is
just a hundred percent honest I have no
reason to lie I don't think that the
measure of a person's worth has anything
to do with if I find them attractive
enough to bang if you find any of this
event
so you can't really find a fence in
truth right I personally find a fence uh
an untruth so if you find disagreement
with me or my openness maybe this isn't
the channel for you moving on I can't
believe I have to say that every video
because I know some of these bigger
videos that are gonna draw in new
viewers people gonna be like she's
ghastly she's rude she's a bitch ghastly
I don't know the fuck did you guys cook
okay zoella
she's cute enough so we're gonna smash
her fuck dude okay the women on this
list are actually gonna kill me here
here's a shot to commemorate zoella and
her adorable face there they're tiny oh
that's not a tiny shot that's actually
kind of like a decent-sized shot I might
kill myself tonight we're gonna do our
best to drink responsibly today I don't
think I can do a shot for every smash
because there's a lot of girls on this
list and I am notoriously less picky and
specific about the girls that I'll fuck
because girls are just they're they're
hot - they're chilled or a supplement to
a good man I like threesomes and I'm
pretty indiscriminate about the girls
that I will fuck they just have to not
be awful I kind of have the standards of
a horny guy because like as long as
you're not obese or fucking terrible
I'll probably bang you jenna Marbles
okay so I'm gonna pass her in 2018 a few
years ago I would have said smashed
because she was super hot back in the
day but now I feel like she's just
gotten a little frumpy she's wearing
like big men's shirts like a hundred
percent of the time and she's not
attractive to me anymore I don't know
she used to be pretty attractive sniper
old is a hard smash and by the way guys
there's hard pass and hard smash so
there's hard smash which is like oh
we're - fuck them so bad and then smash
which is just like yeah I'd fuck them
you know and sometimes I'll add a
stipulation and they're like 'hey you
got to get me a real drunk pass is like
now i'm just not interested in hard
passes like I actually do not like this
person or I find this person like vomit
worthy unattractive god I keep fucking
pouring myself way too much I'm gonna
drink half of that and then keep the
next half for next time
lazy case summers okay so I don't like
the wait Laci Kae summers is like mouth
and face looks and I don't like how big
she is I prefer like very small petite
and like circumference Lea little women
and she just looks like a big Amazon
chick also I've listened to her talk and
it's like
literally I just want to shoot myself in
the head but she's got the style where I
would smash her as long as there is a
guy involved that I would also smash
like a threesome like I would invite her
over with J and we could smash just
don't talk too much let's hit it for
that Laci Kae Laci Kae oh okay
Tanner Foxx looks like he's 5 years old
actually I did Google when someone
suggested him to see if he was 18 plus
because if he's not 18 plus I feel kinda
awkward and kind of illegal like my 18
year old boyfriends were definitely way
more adult looking than he is
I don't like young looking effeminate
dude so we're passing scooter Brad okay
so I downloaded images of these people
and I don't remember scooter Brad so
I've have to look it up scooter Brad is
a pass next we have pink metal head pink
metal head is really cool and I actually
subscribed to her from you guys and
suggestions thank you very much but I
feel like she's a little chunky for my
taste so we're gonna have to pass and I
feel that alcohol hitting me so I'm very
glad that I'm passing
okay so Elena the plug is just not my
type the huge gigantic thighs and ass
it's just like a huge turnoff to me and
women I don't know I don't know why I
said in women and men as well when they
have the effeminate like booty body
unless they have a nice tight muscular
bodybuilder ass good night to pass ok
PewDiePie I would smash PewDiePie I mean
the beard is really nice that he looks
good with a beard and also like Kim I
you don't just not smash the biggest
youtuber I feel like I would it would be
one of the few times where I would smash
someone just because of their status
usually I'm not very star fucked alright
pewds an honorary fucking half shot
oh the top is off I was trying to screw
the top off did you guys see that
that was terrible okay take it slow Tara
that's a little bit big we're gonna do
an aerial Jack septic eye which in my
last Smasher pass video if you want to
watch it link will be in the description
I called him Jack skeptic I because that
just makes more sense what is he septic
like his eye is septic I'm in a hard
pass dirt jerk gym hard bass Jack
skeptic i markiplier hard pass
I can't stand markiplier I don't know
I've seen some of these YouTube guys
like virtue signal and act really fake
and like cry on camera and I just feel
like their personalities are so
manufactured that it's like no Jake Paul
if you guys watched my controversial
people I would fuck video Jake Paul is
one of them but there's a stipulation I
would have to be the dominant one in the
situation I would be very very shocked
if he was able to out dominate me in
which case he could like fucking choke
me bend me over fuck me whatever I would
fuck Jake Paul and the next person also
we're gonna do one shot for both of
these I would fuck Logan Paul so smashed
but not hard smash just smash I feel
like Logan Paul's hotter than Jake Paul
even though Jake Paul kinda has a
better-looking face Logan Paul's
actually got some muscle you know and
he's a little bit older I don't prefer
men that are like five years younger
than me how much is it I can't do the
Matt like six years I don't prefer men
that are more than less younger than me
I'll send my shots for the Jake Paul
brothers could they make me orgasm god I
would hope so cuz it's so easy to make
me orgasm hmm all right ksi pass pokey
main I would smash her she's kind she's
cute she's not like super hot like I
have a friend you guys might know him
from my stream his name is cold the kind
he's like in love with her like whatever
we're doing it we're doing a shot for
pokey main who I thought was only on
twitch but apparently you guys are the
authority all right Tyler won uh fucking
hard pass he just looks like a weird
goiter head like you know doctor
disrespect Pass I guess some black guy
okay oh I'm not just saying like Oh some
random black guy because you guys know I
like BBC or whatever in like BBC porn
but like some black guy on YouTube like
Derrick Blackman is his pseudonym I
guess I would smash him but I'd have to
be at least this drunk or drunkard he's
got a great YouTube channel by the way
he's one of the few quote/unquote
skeptics and few youtubers that actually
you know acknowledges that I exist a lot
of people seem to disassociate
themselves with me but here's to you
their conductor Robotnik as you land a
Zealand lookin fine
delaying getting smashed as when we
smash as you leave us seems good there
is a point where I feel like I'm too
drunk to to function anyway who as he'll
and yeah jason nash jason jason nash is
Tricia's whatever right now i don't mean
that maliciously like they say they
don't date than they do then he got a
tattoo of hers and yes I follow Trisha
Paytas no goddamnit I spilled the
leftovers of my shot onto my foot I'm
gonna pass but um what was I saying
hope scope hope scope is a pet as a
smash she's got a nice body from what I
remember Jesus mash hope scope you get
the little dribbles cuz if I take any my
home I might actually died of alcohol
poisoning
Chloe Morello all of the fucking bitches
on YouTube that do makeup there like so
symmetrical and they know how to make
themselves look so much better and
they're like just sexy hoes all the
bitches on YouTube who do makeup
including Geoffrey start just it's just
a smash you know so who was it
I don't usually judge bitches too
harshly on their makeup or not makeup
because saying like do you know what she
looks like without makeup on a girl that
wears makeup all the time is like do you
know that sometimes she takes a shit do
you think she's hot while she's taking a
shit it's like Chloe Morello I think
here's a tiny little dribble of shot for
you
oh I might die mat from demolition range
is a pass he just looks to fuck Shane
Dawson that's a pass I mean not only is
he gay which sometimes does not stop me
too much of the metrosexual ISM my dad
was okay so what is the category of like
I wouldn't fuck you out of my own
volition but if you raped me I wouldn't
be angry if you falls on that Lois and
upside down smash it's like an upside
down and fucking cross it's like a
pentagram that's right side up I don't
think that constitutes a shot you know
because I'm not willingly going out and
fucking him filthy Frank you this is a
hard pass I know it's you know like if
someone said you Terry Babcock I would
be like I don't care
you know articulation 0 Tara inebriation
a hundred h3h3
him and HeLa he was a smash Ethan is a
pass III addendum my speech I'm not
getting fucked this is a bad idea wasn't
she is what makes h3h3 funny in my
opinion like her nonchalant
very serious random statements Ethan
would be nothing without ela I'm not
gonna lie and I think he would agree
Matthew Patrick from game theory I don't
even know what the fuck oh yeah this is
he yeah yeah I've never heard okay I've
never watched I'm not never heard of it
I've never watched game theory I would
smash him I don't know he looks like the
kind of guy that I would smash Matthew
Patrick
I barely know your name but I will take
three drops of fucking vodka for you
Mikey from glam Gor okay so Mike is one
of the few girls that I think without
makeup looks pretty scary but that's
just because she likes shaved off her
eyebrows with makeup however like and
her facial features she's one of the
most beautiful women on YouTube in my
opinion hard smash for Mikey Mikey
you're cool you got the girl or you got
the glam that's what your channel is
about hit me up baby girl she's got a
nice body too she doesn't show it that
much but she's got a nice body remember
guys at the end of the video I'm gonna
be doing a few people that you guys
didn't suggest this knowledge list that
I would fuck Blair White's Blair White
is a smash she's a fucking tranny that
still has her dick and looks like a
woman do I need to say more I feel like
my food a fetish is like in full swing
especially when I'm drunk like I would
suck that bitch's dick like Blair you
need your dick sucked good fuckin hit me
up I'm good at sucking dick Oh pasty
nice sack one of the ugliest people I've
ever seen physically inside as well
because he seems like such a fake person
I don't know I don't like him I don't
like his content it's a hard smash Cabos
I feel like I'm saying that weird funny
sorry about kaavo's he when he had way
less subs than me made a rude video
about how I post sexy pictures on
patreon you know the standard fucking Oh
righteous indignation about how Tara
shows her body or whatever and then we
started talking and now he will lie cry
like I'll flirt with him
but and he'll why I don't know if he
tries to flirt with me but it seems like
he's flirting with me he's a cool dude
and I'm glad that he's blown the fuck up
and he's got something weird that I
don't like about his lips and I don't
know if he would reciprocate reciprocate
but I would smash him I will take a tiny
shot in your honor there's so many dude
I'm like not even close to the end Ryan
Higa is a hard hard smash he's one of
those Asians like I have a thing for
Asians particularly Asian girls but I
also have a thing for Asian guys and
when they got to like the broad
shoulders and they're kind of tall and
they got the cute asian face I just like
Asian guys a lot I really oh I really
miss about all it so bad I think we're
gonna substitute this for water shoe on
head Siwon had it as a smash
definitely a smash she's very physically
attractive she's a kid shit I had to
restart my footage cuz sobs good thing
that I noticed you funny cunt if you
ever want to leave armored skeptic and
come to the pussy persuasion hit me up
next prison is GG gorgeous I personally
think even though she's biologically
male that she is one of the most
attractive females I've ever seen I like
the fake look she's got a very nice
everything and it looks really good so
super hard smashes hard fucking smash I
don't think we would get along but I
think I could eat that pussy slut pussy
Trisha Paytas
sure sure paid this was in my last
master Pass video and I said if she lost
some weight she's got one of the
prettiest faces I've ever seen and I
would smash her but until then I'm a
passer since then she's got some lipo
and while lipo didn't make her skinny by
any means she has a better shape to her
body and her face is just so pretty I
don't know I would probably smash it I
would probably smash it you know you
don't knock it till you try it
Nicole Arbour I would smash her I'd find
her particularly funny or unfunny I
especially don't find her particularly
offensive or particularly attractive
she's just a skinny white girl that has
an okay face to you Nicole dave cullen
from computing forever another one of
the skeptics that it deading knows Tara
Babcock well I don't disagree with a lot
of things
he's a little bit of a like
sensationalist alarmist person with his
views what does this have to do with
fucking him right unless he's got a big
dick I'm gonna pass but Dave if you got
a big fucking dick let me know cuz I
will look past the ginger nests I mean
you got a beard if you just grow your
beard a little bit longer so I gotta
have a cod I'm gonna pass
I feel like destiny destroyed him and
that like killed his nice accent for me
Americans are kind of like damn you got
that accent though you're saying some
shit that I relatively agree with damn
though you're like a foot the next
prophet that sums up everyone's
obsession with Sargon of Akkad in a
nutshell Anita sarkeesian I feel like I
need is one of those people that like
there there are objective standards to
beauty and she just fails and all of
them I see a bunch of people saying like
oh I would love to fuck Anita sarkeesian
and put that bitch straight off of
feminism cuz she got some good dick you
know I feel like a media Anita is just
ugly just like actually ugly I wouldn't
even fucker like pass and I'm not saying
this because I disagree with everything
she's ever said in life I'm just saying
that because the bitch is eyebrows
though like they're just like fucking
just like haphazardly penciled in and
like fucking she got the Junos like the
why is this happening to me again every
time I fucking go horizontal that's he
said Thunderfoot I used to watch thunder
puts content but his aesthetic is just a
pass Philip defranco's a pass like he's
not I don't understand why like I saw
some guy in my discord say that he is
like goals for how he looks or whatever
so Melanie Mack she's a smash because
she's fucking hot they're all hot I
don't understand let's take a real shot
I think we can handle a real small shot
now small though small Tara fucking
Babcock goddamn why why did I do it why
did I allow you guys to pressure me into
drinking nobody had this idea by me I'm
just trying to pass the blame you know
like a leftist oh god damn it I didn't I
did horizontal again max mofo I don't
remember
looks like I feel like I'm drooling Oh
max mofo look she's got the hair like a
fucking terrible One Direction boyband
we're just gonna pass sad and flacid
penis for Mike mofo redhead redemption I
would fuck breadhead Redemption oh yeah
with or without the porn star makeup
which I prefer I almost don't understand
why she doesn't like her big ass fucking
her fake titties those titties look so
good they're like Tyrone Magnus is
passed because I've seen him so many
times was a bunch of fat over his muscle
if he is looking like he does
occasionally where he doesn't look like
he has as much fat over his muscle I
actually like fat over the muscle but
his kind of looks like Amica mas de Vera
Bambi I would pack our weight I would
smash Chavira Bambi but when she opens
her mouth something about like her gummy
like smile in her mouth bothers me I
have kind of a pet peeve about people's
mouths
birra keep your mouth closed and I will
fuck your holes yeah yeah beer is really
hot though every picture on Instagram I
saw her I was like damn girl you fucking
hot sieve HD I used to think sieve HD
was kind of hot but my smashing of him
it hinges on whether or not he's shaving
because I feel like the little blonde
guy like mustache and beard that he
sometimes has going on it's not
attractive so smash as long as he shaves
good good water that doesn't have a kick
that fucking tastes like ass so
youtube.com slash Anton p35 volunteered
himself he's one of my viewers or one of
my followers on Instagram I subscribe
but I don't think I was fucking he kind
of looks like a weird elf and he doesn't
have the body type that I like so I'm
gonna have to pass but thanks for having
the balls enough to fuck him and submit
yourself to my scrutiny I will post this
link in the description so you guys can
follow because he's a good sport Harley
from Epic Meal Time okay so I like
beards and I feel like that's why you
guys suggested him
I'm gonna have to pass he kind of looks
like homeless a beard nice Peter and
epiclloyd are both a pass from me
Achievement Hunter guys okay so I had to
go Billy said I don't watch achievement
hunters but all the guys barring some
kind of fucking proficiency in something
that just turns me on like crazy for no
reason or pass keep stars so I realized
recently that keemstar doesn't have any
hair that it's not that I would fuck him
either way it's just that I had a sex
dream I actually made a youtube video
about it where I had a goods like a real
good sex dream about
keemstar if he fucked the way he fucked
in my dreams and had hair I would smash
him but as it is as it stands Pat's
kitty plays she's not my type I don't
know pass Romagna is a hard smash
another person who I've interacted with
a little bit she's so straight-laced and
so conservative and so sweet that I kind
of just want to fuck her like real bad
you know because one one bitches be all
fucking money I'm SWE's fucking ooh it
would be fun to fuck her me being Who I
am and her being how she is doubt
that'll happen though
kisara Vera's gorgeous funny fucking
smash Matthew Santoro is one of my hard
passes hard passes he's such a beta and
so fake and he goes like ah it's like he
was one of the fucking inspiration for
my annoying things about youtubers I
can't stand the guy
I actually liked learning the 50 amazing
facts that he would present to us his
personality got so abrasive that I was
like I can't do it Alex
terrible this is someone you guys
recommended to me that I had not heard
about and Oh in that fucking mask like a
hard smash like he did a fucking
Slipknot cover and though he is no Corey
Taylor I was like so wet I was like fuck
dude that mask and that voice and like
some of the pictures I've seen of him
online googling for this particular
video like he's like I don't
something about his teeth and I don't
love him when he has short hair long
hair
mask-like fuckin he can have my pussy
anytime just Alex oh I'm getting close
to the end sugar tits a lot of people
don't know what sugar tits actually
looks like I do because I follow her on
Instagram I feel like sugar tits
and bearing both don't put them there
pictures I don't know why I'm like tits
but yeah sugar just is really pretty I
would smash I would smash and I would be
willing to postulate that bearing isn't
too unattractive Taba threesome sugar
tits sugar tits
I feel like it's possible she'd be down
yeah I'll take a small shot baby girl
hmm ah it's like the devil it's like the
devil is eating my face Paul D Wolfe
Holly Wolfe is hot enough
smash Cheers Holly Wolfe oh I'm sorry
mr. rode microphone next we have Ben
Shapiro who would suggest Ben Shapiro
it's like you guys don't even know me
okay my god like if someone asked me
what dick who would you want to
disappear in front of you right now and
they're like yeah baby you want to fuck
like it would be better Pierrot I want
to fuck Ben Shapiro so bad like holy
fuck dude like I could masturbate to his
like debates I don't know it sucks when
you you know you'll never get to fuck
someone I feel like this is on the level
of I'll never get to fuck James from
Team Rocket from Pokemon because not a
real person it's kind of the same
feeling when you know he'll never get to
seduce Ben Shapiro yeah I feel like you
wouldn't even take a selfie with me
because he'd be like she gonna rape me
Mia Khalifa her face she's got such a
nice body and nice tits and smash with a
paper bag Naomi Kyle that's just an easy
device man that's an easy smash just an
easy smash this into video games she got
the blonde hair she got the like a cute
girl you know scarce oh just the hardest
of smashes oh just the hardest of
smashes I find this content to be
obnoxious I find a lot of people's
content to be obnoxious it's like why do
you hurt you signal and act like what
you're doing is not self-serving what
someone acts like what they're doing is
like oh the moral thing to do and like I
am
a good person I see through that shit
like it's fucking glass pan a mojo I
can't stand her anymore
I honestly can't stand her anymore but
she's still kind of hot it looks like
she's getting a little more from peanut
you know Julian sulamita Julian is the
boyfriend husband and a boyfriend of
what is her name
jenna Marbles the boyfriend of jenna
Marbles Pass pass Oh artist pass the
artists baths
I saw a picture recently of Sniper Wolf
licking his foot and I was literally
like holy fuck this guy got it so good
you know what I don't even want to go
into this I'm drunk as fuck new J oh I
have to live this up again
Oh smooches got a nice body but I don't
like him
Paz and the last one is the Dolan twins
I think the Dolan twins are the twins
that works with a blogan Paul and Jake
Paul for a little bit they're a little
boy bandy so imma pass as promised we've
got a bonus round
bonus round the second shot for the
bonus man oh dicksterity one ter zero
wait what I caught it before it fellas
okay so people that no one suggested
that I would fuck Rob Dyke I wanted to
fuck Rob Dyke real bad for a long time
actually a fucking I dissented against
his opinion on suicide recently on
Instagram Instagram the next verse is
Luke from Linus tech tips people from my
discord know this well specifically a
few people from my discordant hard smash
I don't even know why I like him he's
not particularly attractive he's just
tall and he has that kind of bone
structure that I like a little bit but
he seems like such an idiot
there was one video I watched of lines
tech tips where he was like questioning
Linus in an asshole ish way if he could
use a certain word a certain way that he
definitely Linus was definitely in the
right I watched the video that
my friends J mood sent me where he was
like are you sure you can talk about
this about the like sjw feminists like
tampon thing this probably doesn't make
any sense to you guys but he seems like
an idiot an asshole and an idiot which
makes it worse or better I don't know
the hodgetwins
but only both of them I would fuck the
shit out of a threesome with the
hodgetwins I don't know how fucking
weird they would feel that would be to
fuck me as brothers like high-five like
I'm in no I mean I'm an ass you know
like that kind of thing
hottish twins are hot and they're also
fucking conservative which is
interesting the next one is the one I've
already talked about before and that's
steven crowder
steven crowder is probably second to ben
shapiro oh he's so fucking hot dude I
hate that he's got like a wife you know
let's take a shot of her Steven Carter
and ben shapiro and how i really wish
that i could bang them both but i never
will because they're conservatives who
are married Lauren Curtis the makeup ho
she's got sexy accent she looks fucking
hot especially with the lip injections
her and her boyfriend her boyfriend's a
little too pretty for me I would have a
threesome with them as the third party
where they could focus on each other and
be all like pink this is about you and
he'd be like babe this is about you
it's silly why are we doing like a
fucking Donald Trump accents I hope you
guys like this video like me to
subscribe if you enjoyed if you already
do more fucking drug shit fuck you fuck
you you know and I hope you guys
appreciated
oh how yummy water is when compared to
alcohol oh shit my fucking mic fill all
right guys I'm mad go stream drunk cuz I
think it'll be fun but but I love you
guys thank you subscribe patreon all the
garbage bullshit that nobody cares about
good bye
