when people ask me what's the best
moment of your life or the worst moment
of your life this was the worst moment
oh I didn't see that the pool wasn't big
enough
no dude like rat shit fucking everywhere
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want hey guys
welcome to a very important story time
today I'm going to tell you about the
worst week of my life I spent three to
four days homeless and this happened
only two weeks ago no it was my move
from Seattle to Vegas that completely
fucked me I'm going to tell you
everything that happened why it took me
a while to get more content up and what
was going through my mind
hopefully click make free because yes I
was homeless living in a hotel all the
way down here was a little stressful
because you know traveling and
relocating yourself driving yourself
down going like what is it like 3,000
miles or something no 11 her mouth I
don't know it was a long way from
Seattle to Vegas you can google it
yourself if you care but it took me two
days let's first talk about the road
trip I actually documented parts of the
road trip it wasn't like a crazy
documentation where it can be turned
into some really awesome road trip vlog
it was just kind of like every time I
took a stop I talked a little bit about
where we are and what I'm feeling and
got to show some scenery I showed a lot
of scenery actually the road trip down
from Seattle to Vegas is literally the
most beautiful thing in the world if you
ever decide to drive there go through
Idaho because like Twin Falls or
whatever it's called is so beautiful
anyway side tracks aside so my mom
decided to be nice enough and my dad as
well to drive both of our cars down so
we could ride with them instead of
putting that taxation on the tech
station that sounds like it's a misused
word basically I'm saying I want to tax
the car driving that far and partially
through the desert just didn't seem like
a good idea and we can consolidate cars
and all drive together and I wouldn't
have to pay for double the gas so my mom
having a CDL being a school bus driver
she decided to drive the u-haul with my
car attached to it and my dad would
drive his truck his new pickup truck
with Jays car attached to it and we were
switching off who would ride with who so
Jay and I didn't really get to spend
much time together which was a little
bit frustrating because we had to spend
time separately with my parents which in
a nutshell it's not that bad my parents
are great people but sometimes when you
put them in stressful situations yeah
they can be a little bit stressful they
add a little bit of the stress to it I
guess I would
I love you mom and dad and you'll see
later in the video how much I appreciate
them after this catastrophe so the first
day we didn't get very far we got like
to the edge of Oregon and Idaho which is
kind of like upset didn't feel like we
went very far when J and I were feeling
like we could get there in one day and
make pit stops that would make a great
vlog so I was a little bit stressed out
we found like a really shitty hotel in
Ontario Oregon or whatever it's called
it was like a Clarion and what annoyed
me the most is my dad wasn't feeling
well so he didn't want to drive the rest
of the way to Twin Falls or whatever but
I had already booked on his request a
hotel in Twin Falls so I never got the
money back long story short which is
fine because you know whatever least of
my problems right but I cancelled they
said they would give me the money back
then they never did and I forgot for a
week and now I just don't even know if I
can make a claim I never got like a
receipt so that was annoying also
finding a place where Eve can stay
because yes we drove Eve down Eve was
very very good she was a very very good
kitty on the way down she pretty much
just slept the whole time the only time
she was up was to play with me which was
kind of awesome because I loved playing
with her but anyway so the first night I
was a little bit discouraged so I was
like oh my god we're staying in a shitty
hotel we didn't really get very far this
is going to take like three days within
the second day we actually powered
through and we were able to get there by
the nighttime now let me tell you when I
was driving into Vegas I was I had a
swell of excitement I was so happy that
I was finally getting to this beautiful
at least it looked beautiful two-story
house oh my life
if I'm like blowing air enough let me
tell you the process of me it's locking
down this house okay so my real-estate
agent said that I can't start looking
for a house or I can't start locking
down a house more than a month ahead of
time I personally wanted to lock down a
house like four months ahead of time
just the out of sight out of mind now
it's my house but they want me to start
paying within a pretty small window of
me choosing the house and I like I can
lock the house down for half the rent or
just pay 50 bucks in out the house
waiting for me they want to rent out the
house and get the full rent immediately
so I was like okay I started looking a
month before and I was scrolling through
a bunch of houses I wanted a pool
because I wanted to be able to do fan
service Friday and pool vlogs and
basically just swim the biggest swimming
is like a great cardio exercise for
someone who has boobs that floats don't
have to wear a heavy-duty sports bra for
that so just all-around Jay wanted the
pool I wanted the pool and I was just
searching through things and I found
this beautiful two-story house with a
gorgeous red door I looked through the
pictures and I was like instantly this
is my house like I just felt it from my
core I think it's so beautiful so I had
my realtor go down there and check out
the house she was telling me everything
was great she's like I was a beautiful
house very charming it's not the best
neighborhood but it is a safe
neighborhood right and the only thing
she told me was wrong with it is that
the stove was a little dirty and there
was a little bit of water damage in the
shell now I don't blame my real estate
agent for any of this because I think it
looked different when she went there and
I don't think it's her job to be there
as my surrogate of course she's supposed
to have my interests in mind but she's
not supposed to be my eyes in my ears it
was my fault for not flying down there
the last time I flew to Vegas I was
having like insane panic attacks and
stuff so I was like I don't really want
to travel again just for this like I can
see in pictures and we actually did like
a FaceTime type call and I confirmed it
yeah I do want this house going through
the paperwork of this house seemed easy
breezy at first I filled it out put down
my $75 application fee and I just waited
my real-estate agent was telling me well
she wants to weigh the options of other
applicants we got a few more applicants
in we want to make sure we get the best
person so in my head I was thinking
there's no way I'm getting this place I
don't have a stable job my income is
unstable because I'm self-employed and
I've only been making as much money as
I've been making for the past like two
years so they're probably not going to
choose me on this
how lo and behold I was very easily
chosen after which I got a cat and when
I was applying I noticed they said no
pets and then on the lease agreement it
said that I can't have anyone else
staying there for more than 30 days
under any circumstance and I have to pay
for the people who are staying there
more than 15 days so I was like fuck the
reason I didn't put down the application
if he wouldn't really help me out that
much the only thing he has better than
me is a little bit better credit but we
decided to just keep things in my name
because it would just be simpler at
least I thought so I had to tell this
lady I just got a cat even though you're
not cat or pet friendly and I also have
a guy that lives with me who's not going
to contribute to the rent or anything
right now who doesn't want to be under
contract I was freaking out I was like
this is my dream house that I was
telling myself it's okay Tara there's no
reason to freak out there's plenty of
houses you'll find something even better
to my immense surprise they actually
accepted me and change the contract for
J and for you to stay with me a little
bit of red flags there the one thing
that was keeping all of my red flags
away is that they charge me double and
deposits because I didn't have a stable
job which to me made perfect sense they
want to make sure that they have first
and last and a little bit extra just in
case I like completely flop and I'm just
a huge disappointment in our lease
contract and everything and my real
estate agent was assuring me that there
are a lot of people in Vegas who come
here as tourists or who have different
kinds of jobs and so they just want to
make sure that the person is not a flake
understood I paid her eight grand in
first and last and deposit and
everything like that oh my god it was a
lot of money for me but this is my dream
house right
so anyway fast-forward back to when I
was in the car with my dad we were
driving into Vegas and I was just so
excited we drive in at night it's about
8:00 or 9:00 at night so it's dark we
drive in we park the house looks
wonderful the first thing I see walking
in is this bush with this gigantic
fucking Black Widow I've never seen a
black widow in my life I come from
Seattle where they're very rare few and
far between and probably in the shipping
containers and the woods and that's it
it was scary the thing was like this big
with its legs and it was just sitting
there like you have to actually maneuver
around it to get into the house so I'm
like okay whatever
I've been warned that Vegas has a lot of
bugs and stuff like that so it'll be
fine it'll be fine so we go in and the
next thing I see and I
think I told Jay this ever but I saw a
cockroach just laying there on the floor
dead I pick it up by it's like antenna
and I like throw it in the sink because
there's like a giant open gaping sink
without the like stopper in it and I'm
just like I don't want Jay to see this I
don't want my parents to see this
because they're going to think it's a
terrible house and I all I'm thinking is
that okay it has a bug problem a little
bit whoa was I wrong and I totally stop
sticking up for this house look
immediately walking around the first
thing we saw was at least 15 dead
cockroaches just laying around and some
live earwig looking thing which was
really creepy
so not all the bugs were dead I opened
the back sliding glass to look into the
backyard where the pool is and literally
just like hundreds of bugs just
scattered in all directions and I'm
thinking okay this is not what I signed
up for this is a bug infested house but
whatever we'll just tell the landlady
and she will get it sprayed and
everything will be fine or we'll have
like an exterminator that like pokes of
the bugs out or something whoa was I an
idealist but it doesn't fucking stop
there none of the appliances worked the
washer I think it was or the dryer I'm
not sure which didn't work at all the
knob was just sitting there on the top
and you couldn't even put it back on
because it was broken same with one of
the knobs for the stove not only that
the stove had not been cleaned nothing
had been cleaned it was so funny because
walking into a few of the rooms that I
remember seeing in the pictures they
actually did that like vacuuming where
it leaves lines and looks really pretty
for you know pictures and stuff and they
only did it in the corners where you
could see from the angle that they were
taking the picture like literally I just
felt so gypped but the pictures were
nothing like they were supposed to be
and it was nothing like my real estate
agent was saying it was again not
blaming anyone here I don't want any
sympathy I'm just telling you what was
going through my head and how I felt and
yet I should have come down and okayed
the house in person I know this I'm
sorry biggest mistake of my life so at
this point I was stressed I was like
okay I can't stay in this house tonight
I'm gonna leave I'm going to call the
landlady the next day who was
conveniently out of the country and I'm
going to do my best to get this cleared
up they need to clean the house they
need to spray the house further the
water damage was rampant if you look
under the sink it was just like a
disgusting and I have some footage of
this I'll be throwing footage in here
over am I talking so you can see what I
mean I'm not exaggerating at all
major leaks underneath the sink and
damaged the cabinet button actually have
a fucking bowl there because they know
of it they know about this and they did
not disclose this to me it's a literal
ridiculous amount with placing filters
of leakage and when I was seeing the
water damage under the sinks and the
fact that none of the appliances worked
and how fucking disgustingly dirty and
roach infested it was I was just like I
can't live here and I was still bringing
like my suitcase in and just trying to
be okay with it
I literally there was a point where I
was carrying my suitcases in and I was
like just looking ahead just thinking
it's going to be okay we'll figure this
out it's just it looks worse at night it
looks worse when it's not cleaned I
don't know why they didn't have it
cleaned maybe it's like a
miscommunication with the landlord and
the middleman and the repairman and I
was just like trying to make excuses and
trying to tell myself it's okay
this is going to work out because it
fucking has to work out because
otherwise I don't have a house and I
just fucking relocated clothes my
account or whatever you would call it
with my apartment I have nowhere to
fucking live and I just started like
crying in the upstairs bathroom that I
was keeping is locked in because it was
the only place that looked like it
didn't have tons of roaches and I didn't
want her fucking eating roaches that had
been killed by pesticides so I just
kneeled down and like started crying and
Jay was like oh my god he was like
trying to support me and trying to be
strong for us because obviously he's
clearly internally freaking out too
because how the fuck can you live in
this place but we didn't even know the
fucking worst of it at this point my dad
and my mom who are very very not high
maintenance and who have disliked the
fact that I've been as high maintenance
as I am I don't consider myself super
high maintenance just in some certain
areas I kind of am they were telling me
okay we're gonna find a way to make this
work they were seeing a little inkling
of how they didn't even want to stay
there and it was funny because my dad
was saying that he was going to stay
with us the night like save money I was
like no I will pay to put you up in a
hotel and at this point they didn't even
want to stay there anymore they're like
guy yeah we'll get a hotel which is an
indication of how fucking bad it was but
we kept looking and there was like
insane stuff there like some of the
blinds were stuck in and held there with
bandages the water damage was so bad it
was leaking from the master bath into
the kitchen and like the
sedating the ceiling on top of that
every single cabinet was absolutely
filthy there was like rat feces
everywhere in one of the cabinets if you
go upstairs there's like these big
walk-in closets and up where you can't
even see at least where I can't even see
because I'm too short
there was like human hair and some
unidentified disgusting like sticky
liquid
so water damaged and spilled liquid just
disgusting absolutely that's our way
else's hair this wall is also destroyed
for whatever was happening here yeah
it's all real okay if I couldn't see his
Excellency so Romano what's on it yeah I
looked at that is anything yeah there's
some kind of more stuff up there in the
corner oh my god more what is that dead
rat
oh there might be string I don't know
what that it's with a lot of damage and
the whole house itself would like making
my parents and I and J feel really
nauseated and I was like feeling
uncomfortable too even having my cat in
there anymore because I just felt like
we were all starting to feel woozy and
it really just felt like chemically and
like all there was so much disgust I'm
probably not remembering a lot of it so
I'll put a bunch of footage over am I
talking to give you guys an idea but I'm
100% sure a hundred percent sure that
there is no one in the comments who
would feel comfortable living there
unless somehow you're watching YouTube
being a homeless person who's been
homeless for ten years and doesn't even
remember what a semblance of livable
even looks like then maybe you just want
a place to squat then yeah maybe at that
point you would live there but no it's
not livable it wasn't livable to my
parents and at this point I was like I
can't fucking live here under any
circumstances everything's broken
everything's beyond repair it would take
months to even make this place a place
that I would consider putting my stuff
or consider letting my cat run around so
we left and got a hotel that night I
went out to you with my parents and
literally only got fries now I expected
them I didn't really eat much of them I
like broke down crying a few times I
didn't want to cry I didn't want to act
like Oh mommy daddy please fix things
for me my parents are amazing at fixing
things for me especially my dad who's a
handyman one of the types of guys that
just likes to be helpful so much that he
refuses upper management positions
because that would take him out of the
field of work and make him less useful
and so I looked toward him for auto
mechanic stuff for fixing stuff but I
didn't want to
cry and be like mommy daddy here because
it didn't make any sense there's nothing
they can do but it was really amazing
how he was just like okay let's
formulate a plan think logically and get
through this rationally and I really
appreciate them for that like I my
entire life have been kind of berated
when I'm not as responsible as I should
be honestly I think I'm pretty
responsible for someone my age I'm
really well put together you know I'm
saying but in the head you know I don't
go and make frivolous purchases I don't
get into credit card debt without making
sure that I can pay it off no unsafe sex
no spending a lot of money on partying
I'm just very grounded I feel especially
compared to the average millennial
around my age but this I just felt like
girl you fucked up I didn't know what to
do to rectify it I was thinking like I
dunno what to do to rectify it but the
time it would take to do it is like
literally weeks I'm going to be homeless
for weeks and I have very little money
right now well I had money I had like
money on my credit cards and stuff that
I could spend but I had very little
actual palpable money in my bank account
because I was putting everything on my
credit cards to make sure I could prove
that I had enough to put money down this
house or whatever and I've been saving
money in my account and then I spent a
lot of it on the down payment and the
trip there because I'd pay for gas I had
to pay for the u-haul which turned out
to be like twenty five hundred dollars
and it was just oh I was like oh good
please what do i do oh my god what do I
do and it was it was awful I thought
about vlogging it but I just wasn't in
the mood and honestly I loved sharing
everything with you guys but sometimes I
don't want to make videos just for views
you know and I knew that me crying Tara
Babcock who never cries who's so logical
would definitely get a lot of fucking
views and it would definitely garner
support and pity basically but that's
not what I wanted I just wanted to think
clearly make appointments get everything
set up so the next day I called my
real-estate agent I was like what the
fuck I got in contact to be a text with
the middleman for my landlord and me
know the the broker the person handling
in her River and let me read you the
text she is very very very not
understanding actual English okay so
here we go I'm gonna read you the whole
thing and I'm sorry this is going to be
a long video but this is like literally
like I don't have many moments in my
life where when people ask me what's the
best moment of your life the worst
moment of your life this was the worst
moment usually before this I wouldn't be
able to say I don't have many bad
moments there's some bad day
but like they leave my mind soon because
I feel like I'm such an optimistic
person or a positive person in general
that things don't really get me down
that much I'm also more rational so I
don't like hang on to bad experiences
but anyway I have a lot of good
experiences too but I can't this is the
best day of my life anyway I can say
conclusively the source so I said hey
Linda this is Tara Babcock that moved
into the blank property I have quite a
few issues to discuss with you about the
property and this was before I saw any
of the like creepy shit or the unfixable
shit it is absolutely disgusting inside
and out not even cleaned at all dead
cockroaches everywhere and we have a cat
please call me as soon as you can this
place is unlivable and then she replied
like four hours later this was when I
went out to eat with my parents and I
hadn't yet discovered like how unlivable
it was like I had decided that I you
know I can't do this but she said hi
Tara I just got your message we will
have my assistant blank call you in the
morning to take care of your concerns
and I said okay thank you so much the
sooner the better and TM being very
genial with her right now she said Neil
will be calling I ordered bug spray the
house because the house been empty and
the weather has been extremely hot
causing bugs animal and human seeking
refuge inside don't be alarmed we taking
care of everything that's like the
extent of her English and like I'm not
racist I actually like Asians a lot more
than I like most white people and any
other race simply because you know I
like to look at like the Asian girls in
the Asian guys they're hot
and the culture Japanese culture Korean
culture all that but one thing I can't
stand is dealing with people where
there's a language barrier and something
against them I know a lot of people like
say oh my god I'm such a bitch for this
but if I can't completely articulate to
you what I mean
was something so important such as this
like what I need for the house or you
know what needs to be changed or
whatever it bothers me I can't have a
rapport or a conversation with someone
if there's a language barrier
I'm not saying English is the best or
anything like that but if I was in a
country and I was living there I would
learn to speak the language at least
enough to have these conversations I
replied with this is like me just
evolving into me wanting to kill myself
I said there are dead bugs inside
everywhere and everything is dirty light
bulbs not functional also outside has
tons of webs around the house couldn't
even go to the pool this is not
move-in-ready I will film and detail all
of my issues and have them ready
Neal when he calls assistant river thank
you this place is about 20 to 30 minutes
later I said this place is unlivable the
more I document and film the more dirt
grime and other people's belongings
flash hair / dirt and broken fixtures
I'm finding many things are unusable we
cannot live here we would like our money
back and a release from our contracts
because you have not provided me with a
liveable home the repairs needed would
take months and I'm being more firm now
and more assertive but that's just how I
felt like I needed my money back and I
was so hoping that there's some kind of
law Nevada where people can't just give
away homes that are actually factually
provably unlivable and I did document
the whole thing and uploaded it to
YouTube which I kind of want to share
with you guys but I don't know how I
feel about releasing the address of the
place because I don't know if there's
any way to trace that back to me having
been attendant for zero days she says
Tara no problem I will certainly honor
your wish and refund your deposit and
rent - the prorated days you occupied
the house that was about an hour later I
was so relieved but also so skeptical
I'm a cynical person I'm a misanthropic
person and I just never really trust
people on their word especially after
this I feel like I'm so much less of a
cynic than I should have been trusting
my real estate agent trusting this
person it was just like oh my god I said
we are not occupying the home what days
are you suggesting or prorated because I
never occupied the home and at the same
time while I was making my case I was
understanding that I might lose some of
the money or all of the money but I just
wanted to be out of this contract and
not have to pay monthly to not have to
pay a break in the lease because to me
it was just impossible to live there
impossible absolutely I said we're
staying in the Westin which is true we
stayed four days in the Westin which
sounds super like high class but in
Vegas a lot of the high-class places
they don't charge that much because they
make a lot of money in resort fees or
gambling and stuff like that because
they usually have casinos so I think it
was like 60 bucks a night and my mom
helped me out with this which thank you
so much mom you're so amazing plus we
had to pay a pet fee and let me tell you
how fucking hard it was to have Eve in
hotel rooms feeling bad about it leaving
her in there while I go out and do these
appointments and things it was just like
it was really stressful like really
fucking stressful on me and the Westin
was the only place I could find the only
place I could find that was pet friendly
but they charge an extra $35 in my fee
non-refundable for cleaning even though
you know he's not a fucking dirty cat
and then I said when and how will I have
my son's returned also can I have some
kind of agreement break in writing she
says I am out of town returning to Vegas
7:3 2017 I will meet you and return your
money you can sign a cancellation
agreement then and I said is there no
way that your assistant can do this for
me I'm essentially homeless right now
and I need the money and closer to find
a new home which was true and she said
no I have your checks which there should
only be one so I can only do this after
I return to Vegas so she like took her
checked out of the country or is she
saying that her assistant can't let go
in her law to draw or whatever who cares
I said okay thank you see you that on
the third and I'm trying to be genial
again I'm just trying to get what I need
out of this person who I just want to
like slit the throat of right now
obviously these are innermost thoughts
and not something I would ever actually
do as a disclaimer
fantasy versus reality I can't believe I
had to say this on YouTube because you
know I don't want my shit taken down for
violence and on the third she says
please advise if meeting at 2:00 p.m.
today to conclude our business at blank
is workable thank you I said yes that
works I said we are here when I got
there I got my money back I could
posited it was funny because that day
that I deposited it chase had their
functions down their systems down and
they were like I was totally not a hack
and I was thinking like did I just
deposit my 8 grand into an account that
got hacked or something I don't know I
got like all the conspiracy theorists in
my mind telling me that I need to you
know put my money in a mattress or
something but at that moment with that
amount of stress I was like oh my god
and I just to put things into
perspective we got there on the 28th of
June and she came back on the 3rd or 4th
of July so we had to wait like a few
days it was actually pretty
nerve-wracking I was thinking I'm not
gonna get my money back and all in
between this I'm talking to my real
estate agent who was so helpful at
getting me this house this house that
I'm so grateful to have even more so
that I would have been if I had just
organically found it because the last
minute I was within three days signing a
new lease for this amazing place which
you guys are going to get a tour of soon
that is even better than the place
should have been if it had been up kept
also my dad speculated that possibly
they were running some kind of meth lab
because did you see the way I looked at
you when she said she
seeking refuge yeah it sounds like
someone had broken into the property and
lived there and like cooks mess and
that's why we were getting dizzy I know
that sounds like another conspiracy
theory but I was literally feeling like
there's got to be something like that
going on there's no way that my real
estate agent could have been okay with
that and signed off on all this damage
and all this disgust but at the same
time a lot of its had to have been there
like you should see oh my god the
dishwasher was just like the most
disgusting like caked on hard water
damage like piles with like old food and
like I was so awful like so disgusting
literally the most disgusting place I've
ever been in I did not feel comfortable
even staying there for one night what
the fuck is this like this is supposed
to be a professional video but I can't
this is like what is this this is the
most disgusting thing I've ever seen
this is the hard water thing again
absolutely disgusting they could have
cleaned it they could have repaired it
they could like look at the edge like
it's not even cleaned they didn't even
do like a superficial wipe down at this
it was so disheartening I know this
sounds like super stuck-up or something
but I was just imagining after this long
road trip which to me was just hard like
my fingers on the road trips swelled up
so like double the size and I could
barely close my fists because I was
trying so hard not to drink too much
driving to the desert so I wouldn't have
to stop and pee so I could just get
there and like my skin turned into shit
still recuperating like you could see
like in bad lighting or something
without makeup I still have like little
bumps everywhere like it's just really
bad skin from that trip and I was
stressed and I wasn't worried about this
outcome or anything like this I was
thinking the only thing that could
happen is like we get there and you know
how we're supposed to have the key in
the lock box well like the lock box was
stuck or we couldn't find it or it
wasn't there that was the worst of my
worries for actually getting there like
most of my worry was just like being
stressed out on the trip you know and I
was looking so forward to this first
night and that's why I wouldn't let my
parents stay there because I was
imagining Jay and I on our little
mattress because we didn't bring our bed
and with Eve just enjoying our new house
and like celebrating with some fast food
maybe like pizza or something
a great time and being happy and being
like yes we finally made it and the
initial disappointment of that not being
able to happen was really hard on me but
then realizing that I'm going to be
homeless for and undisclosed amount of
time I was just thinking the worst I
always set myself up I don't expect
anything from people and I always set
myself up for the worst which makes me a
little bit more stressed out in the
present but in the future I'm never
disappointed I'm more just like really
happy like this was so serendipitous
that I found this place and I'm so
grateful to everyone at signature real
estate for helping me out I don't blame
my real estate agent at all for not
seeing these things for not
investigating further into the closets
because I mean it took me like three or
four times
it took me documenting everything to
notice how bad it was like literally um
the the gas guy had come and turned on
my gas and he left a note saying that
everything needs to be clean these
filters have not been serviced like a
lot of stuff needs to be serviced for
them to be okay with turning on the gas
or whatever and they gave me like a
little reprimand note so I had that as
well and just like everyone and their
dog was saying like this was
uninhabitable my real estate agent
actually came and took her own pictures
because she was helping me deal with the
broker of that house to get my money
back which the chick was not okay with
she was like stop bad-mouthing me she
actually sent my real estate agent a
nasty email talking about how were
defaming her and when I went to and get
my money back she was telling me like
other real estate agents would never do
this for you you should feel lucky and
like kind of shaming me and Jay was
saying like look at the rat poop look at
this and that and trying to just catch
her and like her own stupidity but
really I was like allowing her to shame
me because I was done with this fucking
bitch I had no more business with her I
got my money back I don't care what she
thinks I don't care if she's right it's
probably true that it's like she's
setting me up like I'm a flaky bitch you
know like I just didn't like the
property like oh I didn't see that the
pool wasn't big enough
no dude like rat shit fucking everywhere
dead cockroaches with pesticide infuse
into them to kill them laying all about
the house for my fucking cat to choke on
it's like literally oh I can't even I
just get so angry even thinking about
the fact that this bitch did this of you
know like I'm so it's so frustrating
that's the story everything worked out
I'm going to leave out all of the moving
in details and all the fun stuff about
this place and how amazing it's been
what's cool about this place and why I
was able to get it so quickly was that
it just came in the market and just came
on the market so much so that wasn't
even on the market publicly yet and my
real estate agent was like you know they
need this place to be painted there's a
few scuffs on the wall and a few places
that are dirty on the walls that need to
be painted and needs to be cleaned but
if you will take it as is which I was
100% fine with after what I had gone
through two-nil lower the price the
initial price was nineteen fifty and
this is a 3,000 square foot house it's
really fucking nice so 1950 was less
than I was paying I was paying like 20
to 50 or something a month for the other
house this being a fucking nicer house
and I thought they would take 50 bucks
off for it not being painted they took
off enough to make it 1750 so 200 bucks
a month I'm paying less 500 bucks or so
I'm paying less than the other
disgusting fucking house and it's so
hilarious when you walk into that house
like I could just keep going on about
how fucking pissed off and when you walk
into that house there's a sign that says
no shoes on the carpet but rat feces
unidentified weird fucking mess liquid
and all kinds of cockroaches all that's
just allowed on the fucking leg that is
like Asian stereotype taken to the max
like oh my god no shoes on the carpet
even on the sidewalk if that's your
house I mean that would be fucking
cleaner than what this was my parents
were so so supportive thank you guys so
much I really appreciate it they stayed
down here extra days they were going to
like take the flow way up the coast and
just explore and maybe camp a little bit
and it was my dad's one of my dad's only
times that he takes off but they stayed
down here a few extra days they helps me
pay for things they're so helpful to
continue the tangent I was going on
earlier they didn't make me feel like I
was irresponsible they didn't like shame
before they didn't go like well you
should have known oh just sometimes what
they're guilty of doing but then they
like apologize like I feel like it's
more just a parents thing to do than
anything else it doesn't really offend
me that they do that I get it thank you
guys so fucking much and thank you guys
for being chill about me being away for
a while
all of that and walking into this house
for the first time when I saw the
pictures that my real-estate agent was
showing me on the computer and she's
saying if you'll take it unpainted I was
like I don't really like to look at this
house in the pictures but I was willing
to take whatever I could get it had a
fucking pool which I was like insanely
happy about there's no way I was going
to get a pool at that short notice or I
would have to wait weeks and weeks so
when I got to this property I didn't
have high hopes or anything but I walked
in and without the furnishings I usually
don't like pictures of houses with
burnishing it's like it's furnished the
way I would never furnish it and
therefore it like makes it look less
attractive but when the house was
completely empty I'm like oh I could do
this and that and this and it'll be
awesome you know and that's what I was
thinking as soon as I stepped into this
house I was like this is it
and JE it was usually very nonchalant
about everything is usually like yeah
whatever works you know it's got a pool
that's a plus cool he was like this is
it and that just made me feel so good
and like for two days I had to sit there
like twiddling my thumbs just waiting
like please say yes please say yes and
they also said no pets so they were able
to allow Eve they were able to get me
and J as applicants on the contract so
now we're both renters here which is
fucking amazing it's not just me he's
allowed to be here
Eva's allowed to be here and it's just
it's perfect instead of stressing about
it this has taught me that I did need to
take a few extra days for myself so just
move in calmly not worry about making
content and take care of myself and just
appreciate the situation that I was
somehow serendipitously given that I did
not deserve and I am very fortunate I
don't believe in Lux I don't believe in
higher powers or what goes around comes
around other than you know like to pay
it forward kinda way but my mom very
much does and she was like this isn't
her here meant to be and I'm like you
know it really kind of feels like that
this time I really do feel that although
I know it's just some kind of
confirmation bias where this is crazy
and it worked out and has nothing to
actually do with anything in the
universe I'm happy now and I've got my
new setups I mean checking out new
lenses and I don't have a big care in
the world and I'm saving a lot of money
thank you guys thank you for watching if
you got through this whole video please
say the word
anal funbags anal funbags and all know
that you guys actually watched the video
I think this is going to be a really
entertaining video but even with the
quote-unquote clickbait title I don't
feel like a lot of people are going to
watch it because who gives a shit about
stuff that's not about sex and titties
but I know my core group of viewers the
people who I consider friends have
watched it and she want to thank
everyone I want to thank my patreon
patrons everyone who was supportive of
me and patient you guys are fucking
amazing and everyone who's like where's
Tara works I hope you get things sorted
out all of that amazing I love you guys
thanks for watching and I'll see you in
the next video what bye good
