what's up ladies and gentlemen in the
video you are about to see stop biting
my leg in the video you are about to see
the audio quality and the picture
quality is not as good as it is right
now I think I finally got it so yeah
dicks titties and bitches enjoy the
footage and expect higher quality in the
future so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
hey guys welcome to some new content
from my Vegas place I'm sorry if it's
echoey let me know in the comments I
might have to put up some of that anti
echo fluffing but anyway as you can see
the plushies for the Nintendo chair are
still away in the bags I was having Jai
help me put up the blue background for
the Nintendo area and he has a cool idea
of me unboxing and organizing all the
plushies here in a video first I wanted
to give a few updates I feel like
putting updates in here as well as
making the chair perfect it's just a
real great way to solidify that this is
my new place and do it with you guys my
new peel box is finally open it took me
a while because I had to get my ID and
all of my other documentation saying
that I'm actually a Nevada resident
which I now AM congratulations to myself
I am just so glad to be back creating
content honestly I had to review a lot
of parts of this video up until now like
10 times because I just forgot how to
camera I don't know it's really weird
like everything that helps is echoey
there's plenty of room well actually I
would still prefer a little bit more
room I wanted to make the master bedroom
into the place where I film everything
so it's like twice as big as this but
Jai was like come on we have a cool
master bedroom let's make it a really
nice place to hang out and to sleep so
I'm like okay fine so I have two rooms
to make sets in this is going to be my
first set and it's going to take a bit I
hate my hair today it's literally the
greasiest fucking thing in the world I
just keep messing with it I'm trying to
make it look normal
but anyway this is the first set there's
going to be another set the other set
room is connected by this really cool
bathroom it's like the second bath half
as cool as the master bath is still
pretty cool bath and yeah you guys look
at the house tour you'll get the info
I'm going to do a story time
about how I was homeless for three days
which is why it took me so long to get
things started because I had to look for
a new house it was a clusterfuck the
worst week of my life and I cannot wait
to share that with you guys I honestly
wish I would have shared it with you
while it was happening and I thought
about making the video where I would
probably break down and cry but then I
was like you know let's just deal with
things and not add in a bunch of stress
and add in bullshit with filming
I honestly decided that I'd rather just
do it fun after the fact now I can laugh
at the situation style story time rather
than being like what do I do and trying
to evoke sympathy from my viewership
anyway I want to thank all of you every
single one of you for being there and
supporting me while I've been away still
supporting me on patreon
still watching all of my posts on
Instagram and Twitter and everywhere
else I really just appreciate you guys
from the bottom of my heart all the
comments that I saw that are like
where's Tara when Tara coming back that
definitely melted my heart I love you
guys so much and I cannot wait to share
this amazing new space with you part of
that being let's go ahead and organize
it together we're going to be opening
all of the plushie bags all of them and
once I get to the organizing part I'm
probably gonna oh shit
I'm probably going to put it in
time-lapse mode because nobody wants to
sit there and watch me be a fucking
perfectionist for an insane amount of
time right are the Nintendo posses yeah
Oh Nintendo
nah she's I don't know what this couch
will be big enough you guys like
seriously I think it will be three more
bags to go oh shit we got big DK up in
here oh how do you guys like my new with
my new lens and my new camera by the way
I still need to play with the settings
it's still a little bit orange and a
little bit dark in the background but I
like how I'm lit up I can't tell in the
viewfinder that much right now oh oh my
god I don't know if I'm going to keep
the tetris pieces here because you know
doesn't really fit the theme alright
this is the last bag
oh there is the Goomba with one eyebrow
that everyone comments on because they
haven't seen the friday-night male
speaking of friday night mail as soon as
I get something from my new p.o box I
will be making Friday night mail and
starting it up again so the guys want to
send me something my new people box is
attached to my wishlist now it's also in
the description as always don't send
anything else to the rent and one as it
will just get returned you're not going
to like lose your money or your purchase
but whatever you purchase will be
returned for some reason there's no
possible way from the post office to
forward non USPS mail alright let's go
ahead and organize route
oh this is much harder than I thought it
would be
holy crap even after removing all of the
Pokemon stuff the tetris and the extra
neon Yoshi that just doesn't belong here
it's still really hard to fit it all in
there holy crap
here is the new and the room just
Nintendo chair yay ignore my sweaty pits
full use so let's talk a little bit real
quick before I go about all the things I
have in store for you guys within the
next couple weeks I have a sex set about
how to flirt when to flirt and why
flirting is good fucking favorites needs
to come out soon I have the story time
about how I was homeless like I told you
guys before I have the moving vlog I
have the road trip vlog which has little
tidbits of me in my actual Fear and
Loathing in Las Vegas once I got here
and realized that the place I had put
$1,000 on was absolutely uninhabitable
well there is so much this will improve
as time goes on the camera will improve
as time goes on I'll have different sets
I'm thinking about doing sex ed in my
bedroom until I have an actual sex ed
set fanservice Friday will be better
because I have a big bathtub a big
shower with the glass window I have a
pool so if you're interested in that
stuff head on over to patreon other than
that it should just be more of the same
but infinitely infinitely better again I
really appreciate your patience and I
cannot wait to have new Terry's comments
new sex ed new everything and new
titties well not new titties old titties
but in a new house so a new perspective
on titties I love you guys so much all
the stuff that I'm not using in this
setup will be over on my stream setup
for twitch.tv slash their Babcock so if
you're missing out on the Yoshi or oh my
god I found something totally forgot
about this anyway if you're missing
something that you no longer see here
it'll be over on the stream I have like
a whole new thing that I'm setting up so
the new stream setup is pretty badass
you'll have to see it for yourself twist
MTV slash Tara Babcock thank you for
being you and continuing to enjoy my
content so I can continue being me
shamelessly on the Internet
see you guys the next video it should be
really good or at least some vlog from
moving or something interesting yes so
happy to be back
boobs less
