and Santa looking like he literally
wants to kill himself like please just
kill me now so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want hey guys today we have something
extremely special let me show you this
picture this is me at like what is it
six years old yes we are going to be
going through all of my yearbook
pictures pictures from when I was a baby
all the way up through my teen years and
the very very embarrassing and probably
the best part here is teenage photo
album this book harnesses pictures from
the worst portion of my life when I
didn't really know who I was 100% yet
and I was figuring it out and this
person you see in this book is certainly
not it if nothing else is video will
serves to confirm that I am yes a
natural blonde and that I did go through
a weird awkward phase and have
embarrassing teenage pictures with me
but all of this willingness aside I'd
like to thank my mom for allowing me to
borrow all of these pictures she's very
anal about keeping everything in order
and making sure she has every picture
every document and I have to give these
back to her before I move so that's why
we're doing this video now and you're
probably seeing it while I move and I
think it's gonna be pretty fun to show
you some of the faces to the names and
some of my story time videos my first
girl fight two of the boyfriends I had
sex with and a bunch of other people you
might recognize her in here oh this is
going to be awful cute a cringe okay
guys it has been absolute hell trying to
find a place to film this and how to
film this but we're gonna start with my
baby pictures I don't like babies
and I don't find myself so particular ly
cute baby so we're just going to like to
zoom right through this so I think this
is like chronological this is like my
first birthday or some shit it looks
like a boy for a long time said like a
really short hair I'm like super
stressed because we're like continually
moving and I like had to find a time to
film this while we were moving so I'm
sure I'll get into it more as we go on
and you know get away from the baby
pictures of me looking curious fuck to
someone hopefully probably my parents
only it's my great-grandma thing to me
with my like teasing ring and my Mickey
Mouse stuff my parents will loved so
like decked me out in Mickey Mouse and I
was younger playing with those cup
things that teach me that you know
things are smaller than other things
there's me with my plushies and my toys
I was spoiled even as a little girl
there's me training to become a model
one day
sick of my ass out you know so sexy more
plushies I didn't like this thing what
the fuck it was like a bear with a human
face or some shit I remember being
creeped out but it was me when I first
learned to walk I'm so cute my little
button nose and shit
this picture you probably saw on
Instagram for Father's Day that's my dad
and we're petting a goat someone the
comments was like that a goat there's me
and my ninja turtle I love taking that
thing everywhere I was my dad nothing to
do anything I was before I was born
this was our first apartment it was an
apartment complex that doesn't have a
bunch of buildings it was like well I
was really ghetto ones with like 10
places to live or whatever I was in love
with snow and building snowmen I
remember in this little yard thing my
dad built like this ice chair it
actually like turned into a really cool
list I remember it looking like this
coolest ice chair fucking ever
and these are my snowmen this is like a
mom dad me and then our kitty shadow
there's me for Halloween dressed up like
kitty and there's me and my dad my dad
was so creepy and you're like look at
him so weird now I'm like a little fat
kid it's man like probably my second
birthday or something I was always
spoiled even though at this point like
you can see the couch and so my parents
were not well-off until my dad got a
different job and we moved out of this
place oh oh here comes here comes Eve
okay more birthday pictures it this will
get interesting I promise like you know
it's like I have all my yearly pictures
solo and with the whole class and I'll
point out people that I've talked about
before all right I think that's all for
the shit that I care about because this
is just like oh no there's stuff on the
beach okay so here's me in the snow me
in the house with some long ass like
murder trench coat or something I'm
finally starting to get hair here oh my
god there's me looking happiest fuck
here are some kitties that I got to play
with when I was younger fucking love
that I think these were the kitties that
we found are you jealous are you jealous
I think these were the kittens that we
found inside of a subwoofer in the back
of our complex and here's my mom and me
playing with kittens is me looking flies
fuck on my swing me and a box of
plushies me with a cute hat on looking
cute look see at this point this is one
kids can start to become cute when
they're not like disgusting little poop
factories like this is not cute here's
me on the beach with my mom and my
paternal grandmother this is actually
Seaside Oregon we went there like
literally every year it was like my
landlord offered no me look and fucking
fly on the beach like look at this
I look so badass like what the fuck this
is my turtle named Myrtle she didn't
live very long unfortunately me and my
mom on the seaside organ beach me on a
teeter-totter
my dad letting me walk on things that I
don't have the balance to walk on I
remember my dad was always encouraging
about me exploring playing sports and
stuff and my mom's always like don't let
her get hurt oh my god you know typical
family situation and there's me on the
beach again looking cute okay enough of
that
wait we actually have one more of that
okay this is probably my favorite
picture because look how fucking fly I
look oh my god those legs that's right I
don't know I just thought that picture
was funny we're getting a little bit
older here I think I was looking forth
grate or something here but look at a
specific attempt at fucking pumpkins
this is our new house when my dad got
his new job tiny Christmas tree this is
our kitty shadow I'm pretty sure it's
either shadow or climber it looks so
similar I think it's terrible fat they
were both tabby
I think it's climber it looks like
climber but I don't remember what shadow
looks like so see the shadow reclaimer
this is way later this is like high
school like ninth grade or something me
and this is the girl that was my foster
sister for a while who completely
changed and had the abusive boyfriend
and the saying on the whatever I'll be
posting videos that I talk about so I'll
be posting that worst foster sister ever
and we're attacked on a bus story times
that's the girl I was talking about
there's me okay these are cool these are
like 3d pictures I don't know if you can
tell here because Vlad won't focus but
they're like actually 3d pretty crazy
okay so there were like five girls that
lived in the house next to me before my
best friend Chris moved in and they were
the Church of some motherfuckers like
they watched seventh heaven as a family
and they were like super religious went
to church all the time and they weren't
allowed to watch Monty Python they
weren't allowed to listen to like rock
music they weren't allowed to play with
like Pokemon because that's like
devilish they were like weird but I was
friends with them us the older sister
and as much as I yearned for a better
friend
was like pretty much all I had there's
my mom working in the garden in the back
in 3d my dad working in the garden on
the side my mom again my dad again I
don't know if any one of my generation
like the older millenials ever took
these pictures down at the mall but I
used to love taking them with different
friends and different poses of different
backgrounds it was pretty retarded okay
let's move on to every fucking school
picture ever this is kindergarten 1996
alright there's me and the voice is
right of me is actually the day I lost
my virginity with but obviously not here
it was like seven years later than I did
nothing you're interesting here that
girl next to me with my friend had a few
other friends on here but none that
we're in stories or anything okay we've
got grade one Here I am I love that
sweater was so cute I wish I could find
it I'll definitely be able to fit into
it now that's me oh yeah that boy below
me and one to the left was like my
biggest crush for so many years his
name's Omar Cruz I always thought this
girl in the black dress was a slut
doesn't she look like a slut I remember
I went over to her house and she loved
the Hanson brothers and like she ended
up like pulling my ear and hair and like
pushing me and hurting me because I said
I didn't like the Hanson brothers when I
was going to stay the night at her house
once and I just went home it was really
weird grade three Here I am looking
terrible as fuck this guy on the right
to me was my best friend his name was TJ
I remember one time we were sitting at a
table alone and he just randomly threw
up all over the table was pretty weird
that down there is where I lost my
virginity with of many years later he
looks really retarded here but yeah so
do I so this is the worst one oh my god
you guys have to see this oh my god what
is this what is this sorry excuse for a
person that is me next to Omar and this
is the girl that dated Omar for a long
time that was also in my story trying to
get a restraining order she's the
girlfriend of that guy never really
liked her she was really in the greatest
fears this was my best friend
Davida but oh my god this is fucking
pictures so awful lot get rid of it
alright grade size okay so where am I
so up here I can already see focus yeah
I look really weird look like a boy at
this point I was wearing like Eminem
shirts and the dark shirts but you had
there was like a dress code this is our
dress code in elementary school it was
like red white and blue it was really
weird there's the girl that I ended up
living with next to her my friend
Tiffany and next to her my friend
actually is like one of my best friends
ever and then down here
Inez another one of my best friends I
was friends with pretty much everyone in
my class at this point and here we go
the last of the elementary school this
was the year I lost my virginity now
obviously we're going to freak out about
that but here I am no focus on me
in-between two of my friends my hair was
like super dark this is like when it
started getting dark and I think this is
the year I also started coloring it
because I didn't like the dark blonde
but that's like my natural hair color at
the top and then it like fades down to a
lighter blonde at the bottom this is
Christmas 1991 with Santa again with the
Mickey stuff looking like a little
skater boy or something Santa looking
creepy as shit as always this is Easter
1992 actually like this picture I think
it looks kind of cute kind of like a
cute little toothless boy that used to
run looking highest buck
here we go with Christmas 1992 and Here
I am looking cute with more Mickey and
Minnie stuff and Santa looking like he
literally wants to kill himself like
please just kill me now here's me and my
dad playing with sparklers I swear to
God
fourth of July it's like my favorite
holiday growing up with my parents
because we would go out to the Indian
Reservation they had friends there and
we would shoot off like mortars and
rockets and a bunch of really crazy
stuff and I think this is one of my
first sprinklers does a sprinkler I
meant sparkler there I am doing it
there's my dad smoking before my parents
quit okay we've got two pictures of me
and my two years of preschools is what
it looks like this is what I looked like
when I stole that hole-punch and blamed
it on that guy
Eva get out of here so yeah I was a tiny
little sociopath even back then when I
talked about getting my teacher fired I
think this might have been the teacher I
got fired or maybe it was a different
one I think it was my first grade the
teacher is not in these pictures let me
see what the name yeah Nelson here we go
there she is the fucking cunt oh my god
yeah I just bitch fired
okay so there's another video down in
the description called I got my teacher
fire too
fucking awful or something like that so
that will be down there but yeah mrs.
Nelson what the fucking cunts hated that
bitch oh my god okay let's move on to
like individual pictures this is my
individual picture in kindergarten I
think we're going to go as
chronologically as I possibly can this
preschool year we saw that one this is
first grade I have is Lea little
stickers less than that but I used to
wear like hair pins and shirt pins like
just cute little crystal eyes like
pretty pins and you'll see that as we go
through here this is October 1996 so
probably like first or second grade or
sometimes looking silliest shit
as you can see naturally blonde hair
naturally blue eyes naturally puffy
cheeks I actually think it's quite funny
how people sometimes assume that I've
gotten my cheeks done when you can
clearly see that I have my mom's
gigantic puffy cheeks now assuming I got
my lips done that's a good thing to
assume okay here I am in like second
grade and here the pins that I used to
wear used to wear like ladybug pins
spider pins I just really liked wearing
individual things like a pin or a
colorful headband or something that was
just my thing and I had hair here like
literally down to my ass it was so cute
my dad would actually brush it every
morning because I couldn't like reach it
down at the bottom my mom would already
be at work and my dad would take me to
school every day it was really cute and
I really appreciated that because
otherwise I would have gone to school
like
ratty ass hair me and my fluffy sweater
and I was wearing special earrings and a
special hair bow thing I've always
wanted to be an individual and have like
customized personalized things that just
made things more Tara you know so I
would have different colors I would wear
things that like no one else would wear
and it's pretty much the only time that
I dressed up even semi girly so you can
see how awkward it seems because I was
like a tomboy but I would wear things in
my hair it was really weird
okay this appears to be like third grade
or second grade I don't know if we took
like two pictures a year or something I
don't know why I have so many pictures
from when I was like really really young
okay this is third grade all right here
we go that's me in third grade I've got
my turtle pin it looks like on there and
then wearing a headband that matches my
shirt as you can see here this is when
my cousin suggested to my mom that I
should start wearing a bra because my
nipples are like actually pointy here
which is kind of awkward in third grade
but yeah I start looking like a person
albeit a very
androgynous awkward person there we go
we got another third-grade thing and oh
my god my teeth are a fucking mess my
necklace said Tara on it I remember my
dad hung that in his truck for a long
time after I stopped wearing it until
the lake elastic broke I don't have a
few more of these left this one is
fourth grade I think so looking awkward
as shit this is a picture of me during
Christmas time I don't know if I showed
it so the cute picture it's great okay
so this is the worst mistake of my life
also you can start to see that I look
more and more like a skater boy or
something and I'm wearing oh my god
we're in this tattoo neck collar that I
wore for like four years at this time
I'm saying about this that pissed me off
so much is all of my friends prior to
this had really long ass length hair
like I did right so then in fifth grade
everyone cut it off and I was like this
is fucking weird I need to cut mine off
too and when I cut it off I cried and I
cried and I regretted it strongly and I
will never ever allow anyone else's
doing anything to reflect on what I do
because yeah important life lesson there
that's the the first and last time I
ever cut my hair and since then I've
never cut more than like two inches off
of it all right sixth grade you can see
that I'm finally trying to figure out
like what I want to do with my
appearance outwardly inwardly I was in
love with Pokemon I played a lot of
video games I played sports I was kind
of a tomboy but I wasn't like a good at
sports
I just enjoyed doing stuff you know I
enjoyed exploring and hiking and playing
sports with my family and stuff like
that I was never in sports in school but
here I was trying to figure out what I
wanted to do I was wearing like men's
shirts and doing weird things to my hair
this is sixth grade by the way and I was
finally coming in to like making my
outward appearance reflect how I felt on
the inside but that wasn't how I wanted
my outward appearance to be so it was
kind of weird that is the end of my
elementary school days let's go to my
middle school days okay there's not a
lot in here that I want to show you I
obviously had a lot of friends and a lot
of people signing things and it wasn't
that interesting this was the end of my
best for an Andrew died I have a video
on that it's called the death of my best
for Andrew or something I'll link that
down in the description I try to find
all the times that I was in this
yearbook okay here I am i wrote homie
over my face I remember not liking this
picture as you can see
in sixth or seventh grade or whatever
this is my hair was finally growing out
again I could honestly make this like a
really really long long ass fucking
video where I talk about these people
and things and times I remember them but
um let's just keep it strictly to Tarot
let's do that here is my band picture
I'm right there that's me advance the
band Tara Babcock oh yes I was looking
pretty cute here I'm not going to lie
this is when I finally started coming
into my body
the abside the flute and band for like
six years or something this comment I
don't even remember who seth is but it
says Tara Jesus and me Jesus and I by
the way have one thing in common people
hate you Seth and he was like
legitimately serious I remember I was
like happy that he signed my yearbook
but I only remember me is it's weird but
I was happy that he signed to my
yearbook and then I realized that he
wrote that and I was kind of like what
the fuck I remember taking it hard but
it was pretty funny to me this is my
boyfriend at the time the worst
boyfriend I've ever had this is the guy
from he went limp video he's the guy
that sold cars and stuff I'm always got
eyes on you I was allowed to put Tara
the pin pet on my yearbook for my eighth
grade year so good here is the allegedly
abusive boyfriend to my friends that
lived with me the one from the story
about how we got jumped downtown or
whatever that's what he was like oh I'm
sorry this isn't my eighth grade
yearbook this is my ninth grade yearbook
okay okay I just had to stop to send
this picture to my friend Teresa this is
a girl who wasn't my friend until after
we left high school we started talking
she's like really cool a lot like me
even though she has more of like a nerdy
girl looking stuff the damn is that body
though nice body Teresa if you're
watching this this girl was like the
hottest thing ever to me she almost
looked like she should be like a Playboy
Playmate or something but she was a
little bit ghetto and the way that she
acted I guess kind of like Kendra
Wilkinson or something but I always
thought that she was like the hottest
thing ever I was not in the high school
band I stopped in my ninth grade year
because I was just like bucket alright
here we go here are the freshman
pictures that's me right there looking
all right there
that's me I'm starting to look like a
human a little bit wear my low-cut
shirts like usual but I didn't have any
boobs back then
and there's me again wearing a shirt
with pins all over me these were like my
best friend's are SH preach her name's
Ashton and Lou this was actually the
year that at the end of the year I met
Jay - let's find Jays cuz Jay was a
junior I think oh my God look at Jay
focus Vlad can't focus on the
monstrosity
oh I remember made so much fun of this
he's like what is this picture looks
like he has a harelip on the top and
it's oh my god so awkward what the fuck
all right here are pictures of freshman
is the guy that I cheated on my
boyfriend my first boyfriend was he
looks retarded here oh my god this was a
friend of mine who I taught he was like
six before and I taught him to be sexy
by wearing Abercrombie clothes and stuff
and he would play magic and I was
wonderfully modest I never did play with
him there's me and Lou in computer class
I remember smoking weed in the back a
computer classic somehow pulled that off
and this is a letter from Jay he read
this and thought it was crunchy as fuck
he's like either I was retarded or you
were retarded for not knowing this but I
think it was really cute because it came
at a time when that was really important
to me like these words and he said hey
girl although we haven't known each
other for that long you know how I feel
about you and that's all the matter is
you're going through some hard times
aka my ex-boyfriend and to the death of
my best friend and I just want to tell
you to stop worrying about others and do
what makes you happy all this worrying
is stressing you out and making you sad
so just follow your heart and don't let
those haters do to you they just want to
put you down so they can feel better
about their life but we know the truth
we both know what kind of person you
really are don't ever change you are the
greatest and most beautiful girl I know
I love you Jay Jay Jay others Chad okay
it's been a great year thank you for
making me wear Abercrombie it is the
best thing that ever happened to me just
played okay so I didn't go to high
school at this time I was actually going
to Community College
so I was finishing my high school
credits and getting college credits at
the same time because high school is
just far too easy for me or whatever but
yeah Here I am
I was looking hot as fuck by senior year
other than the fact that you know I
still had that big-ass nose and no lips
he
is my senior picture looking sexy as
fuck lost like 40 pounds I was looking
and feeling good I remember I came in to
take this picture and everyone was like
wow there you look so good had to come
in and do my my senior project or
whatever ooh look at that match II match
anyway my quote was perfection no longer
an opinion which was the quote that I
had at the beginning of my modeling
career it wasn't supposed to be like
super conceited as it sounds it was more
like it's really hard to explain but it
was basically just like my ambitions
now something I find amazingly funny
they took my ninth-grade picture for
some reason this was my ninth grade
picture but anyway it says most likely
to be famous Tara Babcock well Lacey got
it right everyone in this school by this
time fucking hated me so it's really
weird to me that they voted me that
because that's like students voted so
there aren't going to be many pictures
of me in here but there is this picture
that they made tiny and someone on the
yearbook committee actually told me that
they made it tiny because of my huge
fake tits that I just gotten but this is
my prom and here is me J looking
retarded and my best friend Chris which
I grew up with which I will show you
pictures of as a kid he looks so cute in
my personnal now that we're done with
that shit my personal teenage photo
album black okay all right here we go
let's delve into my depths of depravity
and vanity from middle school all right
the guy I cheated on Casey my first fuck
with and I fucked into twice name is
Bradley I thought he was cute he was
into baseball and sports I don't like
baseball but sports is good you know
this is Marlena the girl in the video my
first girl fight the first girl I beat
up okay this is me and this is Andrew
the guy who died my bestest bestest
bestest friend when I was a teenager
very very sad that's his girlfriend who
was also my best friend I introduced
them there's his girlfriend again some
people that aren't interesting and then
Ashley Ashley was my best friend for a
long time she's the only one I actually
still talk to out of my my middle school
high school days elementary school days
this is quite funny okay so Landon
recently reached out to me
this is Jared's my worst boyfriend ever
this is his little
it's quite funny to see a picture of a
13 year old boy with a cigarette in his
mouth back then it was totally normal so
just disregard that Landon actually
watches my videos from time to time so
what's up Landon look how cute you look
on this bike oh my god he was such a
cutie I remember trying to sleep with
him when he was like 15 or something and
I was like 16 or 17 or something this
was me in fifth grade I was in love with
Eminem from like fifth grade to like
seventh grade it was like my life oh my
god best friend Tomita best friend David
again had a lot of best friends this guy
he tried to hit on me so much but he
liked wasn't my thing
and his brother was like a really close
friend of mine this is his brother they
would live like behind us in the house
behind us okay so this is a picture of
Kasey and I that I ripped up this is me
at Christian camp I went with David I
could save his family like super
conservative or whatever a super
Christian well at least parts of them
actually her mom and dad are just like
rockers her dad's in a metal band which
is pretty cool but like her grandparents
are super whatever so that's me
just like a tomboy that's her and yeah
Christian can't was that Christian camp
was a whole other thing for me all right
this is me when I tried to dye streaks
into my hair of blue and it just turned
out like muddy blue all over it was
pretty awful like fifth grade or six I
guess me and Casey from the back Casey
trying not to get a picture taken on
himself meeting Casey hanging out in bed
I think he jumped on me and attacked me
I had a brush of posters of like
Destiny's Child I let my friends
decorate my room other than the fact
that I had like a hundred M&M posters
like oh my god okay so this is the guy
from one of the stories I think it's
like a terrible terrible no it's like
fuck Valentine's Day fuck Valentine's
Day is the story this is my friend
Ashley I hated her at some point sorrow
bitch and loser
this is the guy who dated me at a dance
and then he broke up with me like I
think it was right here that he broke up
with me because he thought it looks
better in the dark very funny very funny
this is me and Bradley this is that a
guy broke up with me because I'm ugly in
the light me and Bradley again look at
me I'm like oh I remember I was crying
here and Bradley made me feel better and
a while
I really need to stop hitting that okay
so this you can see the rest of the room
that my friend decorated there's like
TLC posters and Tupac and like I think
that's um the who's that on before I
don't know this is my friend Inez I
showed you from the class pictures
that's Casey Casey with this short oh my
god ah Casey was so short in sixth grade
or whatever this is my best friend
he lived right next door to me and
replaced the Christian girls Chris he's
also in my draw my life video and I
wanted to watch him pee video this is me
at a camp I had to go to camp there's
Casey and me and Bradley it's weird
because we were like kind of friends at
some point but there was like a huge
love triangle here between us
crime scene do not cross on Casey's
penis oh my god so funny we had a party
at my house and I had some friends over
it's another picture of that guy Robert
just a friend uh another picture of
Robert I must have a crush on Robert or
something oh UPS truck outside my house
that's me by the way that there that's
my Hello Kitty garbage cans that I miss
a lot backpacks skateboards and two
skateboards and this was funny because
my boyfriend Jared put like a cigarette
on this Halloween decoration my parents
are really into like Halloween
decorations and shit so this is
something that I girl who lives with me
made we were a little wannabe badasses
destined quite funny so it's like first
year second year third chair and I was
over here at the last chair and I guess
I just didn't like the way I list in
these pictures so I didn't put one in
there that I was actually in my mom this
is me and the girl from the girl fight
video she was like my mic sidekick for a
long time so this is my Asian friend I
would go over to his house he kind of
lives near me and I would eat fried rice
and his place cause he had like some
really good fried rice sounds racist as
shit but I adored it and a bunch of shit
up here some of this somewhere there's
probably some weeds somewhere here's
other albums I wonder where those albums
went oh my god but that's me dressing
like a tomboy me taking off one of my
many sweaters because I used to like
wear a bunch of layers this was me
putting on weird layers
me was a Liberian Bearcats hat I was a
cheerleader at some point there's me on
playing on the back of our basketball
net court thing man trampoline oh my god
I love trampolines it's me in the back
of stolen car that Jared was driving me
trying to put my cheer costume oh my god
it looks bad hear me trying to put my
cheer cross team over some jeans or
something I don't fuck enough it's not
me taking this guy Ronnie into his
bedroom I tried to have sex with him but
my friend Sam wouldn't let me quite
funny me getting something on the
computer oh this is going to go really
long I know it there's me doing some
karaoke I used to if you guys don't I
used to really want to be a singer um
but I kinda abandon that notion when I
realized how bad I was
you know me doing my standard pose with
my hands and my Fetty bears at this
point in my life it was like the worst
point in my life because I feel like I
was just trying to do what like everyone
else wanted me to do and stuff and I
wasn't really like being myself I wasn't
playing as many video games this was
like the least video games ever played
in my life I was like trying to be like
some kind of weird kid rakesh gangster
or something I was trying out weird
makeup I was doing weird shit I was
smoking a lot of pot and drinking a lot
and just being not me you know and it
took me a while to like get into being
myself or whatever here's me and my
grandma before cheer I was really not
into taking this picture and I remember
that also you can see my ears used to
stick out a lot if you can remember my
my school pictures where I was like
really really young you can see that I
put my hair behind my ears and I like
stops doing that and it just got like so
much better this is me and that Ronnie
guy that I was trying to trying to sleep
with and look at my friend Sam in the
corner she's looks like a great like oh
my god I'm jealous or oh my god I'm
pissed off picture it's hilarious Ronnie
was on the baseball team he was like
that the MVP of the baseball team of the
guy Bradley but I was dating and I left
my first guy boyfriend whatever kc4 it's
really hot in here I'm getting delirious
I swear this is me dress up on Halloween
with some of my friends in science class
that's my science teacher yeah me being
silly there's a Tupac poster here are a
bunch of my PlayStation 1 games and this
was the the small ass TV that sat on top
of this thing that like held my ps1 and
I think my end
64 and Super Nintendo were in this room
and in the other room I had like a ton
of just games and consoles but this was
like my actual bedroom and that's what I
had in my bedroom so I think I had two
Playstations this is one of my best
friend Zack he's actually from that my
best friend almost died story or I don't
know whichever the one where he was like
huffing the the dust off and almost died
here you could actually see some of my
many M&M posters only a few though Zacks
on my shoulders Zacks dressed in my
cheerleader costume
Zack dress my cheerleader costume again
we dressed in sweat suits and we were
getting fabulous oh my god this is so
cringy cuz it's like so not me the
journey through figuring out what one is
really like in the teenage years how
priceless Ashley and I actually taking a
picture of me taking a picture I love
you Ashley by the way if you're watching
this I'm gonna miss you you have to come
to Vegas and see me as a bunch of
pictures Ashley did Ashley Ashley Ashley
Ashley we have to send her this video
actually hanging out with my dad
Ashley's little brother playing my Super
Nintendo that's cute he's like a
full-grown person now it's so insane
like it's insane to watch someone grow
up and I'm like at the age where I can
finally have watched someone grow up
because I've been a person for like
20-some years you know this is a
self-portrait of Andrew we didn't know
how to focus the camera or anything our
AP this is my boyfriend Jared the worst
one my friend Lee and my best friend or
one of my best friend Sam who dated
Andrew Jared looking like a retard Jared
won't take a picture me and Sam Sam and
I on our cheerleading outfit so if I
from the Medel chick that lived with me
these were like my best friends
throughout my elementary middle and high
school years well not my high school
years because they all moved away but
this is the only one I still talk to
this Ashley there's Inez hey Berta and
that's me me and Sam and Brittany this
is the girl she had big-ass like natural
tips and she gave me a full body
massages these two were like bisexual
flesh lesbian for a while and I got
pulled into that so yeah she looks kind
of like a boy but when she took off for
sure she had big tits that's what's up
me trying to look sexy and like ninth
grade or eighth grade more of that
that's me this is my Katie shadow she
died on this chair that's how I can tell
that it's her and she
a little bit difference come to hear
about the other kiddies in my life I
remember I was really sad when she died
when my mom put me in my bedroom and
like wouldn't let me out come out and
like say goodbye to her which was sad a
climber died recently I was Erin with
two R's and you set me up with him
he's like kind of learning impaired or
some shit he was a short bus for anger
issues and for like being dyslexic I
think I don't know the books this is my
my cheer my cheer card you know they
have like little trading cards for most
sports is that fucking taking pictures
shit with Inez my dad working on
computers this is like the perfect
picture to showcase my dad I don't know
like my dad with two computers sitting
there like what the fuck you taking a
picture of me for so I like this picture
pretty good picture does me taking
pictures of that picture place this is
baby climber oh my god baby climber is
so fucking cute oh this is me and those
three girls I thought there were five
girls maybe there was only three eight
after they sold the house and I was so
glad and then Chris moved in and
crystalling my bestest friend ever and
they were fucking weird so I'm glad too
left me and my mom in North Dakota in my
freshman year I think more of those
pictures I chose the Playboy bunny
background there was a point in my life
when I was obsessed with that stuff and
is that it oh okay so we've got awkward
pictures from Jay's prom I showed you
what I look like in my prom this is a
Jay's from some pictures I was like so
tan oh my god it was so weird to look
flat-chested very interesting here's a
picture of Miguel and ayat very blonde
and glamorous this is when I started
knowing that I wanted that kind of
aesthetic while still keeping all of my
traditionally male interests and things
so cute I love the dress oh my God look
how many presents I got even like you're
in support well I hope you guys enjoyed
the video like the video and subscribe
if you enjoyed let me know if you can
relate to any of the things that I said
I needed pictures that I had and I'll
see you guys in the next video I hope
this satisfies all the people who have
been saying post more pictures before
surgery what did you look like as a
teenager
are you a natural blonde what were you
like as a kid so on and so forth I love
you guys and I'll see you in the next
video what
