oh my god yes so who cares why not do
your own thing and let them say what
they want hey guys welcome to another
random pointless haul video that I've
been saving for when I am moving in
can't create content this is going to be
really fun because it's a huge die spit
on myself I'm a little swollen this all
is going to be really fun because it's a
bunch of amazing things from Hot Topic
calm they had a sale recently and you
know me and sales and things that come
into my email and things that I
absolutely can't say no to like the
Slipknot shirt despite being very very
tight on money this is my last haul I
swear Eva's biting my toes if you
haven't met Eve yet she's my kitchen I
have to go give Vlad so I can take video
of these things that I got ok it took me
a second to find Ladd I don't know where
he went sometimes he has a mind of his
own but let's go ahead and move on now
so as you guys know I love collecting
nerdy clothing and nerdy memorabilia
figures plushies especially stop
attacking my foot why are you attacking
my foot you are so cute and everything
else nerdy gaming anime and rock related
so let's go ahead and show off the stuff
that I bought so don't feel so bad for
buying it ok so the first thing I bought
the thing I showed you already is this a
cut-off sleeve Slipknot shirt which I'm
going to be putting on for you guys and
I think I'm going to be cutting it down
the middle it's actually supposed to be
like a cut-off shirt so it will probably
show my bra on the side which is really
cool it's something I can wear for
working out or just to be a fucking
badass and I love the fact that Susan
and it had just like black and red very
Slipknot E tie-dye design I am a fucking
maggot for life current owner of several
fantasies about being fucked with guys
in masks and jumpsuits particularly
Corey Taylor in the gang so yeah I had
to buy this one and this is an extra
small girls and people who date men so
gay men one thing that you can do with
your stickers the safe side small or
extra small stick them to the crotch
region of your man I like to do it all
the time to troll J okay let's put this
on
oh my god the sideboob the same ooh this
motherfucking sideboob and this
motherfucking sideboob it almost is also
a cleavage shirt too if I pull it down a
little bit I'm a huge fan of the extra
small size the design of the side boob
this is legit now my favorite Slipknot
shirt maybe my favorite band shirt that
I own and it's funny how I say it's my
favorite so it's not shirt it is true I
do own multiple Slipknot shirts okay so
the next thing I got these are
supposedly sports bras but they don't
have any extra padding or any kind of
support so I probably just wear them as
something fun like a fun shirt
this one is Pokemon and this one is
actually not just a regular tank top
it's a reversible swim top so on this
side we have Batman and on the inside
many Batman's Batmen Batman signals I
got both of these enlarged so they have
really big tits but I am worried about
the fact that this looks gigantic
hopefully it's not going to be way too
big for me okay yeah I can definitely
wear this as like a shirt it's not too
loose like I thought it would be the
elastic is actually pretty good it just
goes down a little bit farther than the
end of my boobs
I think this size large isn't meant for
people who don't want to have cleavage
so they have it all the way up here or
the boobs are so big that they're kind
of saggy so the end of the boobs would
be down here either way I think this is
really cute and it has the three
starters from generation 1 so I love
that super fucking cute design we've got
squirtle Pikachu Bulbasaur and
Charmander
Pikachu's not technically a starter but
in some games he is and this I'm
probably going to wear as a regular top
as well I'm going to wear it as like a
non cleavage tank top this is my midriff
and it's going to look really good with
the lip color I'm wearing today I think
oh shit it's side boob City again it's
actually much side goofier than the
thing I'm wearing right now underneath
as a bra
definitely no support on the bottom in
fact it's a little bit loose on the
bottom they're having a mix-and-match
swimwear sale and there were bottoms
that went to this as well but in my
opinion the bottoms were too bulky if
you're going to have a bulky top you
gotta have like a string song bikini on
the bottom I may or may not be featuring
this and this next item which I'm not
going to put on today because I'm going
to save it for what I'm just going to
tell you that was most roundabout way I
could tell you that I'm going to be
doing under you swimsuit haul as soon as
I get to my new house in my new pool I
am excited like really
I have like 20 swimwear items all with
nerdy theme and this and this are added
to my collection now this is a slither
in one piece it actually has like inner
inserts so it makes your boobs look
rounder I don't really need that I'm
actually cut them out
we'll see how it fits on me if it fits
awkwardly I will do that but I've always
fancied myself a Slytherin girl so I had
to get the monokini right Oh next thing
I got is this Nirvana shirt I really
like band shirts that actually have a
little bit of style and I felt like this
one was really cute I've always liked
the fucked up drugged up smiley logo for
Nirvana and I like a bunch of Nirvana
song also repping my hometown Seattle
r.i.p Kurt Cobain all that good stuff
you know what I think it's really funny
when people accuse girls of being posers
and they ask why they always wear band
shirts of like the most popular things
like Nirvana or Metallica Guns and Roses
stuff like that it's because you can't
find form-fitting and sexy shirts of the
more underground bands as much as I try
to find like a mastodon or Cradle of
Filth or a Mona Marth or anything
form-fitting shirts I cannot find it and
it's awesome the Pink Floyd is old
enough now that I can find stuff like
that for Pink Floyd sometimes but pretty
much all us curvy girls have to go with
is the more mainstream bands it doesn't
mean that we only like mainstream bands
it also doesn't mean that every girl who
does it isn't a poser it's just kind of
dumb to assume that based on the those
ideas like why are you wearing the most
popular stuff because the most popular
stuff as the widest variety of choices
obviously this is a fucking cute shirt I
really like this shirt oh my god it's
cute it has a little bit of side boob to
this is just like literally the side
boob with all edition Tara tested Tara
approves oh yes oh yes
side boob alert I definitely approve of
this purchase okay so the next thing I
bought is this and this is just like a
tank top that has the scene of the
bathhouse from one of my favorite Studio
Ghibli films which is spirited away you
can see she's standing right in front of
the bathhouse about to walk in and it's
like beautifully colored and super flowy
I just had to get this one moment I just
put my braids back when my hair is
really clean and I put it in like a hair
tie like a rubber hair tie it's so silky
that sometimes it just flips
right off my hair all right here's a
better view of the design as you can see
here's the Japanese bathhouse moving on
I got a bunch of chokers and accessories
which I assume are inside this bubble
wrap here the first thing we've got in
this little package is some Zelda
bracelets a potion Triforce health of
the work I usually don't wear bracelets
but these are like made of strings so I
feel like they'll be more comfortable
I'm going to be easily breakable my
skin's not going to have a metal
reaction to them they're actually pretty
high quality for how cheap they were
like this is actually strong metal and
so is this and so is this and so is the
charm here I can see this one possibly
breaking because it's like one of those
stretchy afid ones but they are so cute
and they're definitely worth the money
I'll admit I'm not the hugest fan of
Zelda I've only played a few Zelda games
in my life and I find The Legend of
Zelda franchise a little bit overrated
but that's really only because it's
literally at least from my perception
the most highly rated retro video game
franchise rated higher than Super Mario
Brothers and things like that
and I just don't agree with that all
right so these are actually really
comfortable I like them my favorite one
is definitely the life arts one because
you can tie it as tight as you want and
come on I mean not only do the hearts
apply to like every other game ever it's
also a Legend of Zelda thing which is
pretty cool and it goes right on your
wrist which is kind of like hey guys I
have full heart and then I have a potion
just in case I'm not here are the other
two the Triforce one you can't actually
tighten that much so it goes back pretty
far of my wrists all in all I would say
these are pretty cool definitely worth
some money I think was like 15 bucks and
I think it was down to eight when I got
wind of the sale which is pretty good
the next thing I got is three and
different lace chokers I think lace
chokers are really cute I like chokers
in general and I got the idea of maybe
putting some of the little gaming be
darts that Selena made onto a lace
choker I think that would be cool okay
so here's the first one I like it
it's very gothic almost but like in a
good way and then here are the other two
they're very similar this one's a little
bit thinner has like flower pattern with
poles in the middle and this one has
like a giant flower and is a little bit
wider
these have the clasp like this and
thankfully the clasp actually gets
really tight the tightest one is
actually tighter than I can go on my
neck so that's what I'm always worried
about
what are you doing Eve that's what I'm
always worried about when I have these
kinds of class things with a choker is
that they're often we tighten up for
this one definitely is these are also by
blackharts and on the best choker that I
got my Totoro / spirited away / Studio
Ghibli foot sprite fucking choker which
is also an NK a Eve choker because look
that is definitely a foot sprite that
cat is a subscripe she is so cute don't
do that
she's gonna knock over my laptop stop it
stop the Eve we have to put this one on
browsing on topic and seeing this is
actually what spurred my shopping spree
in the first place because I was like
this is an item I have to have so
fucking cute we have one more choker and
this is just a standard stretchy tattoo
choker but it is rainbow there's a
little twisty tie why does there have to
be a twisty tie here's the rainbow
choker prestretching I have every
different color of these I do not have a
rainbow one and now I do definitely
looks fucking cool and if you like
friends since the blues and the purples
you can actually rotate it and it looks
like you're wearing a different choker
every day I approve this choker we are
not done yet the next thing I got and I
have no idea why I got it because I
barely ever wear any robes but I guess
I'll start is an assassin's Creed
bathrobe we've got the Assassin's Creed
logo here you've got the little flap at
the top and it really makes you look
like either Etsy or out there it's the
more simple assassin garb this is so big
and comfy and soft and fluffy definitely
one size fits all here's the big ass
embroidered assassin label here's what
the hood looks like hidden blade it's
got pockets and it's basically just like
the fluffiest thing ever who doesn't
want to get out of the shower but ask
naked and look like a fucking assassin
nobody doesn't that's the answer
clothes but in the middle of summer in a
very hot house is not my ideal attire so
let's get more naked the second last
thing I got is this Harley Quinn workout
/ bra and booty shorts outfit which I'm
so excited to put on the bra has like
inserts to make your boobs look bigger
and it's got like a workout looking
strap at the bottom I actually did I get
to some medium yeah I got this one
medium because it's stretchy so I'm
hoping that it fits my boobs well
doesn't completely constrain me I also
got the bottoms which look like this is
they put it on the
but this is going to be hot let's change
all right so far so good the top
definitely fits my big boobs better than
I thought it would be our people I put
on the bottoms and go admire myself in
the mirror
oh my god yes this is absolutely amazing
the bottoms are fold-over so you can
wear them all the way up if you want or
fold it over so it says putting so many
options and they feel like a fucking
dream very very happy with this purchase
okay so there's one more thing
then I bought and I actually bought it
for Jay but I'll put it on for you guys
just to show you what it looks like I'm
gonna try to use some Jay footage
Who am I kidding I'm gonna get you some
Jay footage but for the purpose of this
video I thought I would put it on first
I got yeah that's me for the devil's
we're trying to leave my body or my soul
will turn to escape my body to go to the
devil
what is the reason people say bless you
anyway it is a Mario Brothers Mario in
particular soft as fuck zip up one Z in
men's size large I always try to make J
wear my onesie and he never fits in them
so I got him a man-sized onesie it's
huge let's turn into Mario it'sa me
patio I love it it's very comfy I think
J will like it for the times it's going
to be cold which is almost never sand
we're moving to Vegas maybe it'll be
cold in the house because we blast the
AC either way I think this is great it's
pretty thin for being a onesie which is
nice but it's also really fuzzy very big
the buttons are real and the suspenders
kind of come off so it's like higher
quality than just something that's
printed I approve I should stream in
this this would be pretty cool 10/10
would jump on goombas how do you think
that one lost his eyebrow alright guys
that's it for this haul I hope you guys
enjoyed if you want to check out to see
if there are still any of these products
on Hot Topic comic just go there I guess
I'll post the link in the description
even though you guys know where to go
hot topics calm they have a lot of
really cool novelty stuff for comic
books video games manga just popular
culture in general and it also surprises
me sometimes with how underground some
stuff is but they have merged for at Hot
Topic
I began enjoyed this this is not a
sponsored video whatsoever
but all this was my own money but it is
not a waste to me as long as I can make
someone smile with the content and the
protruded titties hope you guys enjoyed
see you in the next video and I'll see
you soon with some new content in my new
place so excited what
