this is a dirty clothes shit shit's
actual shit so who cares why not do your
own thing and let them say what they
want okay so I'm really doing the final
house tour before I move out this is the
last time that the maids came and clean
the house too so the house was just
cleaned and everything so this is like
how I try to keep it for the first two
weeks and then I completely fail we're
going to start in the kitchen
and you can see cuz I'll post in the
description the other two house tours I
did the one where I had barely anything
than a more recent one and now how much
fucking should I have and how
differently the house looks and it's so
cluttered now it's so crazy so we're in
the kitchen and I'm just going to walk
around and talk and probably fucking get
out of breath and shit hopefully the the
audio quality is good I know the audio
quality and the video quality to last
was terrible but yeah this is where I
keep all my comic books all of my anime
and some other books I also have like
some shit here this is a box we're going
to use to move got some figures here
some top figures we've got Shaq on my
prized possession the other chap on they
still haven't sent it even though it was
supposed to be sent to me in November
it's fucking ridiculous this is from I'm
actually a partner with Adult Swim games
and there's some game attached to this
guy it was really cute how they said to
me so he's just right here I've got some
stuff that rubber tongue sent me of more
figures just like everything is
everywhere I literally gave up a while
ago on trying to keep this place looking
nice because I knew that I was moving
out and I knew that I don't have enough
room to display things properly yeah
this is my key station in here I have
like a ton of different key infusers
here some more tea infusers that are
just like a part this is one of my
favorites like a little ducky these are
my two favorite tea
you know mugs the two Mario one my tea
kettle I have some chai tea and some
oolong tea from Teavana the shit
together plus the German rock sugar was
like fucking $200 it was such a mistake
to buy that shit from graduate protein
powders juice protein shakers I asked
them to do the dishes and they just
threw the dishes in here cuz my
dishwasher fucking sucks so what I've
been doing is
here know what I've been doing is
actually we've just been using paper
plates and like the red fucking Solo
cups because fuck it this is some shit
hi you just can see me this is some shit
that I just bought for a dollar at the
store and just put on there yeah cool
shit whoo this is my sneak Yvonne to
baggage to sneak Yvonne thing here is my
treadmill I use this treadmill almost
every day a lot of people were saying oh
you're not going to use it and it does
look like I don't use it but I use it
these are some teddy bears that I took
from my parents house a few times ago
that I was there what how does look to
you I didn't even touch you weirdo wants
attention anyway on these are things for
my childhood actually and I've been
keeping them in this bag so I remember
also my mom gave me some like oh this is
candy that I ate at my parents house
okay we've got like a sonic and I
haven't touched this back because I want
to remember that these are the things
from my childhood as opposed to the
things over there that are from my
adulthood right here we've got some
Yoshi's got my backpack that I use for
magic and and traveling got some fucking
Lube you looks gross and clean that this
is where I keep all my sex toys as you
can clearly see by the thing being half
open I bet that scared the maid we've
got the book of Cain and get the also
art book that I don't want to open
because I want to preserve it already
have another one from the other
collector's edition I have here is our
couch I hate this couch and I'm keeping
it so that I can have my Nintendo couch
because this couch so it's huge it's way
bigger than the other couch I'm going to
make this the couch my Nintendo couch is
going to be awesome but anyway um it
just like comes out these cushions
aren't even actually like sewn in there
so there ends up being like a hole in
the back when I'm trying to sit here and
I have to like pull it out it's really
annoying I don't understand why that
happened this is our giant magic card I
want have a bunch of these giant magic
cards this is our new TV
we've got the duckies that rubber tongue
sent me here on my ps2 ps3 ps4 fucking
controllers this is my charging station
right here for the actual controllers we
use for the ps4 Pro here's the new ps4
pro box I keep all of these Amazon bags
that we get I don't know if I'm going to
keep doing that and behind here we have
games and
that I don't like use any more of that
much like the ps2 stuff and ps3 this is
my favorite car of all time and
scorpions riding it this is a special
edition scorpion we've got uh some
movies up here we've got Death Note and
some other things
collection edition for Metal Gear Solid
and things you guys have sent me the
laptop we've watched porn on when I'm
not looking at my new laptop we've got
the Gamecube the 360 the supa boy he has
three ps2 ps4 we and I don't know where
my fucking switches right now I think
Jay was using it last time I went to
Baxter which is my plastic surgeon okay
coming over here we've got more
collectible this was initially the place
where I would do all of my gaming videos
but I stopped trying to make it nice and
I stopped taking things out of boxes as
you can see because that was the point
when I knew I was going to move and I
knew that I was going to have a totally
new place this right here is where I lay
down and do all of my flat vlogs where
I'm laying down here I'll show you
whoa look I lay like right here and I
just talked to you guys you note
wonderful
oh yeah and here's my guitar Jays guitar
very nice very nice moving on okay
so behind here we have Diablo closures
edition Starcraft 2 collector's edition
we have a c-3po a little head thing
that's really cool this is our Christmas
tree I never put it away this year
because fuck it here's some more like
manga blah blah this is also my year
books that I need to make videos about
if any of you guys have a foot fetish
you're going to enjoy this video we have
some more fucking figures that I cannot
wait to actually display here's my reset
kuji Kalwa my piccolo 4 7 5 collector's
edition tons and tons of extra games
that could not fit over here we've got
Star Wars trilogy we got this like sexy
anime bitch that I had to put pasties
over because I can't do videos here with
her tits hanging out genius sent me that
from Japan we got my blow me little
poster that you guys will remember if
you've ever watched any of my older
gaming videos where I used to do my
gaming stuff over here
there's men moogle my chocolate chip
cookie and a few of my Tetris pieces
that don't fit on my Nintendo area over
there okay so back here we have the full
set of Monty Python and salty powers
Dragon Ball Z Dragon Ball and we have a
few other things down here this is
my favorite one of my favorite games of
all time she Megami Tensei Nocturne if
you guys have ps2 and you haven't played
that you really should okay we're going
to come over here and I'm going to show
you the balconies this time since I'm
moving it's not going to really matter
that much as you find out what general
area I live in I saved some potted
plants and then didn't save them but
yeah this is a view we had a gigantic
tree here that tree was actually like a
tall tree that went really high up but
they cut it off so now we still get some
of the heat and the and the shit in the
fucking house it's retarded like oh my
god so stupid of all this shit that I
have not yet unbox I have the starters
and all the Eevee evolutions Pokemon a
strap-on this is the box for my shao
kahn oh my god so big it's got my black
& decker sauce that donald sent me i
still want to go outside and run this
around okay so this is the area where i
film everything right now look at the
fucking look at the fucking magic table
you guys remember the magic table how
organized it was i just started throwing
things on there oh my god it's so bad so
anyway right now I use one softbox the
ring light and then is Vlad will focus I
have this is my teleprompter which I
don't use that often and then my Canon
camera here is the Nintendo plushy area
that's it I have these things which
you'll see in an unboxing video soon
this is a box of stuff from Adam and Eve
that I need to unbox other stuff that
Reber telling and other people sent me I
can always display this stuff do you see
any of your stuff that you sent me just
like thrown on the table like these
these things and stuff don't feel bad I
honestly love all of this shit I just
don't have a place for it right now this
place is so small but soon it will be
amazing this is the book with all of you
guys's letters and things that you sent
me and I started just piling things
underneath and inside and on top because
I need more pages and stuff this table
has tons of magic cards underneath like
all of my magic cards with thousands and
thousands of magic cards some really
expensive some are actual decks like I
have my merfolk deck for modern and I
have whatever fucking crappy standard
deck I was using at the time we have
boxes of pages like look at this place
is awful I should not look at that not
using the softbox we have two sets of
the Shaolin arena we've got a Shaolin
bobblehead and you guys know I love my
Shao Kahn so I wouldn't just throw that
shit around
my shoe tree which I love that thing
that Donald sent me for no reason we've
got just fuckin coats and shit and then
we move on in here this is a dirty
clothes this is how I keep my bras whoo
there's a little cute hand sanitizer
around here I don't know why this is the
you know on top and on bottom washer and
dryer yeah I put this on there it's a
magnet going to be taken out with me it
looks fuckin badass I need to get a
second one because the house we're
looking at right now it's like side by
side on the floor front loader
and I want to put this on the top and
then put something else on the other one
it's going to be really cool
laundry detergents doing some towels had
to stop it because I was recording
fanservice Friday or Friday night mail
this is that drum set that Donald sent
me this is Jace this is the okay look at
look at this fucking room you guys oh my
god so this is the room where I would
put ice cream ale that there's my mask
we got shelter on mask Eclipse not masks
and then I have my Garrick and magic
little posters over there and over here
got a bunch of other maps here that I
can't wait to like mount and then we
have we have my giant Darth Vader my
giant Chewbacca a lot of these things
you probably haven't seen before because
I don't I can't put them in the back of
my video or ever about this for Jay
recently I need an even know what it was
like somewhere in the comments tell me
what this is if you guys don't know what
this is I'm gonna smack the shit out of
you it's recently got these circling
flippers and I have this pillow which is
going to be really comfy I have this
it's like a director's chairs of Tara
Babcock and sparkly pink all of my hats
these are all of my um beanies and this
is where I do all of my makeup and over
there is where I stream so this is my um
all of my plushies and stuff for behind
the stream or whatever they're so
fucking many oh my god like a lot of
them are just holding up the plushies
that are on the top I have my tetris
light I have my cat to our lamp and with
all of my little 8-bit things that
Selena made for me I have my ton berry
of my Scouter we've got the king of the
universe all of the ghosts from pac-man
lamp over here this thing doesn't work I
bought it and I was like super excited
because you can like hit it on the head
and then it turns on and off and it
makes the coin block Norris
it the ability to use like a USB is like
broken and it came broken it really
sucks over here we have all of my hats
we have my sorors hammer we got some
candy I like literally never going to
eat Snorlax
and over here this is how I keep all of
my 3ds games we've got my 3ds here I
strained through yet sometimes this is
my editing pad that I used to edit I
also use it to play overwatch so this is
jump this is my er R this is my alt and
then I like run WASD like that it's
really cool it's really comfy it's much
better than on here whatever my fucking
keyboard is so dirty I really need to
clean my fucking keyboards this is my
controller from my teleprompter and this
is a thot their token a softer token
that I made the J found me Riesling it
was really cute I have my gaming fucking
Gunnar glasses from my eyes start
hurting and here's my inbox don't look
at it don't look at it let's switch to
my Instagram all right there you go I'm
going to give you guys a little tour of
my stream setup since I'll never be able
to show you this dream setup again so
this is my mic my mic requires phantom
power because the condenser mic I
actually have let me show you I have a
bag full of different colored little
Fluffy's that I put on the front of it
it's really cute this mic was like 20
bucks in a description of all of my
videos I have a link to my specs and if
you ever want to buy anything from that
I use you know you buy it from there and
it helped me out whatever but like I
have a list of all my specs there or
whatever okay so I have this boom arm
and then I have phantom power down here
and disconnects via the fucking 30
whatever millimeter fucking audio jack
thing and then I use all BOTS to stream
this is Anka bot right here it's got my
dashboard so this is how I like control
my dashboard my stream everything I've
got song requests here this is my my
discord and this is odd so I have a 2
Street Suva 2 screen setup so I'll be
like playing this will be the game
screen right here on the left and then
I'll have all the stuff like my people
chatting and stuff over here on the
right and then I'll be able to see like
here let me preview my stream for you
guys so that I'll be able to preview my
stream right here you guys can see me
like talking to you guys and yeah if you
guys ever want like an in-depth detailed
like when I move and all that stuff on
how to do all the stuff I would be happy
to help you because I make really
fucking cool overlays like look at my
Glen's overlay oh yes it's on ik related
it's really cute
so yeah here are my two many soft boxes
there's a fucking Mastodon so I can sing
there it's like from its album art from
like a wild back or something we got it
with like there's a collector's edition
this is my fucking 5d Canon 5d Mark 3
it's like the most expensive camera I
have but the reason I'm using it here is
because I actually broke the audio jack
so I can't plug any audio external audio
into it and the the main audio is just
awful I don't use this for anything
right now this is like a superfluous mic
that I would use if Jay and I were to
play together we have them an invade J
space real quick this is our mini fridge
or mini fridge is a rubik's cube it's
really fucking cool there's one water in
it right now I have this thing that for
some reason Jake is knocking over like a
little thing that holds here what are
they called again so I can figure
they're called a memory actually used
one except for in Yoshi's woolly world
it's holds glasses this is a thing that
I got for summer championship in 2015
for playing magic it was a
quarterfinalist
we've got an actual Rubik's Cube and I
got this thing that I bought Jay is cute
the Panda the steals money from you J's
playing league he has a two screen setup
he's going to upgrade to a three screen
setup and something I drew for him a
while back and on some other fan art
that someone drew him there's his little
um is a spider don't starve and he's got
his Chester here with all those
supplements in there
and his beard brush this is where we
throw all of our are used Aquafina
bottles usually much cleaner than it
usually is usually we mix it and then it
just goes all over the floor but yeah
I'm going to do not disturb we're gaming
thing over here those days fucked up
Final Fantasy seven o'clock with this
Final Fantasy 6 over there there's a
Mortal Kombat poster until we put a
fucking blanket up so that the Sun
doesn't come in in the day here are my
100 K so I can subscriber things very
cool very cool for both of my channels
this is a TCG player thing that j1c it
was a really cool tournament he wanted
one like 700 bucks bucks something like
that there a picture of all time I did
everything for this picture everything
even for gonna do and this is my bedroom
right now look at the fucking
catastrophe of clothing this is all
clothing this is all clothing let me
turn this on clothing clothing clothing
clothing laughs this is our old TV that
we think still might work so we're not
throwing it away yet this is my parabati
pillow very fucking cool on one side I'm
like more naked on this side it's the
the picture of me with the Atari outfit
on we've got my giant bear a lot of my
pleasure this is where I keep all of my
owl and I have some medication stuff up
there and yeah that's pretty much it
this is bedroom not too interesting
there's a bunch of plushy things totally
things my fucking jacket I have a
full-length mirror here this is the only
one in the house that's really hard to
take pictures on because it's like
really close to me how do I fucking get
in there you know I'm Sam it's hot hot
Dean and lastly the bathroom oh my god
this is where it all happens
so shit shit
actual shit unless you
development magazines toilet paper and
equally rolled-up fuckin towels good
that picture has always been in here
like the first thing I did when I got
here I put this together on my own and
took my favorite thing I don't know
definitely taking it with me and this is
our shower is pretty much it I don't
know why they just like throw my shit
they clean up an edition throw this shit
back in there and I have to reorganize
it but whatever J found us plain
actually like on the floor outside and I
cleaned it and took it home this is
something Robert um thought so I put it
in the bathroom looks very bad for me I
don't know just a cute little pink
bonsai tree many many thing whatever I
loved this bathroom when I first came
here I was like oh my god this bathroom
is so much nicer than like 99.9% of all
of the fucking bathrooms I've seen in
most of the fucking apartment so I was
like - I love it so much it's so amazing
so I had to get it I liked this
apartment a lot when I was moving and I
thought this was like the end-all be-all
even though it was so small I didn't
feel small back then you know having
lived with my parents and having just
like one room to myself and now I'm
upgrading and I am in need of more room
because you guys send me collectibles
I'm collecting things I can't stop
collecting things I have I'm going to
actually reclaim all of my plushies from
my parents house hopefully before I move
if we can take them all there so so many
oh my god you guys don't even know I'll
see if I can show you some of myself I
have a whole collection of those t:y
owls like all of them in the medium
small and extra-large size it's really
cute
oh we have one more my boobs coming out
we have one more balcony as to vacuums
one of them doesn't work it's like a
metal balcony I'm not going to open a
cos it's hard to do I keep my this is
how I travel and this is a poster that I
don't have room for I look like I have a
huge head in this fucking angle here let
me fix it there we go
a picture I got my B and oh this is this
is my loaf of bread plushie and I have
my Batman pillow I don't know why that's
just on the floor but yeah that's
ratchet I hope you guys enjoyed this
very last thing I cannot wait I cannot
wait house tour of my new house and I
think you so much for watching don't
forget to check out the two other house
tours down in the description especially
the first one where I had like no stuff
Oh
and this and my fan we took this fan
from Jay's parents house also this is
something someone sent me a Friday night
mail which I love every time okay so
this is where I keep all of my badges
from all of the events I've been to so
like III packs just like tons and tons
of these badges and things you know and
I just put that over it I will leave you
with the Vista Jun's of clothes which
mostly consists of leggings my
nightlight I used to have a really cool
nightlight where is it this is a Diablo
nightlight really fucking cool from the
collector's edition but it broke off
okay okay one more thing
Evie slippers J wolf bag my skateboard
my UVO scape or that my dad gave me got
a Starcraft sweater I've got my attack
on Titan sweater got some Princess Peach
boots these boots I'm going to use to
cosplays on Kum Kee control some posters
back there got an extra fucking arena of
the Planeswalkers cards against
humanity' oh my god I have so much shit
you guys fuck bye
