hey guys welcome to something a little
fun fanservice e and straight off the
fucking cuff today we are going to be
doing a review of my favorite leggings
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want so if
you guys are in my discord you guys saw
that I posted a video a while back with
some chick trying out some Jim shark
leggings which I always thought were
completely overrated by the way I want
to put this in the beginning of the
video I am not at all sponsored in any
way I paid my own money for these and I
actually waited a long time for them to
come back in stock anyway this chick had
like this perfect fucking ass in these
leggings and while it is like 99% her
genetics that made her had this perfect
ass in these leggings these leggings are
all my god phenomenal so while I review
these I hope you enjoy the consumer
report and review as well as a little
bit of fanservice let's get into this so
these leggings are called the Jim shark
dry leggings they were out of stock for
a while I was put on the newsletter
letting me know and notifying me when
they came back in stock lo and behold
like three months later they came back
in stock whether it's sports leggings or
leggings meant to be worn under
something that I end up wearing his
pants
I just love leggings they make my ass
look great and make my legs look great
but these are my favorites by far so I
got a size small and the official names
of these by the way the high-waisted
seamless legging they're also the dry
legging because it wicks away moisture
the color I'm wearing right now is black
Morel and I've literally been in these
leggings for the past four days I wore
them for two days wash them and now I'm
on my second day again wearing them
that's four days and here's the bag for
the medium leggings the blue leggings
that I have not yet tried on I bought
the blue and medium because I thought I
wouldn't fit into the small because the
model on the site is five foot four
which is how tall I am it said she was
like a hundred and fifteen pounds or
something like that which I am NOT right
now and she was wearing a size small in
the picture and since it looks pretty
snug on her I didn't think a small would
fit me but I wanted to buy a small
because I do plan on getting to 115 or
smaller like I have been before in the
past well I do want to let you guys know
that these leggings are not cheap I
always thought they were overrated
because most things that are prominent
on Instagram like fit tees well they're
just usually overrated
Jim shark is one of those companies that
has a lot of models promoting their
products so that they look a lot better
but to me someone who's been a
professional model for a very long time
I know that a lot of these images can be
doctored they get the best products kind
of like this Apple Fiasco where a lot of
youtubers were sent the best Apple
products for the products that were sent
to the actual consumers are shit anyway
long story short I love these leggings
they are just as advertised so I'm going
to be trying on the blue ones which are
in size medium for you guys and I'm also
going to be showing you the black marl
one so one thing I love about these
leggings is the texture all throughout
they have different patterns and
textures there's a place where there's
like a window that you can kind of see
through on the bottom on the ankle
there's actually holes for breathability
and I honestly do feel a lot cooler in
these leggings that I do in any other
leggings admittedly I haven't worked out
in them because I honestly just haven't
been working out lately it's so hot and
humid and I have a new kitten I don't
want to turn on the treadmill I don't
really want to leave the house I've been
doing so much work but once I get back
into cardio these will be 100% my
favorite leggings to work out in for
sure another thing I like about these
legging is that a lot of people might
not like is that they are a little bit
sheer so in some places especially if
you're stretching them out as much as I
am as I said getting a smaller I
shouldn't be fitting in small you can
kind of see my skin tone underneath
which i think is really hot especially
on the ass when I don't wear any
underwear you did not need to wear
underwear in leggings by the way I don't
like panty lines even songlines
in leggings but if you do you're going
to have a very prominent very sexy panty
line especially if you want to wear like
a white dong or something now that I'm
thinking about it actually might be kind
of hot so anyway we got the line on the
side we've got the gym shark level on
the side which is very stretchy it's not
breaking with the stretchiness sometimes
you have clothing that's meant to be
stretchy but then they print on the
label or the logo and it stresses out
and it cracks I've washed these worn
these stretch these out and I haven't
seen that happen there is no seam in the
butt crack I would like a seam in the
butt crack but I get why there isn't
it's more comfortable that way and it
doesn't ride up into your ass holes I
like riding up into my asshole because
it makes my ass look so nice
that being said on the thigh underneath
the but there are these things that Jake
all sweat spots they're a little accent
color part of slightly tougher fabrics
that hold up your ass really nicely oh
they're so nice I love it and the best
part about the whole thing
the high-waisted portion the portion
right above your hips it's really tight
almost in a kind of like waist training
sort of way but it's also very
comfortable and very stretchy so what
you're doing here is you're actually
constraining your waist and tightening
yourself up as
everywhere your legs and ass are free to
be round you can do squats in these I
have tried I didn't do like a full set
of squats but I did the squat motion in
order to know that these are stretchy
enough to do squats in just I love the
top I love it so much it makes you look
so hourglass II it's amazing let's do a
little 360 twirl with the black Morel
and then I'll put on the medium-sized
blue ones
something I don't like on the blue ones
but something I do like overall the
theme is really reinforced but on the
blue one so seam is like really obvious
also on the blue one the sweat spot on
the ass actually looks like a sweat spot
because instead of it being a lighter
tone it's a darker tone I don't mind it
but some girls might be insecure
thinking that some guy behind them in
the convenience store not in the gym I
think they have a sweat spot under their
ass cheeks I like it they print on the
label it looks really short at first I
thought that I got the capris and I
don't like Capri so I was really sad but
they're so stretchy that no matter your
height they're going to fit you at five
foot four they fit me great and you can
definitely stretch it and make it fit
your body one other caveat about these
though is that they are runnable you
know like runs in nylons if you guys
don't know I recently got a new kitten I
actually rescued the kitten while
wearing these leggings she was very
playful and very apprehensive about me
at first and I do have a small run on
the outside of my right thigh from
playing with a kitten and I also think I
might have a run on my butt so while
it's not going to happen in regular
everyday use if you snag something on it
they can run these things will literally
feel like a second skin it's amazing and
just for fun I'll show you guys the tag
the tag right here says Jim sharp dry
moisture management wicks moisture off
your skin to help keep you dry cool and
comfortable and this color is officially
called blueberry morrow let's go ahead
and put it on okay so I definitely
prefer the small to the medium simply
because I'm short also the more it
constrains my body and my hips and makes
me look fucking perfect I'm happy with
this the high-waisted miss goes up to
the point where I actually want to roll
it down it actually goes up underneath
my boobs and starts touching my boobs
but I do really love the color
let's show them off you guys can decide
which one looks better on me and for
sizing references the model in the
picture was one 15 5 foot 4 were a small
I'm about 145 right now 5 4 and I can
wear a small actually prefer a small so
medium is pretty much one size fits all
small it's pretty much one size fits
most I can't imagine who would be
wearing a large
anyway let's show off the blueberry
Morel
whether you're a female consumer looking
to buy some Jim shark products or a male
consumer looking to see how the quality
of Jim shark products are even though
you know it's a specific product you're
not going to buy or you are someone just
looking for fanservice and my but I hope
you guys enjoyed this video like
subscribe and check out the two videos
here on the right let me know what you
think of Jim shark products if you've
ever bought any let me know what you
think of these leggings in particular
the ribbing the stretchiness the design
whether or not the claim that they wick
away moisture rings true I'm sweating my
ass off right now and none of it is on
my couch and if you like your shape in
them I personally think they're awesome
definitely my two favorite pairs of
leggings to date and I've had a lot of
leggings in my lifetime although I am
NOT sponsored if you do want to buy this
product I would post the links in the
description and I will see you guys in
the next video it is quite possible that
while you're watching this this is not a
current video and I am currently moving
I filmed this because I just sincerely
had a passion for these leggings who
wanted to show them off and thought it
would be a nice little fanservice and
something easy to edit for when I'm away
thank you guys see you in the next video
what
