they're literally all over now it's like
airtight like your mom and her first
porn so who cares why not do your own
thing and let them say what they want
what's up guys welcome to the most
random fucking video I've ever made
today we're going to talk about my fruit
fly infestation so I don't know where
I'm going to be posting this so it might
not even be relevant to my life anymore
it might be like two months later and
I'm moving and I need content so I
upload this but I'm gonna show you guys
in a remove fruit flies without killing
them you guys know my ideologies you
guys know that I don't decide who lives
or dies and that extends not only to the
people in the human race and other
animals as a vegan slash vegetarian
whatever the fucks but also to insects
flies and spiders I don't kill insects
when they get in my house basically I
also really like insects I think they're
really cool and cute I have no idea why
I all of a sudden have a fucking
infestation of fruit flies I've lived
here for six years we've never done
anything different in fact this is the
least amount of fruit we've ever had but
fruit flies actually do breed in sinks
and in garbage cans so I'm assuming
that's how we got the infestation and
about a week ago we saw one or two two
days ago we saw there was like eight now
there's like fucking thousands oh my god
and I don't know what to do so looking
online for ways to get them out of here
without killing them most people seem to
just trap them by sitting out some wine
and they're really attracted to fruits
obviously in wine is a fruit and they
also get intoxicated like we do so they
go on the line they drown they die I
don't want to do that they're literally
all over so I'm looking online I was
googling and I found this YouTube
channel called having vegan life or
something like that I'll post their link
in the description thank you so much for
making this video it's been so helpful
I want to hopefully pass this on to
other people because honestly not
killing them is easier when you kill
them you have to have like a syrupy
compound so you'll have to like clean
out a bunch of dead bodies and stuff and
like actually wash the apparatus you
decide to use and it's just Messier in
my opinion so we don't care about the
fruit flies this way is just better
thanks for doing it for me firstly we
want to find out where they're
harvesting themselves where they're like
babies are and stuff and get rid of that
so I'm getting some white vinegar and
we're going to boil some water import
down the drains were also going to clean
out all the countertop
and the garbage I'm annoyed that I have
to do this but oh my god it needs to be
done apparently we want to make sure
that they don't breed anymore after we
get all of them out but the way that
we're going to track them is we're going
to go ahead and we're going to get like
a clear bowl some saran wrap or some
kind of clear bag and some fruit we're
going to put some right fruit in the
bowl make it all enticing for them oh
yes and then we're going to put the
saran wrap over and poke holes in it for
some odd reason they're so inclined to
get to that fruit like that's their
livelihood like not fucking fruit but
they're going to go in the bowl get
stuck not be able to get out and I can
take that outside take the top off and
let them out and let them be free yeah
let's show you my fruit fly infestation
though before we go to the store they
are literally all over the kitchen
there's two right there there's a bunch
right here they're just literally
fucking everywhere and they multiply
like fucking crazy
here is my shopping list okay we're
getting some meat at snare but before we
go pick up the ingredients I decided to
make this kind of like a vlog or
something even though it's only like the
span of two hours but there isn't
writing and I'm like I can't stand
eating with the fucking fruit flies like
I feel like I wish we could coexist you
know where they don't bother me and like
fly in my face and fly in my sandwich
when I'm trying to like butter the bread
and everything but it should I feel like
I'm eating them and I feel like they're
on all of my food inish they're
everywhere and they're way less than I
saw in the video that I'm linking down a
description about how to set up this
trap Jay wants to sleep over cool yeah
I'm recording cool
alright the store can decide if I want
to get like this size Bowl or this size
or this size I guess we go for the small
one or we can decide we can decide one
one can we decide right now and storm
you said let's go we can decide yeah
like it's an easy decision I don't know
it's a little
one so little so Jade decides that's how
you get a decision out of this moment
strawberries let's get some ripe looking
strawberries whatever I don't have to
worry about there being some that are
nasty because I'll just use those huh
well that one didn't have any bad ones
all goes as just actually saran wrap or
Mars or no this is foil you almost
fucked me Jay what do I do this is all
foil Oh plastic rip don't want cling
wrap I guess I don't know oh shit what
the fuck it's a jump at me help please
quit why no what is it I don't know look
at that candy J look at that candy
my candy
that's we can do
Candia cities who can't find vinegar all
right I think we have one more thing
not we're good we got this is a dream
team
catch and release we've completed our
quest quest huge Gator this is cool
there's two things there's only two
BPA's like something in plastic that's
toxic sometimes or something you say
what do you love no he loves the Power
Rangers this is a big-ass pillow like
that's my foot that's the pillow I want
this pillow should we get these pillows
oh look they have like every Power
Ranger you're boring let's get this
teepee like who doesn't need this never
stuff explode ring exploding never stop
exploding Jason I tried Jay wolf turn on
by random shit why are you not focusing
glad like what Vlad look at what how's
this good
he shut the screen and then will touch
the fucking front of the screen Jake not
working okay nothing what okay I'm
trying to show you but it's just blurry
shit you can tell what it is right it's
like fucking Batman oh we're so abstract
for the book is what I'm doing like
night where I on people cuz you're Tommy
what about my tongue do you know where
that lenses got here what is it Rick no
you put come back
Campbell jenks and me putting my thumb
on the corner of the fucking random
place oh my god I'm done sorry we're
finishing and paying don't look at my
credit card all of it I said don't look
at my card they won't look I trust them
all oh wow blood hates you now alright
guys I am home and take all the shit out
and we're going to do this I am up here
eyes up here God so we have this bowl
and the mason jar Gurney's bowl we're
going to put a few strawberries does
this coat my clients look good
taking but selfies while you have a nice
not a good idea I'm just going to cut it
like that I just throw it in there
there okay like a few strawberries like
one or two of the shitty ones down at
the bottom alright now we take the
plastic wrap all we have is this like
I'm doing a cooking show something in it
like this how do I cut this like oh do I
need this okay to open tear off the
strip oh and then how do I just this is
not okay at all
stop with the stuff okay so now it's
like airtight like your mom and her
first porn cut some holes in it
I don't know do I is this too many do I
want to spin the knife or do I want to
make it more like splits I don't know
let's try that okay so we have that
there's a few slits in it and the videos
that don't worry too much about the slit
we're just going to place that over here
by the sink
now for the mason jars same shit
different day
who the mason jar actually has like one
of those tops or that it's like a hole
so we can just actually put like the
plastic wrap over and put the fucking
top over it like that
it's cool I mean it looks cool early so
there's like less of an opening here so
I don't know how to let's actually
actually go over here and put it over
here cuz this is closer to the living
room track 1 doesn't that look like a
delicious trap trap - there's one more
portion of this one more portion of this
and that is a putting vinegar and hot
water down the drain so that all the
babies die and there's no more babies
white vinegar heat up some water okay so
in the video they said in like two hours
they had they had like so many fruit
flies but that's because they have like
a ripening station with like a bunch of
fruits and stuff because they're like
hardcore vegans and so I feel like I'm
gonna have like one or two in each thing
but that's going to be enough to thin
out the population and I'll just take
them outside so what you're supposed to
do is you wait then once you gather
enough you take it outside and you
change the fruit every day or every
other day or something like that because
you don't want them to lay eggs in it
just to beat the purpose so yeah now
like a waiting game
almost there - boiling water so the
concoction is supposed to be half
boiling water half white vinegar look
okay this plates are that I got reading
new comments on my videos while I wait
and it sounds like we've got this is
very danger we've got boiling water
alright people we're business I'm not
against abortion guys so this is not
let's see on this racks alright it's
good so this is not hypocritical let's
not kill ourselves so we're going to
pour it down this drain
they don't like the smell of that or
some shit oh it's all fools my nose
we're going to pour down this drain to
the this thing there's one you see him
where you go pretty fly for a white guy
let's see how good of a close-up Vlad
can do on one of these there's one right
there you see him Oh too close
Vlad you suck and we'll come back and
see what happens hopefully they're all
caught in there I just take them outside
we don't have their nest anymore and
we're just done with it
hopefully okay you guys have to see this
it's been like 15 minutes like no time
at all and there are so many I don't
know if you can see look there's like a
bunch of flies just all around it all
are some of them in there it's crazy
they're all just flocking to it oh my
god I can't believe it here's the other
one - there's clearly one on the edge
there and there are already a few inside
like just the moment that I went to go
get the camera a few of them that were
on top found out how to get inside in
that amount of time fucking insane I'm
going to take a nap and wake up and I
feel like we're gonna have jars full of
them it's crazy how well this works okay
guys I just woke up and put on some
clothes we're gonna see if we have
slides in that trap and we're gonna set
them free so to spend so exciting oh my
god I'm a reaction youtuber I don't know
you can see I hate to the floor are not
the floor the countertop is like super
pattern ec can't Lee see but there's so
many of them oh well there's still one
on the wall here let's go to the other
trip so money but not as many I would
say okay we're going to take them out
and we're just gonna take the bottles
outside take the tops off dump out the
strawberry so they have something to
eaten so they don't lay eggs in here add
the strawberries back in for menu list
one more time or something there's
definitely a lot less of them I cannot
believe how well this worked all right
let's take the top off and let them out
where's the best place to do that
there's so many of them - so dump out
strawberries
get out make sure there's nothing in the
plastic can't believe how well this
worked I always feel like three more in
the kitchen or something so my verdict
is definitely that the bowl something
less deep seemed to do way better all
right so no one is dead there's no dead
bugs here and we can go back inside and
are all free all right I'm going to
repeat this one more time just to make
sure we get all of them out here because
you know you can see there's like two or
three more but it was like crazy when
you watch in the kitchen it was just
like forward heat done right here and
then if you open the garbage can out of
the two places that they actually spawn
the garbage can and drain they would
like fly out of the garbage cans so it's
much better in here and I'm glad I
didn't have to kill any of them and like
I want to stress like how much easier
this was them the kill options the kill
options are like put soap in here with
some kind of apple juice or put some
kind of vinegar in here where they'll
drown or use something sticky like wine
so that they drown in it because they
get intoxicated then you have to wash
out all the bodies or sometimes just
actually put them all in the freezer to
kill them because they don't die from
whatever concoction you have in there so
it's either sticky or you're washing off
carcasses of flies as a shit which none
of that just makes sense at all so
thanks for watching this video it was
helpful to someone or at least
entertaining I'm going to go start up
this new trap and I'm gonna have some
breakfast bye guys
thanks for watching
