hey guys welcome to a video just letting
you know I'm sitting on something and
it's hurting my ass oh my god ah razors
so who cares why not do your own thing
and let them say what they want anyway
from now on I have pre-recorded content
for you guys because I am a SK moving to
Las Vegas I'm taking two to three weeks
off to get settled this week I'm going
to be finishing packing I have only
about a week in a few days before I have
to go next week we're going to be doing
the drive down there and trying to
settle in and then the week after that
I'll be like making my sets and making
everything look good enough for streams
and content but I hope to still be
streaming on Twitch so if you want to
see me streaming on Twitch it'll be
twitch.tv slash Tara Babcock I also
three videos a week on the vlog channel
like usual for you guys we're not going
to have Friday night mail until I'm set
up but I'll have some interesting hauls
some sexy fanservice type stuff
fanservice will still be going on on
patreon patreon.com slash Tara Babcock
and I'll have gaming content on the
gaming channel just as I have had for a
while it's been a bit off and on with
that channel because I'm just posting
old gameplay some losing my virginity
and stuff but once I get into Vegas once
I'm settled the vlog channel will be
better the setups will be better the
gaming channel will actually have more
of a purpose I'm going to do list videos
and things I I'm so excited to have more
space and to make everything so much
better so while this is very stressful
in a very expensive move and I hate
change
I am also just so excited so excited at
my own place my own house that isn't
completely plagued with people upstairs
making way too much noise paying way too
much for a 2-bedroom apartment that
cannot hold any of my stuff not being
able to display any of my things and I'm
going to have more room for my little
kitties so I am so excited I feel like
as much as I'm going to miss this little
apartment as much as I'm going to miss
Seattle I am very excited for the change
and I feel like this is one of the most
yes this is something I have to do
changes that I've ever done in my life
now all I have to do is just survive the
drive down there with this little cutie
because she does not like being in the
car or in any kind of crate I got her a
bigger crate that's going to have a
litter box in it but every time she's in
it she just me out I've been trying to
get her more comfortable with it I put
her food in there
I have liked calming spray I love you
work but yeah I'm just excited wish me
luck guys I will let you know what's
going on I'm going to be filming the
road trip I'm going to be filming the
moving I'm already filming the moving
like I'm filming my updates for packing
and stuff like that I'm going to film a
house tour once I get there I have a
pool and a jacuzzi and a cool bathtub
and a shower so expect more cool
fanservice Friday stuff maybe I'll start
doing like a jacuzzi or pool Terra video
once a week or something and that's
probably where I'm going to start doing
my vlog vlog I can make outdoor vlogs we
have multiple setups multiple sets thank
you guys so much for being supportive of
this I really hope that I can not
disappoint you with the content that I
have scheduled for you guys but I knew I
had to have something I couldn't just
take weeks off and I'm going to do my
best to continue streaming and only take
like a week off from streaming hopefully
I'm so excited follow me on Instagram at
Tara Babcock if you want to see I'm
going to be taking like a bunch of
pictures on the road trip and while
moving and everything and I just cannot
wait to get there
oh so yeah this little video serves as
letting you guys know what's going on
why there's like pre-recorded content
why things look different why all of my
Nintendo plushies are right now in bags
actually kind of comfortable I feel like
it's an end of an old era era era era in
the beginning of a brand new much much
better one where I'm much more
comfortable I have AC no annoying
neighbors and more space to make amazing
content for you guys I love you so much
thank you so much for watching and I
hope you enjoyed the videos what
see you guys in Vegas I'm excited good
bye Seattle
good bye Seattle hello Las Vegas
