Forever Yours tear come floods hey guys
Oldham fuck what oh shit
one moment my computer's dying so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to the very last episode of Friday night
mail in Seattle of course I'm not
getting rid of the series it's like my
favorite series holy shit I can't
believe it it feels so weird to just oh
oh my god thank you for all the stuff
that you've sent to my rent and p.o box
thank you for all the letters all the
gifts all of the plushies just
everything you guys have made this last
couple years fucking amazing for me and
I am eternally grateful for everything
that you do for me whether it's just
watching sending something but you guys
always hear me say this until I am moved
in and settled into my new Las Vegas
house there will be no more FM for two
to three weeks but fee or not in this
time I have scheduled a bunch of
different videos for you guys I actually
have a few more to edit and then I'll be
done filming here done editing here and
I can focus on finishing packing because
I am nowhere near done and during this
video we are going to be ruining the
chair the Nintendo plushy chair I feel
like it's just a great fun way to weaken
together say goodbye to this area that
will when I move into the new place be
so much better I'm 100 percent sure I am
so excited to upgrade everything I'm so
excited for the new possibilities that
more space is going to afford me and oh
my god and all of that awesomeness and
all of that anticipation for greatness
well it's overshadowing all the stress
about moving and how much I have to
spend on moving so thank you for being a
part of that I promise to have content
for you guys at least three times a week
while I'm gone and when I come back
we'll start making sets start updating
things and yes even restart F&M the
winner of this week's giveaway and the
last one here in Seattle is Harry s
congratulations Harry s you are the last
one last one don't worry there's going
to be another F and M giveaway down in
the description you guys can sign up but
it won't be announced until the next
time I do FM which should be two to
three weeks as stated also feel free to
ask all of your
questions I'll be taking three questions
here as once I start fnm again I'll also
be answering questions again obviously
you guys are so amazing for subscribing
all these years and oh we're just being
wonderful it's so lonely to not have the
plushies where they should be look at
Eve Eve cooking she's freaked out so I'm
throwing plushies everywhere all right
so let's take your question the first
question is from bite Rocco how do you
keep your fluffy toys from falling I
don't is the quick answer but no I
literally don't like I have to fix them
once every couple weeks otherwise they
just get so disheveled the plushy pile I
have in the other room and the plushy
pile here both look worse and better
depending on how long it's been since I
fixed them up they fall down I have to
pick them up the cat now will jump up
there and like screw things up she like
ruined my whole setup in the other room
a few nights ago and I had to fix that
so yeah just lots of organizing
reorganizing and you know the like
squiggly has something to say today I
know he's been in the video before as
you so kindly mentions here I'm gonna
then again what the fuck Cheryl Oh
question when you lost your virginity
what were you thinking were you scared
nervous etc so to be honest it's been a
really long time and I can't really
remember exactly what I was thinking but
I don't remember being scared or nervous
or anything like that I just remember
anticipating finally being penetrated
because I was such a horny bastard when
I hit puberty
that all I wanted to do was have sex
with people honestly and I thought I had
this perfect opportunity to lose my
virginity because I had a boyfriend
which I was involved with for like six
months who was like eternally devoted to
me I actually have a sex story called
losing my virginity or something that I
will link down in the description so if
you want to actually hear the story and
all that or at least what I can remember
of it yeah it'll be down there hello
hello into webs there we go there we go
Andy has another question question how
updated are you on the meme status are
you a crack open a cold one with the
boys kind of girl or are you a my name
Jeff girl I'm assuming the answer to
that question is I'm not at all of it
with the meme status I have no idea what
the fuck you're talking about
and honestly I wanted to put that in the
next Harry Reid's calm
but I didn't have time to record or edit
one of those as it's one of the most
editing intensive videos that I make
from the time between now and when I'm
settled in my Vegas house so yeah I
thought I would put it in here what are
you talking about post in the comments
and the last question from Logan Garcia
my man he says question what are your
plans after the move just grind out more
content as usual or start a new series
or something love you as always
love you too okay so I plan on doing
everything as usual but I plan on making
everything just better once I know I'm
financially stable after the move I can
invest in all of the upgrades to my
camera I upgraded my camera once before
but I broke the audio for it as some of
you guys know and then I started using
the better camera as my stream camera
and now I'm back to my main camera my
Rebel t5i or whatever my intro Canon
DSLR as the one I use here and that's
just not acceptable to me my vlog
quality should be just as good as my
gaming quality so I'm going to be
upgrading that I'm gonna have so much
more space so I'm going to be able to do
things at the pool or at the jacuzzi I'm
going to have like different sets
everything is just going to be so much
better and within the reason of my
budget which is very tight right now as
quickly as possible I'm going to start
making sets for Tara Reid's comments sex
ed with Tara and Friday night mail I
hope to have like a big billboard behind
me or what is it called a bulletin board
with all of the illustrations and fan
art that you guys send me I think that
would be absolutely amazing to just have
like an area in the house that is
decorated by you guys also I have an
amazing kitchen so I have to do some
kind of kitchen footage I don't know
we'll see fanservice Friday is going to
be more versatile you're going to get
more full body shots things in the pool
things in my tub maybe in the shower
it's going to be so much fun you'll see
just wait just wait I have such great
ideas okay so we answered all the
questions let us go ahead let us go
ahead and open some shit yeah I was so
sad I actually closed my P o box
yesterday I was taking pictures of the
box because I'm sentimental like that
I'm a fucking pack rat with memories I
swear but if you happen to have sent
something it's not going to come here to
mean it's not going to be shown until I
start Friday night mail again but it
will get to me because I forward it
everything the first thing we've got is
from Shaun black
I love me some Shawn black Shawn black
this is the last this is the last
package you'll ever send to me a just
address or that I will ever open at this
address oh we've got some shirts
what are these so we've got the periodic
table of Super Mario
this is fucking coolest shit oh my god
are these for Jay Jay's birthday is on
Sunday I'm going to have a special video
all about him on Sunday and then on
Monday I'm going to announce that
everything from here on is pre-recorded
or whatever but there's like a two-year
old photo shoot in there where I bought
him a bunch of holster closing he's
totally not the kind of guy to wear
preppy clothes but oh my god we've got
Mario riding Yoshi who's looking from
Super Mario World one of my favorite
Mario games of all time and this is
really soft holy shit what size are
these okay this is size small so I think
it might be for me but this one has got
to be yeah this is an XL is definitely
for J it can't be for me there's no way
Shawn black knowing my body bought me an
XL and then we've got another small
which is this is like the the promo art
for Super Mario Brothers 3 on the NES
I'm pretty sure loved it love the retro
feel oh my god if these are supposed to
be J's let me know because I feel like
he can fit in these ones because they're
stretchy but if it's supposed to be for
me I'm going to cut it up and make it
something sexy so Shawn contacted me and
let me know otherwise thank you so much
and thank you for recognizing how much I
love Mario I just have to show you this
periodic table it's a really good shirt
look at that shit so good Oh tiny Thank
You Shawn you've always been amazing to
me I don't know why I feel the need to
like be like thank you goodbye as if I'm
going somewhere when really you're still
getting videos I'm going to continue at
full force as soon as I get in Vegas I
don't know I'm just feeling a little
sentimental this is the last time I'll
be recording right here with this setup
and this camera equipment in this
apartment moving on I have to do this
all by hands oh there it is yes I didn't
want to break my nails I just got my
nails done I love my patrons pick my
nail color and hot pink one over royal
blue by a little bit but then I saw
there's like this cat eye version of
royal blue I'm like fuck it a package
from Donald
Tara I sent you the Jesus stuff last
week and I thought you could use this
when you move to Las Vegas love Donald
oh I do love Donald you know oh man oh
is this like a oh we got to see what
actually this is okay so this is a
swimsuit with a cat eating a taco &
pizza this is pretty badass oh it's not
a swimsuit it's a tank top that's why I
was like why is it retarded let's put
this on I'm not wearing a bra so one
moment oh yo this is actually really
nice-looking I like it Donald thank you
I know I'm going to see it in Sniper
Wolf Smail video actually didn't she
stop doing male videos so I get to be
the only bitch you troll for a while
hopefully I'd like to think that this is
personal because I like pizza and I'm
moving to Vegas whatever that means and
I just got a cat but either way I am
grateful Donald I love you and I can't
wait to see what you send to me in Vegas
Forever Yours Tara come floods okay
we've got like two things left and holy
shit I can't believe it's the last time
it's gotta be another one from Donald's
it doesn't it doesn't it yes I sometimes
send you an sniper was the same stuff
because I'm a big fan of you bolt I'm
looking forward to sending you stuff
when you move to Vegas love Donald I
love how he addressed what I was just
talking about just now but I love sniper
rule too so you know would you like to
play with my pussy oh my god this looks
so much like you to what my name is Lucy
hold on here's the cat shirt by the way
my name is Lucy do you want to play with
my pussy she isn't very fussy she purrs
when you touch her in the right spot rub
her here and she'll blow her top this is
literally a book about Eve holy shit she
loves to play and does as she pleases it
when you tease all right we ought to
know what's at the end what's at the end
if you don't want to play with my pussy
I have something else to make you laugh
come to the barn and play with my ass
the end
Donald's this was awesome I'm glad we
have a shared oh shit I'm glad we have a
shared love for Sniper Wolf
I always appreciate everything you send
me and I love you I love you one more
box and then we have Dollar Shave Club
hold on
well look what Zoe got me mario's
through the ages let me get glad to show
you the ground is so dirty where's Vlad
this is a pretty legit cup I love it
thank you so e you're amazing and you
got it in pink you are amazing baby girl
my favourites are from here to about
1992 1996 is okay but I was never really
a huge fan of 3d Mario games I'm
honestly all about the platformers and a
2d still even today that's why I play
indie games so often alright the last
thing the last thing my monthly Dollar
Shave Club razors if you guys want to
check out Dollar Shave Club the link
will be in the description they're
pretty cool for a dollar you can get any
kind of shit I am NOT sponsored I don't
even know how I got this but I do hope
that when I get my Las Vegas p.o box
they will forward it alright guys thank
you so much I love you big fucking home
until we meet again as Friday night male
viewers and creator in Vegas I wish you
a fucking amazing day amazing week
amazing next two weeks and I hope you
enjoy the content I have prepared for
you guys both on the gaming channel
using icon flash care about Cod games
and this channel here which you are
another link to because you're here I'll
be posting early access and updates on
patreon I'll still be active on
Instagram of course at Tara Babcock and
it will sell fanservice Friday every
weekend the fanservice Friday in between
teases while I'm away patreon.com slash
Tara Babcock you have to use the link
you can't search my name because I'm not
safe for work and I have a new sexy $50
here you should check that out
the fanservice Friday remains at $1 I
love you guys thank you oh my god we
asked to get up on this couch I love you
guys more than you could ever know thank
you so much for your contributions here
in Seattle to my content and all of your
support in the move I could not do any
of this without you expect bigger better
and ten times more badass things once I
move bye guys don't forget to sign up
for the giveaway and post your questions
down in the comments and any ideas you
have for something that I can film in
the kitchen which is very naturally
belong anyway right Wow the mails
what car this set feel so incredibly
lonely I miss it already
