I was playing with my pussy before this
in this sexy purple lingerie so who
cares why not do your own thing and let
them say what they want hey guys welcome
to a new Adam and Eve unboxing right
after that I'm just going to remind you
every effort is so good with them oh my
god 50% off any one item almost in the
store and free shipping anywhere in the
US just use the promo code Tara when you
check out okay so today we have
something a little bit different because
usually I pick everything that comes
from Adam and Eve they are nice enough
to let me pick each and every product so
it's tailored directly to me but I've
been working with them so long that I
decided hey why don't they pick me
something so today I'm going to be
showing off Adam and Eve's picks for me
and my pleasure
tailored specifically to my interest and
one male sex kit that I can also use
because it's for the anus this is a
sponsored video but even before I worked
with Adam and Eve they have my favorite
sex toy company of all time they just
have such a wide variety of stuff I can
get a bunch of different brands and the
Adam and Eve brands are really high
quality plus they come with an amazing
warranty so the first thing and the only
thing I actually picked because I like
to have something to wear during the
video is this sexy purple lingerie looks
like this on the front looks like this
on the back comes with a cute panty and
it says one size fits most but honestly
this is like one size fits all it is
very loose and then it has this ribbon
that goes around it that you tie in the
back this is really long
it's even a little big for me I would
like it to be a little tighter around
the midsection and maybe on the boobs
like it moves around a lot whatever you
have big or small boobs or you're a big
or small girl or a guy whatever I don't
judge this should fit you and wear some
pasties underneath because this is very
sheer Picabo I like it I think the
Sheerness is kind of nice and it is
called a sensual wildflower babydoll I
don't know about you guys but I'm a huge
fan of baby dolls and I tried to match
my lips to the outfit did it work moving
on let's just start with the mail item
right away this isn't necessarily only
for men as you know men and women both
have anuses but yeah it's definitely
targeted towards men I always like to
showcase a few male products because I
do have a predominantly male audience
but I have a lot of female viewers too
and a lot of guys who like to listen to
me talk about sex toys so this is called
the zero tolerance movie Lube prostate
kit and there's a free download of dr.
ava's guide to prostate pleasure
a lot of men might not know is that
their prostate can have just as intense
if not more intense orgasms or can
produce that orgasms as the penis which
is pretty cool this comes with a
five-year warranty and it says unlock
the secret pleasures of prostate play
with this kit that moves from beginner
to advanced with every stimulating stage
in between so we've got three non
vibrating options and these are tailored
to be the length to hit your prostate
and then we have a vibrating option
these two seem to come with a cock ring
which is pretty good because when you
constrain your balls your cock it can
make your erection that much harder and
the pleasure that much more intent bone
to get the bone oh I've got some medium
density Jack aid lubricant very nice of
them and then we also have a code to
redeem your free movie from evolved
downloads
let's go first-come first-serve on this
one go ahead and take this code and
whoever gets it you get it good luck
have fun kind of a mini giveaway there
okay so the first thing we have our
little butt plugs I would say that this
one would hit the prostate it's better
in my experience not that I have a
prostate but I was always taught that
this is kind of the length inside your
anus that you need to go in order to
simulate the prostate I actually like
the way these feel these are very
nonstick I would say nonstick silicone
body safe of course it's not going to
break down and leave particles stuck in
your body like some of the lower end
jelly sex toys can then we've got this
this goes in the anus this is actually
probably okay so if I'm imagining having
a prostate right now I would say this
size being a little bit more stretchy
will stimulate better and then this
comes around and straps around your
clock or your balls and your cock the
conquering isn't incredibly stretchy I
would say it would give you better
pleasure if you put it around your balls
as well and then we've got the actual
vibrator it's curved for his pleasure or
her pleasure and you turn it on by
clicking this little button okay so this
isn't actually a cock ring it's more
just like a way to hold on to it there's
no area in your rectum or colon that
stops things from just slipping in there
which is where the whole gerbil in your
asshole stereotype comes in like there
isn't your vagina so you do have to have
a handle or a larger end like the spud
plug to make sure nothing gets lost you
don't want to have to you know go to the
ER and say hey guys I got my Adam and
Eve vibrator stuck in my asshole would
not be a fun experience or maybe it
would I don't know what your kinks are
Thank You Adam for thinking of my
bondage
we have to bondage items next let's
start with the Strappies one at first I
thought this said strap tease and I
thought wow that would be such a better
name than strap ease but I digress this
is from NS novelties it says it's a
two-piece 8 sports
black bondage strap set enter the
patient and obedience have never been
more pleasurable than with Strappies
super straps easy to secure and quick to
release strategies provides unlimited
connections for creative bondage play so
if you're someone who's super into tying
up your partner and you don't want a
specific style you just kind of want to
do the bondage strap style this might be
for you so it looks like you're just
yeah you slide it off and then you can
see the whole picture here with a nipple
my bad I like that I like that flip it
out and here we have the two straps in
black Adam and Eve you let me down by
not sending me pink but I forgive you so
these are really velvety nice and soft
straps oh he wants to play oh my god Eve
I didn't know you were into bondage what
a kinky kitty so the end it looks like
they just come open kind of like any
belt buckle so you can take someone's
hands or legs hog-tie them by going like
this sticking it through there and then
if any point the person becomes
uncomfortable you can just deal a chit
like that I really like these I think
these are great for beginners and
professionals and by professional I mean
advanced I guess or I guess you could be
a professional dominatrix or a
professional bondage BDSM pornstar but
next we have something specific for the
bed
this item is from scarlet coat or
bondage I'm so bad at saying that and
it's a bed bondage system these and a
lot of the others that I show here maybe
all of them I'm not sure our Adam needs
product so you're going to get the
highest quality stuff and the box is
even high-quality the girl is like shiny
and the rest of its matte off I just
geek out over boxes sexy packaging
equals aroused Terra that's for sure
transform your bed into a bondage
playground it comes with 4 cuffs 4
straps and a connector strap it sets up
in seconds and has no knots or hardware
necessary and it fits to any bed this is
actually kind of ideal for me because I
always want to have like a bondage room
kind of like a fifty Shades of Grey
thing like a torture room or something
or have like sex furniture but I don't
want to actually buy like the harnesses
for it and stuff actually knew someone
who had like wall-mounted harnesses for
straps and things and I was always like
that is so
hardcore but why when you can just get
something like this oh I like it there's
actually red accenting let me show you I
love the red accenting I don't know why
the cuffs are fuzzy as you might expect
and they have velcro on them more
bondage and here comes Eve what a
naughty pussy so it straps to any bed by
way of this gigantic loop that you can
actually change the size of so if you
have like a small bed frame or bed post
or you want to put it around the
mattress you can do that the
possibilities are endless see when we do
these Adam and Eve unboxings when I move
I might actually set this stuff up on my
bed and stuff and show you guys what
it's like but for now let's just deal
with me wrapping myself haphazardly for
fun we've got three more items left and
the next one is a fucking mystery to me
it's called the satisfier pro penguin
and it honestly looks like some kind of
travel dehumidifier let's find out what
this thing's about it has a hygienic
seal it looks like it charges via USB
but I still don't know what it is it has
a whisper mode a pleasure wave and touch
free clitoral stimulation oh that's
interesting
oh my god and it's waterproof of course
body friendly silicone easy to clean
magnetic USB charger I'm in let's open
it we're breaking the hygiene seal here
quite hard to break for some reason yes
we've got it open okay what is this
fucking thing do alright so it comes
with a light legit booklet like it's a
pretty thick booklet function slash use
press the small on / off button for two
seconds to turn it on what the hell I
have to show you this you guys hear this
I have to show you inside it's so weird
can you see inside there oh my god so
weird like vibrates and does some kind
of like ultrasonic style thing oh I'm
gonna have to try this oh this is so
interesting you guys know I love my
clitoral stimulation so this is going to
be something I have to try I will let
you guys know in the description whether
or not I like it being the pro that I am
and knowing my body and the way it feels
on my finger I feel like this is going
to be really cool if any of you girls
out there want something that's
mess-free that you don't have to like
slather with Lube and it does your
clitoris right check this out this is
fucking cool I haven't even tried it but
yes I think I recommend this if any of
you guys have tried this before please
let me know what it feels like you guys
this next one's another
many of products the Wildrose with power
boost it has a unique power boost for
maximum vibration and pleasure it looks
like it has a suction cup on the bottom
yes it does loaded with eight speeds and
functions a powerful suction cup base
for hands-free play with a realistically
shaped penis head I like penises there's
punji and they feel good and I actually
think I might have found my dildo oh my
god
how is this here a hundred percent I
just took this out of the box there's no
way this sticker should be there let me
show you there is an m14 sticker duck
Simmons fucking sex toy box there's no
way this wasn't me but how could it have
gotten there if you guys don't know m14
is a card set from 2014 from Magic the
Gathering kids imagine how I got there
what anyway I think I found my next
dildo to do the hand job fanservice
Friday for patreon I think this will be
perfect I like stick it to a surface and
then play with it pull it out now the
cover USB charger and here it is I guess
whoa there we go ah I've stuck it to my
computer good shit the head of the penis
is a little bit firmer than a natural
penis but then I turn on the extra crazy
vibration there's an extra crazy
vibration button that is legit I approve
100% I love the body-safe silicone the
colour of course and just how it feels
and that there's a shape here it's
actually pretty good for the clitoris if
you insert it like this and go balls
deep you can probably use this to
stimulate a part of your clitoris too
nice thick shaft about 7.5 inches this
is a pretty good one I like it I like it
well done Adam and Eve and last but I'm
sure not least is another Adam Eve
product the luminous g-spot vibrator and
it lights up to a beautiful red glow
this is going to be interesting here's
what the box looks like it is an Adam
and Eve products you have a five-year
warranty light up your love life with
just gorgeous glowing g-spot vibe when
it's off you can see yourself in its
stylish chrome curves but once it's on a
sultry red glow illuminates to vibe and
your passion 10 speeds and functions and
it shapes perfectly for your g-spot
let's do this
ah all right we got to see this baby in
action it's true I can see myself in it
right now but when I turn it on so it's
in glow isn't really that apparent whoa
the function on this thing is crazy
you really can't see the glow that well
in the bright light so I'm assuming this
is more for in the dark play I'm sure
you can't even tell here I did see like
a little bit of red yeah interesting and
this is one of the most powerful g-spot
vibrators I've ever felt but my favorite
is still this one and this one is a hair
on it no I want my money back this works
the way that it's advertised I think
this will be my favorite but right now
they're tied I rarely see realistic
dildos like this with the suction cup
that actually have a vibe feature
usually it's just a straight-up
realistic dildo often made with gummy
components instead of body-safe silicone
so it breaks down thank you guys are
interested at all in any of these
products a link to the store will be
down in the description I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and don't forget 50%
off with the code terra plus free
shipping anywhere in the US it is
literally the best coupon code i've ever
been given for my viewers and they
really support me in my channel so i
like to push this company hard because
they're my favorite as always this was a
sponsored video but all of my opinions
are my own i would never lead you guys
astray in any way I do love my
collection of sex toys which are going
to be kind of hard to move thank you
Adam and Eve these are pretty good picks
bye guys if you want to watch my other
Adam and Eve unboxing videos I'll link
its you down in the description see you
next time
