burn in the night sky a brightly shines
now all the world's asleep
but the leaves in the woodland always by
their eyes to the words running so Dee
the trees in the Coon keep the stars in
the sky
well-hit from this dream
it's tones and it's Beth watch the water
I wonder who'll be in that tree
hello from sunny Jack Tretton
I just made my beautiful life that's her
so you say am i beautiful kids ID Kids
Club amazing and they're going on
putting on see Peter Pan Peter Pan
dinner theater
it's so much more like a lesson like
that baby play center and we're chillin
here today is an ACCI of they are called
the room ship slippers from calling the
ship slippers
like that playing averman oh yeah I feel
bad for leaving like that you're new to
Netherlands aren't you yes you are don't
go telling occupies don't fix their
lives they're spinning the yarn they're
pulling my leg no having me on
I wasn't born yesterday you know as a
matter of fact I was born today
well that says today is my birthday so
you can see the kids Peter Pan show it's
my cellphone on I'm gonna hit up the
craps tables here right but I was so
cute oh it's so dark I was so cute
seeing them they're like they're like
little faces and I'll just do i yeah i
broom all right we were trying to find
the shopping area yeah I think I think
it's just up here somewhere nobody else
in the ship seems to be taking the
advantage of these lovely slippers
quilted gloves actually quilted slippers
I'm gonna weigh in where else is taking
advantage the two of us feel so lost and
alone so whenever we never ever get like
this much time to ourselves how they do
oh nice represent all also we had a kids
are at the Peter Pan show would kids
club unless he's up in the babysitter
thing it's like we're just like
wandering around me like it's this
little fella still here
hanging him around I just feel like what
do I think what are we gonna do when the
kids all go to college and leave us
we're gonna be so lost like what do I do
every day I'm like oh I love not just 10
minutes a piece right right here have a
few hours I'm like oh I don't know did
you know
let's just go get them made it back to
the kids
it's about 35 minutes long so yeah sure
when I'd like to get in there and watch
them talk about the weekend's games
what's coming up so good social then
good to meet the other creatures with
similar interests
while I'm gonna try and drop into lassi
ash see what you got here unless ya you
want a ball
oh that's a ball we have 10,000 balls in
the garage if you if you need a ball
that bunny you get buddy oh yeah or
maybe it's because I'm seeing her yeah
maybe
wine on tap many kids are back from kids
club did you have fun Amelia huh yeah I
mean look what she made today is kiss is
kids club better than school do you want
to go to school in kids go you got Chuck
wait a second you get chocolate have you
guys been eating chocolate what kind of
chocolate did you get peanut chocolate
did you
oh my goodness oh my goodness guys look
at this her giant the Giants occupy v v
describe that bring it to the room Oh
guys you ain't too far guys look look
what happens Oh
what what is this what is this jeez guys
you got a little dog you get little
duckies all right
are they octopuses are they I thought
they were ducks oh I'd rather that I can
I wanna know yeah it's a penguin yeah
really sure I don't he got all your
friends are here
mom and dad just got bored we got swans
it's baby club I don't know that's whoa
it's gotta be yeah
the tonight is a dress to impress nice
on the ships we done yet the chinos no
shirt and it's getting dressed up well I
just noticed we're in the middle we're
in somewhere between became at home it's
rocky or somewhere between the Cayman
Islands and Cuba and it's been like all
day long we just being sailing right I
haven't seen anything I've just spotted
another ship it's the first bit of life
I've seen but let's get ready to go what
oh my goodness guys did that
okay
Oh Kerry
Carrie
Carrie Carrie
oh my get these pictures you don't get
picture my kids club tonight we've come
to an Italian restaurant with Eduardo
Eduardo do you know what you ordered you
bet and I've gotten a pizza you got
enough pizza all the time well you don't
be showing them what's inside German
don't meet you what
well your honor points unless he has
become a pointer but I see the
professional pointer you're gonna point
are you sure what's inside your amount
as well okay you're just thrown over
than any hermes and it's very excited
because anna has ordered a barrel of
cheese basically a wheel of cheese is
going on we're always going on with your
face look at your face water look at
your eyes no no no delete post so I'm
not really sure if Anna is supposed to
eat the entire cheese wheel are you
gonna eat the entire cheese wheel Amedeo
would you like a cheese wheel yeah you
wanna eat an entire cheese wheel you'll
get it hey guys you got spaghetti
bolognaise you never go wrong with
spaghetti bolognaise there you are he's
putting mommy's dinner in a big pot of
cheese yes this linguine will forego
pasta I know my name give you know their
plates
would you like parsley or the cheese
which ma'am
chilly place that community gets the
selection stuff you want eats of it
oh my goodness join some parmesan on
that amelia saw Anna's being done and
she was like I really won't win under
the guy yeah Gwen way and made her a
little small one what you say you want
some of that now as well oh boy we're
gonna need another cheese wheel never so
cheekymonkey aware no gqk let's that no
cheeky face no no yes yes no no can you
point that's yeah point any point
my point
do you play
all she's doing this immediate is that
no I'm still around you know all the
party drinks you know the body
Oh No
maybe by the way there's a rumor going
around what oh is that what you watched
your show today wasn't it alright
there's a rumor going around that Amelia
might be getting a toy is this what kind
of toy alright boys and girls what have
we got here you want the Barbie crimp
and curl whoa whoa Eduardo what'd you
get
what have you found ha Barbie which one
is in the dream topia Barbie she has
shoes she has shoes mr.
oh good choice huh oh you got the same
oh that's fair isn't it guys they can be
friends our friends I am she's finishing
editing on yesterday's vlog the children
all sleep in there I got a lassi in that
corner and you have a million edoardo in
this corner we are where are we we have
traveled 446 nautical miles today
friends but we are arriving at 7 a.m.
tomorrow morning arriving in Cuba and we
are going on a Cuban adventure it's
gonna be so much fun tomorrow
I count helpful leave like if you
remember I was talking about seeing you
like doing the Havana in her van like a
Lana look I'll go tomorrow we're moving
our vana like is he gonna be mental I
used to be such a girl vlog and we're
gonna go see all like the cars in the
city the towns are like just do all that
like cool Havana things do you know vana
and I hope you've enjoyed the vlog the
frame friends give me a like and a
comment and a subscription I'll see you
guys tomorrow
for Havana Oh
