good morning friends we've all just
woken up and we're gonna do mommy's
makeup yeah cuz mommy has to bring the
doggies to the he oh no where's he going
very good excuse me
naughty boy come here up again back to
mommy's room back to mommy's room went
up and I know what we're not finished
yet sorry
crossing my toes can obtain from
well it means talking away by now it's
kind of hoping that this morning they
would wake up before I actually left
which didn't wake up the gun no it's by
the time I get back to Stephen might be
back in bed so I might not actually see
them if I do I'm gonna need those back
this is possibly the most stressful five
minutes of my entire life
Everett morning getting the dogs or the
kids ready right one two three God knows
where the others are somewhere in here
this is never organized because the kids
go through it okay come on puppies let's
go to the groomers Oh start go to Disney
World
okay art isn't a Euro Disney and
psychotic it sounds like
Francesca I didn't realize how big this
place actually was gonna say it's like
the biggest translation in the world
that's probably not they really need to
get group today
ever since the RSPCA thing hi so
Francesca tells me this look the nine
and three-quarters thing over here it's
really important it's a Haryana the
sexual burden stuff it's just like I
went a universal with Francesca and she
was like freaking Hydra Marin diagonally
n-- yeah like what's so cool about taiga
Callie but here we are again Harry
Potter's follow year and I think where
are we going to the Transport Police
we're all off to Priory fun babies
aren't secure in the back behind your
ear here's like yeah so we're gonna make
the most of this beautiful day and going
on it
we're here remember this from last time
in media yeah you remembered hmm with
Lily right Lily's sake at the moment did
you say get well soon Minnie it's so
cold oh my goodness I impressed for
southern England Franceschi she told me
to bring a coat leather jackets I'm like
oh yes he was so hot soon today was
gonna be as hot
this isn't good do you need my ticket my
friends I journey friends it's really
cool that amused me okay
probably even colder weather I'm
preparing myself maybe some matters
headgear nope nope it got colder hey Wow
look at you driving the tractor you have
to share with other children though okay
somebody else wants it go you need to
let them okay good girl was here last
walk their swings over there yeah we
haven't been yet I love these jeans on
you they're so not pretty I love
your outfit do you pick it yourself
now we're both on the swings where
you're the shoe gun did you take it Oh
you should have seen them yesterday was
driving
they were like Edouard it was pretty
much hand out going and the media was
like I was like Jonathan remember you
have children please you're too rude i
barbecued
multiple pieces of meat it's really cool
the video footage totally check it out
it's coming it'll be on there mmm side
view channel on I think it's like the
18th they said what I stink doubts my
thousand be so excited that I stink but
now I'm gonna play some foosball but
we're waiting for Nastya I'm sorry the
biggest like I have to like like massive
shoulder of or a peel takes me like it's
over here
two guys getting ready mr. perfection
yeah we just doing the prep for the Reds
red slaw that's gonna go on the pulled
pork sandwich no that's that competition
and oh yeah it said awareness so we're
doing this scene right hi
she is gonna set herself on fire and
then she's gonna set me up nervous not
show us a little trick we're waiting
anything really
is so cool
do you ever do it with marshmallows on
it
and so cool again
a31 that's so cool
the silence the tension okay we'll just
silently like oh oh in this car the
explode right is that really hard to
hold
is it hard to hold it you can do that I
know I know not a pit that sense of it
looks too hard
let's go okay
where do you think it is
can you see it over there right over
here look the drugs and you need to grab
these our lunch just clean we got a
salmon I got this last time it was
really good at salmon with creamy cheese
this bread is so amazing and for kids
they've got like ham and cheese they've
got peanut butter so they got peanut
butter and it comes with some veggies
peanut butter yum yum yum we are heading
home now because I have some weren't
skill which I'm hoping to do ever so
gorgeous today I think you can get ice
cream over there I just saw someone
bringing ice cream back over I was like
good idea hey Amelia sit in your seat
please okay what you need to sit in your
seat and then I put you in ok come on I
got a candle too it's not first I'm
worried but I was out of Yankee Candles
come on let's go quick cuz it's really
hot and if Laura doesn't want to wait hi
Amelia hi Eduardo
you know you know he did wait oh I just
had to face up because I'm not gonna
make it home before they're in bed and
in which I said this morning so I know
I'm not gonna see them today at all and
also I just got forced to drink a shot
of the hottest spices that you should
have known oh my god you're all like oh
you're short of it it's for a video it's
for a video I just yeah your finger now
we're gonna make the greatest sandwich
in the world oh my goodness edit this
thing here which has been stewing away
oh my god and they're like oh have a
glass in my ghetto tray Gary I just have
to suffer in silence
oh my god it is so cool I just get it
wired to one of these huh I've decided
I'd start a little bit earlier so we're
having beef with about some veggies I've
got Pak Choi finish setting the table
please
right so I put in the quinoa flax whole
grain and red rice these things are
amazing guys they're organic seeds of
change friend and you just plop them in
a microwave and that's it it's for like
lazy people don't want to be oh you want
one for daddy as well well he's not
gonna be home in time for dinner but
okay you can set the table for him
anyway
here you go what you call that cutlery
where's Mako cutlery
she did some interesting things with the
play graph today she brought all of the
toys from the sandpit and like put them
in a little pile and said they were hers
I was like okay no they're not we need
to share them with other children and
she's like maybe other children can help
me yeah it's like okay but they're not
Emilia so I would like to see how she is
that nursing but I haven't heard
anything about her not being able to
share it so maybe it was just the
playground I don't know
goodbye Leeds I've had I've had Leeds of
fun here huh all right I am stoked full
of pork and I smell like a fire woman
and barbecue we've got a good three hour
train we were viewing the furniture I
look like a hobbit
we made a joke wherever standing on a
stone for Jessica actually cried oh so
poor nation we shot the scene we not
even address it I think you should
address the fact that you're a hobbit
hmm right come on a meeting at that time
my brother those chairs
you better get off those stairs or I
will give you a bank
you want to give me a kiss is that what
you want yeah Eduardo yeah princess
Amelia is in her bed
she's instructed us not to wake her up
I'm not tonight come on I'll go upstairs
with Edward okay can you say good night
to our friends yeah say night-night
friends I'll see you tomorrow yeah say
thank you for watching please find your
brother cuz I'm a little bit concerned
oh he's coming back down alright say
night-night
Eduardo thank you it's so cool to be
part of security juries because I went
off working all day yesterday in Leeds
and I didn't see my wife or my kids
pretty much all day and then this
morning I'm like editing and I'm getting
to watch what they actually did all day
long and I'm like okay first off I'm
totes jealous because I would have
wanted to sit on that tractor and come
to that farm anyway thanks for watching
this video hope you enjoyed it kids know
like give us know comment maybe a
subscription if you are new here and
I'll see you guys next time bye
