hello had a dream morning friends go to
Detroit oh he's wearing Amelia's uggs
you need to choose it Hey he hasn't got
any shoes you got a dream I had a dream
come on let me tell you about my dream
inside their garage we're gonna go fix
the guards all right we need the
shipshape shop this place this is out of
control
come on inside inside all right welcome
to my new boutique where everything is
so unique Wow
wide oh yeah look at that stuff huh
right lads let us address the elephant
in the room five years ago today I made
a commitment a five-year plan this
morning I have achieved my five-year
plan how amazing is that you know to
have you know everybody has extremely
motivation by seeing in front of them
the carrot you know I normally carry
this very close in front of you to have
you know this external exchanging
motivation to do something because you
see the instant gratification you see
the reward and you say going to take the
step because if I take the step I get
rewarded to have intrinsic motivation to
have calling inside of you something
that says if I do this for a long time I
cannot see the rewards that I will be
given I have to go unknowingly into the
night yeah we're gonna get that we're
gonna get that but I will find and I
will stay true to my plan and I will be
rewarded and that's why I felt this
entire five-year journey was it was
it was not easy to set a task that
initially you know way back when back
five years ago when when we had when it
was just such a difficult time for us
and and four years ago interval and
three and and there's always been
hurdles have been always pushed in front
of me to stop me from achieving what I
wanted to do and along the way we picked
up little Amelia then we picked up
Eduardo we have these dogs we got this
little car it's been an adventure friend
but what's truly amazing is that we got
it all on tape we got it all on tape
five years half a decade you know she oh
my goodness
imagine we do another five years I'll
have a decade on tape nuts
that's insane like though the entire
world as we know it has changed since
2010 when I start making these video
everything around me has changed I think
that I've stayed relatively the same
when I go back and look at those videos
you know but what I what about what I'm
getting to is that if you guys have any
you guys out there have a plan have a
dream do you have a dream do you have a
dream I want you to hold on to that
dream the media I want you to visualize
that dream and go for it go and get your
dreams lads anything is possible
it's just going to take a whole lot of
work a whole lot of sacrifice and no
excuses right and the little voice in
your head your subconscious is like nah
you can't see it yeah it's um it's a
slide oh we found no no gosh good yeah
we did yeah yeah it broke its neck
didn't happen I was like danger for the
kids well yeah so you know if you want
to take you want to start a five year
but I was thinking
today and I was like if you wanted to
take a five-year plan right you said
yourself I want to achieve something in
five years you know what you could do
every single day of that five years you
could go to Socorro Dakota at UK where
I've put the entire back catalogue of
all our videos and you could play one of
those videos it's like a little reward
every single day as you achieve it and
it's like showing you as you get your
five years and in five years time you
can watch this video
you did it friend you did it
you committed one of my children is
stuck what have you done to yourself
what what you're chasing a ball pit okay
see eduardo at a dream okay guardo had a
dream he followed father's dream I can't
mop I can't knock you for it I can't
knock you for it you followed your
dreams but you didn't really think about
reality you know you didn't think about
reality which is the other lesson that I
learned along the way
no it's great to have dreams but you
gotta have what's too heavy
oh is it we see y'all fossa is a
superhero yeah well I she's not that bad
what is that I can't see it that is to
125 and one five so what yeah that's
Simon when than that one and daddy went
on that one Wow I like your Peppa bike
so who knows what the future holds for
you for me for everybody
feed the world make it a better place
no I don't know why Mickey getting me
head there huh
when anyway your guys default it's not
gonna work out your man it's not gonna
work out have a dream let's have a dream
what do you think we're gonna can we say
after fear like we think that's what we
go on I think it's safe to say
we're staying I'm sticking around who
knows in 10 years why my life to even
look like you know in another five years
you know
how many more children where how many
dogs do you have what country am i
living in where where am i Who am I who
have I become
amazing amazing to get it all on tape
none of these last five years would have
been possible had it not been partly
from the support of you guys you know
coming every day and watching our videos
and hitting that like button and
subscribing my million subscribers a
million that's just crazy you know
you matter people that work I think we
have like 250 million views that even in
number you know it's like the comma that
whoa careful careful
wobbly wobbly the the Twitter's the
instagrams of snapchat the face balls
everything it's just the meetups like
I've met so many I haven't met enough of
you okay so for the next five years the
plan is to meet all of you okay oh my
goodness okay this is the longest clip
it took me five years to get this clip
together it's a spider webs in there
what do we do with them all right okay
what all right we got a lot of work to
do okay dad is talking with dad talking
too much
Wow yeah yeah my turn I have four kids
look that's all over is that for some
reason Amelia and her sister address
identify and so is it wired on his
brother I also have a daddy
Eduardo hey what what pick it up pick
this one up top this one's life Oh
huh lift it up in your hand up close go
oh
you're so strong
well your minds fender boat row row row
your boat stop on my knee like this you
are hilarious ''tis hilarious ''tis
alright let's go get to work let's go
get to work we're going there twerk
while we work
I got work while at work can you pork
while you work got the look at that
gloves
alright let's go let's put this back in
here how many times have I said I'm
stopping this pip
it just keeps got it's a pip that keeps
on giving what hey what was that oh why
do I do I do i do i do i do I go I go I
go I do
hey this is one of these gym mirrors
slightly dangerous fire was this a left
left loof TV imagine it did say 250 B
hey hey no no no no no batana no be
done'
huh no be done'
shucks sulabha den den dan den dan den
dan den dan den dan den dan den dan den
there is you're a bunch of hilarious
appease oh you're alright alright good
thing these are cushions huh huh lifting
these are cushions mr. hmm
all right this time I'm going so we
decided to go for a nice lunch lunch
lunch lads oh yeah we're going through a
tunnel
Myrna is very excited look at that tree
more now every time a car drove past is
like wow look at that wardo transformer
transformers but what what is it you
couldn't read his turn on here which is
pretty good with you yes I am I was like
1 to 30 years it was a long time ago and
we're like oh look at the cave we should
check out the caves there's caves on the
neat our entire town go check it out
what welcome to a tunnel you care to go
to your time in there oh yeah tunnel
time yeah you have to hold your breath
the whole way to the tunnel is you're a
monster
is there a month room time
yes sir monster no more monsters jumping
on the back like there's the case in
their turtle cave entrance experience do
you get it essentially yeah Disney World
looks similar Oh wine and beer hmm
hello stickman so again Carlitos Frank
come here you see me assume a chair so
you know we're all talking about hair no
those are they nuts they just like the
biggest prize ever I want to know I want
all of them
look at that beat amused
like we can't be sitting babysitting
while you know right that's got a stack
of branch shock for bright lights tell
my baby secret that I was created for
noodles what
that's those people yeah you want me to
draw no to people
money honey Superman here talking about
look at the places you can get a century
scale here touch them again they're
monstrous all right let's go home let's
go home or go we don't need to fill up
their dance annoy try one home is a nice
hmm
try me good well hello hello Melia he's
the same size as you hello Eduardo Nick
when you watch there oh my goodness so
good better the same size this one
George is that the one she's gonna pick
I better every one thing yeah no not
okay guys no no no no sorry guys oh okay
I do apologize did you shop people that
is probably not what it looks like oh oh
and we were back at the car hey wait oh
oh
Amelia do you have a fun day did you
can't present all right let's get out of
here call it a wrap season 5 episode 1
or is this season for the finale
can figure out what is it is this season
5 episode 1 for the season for the
finale - ah this is season 5 episode 1
when we got a paper in raw wine lots of
stuff alright save my friend's boyfriend
see my friends white oh ah ok bye bye ok
bye bye my friends my friends my friends
by friends see you tomorrow five more
years five more years imagine that that
worked unlike YouTube or any
entertainment platform it was almost
like elections and people had to like
Kansas for people to vote for them to be
in a show and then they could get like
voted at yeah could you imagine like in
Game of Thrones all the actors at the
end of each season have like line up and
like get votes and then we can say like
hmm no you've lost and other people can
like nominate themselves to become that
character or that actors oh boy I have
too much too much time on my hands to
think about these things hope you've
enjoyed the last five years
Chow's know like kids no comment do the
subscribing thing if you're new here and
have a nice day
