hey friends did you forget give morning
family
don't be don't be late okay I'll see you
next week we're going oh this year this
is your boat harbour boat car spaceship
hello female give me this hair looks
like we're back in Disney World
we're going hey yo what's up what's up
yo head me head me my MA
that's today that lazy devil what row
row row your boat gently down the stream
if you see enemy knee yeah for sure into
the stream what the door nose face like
border the headphones it you saw me put
mine in or watching somewhere you always
win game stuff for breakfast Oh
Eduardo's like hey what are you doing
dad so I was like eh you can listen
is it coming from the cool you can share
your buds
hey bud hey bud what happens if you
leave two children alone in the kitchen
for five minutes this happens you guys
been busy huh oh boy oh boy huh have we
had a busy morning Oh drinking coffee
straight from the machine now are we so
after the kids took apart kitchen Hayden
came upstairs and took apart the bedroom
you're a very good take apart her gosh
yeah when we move house I'm employing
you to strip all the rooms that pillow
soit yeah whoa hey slide
pills Lloyd she is like an English
accent but from everywhere you know
she's a bit of Manchester a bit
Liverpool a bit of London bitter leaves
actually anyone from England right what
kind of accent doesn't really have but
she has she has developing an English
accent but we're like is that a London
accent oh wow
Wow Wow you're hilarious you know you -
what are you - I love walking in circles
Oh Oh very spray tensed Oh round and
round and round in man oh hello Oh in
the book the concentration like break
dancer like you what are you doing over
there now good night is that enough this
little monkey job
finish you made it you made it
he's had tonight
are you bad to me there's a whiteout it
does squats for fun Oh Oh Melia is
asleep
Oh nein nein Emilia oh you're sleeping
easy is sleeping you sleeping
this is your revenge this is your
punishment
it's five o'clock Oh jeepers oh my
goodness Lance this day right five years
ago was the day before this or I had
taught like I was trying to find a video
I can't seem to fly it but it was like
did not mad things like five years ago I
came up with that one tonight
the same day one of the week upload when
walk I'll be guest ran a Playstation
yeah like that it's dead and I got some
word oh my god my facebook my Twitter my
blog no way is that still actually alive
this okay that's not my blog in for mass
technology I Android um Indonesian
wonder my family weirdest oh no a white
licking this everywhere this info -
Tecna what do you do it you're blurry
anyway hey what have you got there
what's this that's for the Cayenne oh
you're a monkey you're a monkey
oh no this carry on here lads
all right so that's a I think we should
probably remove this okay don't check
out my blog I can't make my blog is gone
no oh I put up like two posts in ten
years didn't exactly take to blogging by
dick vlogging that matter like mother
you should go look Wednesday newest
comment okay and then we should actually
go back you chain one day ago here you
go all the way back to there like the
start comments the first comment that
was that put on a second
there we have it the first common ever
on the saucony Jodie's video was from
JAMA mama when are you going to make
mrs. to Kony
mrs. la flu the flu posted in my channel
I set up these channels called Saucony
Jolie's I call it a fluke TV with my
channel and then after 50 videos I
started in the vlogs and then after year
became screen Joyce
I think vlogging is fun it's realistic
than TV plus you get to change what
happened and now I'm mad these are the
first oh my god Judy Thompson still
actually here still here five years
later Charlotte still here five years
later I'm not sure I don't recognize the
other usernames as well but it's not
mine actually should check it um life is
it a day of construction or something it
mean like seriously so hold hold hold
okay that's the treaty camping all right
no no no you're naughty girl
he's a naughty boy look at this stuff
lads don't are these things you can't
control them beat him uh amaze
destruction runs right on again mr. Don
I thought your foot sat in here where
have they gone
okay William keep an eye on water okay
you mind him okay
you ordered the cross on special a
specially for you specially for you sir
rub-a-dub-dub thanks for the grub on my
way to get my nails done this guy gives
like full of toys and I thought I pulled
everything out but this play-doh thing
is in there so I don't really run them
stuff in my bags anyway the Devonian and
I think I'm gonna go with pink this time
you're gonna paint my nails big so I
went to get my nails done so I got my
nails done this is the color that I
picked not about you which I love also
went to Morrison's and had a parking
nightmare actually wasn't that big of a
nightmare but it was quite it was quite
difficult that's why I ended up not won
anything so it's just been such a bad
mood after it um it wasn't even that
side but I just like panic so it's just
annoying
people can be so mean and like when I
start panicking where parking is just
like Abby's Johnson Kingdom not look for
care but there may be a spider hovering
in your room did you see the spider
there did you know he was there
did you is that your friend
what's his name my god Sammy the spider
hello Sammy Oh where's that me dawn
where's Sammy going no that wouldn't go
in your bed that shy yeah maybe put in a
blanket Mike Hawkins yeah is that best
yeah for the app shop yeah okay okay
maybe I'll do that
see oh I'm going to eat it who eat this
did he eat it up
no oh okay
yeah maybe he's just really excited cuz
he's on his holidays that's what it is
he's finished all his exams he's like
Terry apart I'm outside maybe yeah maybe
we'll do that yeah so okay okay
the writers room put it in why does room
no no not that maybe in the garden
yes you're a boy got sad yeah Marta will
get side we put a spider in his room oh
whoa oh oh what No
oh you get all the names oh oh you're
gonna hop scotch mmm you got Amelia
Eduardo mommy daddy what about all the
doggie names
where's five what's why does he was
wrong from from from from for me for my
Chinese door fire which sometimes I
forget to add up such a cooking in some
coconut oil and meat and here is the
finished masterpiece
I forgot to say we also filled it with a
this stuff flex and whole grain red rice
and stuff it's really a good feel it's
really tasty and it turned into a Margie
feast which you've got the stir fry the
peanuts hang yeah veggies the shrimp and
then the flaxseed and wanna Guan isn't
Guan about to wait one yeah different
type of window jokes but there we go and
vlog ADIZ just went why should we do the
comment Hall of Fame
that college when I grow up I want my
children to love me as much oh god I
mean this episode Ana's hilarious
ah the excited little rollin in media
heading off to school on her cheek club
her dance
favorite / today Howdy Doody hoodie
booty foodie moody hippy dippy LEP
cookie reference operation get the child
Oh child 1 Oh child 1 you know you know
you know you've been tangled you know
come on the inside we're dinner let's go
let's go yeah okay yo fun day today yeah
it'll say you say my friends oh my hands
my parents you tomorrow
did I need to and hit anything the like
button maybe yeah it's like but whoa hey
media tomorrow I'll be like in five
years boom huh
alright get it get inside get inside
right now ah five years ago today the
14th of June 2010 i sat somewhere with
some sort of a camera and I pretty much
did exactly what I'm doing right now
this is being the longest japa the ride
it's been longest commitment I've ever
made okay I'm without a eight years so I
suppose that's longer but insert like
it's just five years of doing something
every single day video like it and
subscribe and comment two-digit ahead
and see you tomorrow bye thanks bye
