yeah good morning Amelia
good morning Eduardo how you doing in
there huh
where you off to she's what we an
industry called a runner bean mm-hmm is
not 360 degrees yes you can't what were
you doing what you doing stop turn your
screen hmm so I am laying my pink socks
I'm heading to London right now I have a
couple of meetings today we've matched
them onto one like intense day so good
just like Selfridge s Couture just a
trapper and roomy chocolates today what
I've got a ah we'll spend you
professional personal trainers coming to
the house huh
could you get mom in shape shipshape
Neal bucks there's new books in here
when you get it you wanna get out where
do ya you want me to open the curtains
oh you knows nice is this the cool room
yeah I can't buy it for you it's a line
to a big big big house where are we yay
when
the gun doesn't kill a big big big how
nice
no we can't oppress safra's we can't
paint our selfies we were talking about
em if you watch Ana's cute out Simon up
yet um yeah we're we're in the UK um a
year there you know what kind of
thinking we're gonna stay here and then
we're like right next thing to do is get
her forever home you know let's get a
home for the kids so taking that you
know their own room so it can be theirs
forever they can do whatever you want
painter designer ever they want you know
go away no see we've been approved for
mortgage and everything now you know
it's only a matter of like finding the
property but then I'm still thinking
that instead of buying something why
don't we build something you know how
cool would be to build something that a
custom-made house for six doggy friends
and you know being able to build like
little castles for a million write a
play and just build like the perfect
house you know but if we do do that
they'll be kind of cool pray for the box
for it for you guys whisper I think it's
about a year or so from finding land to
designing and building itself so I hope
that's a it's a complicated process but
here look this is what she's talking
about
hmm what is Barragan come on quickly
daddy has to go catch a train you gotta
catch a train gotta catch a train their
belly yeah come on guys oh oh that's
gone for
Oh No look at what Amelia and Eduardo
got from Natasha Wow Cassie is it pink
yeah
oh that is so cool look at it why don't
he loves it he's actually keeping them
on and they got hats look how cute
cuz emedia at nursery I notice the other
day like all the kids outside work don't
squash it
we're um they all have hats on and then
I saw on I saw on Amelia's peg there was
a little like cap so they obviously gave
her like a spare one and in my head I
was like oh oh I think she needs a hat
for nursery okay maybe don't do that in
media you're gonna squash it and then it
won't fit properly there keep it up like
that kay right let's go up on the
treatments hopefully just what soon they
just want soon enough
the traveler today the traveling friend
isn't here today huh only do this banana
I'm on my own
Oh gentlemen said you in no way leapin
authorized to edit their emulator your
lonelytraveller your touch me so what
did you say huh Oh
did you help clean up yeah good girl
did it wardo help clean up let's see it
wardo good boy boy dough
Eduardo and meat well mostly Eduardo
pulled all of the books out that's like
his new thing that's really some point
the horror movie the horror movie so my
chest is the worst person to bring you a
red button get out of translation we go
- like come on back up the stairs and
we're back in the train station we
essentially did a circle is amazing
the Irish Irish back in it oh we almost
respect like as well as like we got
those two time laughs this is like a
couple months ago yeah we're all like
sitting and having breakfast and it's a
one time I like relinquish control
I was like already when we go to
airports on was like no one you can't go
shopping but luckily yeah it's running
by turning the staff knew they're like
oh no problem April we're now let's
break it yeah okay they hold the plane
cream you know it's upright how cool is
this thing nothing is impossible friends
I feel like this is such a mom time to
shop crap Morrison's this is like really
quiet morning time perfect moment time
to shop everything I needed
come someone will through fruit fruits
for Jonathan
and some sugar lunch stuff oh my god
so I found this 1/4 eoq so that's the
only one I couldn't get in the right
color
this is lb 0 new she's giving Bianca and
Cena meeting one is in Dubai we are
somewhere dozen I don't even know where
we are comparable no idea Francesca is
going to die why bike death by bike
whilst reading the phone we're near the
kremps comes and the red was Tutankhaten
yeah all right back to the Northern Line
hide why no um
so I'm here in the garden with Lucy I'm
so heard of rap where this is Lucy I'm
going to leave her channel below because
it's amazing and she has loads of
fitness tips and nutrition tips and
that's how I found her so she's doing a
workout with me and I'm really out of
breath so that's how you know it works
so check her channel out so we go fifty
one two three well
that's one and jump that high - and
let's go three that's good take it four
and go five six let's go seven back to
under my tree here I was picking off
isn't it
hello my god is now it's about half - so
that wasn't too bad actually I don't
feel like going was like she'd gone for
that long
oh my goodness I just finished my first
session with Lucy she is amazing she
worked me really really hard so I really
encourage you to look at her videos
that's how I found her was on through
each this is the amazing thing about
social media YouTube that's how I found
her videos and I loved all of her tips
and everything and that's how I got in
contact with her and I'm so happy I did
because I feel so much more like I can
feel it in my like muscles way more than
I did at the gym and I'm just so happy
I'm back
did you miss me I missed you too so what
climbing in I know I heard you calling
me oh yeah so come on right now yeah no
I heard you calling me and I said you
know what I'll come up and say did you
miss me go hey look who's awake I get
sad did you fall off your bed what what
were you doing I what cat yeah are you
trying to get all the pilots pets did
you turn them all on the floor did you
call for daddy what did you say daddy I
like that
he's gonna help you want that but I was
that's my new terrain I was eating that
okay I'm one-one you want some tuned
what say please daddy you're the best
daddy daddy's my favorite - OH
why are you wait do you hear her I was
sending Annika cash back then when I was
falling and she was falling so you do
not have a nap today
oh you did not did you have a little nap
you tell you monies you telling lies
mommy knows did you see mommy doing her
exercises yeah oh nothing to show your
friends just look there mommy gone be
gone so hey Liz
daddy hello hello
no that's the media Oh
take care I'm so excited in 15 minutes
huh this video is gonna live like this
is just nuts that you can do this if you
guys haven't checked this out I'll leave
a link down below 360 degree video like
you can pull the video and what it's
like he's talking about it's like all
boring let's go over here and check out
what the media is doing let's see what
it's wireless doing like this is me
Angela then if you watch it on your
phone as well it is not you know you can
look like head over and have a look like
that so please let's go over there back
over here is momentum to see that you
got some tea party
follow in the park yeah wing matter
juju huh way to me that movies she fell
into a state of depression
oh that's Nevaeh wash you're not to be
boast on your the colors the colors had
to be right yeah Bianca's is actually
the classiest of all of these lovely
yeah I can see how he's a nice he's
still gypsy fried my scene I'm yanker
like going to a lovely tea party was
your Cleo oh I didn't get you one just
with just rip it off wall
are you run free be a goodness
he's just been following the morning
yeah Guardian because a Bianca and Nala
Oh funny
show me what mommy was doing show me all
the exercises okay ready
you didn't work out to where no let's go
yes quite so anna has cooked up a stormy
situation
it's a fajita situation children have
made a mess and has made dinner the
official way to open up oh I thought
you're like carrying it open but you're
having it like this looks pretty good
it's pretty tasty join in on that when
in love in the comments I'll try a scrap
it chicken all right hello Eduardo you
just roaming around from town to town
huh just a little pain here forget this
little thing here hmm
I put water on this one for you so you
need wardo can have the same one look a
Foxboro ro and al for Amelia
oh if you got set the table come on we
gotta set the table quickly hey go take
the waters in come on let's go
we gotta set the table Rach come on
who put them in the fridge wave say
bye-bye
lavage ah I figured an old at London en
slave would be relevant considering I
went to London today that's cool I have
no idea who that even is I reckon Anna
is a girl so it's a group that has three
guys and a girl or is Amelia a girl in
the background - I've absolutely no idea
maybe it's not even five seconds of one
direction or something hey thanks for
watching this video hope you enjoyed it
don't forget check out a 360 vlog II
think it's mental and I guess no like
gives no comment see you tomorrow
