hello and welcome three-dimensional
Ciccone Joey
feel free to move around let's go that
way head over there look there's Anna
that ha
it's treat an enchilada come back to me
come back to me okay you can also see
Amelia media's over there let's go oh
yeah over here
ooh I know it you can move around you do
not have that yeah you don't have to
stay here with us over there how cool is
this like better bite size it's right
over here
look it's right outside hold on a minute
okay you can come out oh okay you
normally you wouldn't have seen that in
other videos but they give us the
everything you want to pick them up look
at this media our friends can see
everything this is our garden you know
feel free to wander around have a look
over there have a look at the trampoline
what are you rubbing a tree dimensional
conversation yeah yeah do you want to
hold it you walk around yeah yeah you
walk around you can follow me you could
walk oh all right isn't this crazy go
what around have a route around this
phrase you got to keep the house super
clean all the time that's the only
downside to it
you're wide Oh what does that dog doing
if you're watching me turn around and
update the dog on the other side you can
just listen big board oh gosh completely
annoying right now okay you can just
head on head on somewhere else huh huh
oh alright if we should go try on a
trampoline that should be fun huh
did a hundred basement you guys ever
wanted to have a good look around the
old instant now is your chance now is
your chance huh Oh get out of there
woody yeah they're all right there
should be doggy food in here somewhere
um there's not dog food in here but
what's this thing here oh I found it
found it okay guys okay found it got
some funky food oh we get it
no I know it's cookin over here guys
that looks good you still looking at
this side of the screen but either side
your skin whose side you want to look at
an aside on my side oh that stinks
oh okay what did I give you what your
blanket okay gotta feed these huh and
then a bottle I just touched like a
minute ago
oh look its wings isn't even tummy's Oh
oh my goodness mental boeing-boeing good
boy
oh boy oh boy you guys are the best
what yeah this is a fun video experiment
hmm hope you guys enjoyed our fun video
and you can you can look over there if
you want what she's design you know I
think it's really cool excited quality
is really really bad this is the best
this is the beginning 360 video I think
I don't know if you have to do it
everyday because the house ok ok bye Jan
maja by brown thanks for what you action
