good morning Mia friends Emilia friends
good morning right oh wait oh wait oh
can you say good morning friends you say
good morning friends oh thank you
you think you're sinking get Emilia
friends that we say yeah Amelie up yeah
so we're supposed to go do this at Polo
in the park today but uh I mean out
cause this little squid is up most of
the night hmm
I know buddy shake shake shake
don't you never one of these little
changes you know I'm we're gonna sleep
for like a couple of months your child
once they kind of like hit a routine
they give you a little bit of time where
you think you just ain't got like on
that's all right dad boom this isn't a
no sleep anymore they got teeth growing
out of places huh
even know what's going on with you
anymore huh hmm yeah banana banana
sundae lads
banana
oh no saben no this one say banana oh oh
nana oh man you gonna be minute okay you
like it the minute you like it the nana
you like a double Lana when you're gonna
and a we should definitely try to do
that polo thing again because I've never
audio anything I know about polo right
is that remember a pretty woman
you can seen that movie that little polo
scene that's all I know you're on a
horse you're playing golf
can you bring tops on a horse or
something month action it says that it
sounds English in British I figure we
should do it sometime but not today
folks
hello looks like a lovely day
caterpillar watch day for Brian goes to
the kitchen I was trying to do a big
brother voice with a an emoji going on T
curious that there is Brian
Brian's at the top and then Benny
Cassandra Jimmy and Veronica their tanks
at a-put of lights I have chosen just
now I keep the initiators I keep
forgetting I just assume everybody has a
calendar but and this is the this is the
June 1
this focus so meeting the ballet if you
are dough on the bed and myself and I
dressed up in about is dope
what's next once were just because our
prior okay Oh to go to one together and
while trying to remember to show you
we're gonna do two calendars again this
year by the way bTW I think we're gonna
shoot it as soon as you get back from
VidCon can't have a Sunday wait out the
trampoline but we've got some more other
ruining our fun oh no where's the Sun
gone wow I don't know where toe is my
Anna was gonna go search for our
princess get dressed
I was like no cuckoo droplet okay what
do you see
this little look at this little play
pocket I'm training him nice Oh
freezing where is the Sun Titan behind
that cloud look at that cloud over there
ruining our summer huh yeah yeah that
cause Illinois princess Amelia right
right right right princess of in here
right why no Amelia oh you the driver
you driving dad alright the Sun mr. Sun
Sun mr. Golden Sun please cosign on me
mr. Sun can you sing
hm oh my cancel late can you sing the
song
it's a great tastic time look at I'm
picking from the things punished no pun
intended when you guys ever pick your
own strawberries in yeah I've ever
although we do have little grapevine in
their glasses in my dad our own has a
dad group we used to pick them but you
ever got strawberry picking when you're
a kid yeah yeah that's cool like you get
a book and then you wait at the end you
kind of eat half of it as you're going
along yeah are you gonna eat them or is
daddy gonna eat them no daddy already
two of them that's what happens if you
don't eat them faster no no no ate at
the table table table B fie foe fum if I
catch you I stick grape in your bum hmm
people in a grape in your bum bum come
on back to the table yeah yeah with you
this is not the kitchen this is not the
kitchen he's watching frozen
what you did what's gonna hear you have
fun watching frozen ego scrapes at the
kitchen right now our server dr. pepper
walking in the jungle walking in the
jungle
we're not afraid oh this is Amelia's
castle stand up here mm-hmm
I have come looking for dougie friends
Oh doggy friends can you guys walk
barefoot everywhere I always do I like
it though I like the sensation of
feeling the ground under my feet wider
than air wearing shoes hi Albie come on
come on out of the jungle come on come
on yeah boy let's go walking in the
jungle won't give me any chances
Oh young girls got very hot sometimes
I'm walking on grass sometimes a mark in
a pavement sometimes I'm walking on sand
sometimes I'm walking on numbers right
so I'm going to make dinner I think
tonight we're having well we're having
beef stir-fry but I don't have any black
bean sauce which is kind of technically
what I pull with this and so I have
sweet and sour which isn't usually what
I put with the beef dinner it's usually
chicken or prawns as it goes really well
with that book I don't really have other
options so I think I'm just going to go
with that and hopefully it will be nice
sweet and sour beef is a thing isn't it
veggies and some spicy quick Queen wah
quinoa and whole grain rice which
hopefully is inches by 6 indicates I
actually don't think it isn't known
quite mild why why Tommy wife
tell me what my hey I got you work all
the time I don't know I think you take a
new visa like literally oh my god yeah I
never have movies pinned to the ground
sisters where were you
were you busy in your office what were
you doing laughing nothing are you
working oh you're dancing you're dancing
in your office yeah you always dance in
your office I does daddy danced in his
office
yeah you went to mocking us well you can
have forward right oh yeah you know some
water
good girl it's in the hall like I said
oh my goodness guys guys look look what
we made a butterfly look he climbed out
of the cocoon climbed out look you can
see it look it's this one here I thought
that one looked really dark earlier
today Dino's looked really dark and then
I looked in like I've had an hour
earlier but I was like she's gone from
being really dark to really like see
maybe look don't try again to fly down
do you see it Amelia yeah we made a
butterfly in that cool like literally
his he's changed color oh yeah all of
them occur
liyan oh is that all the red stuff yeah
yeah yeah come over here do you see him
look look look from the top you see the
cool whoa
mmm this is walking around hey Wow not
yet let's wait for his friends yes wait
for his friends to come along yeah oh
you don't even go alone we try and get
him some food or something
oh you see why no do you see oh he's so
cute
oh we came back okay okay yeah she's
learning of the fly oh he learned about
alcohol hmm you think well in a couple
of days I can't go to Lola's friends
come so in a couple of days all his
friends will come yeah well no they fly
around the garden they won't go away
operation open the door look up useful
my feet are you can open doors on my
feet okay now we need some things are we
gonna get some twigs when you pick up
some twigs and we'll make the butterfly
house you got some sticks what about
some leaves and we need some nectar
flowers
I'm sure the nectar flower is but it was
on the list did you find any nectar
flowers
my word all right that looks good I
don't like a nice little feast yeah you
carry these in now flowers in the infant
girl oh very good can eat the bananas
yeah yeah we got banana put some hot oil
do you think a little bit do you think
you'd like some apple yeah okay let's
get some apple hey I like that so much
yeah mommy mommy's putting her up she's
gonna bring it over now we have
certainly created a feast Wow yeah yeah
all right when you guys wake up look at
the feast that's ready for you we've
probably overdone it what is cool oh are
you gonna eat - your friends -
butterflies okay let's go find Eduardo
what you doing what are we there for
sure okay you got beautiful things
oh boy
carry your media first of all guardo you
mean eeeh
why are you back then are you two going
yeah
hey so much fun like playing ball with
the two of them huh just need the bat
was it any of their seven kids or
somewhere a little football team huh
what happened is that spiky is that
spiky yeah don't grab it again don't
grab it again like that bye friends see
you tomorrow
oh why why why butterflies five
butterflies five good Theo killed
Eduardo ball oh no I saw this ends late
the first time the girl made it and it
was amazing and I was like ah so cool
imagine Oh where's the Coney Jolie's
little book or something where you have
to try and find us policy and slide and
see if you can find them actually quite
difficult I don't
nothing against I can see Eduardo and
that's it I'm gonna to get the
magnifying glasses hey thanks so much
for watching today's video
hope you enjoyed it hope you enjoyed
this insight and I will see you guys
tomorrow
as our family expands our 11th child was
born today kidnoh like comment subscribe
see you later
