good morning friends 4100 so worried I
was the cutest little fella he's over
there right at the snack drawer and he's
bringing all the snacks over two is
equal yes so what do you know mr. one
huh I know caterpillar this morning
still cacoon cacoon oh you say oku you
are a banana Nana a cheeky banana cheeky
no what is it
see what is it oh we got bananas bananas
it's a nice enough
what'll I still MS if you could have one
fruit for breakfast what would it be it
was me I would have grapefruit and not
normal white grapefruit
let the blood grapefruit the red
grapefruit so good and you can like cut
it out a little bit of brown sugar on it
and chop all the squares yeah yummy I
got it
I was so much funny I said as aw I don't
know what I know it's doing that because
I'm so much like what if we got 42
minutes a foot that's like it that's is
that is that actually yeah so this is
where I vlog yesterday this is what
happened it's okay that's what she gave
me to work with this is oh no supposed
to balance that out
you want another Nana
oh look around a lovely beach is it like
eh stitch booj booj booj got some
postage postage and I got a special
delivery this morning Richmond is it you
buy from Amazon yeah personally dodgy
black-market dealing yeah I can get your
pilot's test you are a palace pack so
rare one though
oh is it okay your bypass is giving it
to me are you're just going in for
yourself is there any more tail okay we
get you pilot pets for your birthday
the owl honey cake listen tell honey
cake and pounce and I think then we have
one of them I think we might actually
have one then no way actually every
single pot aspect we get firm honey cake
and repent so exercise is a picture girl
from Dubai on Twitter and she said she
had all of them with a picture of all of
them borrow one yeah I wonder which one
she's missing you pretty no you know
I couldn't co-star just licking my foot
oh dear
say oh dear hmm
oh dear hold Oh hold on hold on then the
apron man hey hey so we're doing some
edging here we pretty much have a done
geode huh
oh dear you just jump the top me as I
beat me up looks like I oh dear oh dear
don't don't don't attack your father
oh don't affect your father is it a
child down here got a child between my
legs got a child to massage surrounded
by doggies you know I'm innocent gonna
join us huh oh dear oh no dear hello
don't say yeah
Oh daddy why
ah
you guys love each other
hmm you're gonna be best friends and you
go up yeah these are my kids they're
breathing great Oh
Diddy hey did it oh did he say Oh teddy
Oh Oh teddy
Oh let's go art Oh
mm-hmm so good even though you made the
whole a garden let's go let's go yeah
let's go let's go look at me still going
yeah
do you know where we're going where are
we going
Joey in lp's house yeah who else is
there no I am no LA all right come on
wardo I got some nice seats for you
all right right so we're off these zoe
has cookies she's dressed like a jungle
queen that's nice
that's a dumbbell how people talk what
Oh like dancing
it's harder than it looked mmm that's
amazing but it's like when it goes with
these I just wants to find where they
write them okay I'll bring them went to
VidCon that's how you get around this
might you like pro media how you go back
with them forwards Jonathan you're
honest you gonna break oh that it's a
lot harder than we looks think you're
moving around yeah yeah because he's not
like you sound like go forward go by
just like I think I'll go is it tapped
into your brain or something media why
don't look look
did you pick that up in America no I
opened it out online me yeah
kitty shop and then why are you scared
are you scared
oh he's fully Oh daddy the robot yeah
we're using a town boy back now it's
great
oh I think I know you
for careful how amazing the fire is knit
you just find your back starting back or
forward holding our face s move you ever
hit just in case maybe blue stripes and
spots going right you ready
so paper phone gently man John
government on you go you got it you got
it you got it you got it
we hitting just ready so just try to
stay off sound at or near enough at the
pop it back down window down Oh scary
okay yeah I got like no I think in
fairness no one needs to get on it now
come on
in fairness
yeah that sort of makes you feel like
going yeah yeah hey guys oh it's so cool
oh yeah yeah I've been on this like
everyday thing this is the moment this
is why you've been practicing for that's
good go alright I'm vlogging while on
the thing yeah this is the best thing
ever to me she's gonna turn around I
mean the head over its ready I'll be so
good for lookbooks you should just see
something it's like yeah yeah now I said
two films arias okay steady camera was
that you ha yeah hey weirdo let me just
head back this way it's kind of scary to
go backwards you feel like God don't do
that you'll lose your balance
so gonna stop my house but look at this
I was I was so fair terrified of parking
I go far out from the curb I am yeah I
know
I'm also sensitive oh no which is kind
of like you're like oh I don't wanna
scrape it no so we actually must happen
so he just moved the cars we fantage
there's room in the car park there I
know look at them ah little enlarged
kids love it here look they're just kind
of running around no we should get one
of them don't be lovely um I know he's
gonna do don't do it wardo he's a
parkour king hey don't stop before it
don't top before it I don't trust them
yeah hey why don't jump jump Amelia's
over there making friends this place is
really close you realize your kids just
run wild and it's really impossible I'm
making rich women it's like you go
swimming down waters off put your dog
stuff yeah that's really cool yeah we've
never brought her dog here you sure you
ran in out here
wait we have have you yeah yeah she was
gonna sit inside a circus with us oh
yeah should we know right we wait I
didn't even come in yet
you should get in it look at an ear a
sausage roll maybe it was just
so we're having some ass fish and chips
it literally has a lump of fish that's
me fish
oh yes yesterday yeah I know let me sit
down like at Roane my god
King Eduardo you are so cute I don't
blame you cast on the pier
Brighton's finest little thing is drunk
drunk on pasta uh-uh a drunken class
eater what are you doing get off you
couldn't pass the food over where do ya
where do where do oh oh no it's okay put
it on there late that's all for oh thank
Emilio ends pudding look at this thing
of Eton Mess morning yourself oh no a
little bent edge you know the mouth is
that a little bit lower to be children
all right let's get is change are you
going are you going hard
come on word Oh humor I know
are you breathe don't pass I don't pass
that Melia you have to stay over this
side hey little man
we are finished in stammer house we are
stammered out Oh
Emilia drew some lovely pictures while
she was seeing what we were dining
daughter's trying to knock the place
over careful guys
careful those cars here all right out
mm-hmm
all right should we go home and see the
doggies no you wanna draw more we're go
say goodbye to Zoe and Alfie and then
we'll draw more in the car on the way
home let's complete like there's such
comedian stitute of like Amelia's like
chief comedian and he's like her
assistant who is vying for the role of
chief comedians as well that was a Jay I
really enjoy going to start my house
because it's funny that the other you
know lots of their kids kind of like
player and they're so you know while the
adults kind of sit there eating and the
kids can all run around and play
together and the media fan these two
girls who had like markers and pages so
and then II just looked over and she was
like sitting between the tutor wit a
bunch of markers and pages and was
drawing and everything kids are so funny
how easily they adapt to you like
friendships you know there's like yeah I
think I'm just gonna play with you
anyway thanks for watching today's video
give us know like Clovis note comment
subscribe if you're new and George I'll
see you tomorrow
