Oh golly we going is it a good way
around here literally do i doing yay-hey
no this looks Kelly done huh miss Kelly
tonight didn't go Andy yeah daddy's halo
skinny turned me going I think you're
going to nursery yeah
no ballet on Monday but nursery today no
nothing that yeah yeah today okay but
that is going that is going car racing
today what the track and then to a race
track and they giving me a give me like
X fives to go off off mountaineering and
x5 and then who do you like I like
drifting they're teaching me how to
drifting like minis and other stuff foot
and stuff like that it's going to you
wanna do car racing huh let's get y2 out
of here you do mr. May hello little man
hello little man would you like a van
huh hello little man
OOP you're gonna be a good boy today
you're gonna be a good cook today
yeah oh can you climb up there as well
with this it's the angles lads it's it's
a right angle
can you do an obtuse angle acute I know
hmm what kind of angles can you do mmm
who's the other one hippopotamus angle
eponymous will do something like that
hmm yes
why delicious
proceed what happened yeah kinda kinda
uh yeah we didn't have pens here today
they weren't able to do this but we
waited yeah you old caterpillars are
gonna hatch in there yeah oh my goodness
okay oh no it could eat you one more
thing
oh that's okay well no telefono friends
gone in there I gotta put a friend's
girlfriend in here you didn't yeah yeah
close it they don't play away Wow yeah
it is so cool we're gonna put it now
throw it up there just for now cuz
anybody touching
and so cool
well my babies are so cool my word oh
come on it's Paul gonna bring it in
nursery I'll tear it you gotta bring
your nursery rocks yeah ditching school
ringing Amelia with us to the racetrack
where's my dad dude that's me don't walk
in the sand mm-hmm all right come on
jump across we still gonna tow seats in
this morning come on come across it's a
bit of a climb it's a bit of a climb
Paul quickly quickly Rand nursery yeah
what they say bye Paul where he going
he's gonna play with Eddie oh my
goodness it is stifling super hot yeah
there's a storm last night so I'm
heading to the doctor's appointment but
I need to also pick up Amelia afterwards
and pick up some ham I guess a Duff yeah
and other things but it is super hot
guys I know doesn't look at but it's
really hot right now just Kate
Morrison's to pick up a few things and
of course I got something that was
unnecessary home hopscotch
I need Philadelphia
Cadiz and just boring stuff I thought
they've been this hopefully kids like
that we're here Goodwood motor circuit
oh we get to go to that tunnel
Jackie strip put it into the right yes
we're going to treat aitana Oh lads lads
we're going through a tunnel okay fun
cake am stay cam are you you know
probably bad idea I was filming 15
things all right they're very gently
very gently
that looks like fun so we're filling out
these forms promise that we don't break
the car don't break the car Paul I
promised I would always drive 30 miles
an hour with my hands attention to okay
we are just check me when checking my
mirrors yeah yeah like a good sign right
macho elbow pads and being permission
and the driver I've gotten permission I
also got free bottle of water so the
first group are going out and nobody
physicians need a drifter to be imparted
on that kind and the trick and jump in
the deep end and open people we're
taking like oh yeah you're probably like
not work at all
you're going to be terrifying practicing
out on the trip down so let me go on the
racetrack we have just like looking at
you see memory scrap is over here it's
pretty cool looking look you might give
us a run-through so you start here and
all they have to break in somebody this
is meant to look it's like a proper race
course like let's go with cool Amelia's
room you're not to provide what me and
mother
yeah I need why no because it's such a
nice day today
this wet sand good kind
let's go inside come on big girl and she
was a really good girl nursery and she
ate all her lunch and there's it wait oh
all right I'm going first balls gonna
feeling me all right coming onto the m25
in the morning loads of traffic
in this corner no I said I was basically
Han not to do
almost almost
haha this is my driver this is the Stig
something line yeah we did the racetrack
thing I was just amazing right away and
then the first thing you'd admitted we
go off the racetrack we came running
back over here to do this again my
ex-wife though going alright she falls
got this yeah it was cool
oh it is so much it's so terrifying why
do I race car driving it's so
complicated and sitting there that was
there a minute ago
awesome oh I couldn't block it off it's
just like you - give me seven hundred
million orders about head and she drives
the car around the corner
all right coming down meaning and water
or late for nursery on my own oh it's
raining how am I gonna get into school
on time I know what I'll do
shortcut
Candace are you bypass oh no no not look
like it is essentially it right so we
set up the hopscotch
they're a bit weird they don't all fit
crap yes right away actually turn it
home okay
okay so what do you know yeah well if
you let's go one foot two one two what
you just talked with one foot yeah
good girl mmm yes
so you taking a feed take one of these
okay and you threw it and now if that
means you have to jump for
there you go
then you can throw it again o8 well yeah
back again good luck good luck we are
going in the mini the mini of death
that's right yeah all right m4 yeah we
go give a little give a little blip is
the manual man you got nothing look at
this thing 1.6 liter direct injection
alone
Zoe this is what it would be like if you
had a car on a race track we're gonna
race Lily's car cool start stop four
times in a minute
and it was fun yes a good out wide on
the brakes as you stay left off brakes a
little bit of power to turn it good over
to the right heartbreaking heartbreaking
heartbreaking hard off brakes turn in a
little bit gasps I really shouldn't be a
cameraman it's not my forte I'll break
it get a speed off the car good turn in
off the brakes concentrate get your foot
on the gas and wide make it the Bray you
need you being panicked out wide on the
exit cool so I made something so
different okay it's big off I made
something different for lunch well this
looks disgusting but it's avocado with
goats cheese oh my god so yummy I just
tasted a little bit and I don't know why
but I always forget like that avocados
exist like I always forget to buy them
or like that they even exist and when
Natasha just reminded me she was craving
them and I remembered that I used to
have this like the thing was a bagel
actually yeah was bagel in when we used
to go to Coco's which was a like Noah
cafe restaurant or like yeah cafe in
Cork and they did this with goat cheese
I think there was some other ingredient
in there maybe like roast peppers I
can't remember but with goat cheese so I
tried to recreate it so we're gonna
taste this so far I didn't taste amazing
we're gonna eat outside look what has
become of my hopscotch
yeah that didn't last very long so
looking ahead a video going off lucky
lovely oh it's already Kiki
he's made me drive to a slime pit so
we're gonna stop this so look oh oh my
God look at this ramp under the car
wake it on the bank you know nobody say
anything
looks you got a moving yeah it's pretty
good mmm
that wouldn't fail the MOT I'll be fine
that's good true you we could carry on
so you know he doesn't ranch you know he
said he's making a noise
nobody does make a noise for a bit yeah
but that he's basically rubbing along
well what understand two minutes extend
your run out of books for that clogs
that bedtime you have to read two books
just write her two books for me
night-night princess Amelia
- already okay and we are done
we're out of here there let me take the
sports car home god I was so fun right I
was amazed I was amazing effect Amelia
from school
all right let's let's try BPM 25 ohm no
drifting no speeding no no Freddie no
I'm throwing look who's up
oh hey Kira
yeah hello I'm back is your hugs for
that Oh squiggles hmm
hey why no oh did you miss did you miss
Paul yeah would you miss me collecting
you for mystery yeah no your mommy
collect yeah yeah come on oh my goodness
lads I actually ended up with nearly
like an hour's footage and then I watch
tomorrow's luck you'll see and it gave
me like two minutes that I gave like one
hour so I had to cook that tons of it to
make it fit inside a saucony choice
episode but um I was almost tempted
actually just put up a second video
didn't you say that like couple days ago
but the Google thing I know okay we're
talking to them and they're gonna allow
us to come back and soon and bring our
own cars and drive our own cars around
the track awesome anyway hope enjoyed
video gives no like toast no comment do
the subscribing thing and I'll see ya
tomorrow
