good morning Amelia and your dog and you
can touch my mom is going Emilia mr.
Harris just come back to say good
morning with her paws of doggies their
order dots the dog the keyboard says hey
you wanna go home or grandma oh yeah I
think you want to stay with your mommy
and daddy don't you
I come in okay my karma can see you look
in the cameras Bucky can see enough to
get into the car you see what along even
my house I know but you'll come back
soon
another day another day you'll see you
soon again okay oh she has to go home to
her house no Angie hi Hayley and Austin
and Kira who they don't live in
grandma's house they can be teachers in
Ireland
oh so daddy not watch gramma lives in
Scotland
give me whoever please call Scott ha in
her house
yeah you're very cute yeah
that's very nice
Eduardo has a new trick to show come on
Eduardo show us your new trick look at
this
what look at you gonna do aah oh my
goodness you can climb up on Amelia's
bed hey monkey what you see this right
he's able to jump back the window
pull his parachute you're releasing
monkey notice hmm he won't stand up in
that second parkour
this is MIDI videos when he's like some
parkour world champion that be put into
these videos
Eduardo started a quite a young age he
really wanted to get the palace pets
it's funny every morning when am i man
looking for links for the old videos and
I put in day to do a search my search
for the date to check it but today's one
look who came back a proposal oops wrong
one the proposal last four years ago was
it a good idea design a rogue radish oh
my god that's looking to stay to me I
chose that skip along Alice does so
trillion oh they're so crazy trying to
get her mom to like all right stuff like
that like oh stop
he's mad cos like I rang her mom and I
was telling her mom so I called her and
keep her busy and all this kinda stuff
like and then I was really putting out
she's listening to the conversations
putting out little candles and
like with the rose petals it would make
the little circle like I was like Oh
petrified like it's crazy proposing to
someone like you think that like not
gonna cry like and then you get to
anyone in just like with like what is
what is going on why I was so overcome
with emotion like that's why if you
watch that video that's why I really
wanted to do it like I know we kind of
like we got engaged and we kind of
agreed to marry her that's why I will
marry her pretty tough right stuff are
the contracts tons doctor oh my gosh you
know but then I was like a second I
really want I wanted that I wanted to
experience that you know and if I hadn't
done that and you know we still got I
think my relationship with Sophie good
we still got marriage and all that kind
of stuff but I would have always thought
like I missed that I'm taking that trail
that fear that guy I'm just glad I did
it was terrifying though I'm glad I did
it it was cool anyway um the link no the
link is in yesterday's video when I'm
you can just spot the proposal if you
haven't seen it a million views so
Amelia has built a house okay show me
your house all right why oh wow oh thank
you
well I not can I come in thank you oh
wow it's nice and cozy in here isn't it
we've got a sunroof as well I see okay
Shelley
they've been recut so oh that's your
kitchen all right right oh thank you
something a coffee so this is Sally a
brownie
yummy don't know okay
come on by them it's lovely
I like your assortment of stones all
your car friend we have enjoyed our time
together
oh but it is time to move on and it's
not you it's me it's me it's not you you
are amazing and beautiful but I just
feel like I've changed I've changed and
I feel like it's unfair for me to
continue in its relation to put you and
I don't want you to come away from this
thinking you're at Falls or you're to
babby or not the break-up talk oh I was
saying it wasn't me it wasn't her it was
me
I got break all the car seats until Feb
1st yeah before I dumped you I need to
take everything I own off you if that's
ok
and give it to my new girlfriend and
your car charger oh it's in your car is
it oh right so let's get all these at
let's get these car seat then they don't
take the compact alright this is the
part we have to stay cool I've gotta
fill in all the forms and stuff because
I just go can I can I can I like just
take it please and that's taking place
what do you think you know a car per
symbol
no it's really nice you can play the
freeze ball there I like know which one
the x5
over Brie Oh take work has been done
lads or taking rash so every
straightforward cup has our old friend
ficar friend hello car friend now it's a
bit quiet when you started up it's so
cool
oh no Amelia will get a kick out of that
Eduardo a choice are you the same look
it is be oh my goodness ha ha ha
that's I don't know but they let me
trick manager in this car I feel like
when you open the door he's like all
right we're at you everything I was like
seriously you're actually I'm I like
take this home
oh my goodness this is I'm so happy for
you
I cannot believe I own this car it's
really curling off the inside of that
you know what I was thinking that's
perfect for their little cups I know I
know
so no I love that I'm so happy for you
all right so run away home we decided to
stop off I don't even know where we are
Marley no I thought we're here anyone
notices this is where we are no one tell
the kids crispy crispy cream shop wait
I'm not sure it is this we're going in
here what's happening
I know it's everything Road chef no I
tell me where we are
Dartford Dartford possibly possibly in
Dartford anyway you guys want anything
when a chosen noodle acosta company you
want a frozen frozen crop let's get some
frozen props
this is how you know it's a fun one lads
the little MC there says my gosh it'll
be mg oh my god it's all for watching
this video
yes yeah so funny when is this coming
out right that's true please come out on
Monday I'm money oh my goodness and yeah
you are hilarious friend
you're so pretty there's like hello
hello haha I need inside Oh what's up
short off your belly button well not yet
not yet not first I got a I'm doing a
conference call thing right and about
half an hour half an hour you have a
snack first
what do you reckon is it a deal deal -
deal can you see it
I can't I got a look at and we can't sit
on it you can see that there's bigger
seats for me yeah better seats and a cup
holder a cup holder for your juice and
it makes a bit of noise it goes boom
Sara yeah I'll chew him in okay okay
okay I'll have a look in a minute II did
it to take a look place yeah mm-hmm oh
look what else came my rice plays lush
oh no oh no I will wait till although
did I flicked at the apartment what yeah
my reg plates were in there oh yeah it
goes in front of the car oh yeah it's
cool um yes I asked Paul he said that
there's nothing you can you can trace
someone with the registration plate so I
got friend what as a reg plane
oh yeah the old and who cool is that
right
Oh baby that's so cool it's all my name
itself and I was like man then it's our
friend I said it what friends like I can
have friend as my reg play friend was
like yeah it's like my Justin in traffic
the right foot front you're like friend
oh cool
I know hold on I gotta take a call okay
oh it's ringing okay
all right are you ready already
now we need to put your seats back in
the car though okay yeah gonna go sit in
the car first see what you think of it
do you like it is it does it meet your
approval ready
Wow
look
doesn't mean they'll jump in claiming
its Emelia spot well nigga call shake I
don't need the closet yeah yeah do you
do do you not need a car seat what else
is in here okay so this is where you can
put your drinks
hi in here let's see this this Oh what
what you think we put that up or we keep
it down like this is to separate so you
and Eduardo know me I'm a writer put oh
yeah thanks
Oh drinks there you can put your toys in
this thing here okay you've got some
nice speakers here for you umm its eyes
a fix like it's got eyes a fix in it
which is pretty cool you know do you
like it got that okay that's where daddy
sits yeah a different house very
different is what else what's going on
here what's going on here
Oh where's Amelia hey what are you doing
weirdo
hello did you eat some chocolate Oreo
ice cream
what yeah what's up ace what a seed
right before bed chocolate Oreo ice
cream that is definitely going today
Amelia go asleep okay is this your
office
have you got business meetings weirdo
are you going wait I can't I can't say
both of you don't make me choose
oh hey leeches okay you yep yep Oh
pull it in with you right back Oh
I've got both sing us a song to end the
vlog sing us a song k in the blood ready
this soul man he played six he played
nicknack on my widow this song on came
rolling home
what are you doing you're bringing at
the tone of the show my friends save my
friends tape my friends don't you do it
don't you do it
I must beat this child come here honey
and now we have come to the end of the
video to video presentation oh I like
that
a tree point harmony here to point
harmony there get the dogs in on the
show to the doggies want to sing you
guys a quick little harmony go
okay okay okay okay thank you thank you
all right gang horizontal all right no
okay okay guys thanks for watching this
video leave a like I gotta go hi
