are you eating your breakfast presents
from Grandma
when can you open them is it a surprise
can you say surprise eat all your
breakfast and when Grandma comes down
she's gonna check you gonna say they'll
eat our breakfast and when you see all
the wheat about the season you get our
prize oh I don't know yeah it might
involve bubbles also oh my goodness I
don't know if you guys know what this is
but my mom brought these things which
are the greatest tea cakes in the world
we come from like Scotland so she gets
imprinted in Scotland look at these
chocolate and then she ate she turns up
yeah and then she turns up with a big
box of chocolate YUM they are the best
tea cakes in the world the word
investigating in the world plump it up
don't worry over that heading off to the
gym and this is this Wednesday so I've
already gone once this week I'm trying
to do my three days like a good little
girl that I am and then next week I get
my new program which I'm so nervous for
except she like
now I don't want it to change but you
know that it has to change for it to
actually be doing something because
right now I don't think it really is
anymore so I have a new personal trainer
that's gonna be doing like a session
with me next week and giving me my new
program and I hope it's not too hard and
I don't hate it and not want to go to
the gym again not being like being too
difficult for me I think sometimes just
days I'm just tired more tired than
others but how could that I work day
hopefully we can shape up for summer
that was my office dog like my office
day I bring to work every day
when we have to head home do the balance
oh did you get all these presents for
Grandma yeah hey weirdo hey wait oh wow
was that was that good enough
just like getting close and your child
you know that's great another present
Scottish Papa the monster it looks like
Farkas grandma oh look at the Piper's
are we ready for the most annoying sound
in the world
there we go okay here we go taking
industrial bubble makers of it I think
you miss hang it you want to play it
right out that little boy there boys
tell you in your ear daddy
does it look like Eduardo look it's me
in my champagne oh my god knows oh my
brother I love it so grandma has come
with all these new technology games whoa
you couldn't tell oh wow good job is
this a Lego game oh oh
holy roly-poly so it's suicune
roly poly roly poly she is she is she's
what
grandma say ma come up come up this roly
poly roly poly
stop - grandma speak garbled legal
gobbledygook yeah we talked about crow
ball yeah yeah yeah you're this give
grandma a few batters oh you look really
pretty
did you know that this then eight years
ago years ago we got together it may be
in my music video
yeah we've rotated on Bebo there's no
video I got to level 10 I know you ever
hang out others very hard day when you
do a TD come on Ally
oh wait you see what I've organized
did you see we've got bottles of water
and got marquees toilet paper it's gonna
be a pitch outside
look at that B it's like blue oh wait
there's - what that's - flies on top
beach in her bare feet outside that's
cause it's summer
you know it's genuine and I will not
lumber when the Sun is out I'm gonna get
my chance
here's some children cuz you know that
they can Eduardo did you love the dog
that come on right out he's just walking
her in the garden
where are you going you put your hand on
your hip like this yeah and can you kick
your leg in the air like this behind you
yeah to follow the bubble trail where's
the bubble trail going you have to
follow it follow in the bubble trail
yeah hold it gently in your hands
is it really boring and putting it wardo
sleep Thank You Jonathan I was telling
her about when Johnson was a little boy
and he lived in my house our daddy was a
little boy and he lived in my house you
time he was a loved one in years and he
had a big sister for routine Oh same
house I just used to go out into the
garden and have a big adventure in the
garden we had a dog we used to fight
over in one day it was snowing and no it
never snowed in Ireland before and your
daddy never wore shoes when he went into
the garden don't wait still nothing's
changed it's making my feet cold and wet
snow one all right folks
I'm hoping this will be done by the time
you watch this so we've got a blank CSS
sheet we're creating assets we're gonna
dump me and create some links hopefully
FTP it up and hopefully I will be able
to leave a link down below where the new
version of our back catalog can be seen
it's gonna be screen Joyce I cut ruk
hopefully it is set up by the time you
see this get to work job jokes and we're
done hmm you know she take as long as I
kind of thought it would add a bit of a
and niggly pickle tea with some stuff
here anyway
oops she's up BRR BRR BRR BRR BRR they
get a year one it's very basic and
promotive friends but if you want to go
pick a year watch a video boom how clean
is my house
back then anyway hope you enjoyed hope I
helped you which are binge-watching of
saucony Jolie is this some I came I know
mommy are grandma grandmas downstairs
yeah grandma's sleeping okay
grandma's asleep on the couch you know
check no we did you hear that
dizzy huh
 me you are you talking like me
hello father Christmas did you enjoy
your marshmallows a new media me didn't
like it so much we do I do like it yeah
he's so cute
kids are in bed the parents are gonna
play
and we're saying goodbye to this car
today my car friends
so let us go like a young free couple in
there now so we're gonna make the same
restroom at the last week as well cuz
it's amazing look at db9 we sat in the
same seats and we already basically the
same food while you were different
unz she want what the seat over here I
was like hello hello pads so different
so but I got it's an actual lemon filled
with lemon sorbet
and that could actually mean Nakula
because he was like with flavored wine I
was like every time
during sorrento you know and I was like
I gotta try this stuff so cool one two
months away respond after food shopping
for food
this restaurant is so amazing it's like
the restaurant over there and in here
this is like delicatessen it's like all
like proper Italian stuff buongiorno
they're really good - what is that
normal
it's your mom always cooks with them
have you enjoyed was it worked at eight
years with me we do narrate
who arrested you localize me I kind of
like you do you want to go of me would
you like some metal
whosh wait is it nettle paste oh yeah
anyway my friends my friends see you
tomorrow just that we just live in here
you know in my lifetime I've had about
you know maybe 12 13 15 20 so it might
not sort of girlfriends and then out of
those girlfriends I think I've had about
maybe four or five really influential
partners in my life that have been with
like for a couple of years you know not
a couple of years maybe one or two years
you know when I was in school I was
always sort of girlfriend it up you know
it's always being in my leg I always
preferred being in a relationship rather
than sort of playing about you know cuz
I always felt like you know I was I was
mad for love I love being in love and
every time I fell in love and every time
I got my heart broken I just fell in
love again because falling in love is so
cool and so much fun and what would
always happen is that after a while I
always felt like I know did I get bored
or I don't know what it was but I'm went
on at eight years and Windows eight
years when I look at her today when I
look at her yesterday
I still feel exactly the same way that I
felt when I first saw her that night in
that cocktail bar in Cork and it's
incredible to know because people always
say like when you meet the love of your
life like you just know and I was like
Paul whatever like no so good move now
even know now but really doing something
about it you know and it's just it's
crazy that I couldn't have imagined
sharing my life with anybody else it's
incredible anyway hope you enjoyed
today's video
I've given no like no subscription in
the comment and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye
