right Oh a tough morning no do I look
little it wydo wydo Oh
Rolla party this morning lads
oh you're attached to me or having a
it's a tough one I guess um let me just
illuminate the situation with what's
wrong with me yeah you wanna watch
scared ones songs sounds a mommy's phone
well let's go downstairs
choo-choo the stars around your room no
I don't get morning white Oh mm-hmm
good morning Mia some a Zeppelin are
heading into central London in a few
minutes it's pretty cool what I got
invited to speak at yourself this big
gas and conference today about
entrepreneurs yeah you want me pick you
up well let's bring everybody downstairs
okay I'm gonna get some breakfast
because that is in a little bit of a
rush what is this you bring that pillow
all the way upstairs where'd you leave
it wardo Dan stairs are on the stairs on
the stairs you abandoned little weirdo
come here mister let's go and
investigate what you've done
I have to go daddy has to go to work are
you gonna miss that he when he's gone no
did you miss that yesterday yeah daddy
was here yesterday are you gonna be a
good girl what that is hung no you're
not yeah you're not all right
oh no
all right mojo I must bring you
downstairs okay no okay ow
where's the pillow I've gone here
where'd you hide the pillow yeah oh yeah
you couldn't have put it up there you
couldn't even reach it look let go
mm-hmm get it
there's no idea of Oz in there all right
I have to go
hello wardo I like it come you always
wanted to come everywhere I don't you
huh huh hey you still have your stamp on
from bigger about yesterday number now
bigger belly now
no that is going daddy's going to big
bro ballet
hey hey why do you are though yeah why
did mommy at home and we you said yeah
yeah letters I wish I could Amelia shake
you're bringing everywhere yeah there's
just some places I can't drain happy
June better get the old summer umbrella
out raining in June my new Martin's I
can't go to her little walk in this game
he almost walk like to at the entire
head Consing Nissan and maybe you can
come oh he's so good at walking is the
more no we're too good at walking
can you we're just waiting on mommy
Thank You River pajamas
see you later doggy friends sake friends
and children friends she's so funny
later what do you say hi to Helen for me
no you're in charge now media okay gonna
sit back down in line yeah you were to
go out of that summer heat or heat waves
well on the radio inside Saturdays 134
degrees well let's see let's choose this
sea all right it's a hurricane it's her
again we may enjoy a hurricane storm
there was no Larry not a train train is
sitting here and you're like dancing
that there's no driver in the Train
on time and our pressure is better
pressure more professional londoners
well we've given up in the subways time
for us super I know to get to London
Victoria dad everything else is a bit
too much showed you this is so cool look
it isn't our Google cat Anna her
Jessica's here hello
look at the technology Google have
detects of modern technology
that's pretty Apple one or something Mac
oh yeah the only so much this is such a
cool doable now isn't it look at this
this is daddy did we have to get you
like a big cash to get in here I don't
know if he's really good good morning
we're having a board meeting this
morning look at this meeting room it's
so cool that my thing on look I'm
fueling entrepreneurialism yeah and then
go glass done yeah yeah yeah that's it
you cheating toes it's a secret you know
we all put kugel glasses on
that's how you have Google meetings
there's my one here mr. selgen then that
allows us to cream off the very very
best of that content expect people who
don't get a drunken prom party make
funny videos event like
tell him to get started however shares
everything yeah yeah my journey on
YouTube it's slightly different with a
lot of people because I graduate
University was like right into the
recession and we're pretty difficult to
get work in the creative industry and I
saw what was happening on YouTube kind
of more in America I wasn't happy either
by just an argument time and I thought
maybe if I was to invest in this
platform now and create content that
maybe in a couple years
YouTube would become a platform that
could like be on parallel to that
mainstream media so I started making
videos just myself my girlfriend at the
time and then that's it I got a job and
then I start working in torrid media and
then after about two years of doing
YouTube like every single day while
managing a full-time job for cancer
that's at a point where it was like you
know do it or give it up I kind of want
you want to be so if you do go you're
passionate its own either you don't want
to consider like work you know but then
if you want something to be a whole if
you want something to exist you need to
put in more work than everybody else you
know so I was working like 40 hours in
Krita studio as managing pretty or what
about maybe 10 or 12 people working for
me and the YouTube was sort of like
growing to a point where I remember
working right
my girlfriend I'm Lana I was like I make
more money on YouTube this month than I
did on my salary
you know like if everything's we're
going to continue that way you know this
YouTube could actually you know become
bigger than my job you know and then at
the same time with that sort of
popularity became a lot of media
attention and then I remembered how many
I got called in for meeting because my
management fat net about YouTube
business pound is the paper arts but
small so something like it's we're going
to get about maybe six thousand views a
day which is so small now but you know
couple years ago it was a lot for
Ireland and I said like you know which
one is just like not that on the head
you know come on here you know there's a
good position here we do have more
responsibility you know and just give up
that silly little idea you know and I
was like I think this could be something
you know and we this before we had
children get a job with the help of
ticks like it was I thought it was risk
involved and I thought you know I could
probably get a job again you don't have
a degree alpha qualification so it's
like let's just take the risk you see
give a were dead
you
my mind fits everything talked about
just an ad from it's so easy that's
what's going to your jaw I'm just going
to do that Robin so when we were in
Google guess what an Irish person was
here to help us around did you organize
that make it feel like home because they
quit Jonathan to Google he's Ireland and
Irish person yes yeah translator sort of
on stage decided goodness to talk to you
wait what
so he came as easy backwards but look
check this out like Father's Day free
beer and prizes every day for fathers
and that's so cool and I was like what I
got two kids
so I got like two beers and two prizes
to prizes that's really cool isn't it a
prize if you heard of me to say that a
prize yes indeed oh she is so English II
oh my goodness
and it
no it's okay I see government we talking
their wires out we realize oh my
goodness the Father's Day special the
most unmanly one look at it - down with
their like boring boring and all right
you can go walk by this shop and not
getting me in the guard or something
what do we get and we make it what about
one of these ones
I think Amelia would like this you get
them like Remini yeah I get the viewers
Eduardo can inhale left
three one
are going to go wrong
cookie pops they're looking at a
bathroom though total cookie pops with a
kids drink hello
yeah did you miss me princess Amelia
yeah hello Prince Eduardo huh shaggy oh
did you miss me I miss mommy too one
when did you become a princess hello mr.
mr. oblivious yeah something for me
oh nice no one's dress to me
um let's see hello you want to build a
snowman
okay so tonight's dinner menu
hello is I just it's a Mickey uh p1
because Mr cattle is going tomorrow
so we didn't have a lot but I still
managed to put some throw something
together here's the salmon in the chili
oil with the spinach and then here's the
spaghetti this is my favorite type of
passed out like since I was a little
girl like oh I just love these it's like
the really simple types that's like
three ingredients super simple super
easy to make like just really really
minimal ingredients and I love it like
that's my favorite like my dad used to
make this recipe okay and it was my
all-time faves
bread crumbs I look like stale so he
just great stale bread olive oil and
chiles and spaghetti and that was it
it was amazing the best past I ever I
just I love it and like he made it the
best and that's always been how I am
like I don't
you really need meat
or my love fish but like no meat
necessary just like oil olive oil and
bathtub together is just like my idea of
the perfect meal I am down at the
airport waiting for mum mum's the word
mommy me ma it's flown in for a couple
of days and I am waiting for her and I
hope she comes up because you see is he
not here right you see me Chester for a
second is he just kind of Oh No they can
see me now oh thank you
so the guys down there in the old green
heart affair as they move along no no
son move along there no I don't want to
move along there now because I don't
really know this Airport so will I wait
near from umm and I'm right boarding her
phone she's not answering so hopefully I
don't get trolled outta here so
grandma's here but she's too late she
was flying around circling the airport
oh there it is so she missed it
she missed the kids kids are all in bed
so she laughter wait tomorrow you see
the kids I shall bid you farewell look
like happiness okay see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for watching I wasn't really sure
how much of that talk to leave in in the
video thing and I don't want to bore you
guys it was about ten or fifteen minutes
long it was more like it was about
entrepreneurialism and about YouTube and
stuff so it wasn't really about like the
fun kind of stuff you know but I acted a
little bit ma'am Anna was there she did
record the whole thing so I have it here
so I was like maybe I don't know some of
you guys might be interested in it
you know I am actually an entrepreneur
if you didn't know Jeremy loves
entrepreneurial anyway I hope you
enjoyed today's video I hope you enjoy
princess Amelia she's a cat and look at
that slate how epic is that don't forget
to hit that button
Boop and I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks watching
