good morning friends guess who's home
the coolest kitchens our first day and
big-girl ballet today
I know excited alright we are going to
big-girl ballet are you excited
meaning a god you get a stamp huh did
you enjoy that yeah I was that fun what
I'm gonna think this is where drivers
like this is it look he's gonna ask me
to pick him up right do it do it do it
like Judy pie IRA phone video I'm gonna
come and stuff I'm on hold
what I can focus thing focus huh
first that you not a pressure I've
already got two videos off well I'm just
saying first attune every day this month
I don't see the video every Monday to
Friday every weekday this month okay
well hurry up anyway no you're not in
this one
you don't make the cut this okay
still in that conference on fights
running up mountain kills doing all to
do my shopping doing everything that's
the best thing about confidence goes you
know you can just have them anywhere you
want anywhere you want you can pack your
conference call but don't be singing
when you get unmuted hello imagine
imagine imagine right don't ya go to the
shop daughter we're all right without no
bun yeah so I just stopped filming or I
just finished filming my video for
Thursday I think yeah Thursday this is
Thursday's video so this is all the
setup but I I did a Q&A or like an ask
Anna and yeah I hope you guys are
enjoying the videos on my channel I
think they're I mean the first one
hasn't gone up yet for me yet so I don't
I don't know the reaction but um
hopefully you guys are enjoying that
I hope so I like my little filming set
up I think it's cool although Jonathan's
mom is coming to stay so I will lose
this office for two nights but I think
it's fine I can I can sort something
else there but um yeah it's really cute
because it does double up as our spare
room obviously but I thought the color
scheme I love everything about it I just
think it's really cool I need to hang
that picture actually it's gonna go up
there which is a bit silly because you
won't see it in the videos but that's
where it fits there's nowhere for it to
go here really I mean it could go there
but you won't see that anyway no point
still on the car and why no what are you
doing nice no it's gonna smash isn't
there yep ah thank you
oh that studies thank you
good boy I'll take that okay
got some milk and some water yeah I want
to collect the media from nursery but
this is a prize here when you get home
did you get a million little Reggie it
is the darkest car Reggie and Jim we
were at the castle the other day video
is playing we Reggie you excited can you
thank my friends and if I was walking
now hey guess what
Lilly's at home yeah and she has a
present for you a prize yeah excited
Lilly and her mommy did you open a
nursery did you play with popcorn hey
puke it
what is his name not popcorn yeah I hate
music popcorn there's a hamster in the
air in the room now
whoa alright you get your straps on
get yourself strapped in folks it's
gonna be a ride home
steps on no straps on steps on put the
straps on rotated the car she's a monkey
come on clear door see ya door the
backward oh did you miss Mardle chemo
Hawking a kiss oh you're in for now Lily
what are you showing all your new things
oh you got a new phone she's gonna do a
meet-up hall I did you send Lily to the
naughty step yeah
does Lily have to stay in the naughty
step this is a naughty step here and her
doggy
yeah look at this it's a race and
Eduardo can actually join in silence
over priced
Olaf Taurus that's in next strategically
placed at the checkout so your kids
gonna ask for it so much but it seems to
be a popular toy it seems to work do
they all want dead this is cucumber is
so weird guys it's like organic-rich
Cleo wants it to you Bianca you're gonna
join in Lily I think she might move it's
caraxes so you don't you look like
Pocahontas ah okay you wanna see in the
mirror here look let's show you in the
mirror okay
trying on Natasha's apparent sentence
right ready ready
oh my oh I don't know how she felt about
that Lilly and Laura is still here now
we're going on the choo-choo train
careful Amelia I wonder could we fit
three on the back I don't think so can
you imagine all three of them like she
wants to play with it Oh Eduardo cookie
Eduardo was going around the face of the
wooden cookie watch my toes my knee
yay well done I know you given up in the
car
you've been a good girl haven't you Anka
always wants to be like the center of
attention we're saying bye-bye we need
to do it again soon yeah next definitely
next week he's calling Bianca it was so
cute Emilia and Lily I didn't get on
camera but they both like hugs and like
they were blowing kisses it was so cute
the way I'm cooking dinner our friends
have gone home and I am making something
that I think Jonathan is gonna like
basically it's a mishmash meal you know
what it is I wanted to do this with
mashed potatoes but we didn't have any
and I need to do in a cattle shop again
because basically the last time I did it
I didn't need dinner food I just needed
like snacky and lunch food and and since
week I think it was since he came back
from Ireland we just we haven't done
like a proper like full of shop like
where we get everything it's always
being like in half so I'm like twice a
week which is annoying me so I need to
get back to like you know buying just
one like doing some one we can shop but
anyway that's 20% points so I wanted to
do this
we had some no working classes yet
and I want to do a mashed potato and
like peas and corn and like just you
know garden beg jeez
but I compromised so we had oh no oh no
you're all up
we had sweet potato chips but aren't you
doing it sausages and chips I'm just
kind of nice and we have ketchup as well
so it can be like a real English dinner
but I'm English yeah anyways dinner
hopefully the kids
fingers crossed like the sausages I
don't think they've ever had sausages
like this before so yeah we'll see how
this goes this did at I make a round
about it being dinnertime check this out
lads sausage Nando's what such a nose
flan Jose San Jose
very nice I'm trying to update that end
web site directory thing because I think
when we clean up one two three four and
the website we're almost at the five
year mark we're gonna start that but
yeah I think that'd be kinda cool for
their old videos you can watch Nando
Nando this is her mommy was pregnant
wow it's like your pregnancy book or
something like reading it like a story
good is that why I don't let me see oh
yeah
Koval cuts this one immediate Thomasina
oh this is about you I think what are
you doing well he could do mr. mine oh
yeah oh yeah
what Oh No
mommy's tummy it's an eviction notice
well you tell me what's that in there
it's a belly button look at this little
parkour it got a light here all right
let's say goodbye friends goodbye I will
see you tomorrow well we hit the like
button now right now right right now
poo-poos hit it if the chocolate one
small step for man don't forget to hit
the poopoo button
look at that it's cute like I said it's
real tears like need some ends lights
because I saved them all into a folder
and then I kind of check for a while I
need I need to figure out a better way
cuz I probably missed tons of them there
will be some wetter way of doing your
brain right there so cool isn't it
thanks for watching this video wasn't
the kids hilarious
the little traitor and running around
like lunatics it was like mad house with
the dogs and the kids enough yeah hope
you enjoyed video give us know like give
us
old comment a subscription if it's if
you're new here hello hello welcome and
I'll see you guys tomorrow good bye
