morning friends how are you
I've had a big heavy iPad jeepers we
know we're all kind of threatened in a
little bit
Thanks oh you gonna like that yeah
what's that then who's the one of those
situations where are just five minutes
did you not I know because I flipped
over it smells like 25-6 all right no
that's not right
I know you're gonna have a shower huh I
mean it came in sniffles last night you
know my pod kind of her dad what do you
want doc me and Ben look at songs so we
are rushing and he took me that jump in
there for a second hopefully it's all
gonna work out then it's look at the
rain it was been so nice all week long
and the one day we're going to do some
outdoor I think actually rains is so
unfair
isn't it I know you got it did you
last time we had summer sitting we never
actually actually went outside of the
pirates and I never actually saw it it's
really cool look at the view over there
that's really amazing I'm trying to find
a cafe
kind of chill and then we're gonna go on
a walk who do walkies yeah for Jessica's
here in our sarcastic tone dogs are
quite confused
we're on Apollo's look at how cute
Edwardes being you take me in the fresh
air
yeah yeah it's a pigeon
hmm I can tell I'm and then immediately
yeah hi what are you watching oh darling
Stefan are you having a crazy day today
yeah we had all of our breakfast today
didn't we yeah yeah you as a little bit
sad wasn't King but then you ate it all
up
we put honey in it didn't we yeah good
girl
how does one actually even get in here I
wonder and I think it's over here that's
really cool does this rain is kind of
scuffed and I like that seems kind of
nice
yeah there's a little village thing in
here with loads of little shops and
stuff by that I like it's really cool
look at this it's like made out of it
you got some where's pc8 helpers here
let me know God's who's your favorite
oh my that was like she attacks will say
all of them ever since I saw is like is
that a real thank you Oh feel like a
hedge no it doesn't we sure you wanna
give them home the top of the group
might remind is in the city it's why
would you mention that in the sitting
room like in overalls huh
they'd be so confused
thanks Jonathan dog walkies nice wait to
get poo in it I know that's true at
least it's one out of six so it's not
you know it's actually not that bad
wait that way other dogs and look at his
genes like oh yeah it's a parlor
I'm trying to take a picture of all the
guys yet oh my goodness look at this
he's too cute wait wait wait wait Oh
Xena your will go dream so as mummy and
daddy are not here we can do some ice
painting so I've got some difficult
paint and some different media to use as
well so I've got some sponges and like
different sized paintbrushes as well and
let's see how this turns out
so here's some four years Oh maybe you
can have all of them sugar sauntered why
do you want that one okay Wow hey good
what I can have these ones should we dip
some painting oh that's it we're gonna
use the orange one
but your mouth Eduardo good boy Eduardo
DUP DUP DUP yeah you can use that one
what color are you gonna put on it Oh No
is that nice can't imagine it to be
orange remember these guys from when we
were active visited and it's the actual
place
I remember this fella fella cuz he has a
lot of scar on them but these guys needs
home lads anyone have no more - little
gray hair they're so cute aren't they
yeah the one they're trying to get a
home for both of them together cuz
they're best friends
my goodness they're so cute
where would you contact if you're
interested yeah if you wanted to home
these guys how are you gonna godson
RSPCA they're so nice
come all the way from Germany to eat a
chocolate cake
these girls made is like story of Coney
Jolie's like essentially five years of
vlogs depressed into the book there we
go
yeah Amelia yeah we'll take her take
this at home a t-shirt the biggest in
the world we are done today so cool
array so much point stores PCA do you
wanna build a snowman
hi hi did you miss us miss me when I was
gone yeah yeah we vent loads of friends
today yeah yeah hi my left we left this
morning for Eduardo is even awake even
whiter today did you miss me today did
you miss me tonight Troy um I have some
news the entire kitchen is filled with
presents for Amelia I think yep you know
what happens and Eduardo yeah oh my god
every difficulty meeting greets will
bring so my friends were immediate oh
goodness
yeah see thank you friends what's this
huh you say what we're talking my hair
friends oh my goodness in this book lads
this book is incredible it's so cool
it's basically like over the five years
of our blog and the story basically the
story
I'm sick of Jolie's it's so cool
princess anaemia Oh princess amelia you
look so pretty R it does Amelia would
you wait okay
I know put this on no one after sex
what a - yeah dude wardo bubbles
what is it Bardot what is it you want to
see bubbles yeah okay we're new Papa's
and then we're gonna say bye friends
okay hold this mom I'm reading the book
I'll tell dr. Aulick you see bubbles you
could do them closer to him so he can
actually read Babu that is like the
cutest word I've ever heard him say that
was such a fun day that was I actually
was talking about this you know myself
and I know we're discussing you know
after every me nope you always discuss
you know how can you make the mean a
batter for for you guys are friends I
come to it how can we make it better for
us it's like we make it better for
everybody involved and I feel like that
was like one of the one of the best
meals we ever did like you know it was
really it was really once in such good
spirits like the queueing wasn't there
wasn't that much queueing I hope there
was not much queue you know even though
rain was still a really nice atmosphere
the tent was cool I use that a
Francesco's like can we like like rent
parks on set up tents and and dead do
our meetups from now on like that are we
so cool coming to a park near you I see
cookies anybody thanks for watching
hope it enjoyed it hope it enjoyed it
and I hope I'd enjoyed it I hope you
enjoyed it gives no like trust no
comment
you know subscription and I will see you
guys later bye
