good morning friends are you aren't we
supposed to be going to nursery right
now yeah are you are you not getting
dressed three no look at this Charles
look at these guys look means in a
couple of days then they're lovely that
other part will be no word oh are you
serenading us with this music let's just
close it up so I'm is abandoning us all
tonight it's going into a handbag party
it like wouldn't you show me any
messages it just wouldn't work
it's your phone I keep telling you a new
one yeah you're right three generations
behind now you take a phone at people I
see people around you kind of like oh no
people have watches now as phones and
you're still there richer over the phone
telephone Erin last walk before the big
walkies
no extra tired event Anna's going out
tonight so make sure the extra tires my
going they'll come back they'll come
back they meet you doc your friends do
you looking in okay give it wider a hug
and a kiss say I'll see you later
come on let's go
see you later word oh yeah we moved it
because I was doing something last night
quite a Sunday yesterday huh all right
so our stand and water table has come
this is so cool and I was actually I was
just watching Laura's laura's and lilies
and vlogs
and I got the same one they got those
before me though so yeah it looks like I
copied her but actually didn't know I
knew that she had got a son Pitt and
that did inspire me to get one but I
didn't realize it was the exact same I'm
so sorry about that
look at all these things we open it yeah
yeah we open it oh my goodness
look at pink choice though Amelia will
be happy with that
and a hat strain explained to her like
that it wasn't fair on walking around
like a little man walking around just
because he can't like a little man where
you go you gonna make it through the
kitchen you go make the design box still
wait nuns hand
whoa are you still going oh it's pretty
good oh boy oh boy that was pretty good
right oh that was pretty good
you mean a hill all the way mm-hmm it's
not good out there it's not a good
situation it's not a good situation is
it no it's reaming oh how annoying I
have to go out and it's pouring rain now
well when I drizzling but still this
sucks
ah anyways to think that it was really
nice and sunny and I got a bit of
sunburn everything I did get some rent
on this arm which never happens I can
never get some rent but obviously it was
just very strong I think I was wearing
black as well possibly yeah
so anyway now it's like this there's
also makeup all over my steering wheel
brillo brillo pads Amelia's back from
nursery did you have fun in nursery
today what did you do change you see the
hamster what's that hums his name oh boy
popcorn yeah they're getting the hamster
in their room I don't know media's
decided to call him
calling popcorn daddy likes to eat
popcorn at nighttime
ideally popcorn at nighttime instead his
favorite snack
I won't eat your hamster though okay did
you get some new books did you do some
painting I saw it it was very nice were
you singing everybody to sleep yeah when
I came in she was singing everybody else
to sleep huh weirdo you thinking them
yeah cuz it mean it wasn't a full day
she only does the mornings so all the
other kids are having their naptime now
when I come in
it's like singing them all asleep nobody
we go home hey guess who's in the house
the boy
the little boy yeah are you a friend of
ours them share boys in haste and then
he kind of comes on Fridays and she's so
excited it's so excited yeah okay let's
go home
no no no no no no no no no no no double
the rent rent rent rent rent no no no
daddy has to grab this package my gosh
Oh
oh my goodness the Garcias heavy lots oh
my gosh run will you get inside oh my
goodness we got something for wardo a
royal Cozy Coupe we tried to get the
same when Amelia has but it didn't have
it so we ended up with the Royal Cozy
Coupe so they've just woken up from her
nap we're gonna build this thing where
it's gonna be happy he's got his own car
what do you think I'm building what do
you think I'm built a little man huh
yeah just in a real challenge I tried to
get you a set of twenty-twos but I got
black alloys they're nice you know I got
your red it's a carbon body by
briquettes pretty building before you
masturbation you like it oh yeah not yet
though first of all we have to build it
Bardot's helping them develop cool
though so far yeah yeah you got that
mm-hmm all right let's get the hammer if
you'd like to just hop in
you want to hop in sir it's very traffic
congestion here sir beyond just take
your car and move along please sir sir
sorry sir could you just I know oh just
discern need assistance today well I
know what do you think your new car mm
we have a race yeah you get in your car
if you get in your car hmm the Cozy
Coupe gang of Allah is ever lucky cheese
is so cute ah
get them are you ready on your mark get
set go
cheese ISM with the beep okay you lost
your key a long time ago ready
Oh put your feet on the ground and push
yourself along go baby
maybe
Oh bars go for his Drive next to you
okay hold on baby
so turns out that Jonathan is actually
coming with me tonight I thought
initially I was gonna go by myself but
now it turns out that um the husbands
are lying as well so I'm actually what
you have here because I do anything for
Jonathan but don't tell anyone I said
that but anyway so um tonight's menu oh
yeah and I also got this picture for my
office that was one of my things that I
ordered I don't know why it's appear
everybody but I really like this because
it's got a dog on it and it's got some
blues in there matches the room so I
just wanted something with the donkey
like a girl in the dog I just thought it
would be really cool for my office so on
tonight's menu we have chicken Japanese
stir-fry veggies whole wheat noodles and
mr. Loyd Grossman green Thai curry and
some coconut oil and somebody actually
told me that the reason why this doesn't
smell is because it's not supposed to
smell you like add it later so it's
actually better if it doesn't it means
it's more like natural or whatever I did
not know about so thanks for letting me
know and it's ready this is what it
looks like so yummy Jonathan is still
getting ready
that's the remnants of this this is what
I'm wearing to my hand my first ever
handbag party this is what I've chosen
to dress as what are you wearing to your
first time I party
mmm leather pants and a white wrap
around Travis
pals are sorry-sorry underwear Thanks
sure I was saying on Twitter there I've
never seen somebody put or carry a hand
around in a handbag oh wow a handbag if
you said to me like here is a slipper
bag I would think it's a bag but slip
resent you
here's a handbag well there's no hands
in the handbag how come nobody carries
hands around in the handbag and no one
even no one even holds a handbag in her
hand either for a matter it's more like
a shoulder and elbow or about not really
that's a clutch what you do actually
clutch but all right down I'm down man I
got you ladies started and sauced say
daddy looks fancy pants never came today
no are you going to be good for Tasha
what you wouldn't want a go silly
handbags and London and oh it's not your
place I like I'll let you know how it
goes though okay I'll do a vlog when I'm
there okay and then tomorrow we can
watch the vlog you can see huh yeah you
can see them say Mardle oh thanks for
the hug don't put food on me he's clean
don't buy food on me mmm now you be a
good girl okay you're in charge okay now
don't forget to give Natasha and Eduardo
a bath Natasha legs two books at
nighttime okay now you wouldn't like it
it's boring
they're discussing at the child
Sabrina's here hi what do you think it
is bikes look at this
we're saying doesn't this be so cool
look it's like the girl paints the bikes
on to them did you just paint that right
now yeah that was really good I like
that
yeah like to try can this be just like a
car used car dealership youtuber you
bring like your cars and use the car
shop for girls okay see that red one up
there lads
twenty something brand if you want to
make someone happy you know the next
push message look this is a handmade for
Amelia and then I have Mike for Anna but
they could be like the mommy entire
house yeah
Anna's looking at possibly getting it
and like something's trying to help you
can have anything in here for a tenner
ten pounds these plays paper bags and
and it's free take as many as you like
discussion about these cupcakes the
paper test
all right we're finished we managed to
steal all the cupcakes all right so
we're going home to have a cupcake party
because as you to Adam didn't turn up
her husband well I came here because I
was told he would be here the whole the
whole the whole night five minutes away
two minutes away I'm not coming so we're
going to Adams we're gonna see where you
are everybody sorry guys oh yeah I just
wasn't saying sorry spend his evening
Winstead and the cats nice here are
going thank you bye say bye friends bye
my friends my friends say bye friends
thank you for watching our video friends
thank you for watching our video friends
Emilia nerd wardo are here to attend
offend me hey did you enjoy today's
video did you
Oh square guardo sake safety bye-bye
Eduardo guy so cute oh my goodness so
thanks watching today's video
kiss no comments gives no leaks
subscribe if you're new yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow
