groaning flat good morning friends
oh hey Kali go out so I'll be going to
the Berlin table we gonna be a brother
huh we going Edgar owe me a loaf and oh
are we gonna into like a look a look
yeah like a look look I made that so as
you say yeah yeah autumn media says good
morning friends how are you today my
mobiie having a wonderful date are you
hoping here having a wonderful day or oh
yeah hey don't eat that are we going
downstairs okay you go downstairs I was
gonna get wardo and then we'll be right
behind you I promise
oh yeah you sister more money is it nice
ah it's empty is that I'm going off
confusion
I'm coming now having a sorry sibling
hey where's my breakfast
mmm hey cake you do that looks like he's
got a moustache a weed about Tomas - you
having a banana poor Nana
Oh what's my name did you say banana
what's my name did you say well I know
what's my name
watching papillae shoes we'll see about
that
oh she got one
what up another woman should not give it
to me my face in the child I should hold
it do you have the paperwork to allow
you to stand up your man so you have the
microfilm do you I don't think you have
level 17 clearance level 17 thorns is
what it takes if you want to actually
stand on your trip trap so we bought the
flick black oh I know but listen to me
all right
your sister never had straps never had
straps on a trip trap don't be that guy
don't be the guy that changes the rules
okay you don't want to be that side do
you what do you want level 17 cards yeah
that's what I thought all right her eyes
all right
you ready ready
oh it's for sharing okay with it weirdo
it's for Eduardo as well go picnics why
don't you like it do you know what it is
it's a picnic basket
oh when you get it out what is that cool
why nice just walking around with a
phone oh oh
almost even the single party is getting
are you often see Mele Wesley oh that
was so good it was so much literally God
from all over here you want to put them
in okay
really now close it over now you can go
on a picnic
oh there's more stuff sorry during
Christmas here we always call this the
haunted house fireworks from last year
for a white folks whenever you got to
use them I also never found out what
this does
ever since moving here I always tempted
to just like cuz it's like the thing off
the TARDIS you don't think in the TARDIS
you go Oh Shh was the whole hat maybe
the entire house is actually a time
machine imagine and then Memphis one day
we're going to find out what's beyond
the wall you know nothing Jon Snow don't
go beyond the wall it's basically Game
of Thrones was and and doctor
who was based off this basement and what
if I come here for I've come here for
lights lights camera action
I'm gonna make a video gonna upload it
onto YouTube making it for you cuz I
know you need to be entertained cuz your
life some men pulley but don't get the
flu II cuz it's gonna get better
Oh should've been a singer mommy's
making videos what I want to be into the
job moving in a video what video is this
twelve even though it is like thirteen
months now let's get to look back you
look like an advanced twelve mundos you
place you on the mom thank you mommy
will plug into your laptop and it's like
don't bother sup the sonic oh snap is
fostering now o instant snap picture you
look cute
he's so cute
okay what's that hey can you open it did
you just get this whoa alphabet biscuits
you can't eat it
your little British accent can all you
get please sir anyway look what I mean
is that she's moving onto dry nights no
more pull-ups we're getting hardcore
aren't we only for night times huh
trying to pajama pants you want to eat
it all in your tummy all right tell you
what as soon as I finish putting away
all the shopping then we can eat it okay
is that a deal handshake
that's a deal we made a deal how is it
over anyway guys look at this right this
is my new obsession popcorn posh corn
okay I don't know what they do but I do
notice energy popcorn they get kind of
like greasing the fingers like I really
enjoy the proper corn I really like them
what I got Ella got these it's like a
trial once last week and I was like oh
my god they're amazing I know what they
are they're like air-popped or something
so in all that it's made my new popcorn
just update you in my popcorn situation
I'm in the telus situation still the
same
no junk promise they say well no can you
spell something huh no you have the
spells and you should I should daddy try
one taste on to see if they're okay yeah
okay I'm just gonna have one okay oh my
goodness you gotta check this video look
I even said so you guys are so like a
million Eduardo right watch this right
so this is Zoey
the same age the media is now looked
ahead on her this is messed up for the
cameras up a lot and then Joe in the
corner is like crying and stuff just
like Eduardo out there so it's weird how
like they're so like the commercial I
was at wardo and let the media you see I
say so like Greg listen to it listen to
Joe
and it's so cute I was like oh my
goodness like you're acting for the
camera jowhiting in the corner it's so
cute though
yeah I think she said she's putting up a
video on Sundays you guys should watch
that it's gonna be epic
ah Anne expects me to eat this entire
yogurt in one go
is that what you're expecting sorry I'm
actually in the office right now are you
explain to me then what this is about
here clicks this is my up hit he's at
the office wall can I make an
appointment you know hello I'd like to
make an appointment please can I come in
well like me I just want normal size
yogurts I can't eat all that one go yeah
but then it'll go all like it'll go off
oh oh my goodness look at this guy he's
like so I could look at him look at
thing moving around like he's under the
goal look at the size and I'm like oh
unless he's going into molten sage
already is he look at the Mayan just
hanging time hanging tough
that's so cute I wanna take him out and
play with them you go what's going on in
this little corner of the world huh
what's behind in this corner of the
world we're watching TV while reading
books
it's guardo doing the vacuuming you are
vacuuming man
oh I was like a pencil that looks like
it used to be a pencil at some point in
its existence not sure what it is now
some pots and yeah yep yes sir
everything looks perfectly fine
everything looks wonderful Joey love the
smell of in this summertime fresh of
sheets blowing in the wind the smell of
it it's a lovely thing it's a lovely
thing
why does everyone come out here now oh
it's a pencil in question Cleo Cleo Cleo
cRIO aha aha this is the pencil wearer
we're talking about is it huh
I'm just gonna pencil that in monkey
monkey one chicken man power fish and on
it is the video from Monday is already
up this is a sneak peek bye-bye thank
you watching this video isn't cute oh
come on it's so cute
oh you're so cute Bianca would you say
banka banka all right we are kicking up
the pupuce and then we're going you're
helping yep and then we're going to cut
the grass yeah and then mommy's gonna
cook some meatballs yeah
what do you say it djenka Jenka hey Noel
because please Lou alright so here we
are in the kitchen again cooking up some
spaghetti and meatballs meatballs and
spaghetti um we haven't had this since I
think we lived in Ireland like honestly
Jonathan's picking up pill for the first
time in like a century excuse me
well I convinced some tears like I'm
cooking Jonathan Kepler two places at
the same time anyway so this is what we
have we've got some brown pasta and
spaghetti whole wheat spaghetti Organic
British meatballs some salt some organic
polonaise because I'm too lazy to do it
myself and some spinach because I don't
really have any other veggies and I have
a spinach and I just thought okay I'll
just put in some spinach because it's
good for you and yeah I can't think of
what else I should probably put in like
carrots and celery and not anything but
we didn't have any so anyway let me heat
some olive oil and hopefully okay that
was a little bit too much hopefully
people like this because I don't know
that they have ever had whole wheat
spaghetti for the kids I mean
I'm not sure that's high-neck let's
don't do this well because I was a
little bit nervous brings that under
this wing set this was is that what are
you leaving around my friend hey is that
a mosquito yeah look my little boy
Dada Dada Dada Dada so actually looks
pretty good um I've just mixed it all
together the spinach she looks good in
here
ah
Oh
Oh God
practicing our harmonies ah
Oh
pinching me me me me yeah my friends but
right progress for cents
Eduardo y no se Popeye ah I feel like
this is a cross between finding Amelia
and Oompa Loompas are finding me my
envelope I stick our faces that's a
vital to finding Amelia it's a good look
don't be a good Pixar show when you guys
happen to work for Pixar you know give
us a call we're available to make
finding Amelia hope you enjoyed this
video give it know like give it an old
comment give it an old subscription and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
good bye slam that
