my friends
the media is doing a little dance for us
this morning
are you going for a walk yeah come on
over here then all right
she ran over and she got she got there
and she's like can I come with you
okay bye go mania don't you dougie
friends that's what happens when you're
raised by dogs
and don't behave like Bianca fine guys
Cleo's not going today
hello mister you going for walk oh you
come for a walk
oh you having a pill what you doing oh
ho ho you're so cute oh oh no oh we're
out in the garden we just picked up all
of the balls cuz they were driving me
crazy
and we actually have so many we have an
entire bag full of balls these are all
the ones that didn't make it I've been
chewed up by drunks I can't believe how
many we have and Edoardo was feeling
very stressed out because he wasn't
allowed to go in the car I'm here know
what oh now you want your butt well
what'd you say I was gonna say do you
want to go off and have a picnic go buy
chocolate oh look at this little guy
face to me this picture alone that way
oh you gotta turn it do it
we are it's such a lovely day today but
that's sunnier here Oh normally the
table is over in this little spot but
sunnier here is that your chair
oh I like your share you're gonna help
me set this up okay come on over here
okay careful there now okay so I'm gonna
lift this up oh you pull the thing out
pull this thing out over here pull there
for me cookie for later oh oh good job
is that it did you do it
okay on the other side to the other side
too Oh pull - it's like a pop-up book
now I thought was that was better now
well that went dead too far what chok
chok heroes I got some tasty truck rolls
so picnic well you try to meet halfway
Haffey Haffey is on the picnics I've got
as much time it's a busy it's a busy all
day
do you notice oh yeah when I got the car
back from Porsche excuse me look what
they did they replaced the sheet that
used to be on the roof that's mean Aaron
a just it was kind of broken or
something that never pleased it sounds
kind of cool it's me cuz it's like
sometimes the Sun is really you know
it's like you can get like sunburn on
your shoulders or gemenon is that when
you go for a big long drive in a sunny
day and then the next day you've got one
arm is like this arm here is all tan or
burnt and this arm is like white that's
how you know you're the driver could you
drive like this and in the passenger
dator side is like the opposite but -
combined you are a perfectly tanned
person yeah let's get home and eat some
sandwiches you just father's back I got
you a sandwich
no you're welcome you wanna go sit down
I'll get it right oh yeah
what she's gone oh they did get up at
6:00 this morning
both of them yeah I mean the clock is
broken or something okay one's gonna get
a drink and then we shall party like
it's sandwich time this is how you know
it's a joke he's won no butter no bail
bail and mayo and butter butter and mayo
butter butter but that's mozzarella
today oh you like that so maybe we
should get my cell instead of chatter
from now on yeah and there's a talk
first the trophy situation
Wyatt okay we're ready we're all
watching
Wow yeah there's a strange sort of
clanging from the clock quick dark here
I got here why I don't hear out my moves
okay I think I can sign in your room
young lady what exactly is going on here
huh what exactly is going on here
little dragon song mommy is going to be
so cross and you're always going against
very pretty
you're a munchkin Messer well are you a
munchkin Master what time
get open this morning 6:00 a.m. what is
the clock blue or yellow oh yeah
was it blue yeah why did you get up and
then you woke Eduardo up
I have to mean both children down you
are going to get the beating of your
life maybe mom you know let's go and
find her
will you come and play with me maybe we
need a new game Oh Ruby I'd love to
said mom but I have to change all of us
nappy Oh mummy is very busy looking
after Oliver
so Ruby tried some hairdressing it's not
really nice
Oh baby like this hairdresser I do oh
look what just arrived this is so cool
oh s--- wait I'll take these and I'll
show you them okay okay the point is
thing about this right this came up as
an ad on YouTube seriously unwell
I was watching the vlog about two weeks
ago at my nan and and I got hit by an ad
for these things and I was watching the
I don't like oh they are so cool-looking
it's not ready so advertising works
folks it's in a I ordered and they took
a long time because and they're called
the Dubai edition well you see the
minute anyway
therefore this car their car seats by
the way they're for this car but I just
just just just hold hold for a minute
are you ready for this ah hell
plush does that look like look at it
it's quilted look so good okay pushing
me you look so good bad like a little
bit but alright like but I really like
using we got these
before Amelia has one of these they have
these like front side impact thing that
go ahead in front through is oh wow I
saw it was like oh my goodness they're
so nice aren't they like the way they're
like quilted and stuff isn't she's so
beautiful liking
I don't you think it really suits the
car as well it's so cool total impulse
boy I love it all right look at these
caterpillars guys like look how much
they've grown but they actually look
like proper like caterpillars now don't
they
it's crazy isn't that a fast that
happened making like a weekend really or
like tiny tiny little squids I'm just
gonna move like at nighttime they're so
I think they're nocturnal or something
cuz the nighttime they go crazy crazy
this is a man huh did you wander outside
huh are you a wonder I was I was
wondering about it wired oh so I just
started cooking with coconut oil and
actually I got this like organic one so
I was trying to be all cool with my
organic stuff which it's not focusing at
all hey anyway got this organic Bayona
Bayona one and it's not focusing it's an
odorless one and I kind of don't really
like that cuz I actually like the smell
of coconut oil or yeah the one that I
got before was actually a lot nicer cos
it smelt like coconuts so I wouldn't
recommend but anyways I'm making prawn
I'm actually making biryani every time I
say that does anybody know that Alex
we're the guys and it's like an
infomercial thing for like a cooking Oh
what is that it's like one of those
slicer things and he's like he's got
like a cockney accent I think and he's
like a biryani
like you can make chili con carne all
these things that always you might be
about anyway and I'm making alright yeah
you got it okay now you have to find the
other penguin the order panda one of
them is a pan that you have to find it
it was well done okay now we just get on
really the same yeah good job
why does getting is moisturization on is
that one matching to yeah if the finer
mommy's on the baby's okay so we have to
pick a few of them okay so raccoon and I
kiddin I didn't say anything is a
raccoon the baby kitten is Amelia a
platypus can you say platypus
okay here's Amelia's there you go
there's your little spaceman outfit okay
put you silly Billy
yep tearing Q poor moisturization first
one must get moisturize before when you
get dressed
what happens if you don't put your cream
on what happens yeah
right say bye friends Weasley tomorrow
forget to leave a comment don't forget
to be a panda deal of Eduardo Eduardo
love Amelia
Eduardo love daddy I love white oh crap
why don't you just me yeah alright see
you tomorrow
boyfriend that's the way that goes the
media has a poopoo but look how come the
girl in the middle doesn't wait how come
only two people have buttons is that it
works on Britain's Got Talent
I don't even know I have much more I
have much Britain's Got Talent in a
couple of years I watched it when I
first came out and it was his turn as he
goes America's Got Talent came first and
I was this guy what's his name he used
to host this show with a young girl
I haven't his name but was really funny
because I
so much event went wrong cuz no one idea
what you know I think it was like almost
like a pilot season and then after that
like it all changed and got slick and
cool but back in the day was hilarious
anyway thanks for watching this video
Eduardo it looks pretty dapper in a suit
I must say um I'll see you guys tomorrow
give us an old comment give us know like
leave a comment I already said that we
said did like button we said you should
subscribe yep let's blow the checklist
has been completed dananananana
