good morning what do you guys do it he's
chillin 1cor no eating eating some cold
out is that tasty is that a tasty cold
out
you gettin cozy yeah you certainly look
like it oh good morning friends like
what are they doing and I said this is
the perfect start to today's video isn't
it yeah see you've got some candlesticks
here just plug them up like that are you
reading Eduardo story wow that was a
nice song still there's no nursery event
you say so nursery has to be all right
behave oneself what are you doing you
making pancakes
oh the phone is ringing you making
pancakes see we're no good so I think it
made me and she's like I was like okay
we're gonna bring end right I know we're
not gonna go up there Surry Hills Oh a
bit intense but she did not get I was
like you know change gears like gears it
was like okay we'll go to the park
instead you guys gonna make pancakes
though is there any pancakes for dad
when he gets home
baby yeah what kind of hangers could I
have a chicken and mushroom sort of
olive on Thai pancake first yeah and
then I think I'd like some fresh
strawberries a little bit of mango
wouldn't sort of vanilla pancake will
you make it like a crap yeah
I think we might need that maybe I might
pass on the pancakes full of Emilia
cooties right Lily
why does getting the old pass there mean
I passed the word oh thats wierd oh yeah
that's yep let's go in there nice get a
bag of organic pasta she's getting
bigger pies yeah huh hi there thank you
thanks I understand that this is really
important somebody somebody needs to
organize the pasta but I don't think it
needs to be you that only needs to be
you come on over this way come on one
top very dramatic the obviously
attacking your mother are you ready for
the workout of your life the most
intense workout you've ever done in your
life this was Ellie's gonna look like
when you get back bruised and battered
kiss my foot no kiss my foot it's part
of the process before you ride the bike
you must kiss the foot come on come on I
hate to we'll lose that along the way
trust me so do I have to wear a helmet
yeah put in a plea deal cuz he will a
fluster in to end this is gonna be good
so Jonathan when we had a prominent
element properly these two weird little
strands here what am I supposed to do
with these Clio hmm are you chewing
Jonathan's chute oh my god
what please it's not your shoe needs you
winch key oh it is
where's the monitor now I can't turn it
back on anyway can you just like
how to do this you do know how to say I
want to use the new powder bottle
Jonathan this is my new one that I was
sent by benefit so I'm using this one
not these smelly ones I'm also quite
disgusted that another crazy more this
comment I can't fix it
I tried hey Mac mommy have fun eating
your bacon your cakes alright grab the
steamer get to work
little bit the steamer in the vacuum
good bully you think I might break a
nail being realistic no we've come
across a small issue and it doesn't have
the cycle a bike okay
get on no no no get on it's not the I
need cats like nothing is that this is
way too high but it's not high you just
I'm telling you it's just a fear you
just gotta get over to fear I know how
to write a fight I've never ridden a
bike that is look guess what yeah adjust
the seat to where you're but it doesn't
go any lower than that that's the lowest
setting right up on your hip on it is
actually okay hop on yeah are you going
this thing look at the size of it goes
into my waist you just have to let go
your foot that's all the problem is
that fits me try I'm gonna hold on to
you I will hold on to you and you will
just cycle and if I make it I know
no it's because I can't like look like
when I'm fully capable I believe you are
but you're just afraid sighs I know
you're just afraid that's all it's okay
we've never if I got to a bike like oh
that's too high
Jonathan it's now I can write I would
never be like just let me attempt this
bike even though it's the wrong paper
we need to every just trust in me please
trust in me you didn't hurt yourself
trust in me okay all right we're gonna
put this over here
butter foot up butter foot up now I
won't fight though what are you doing
cycle I'm not going to all right Hey
now write cycle backwards yeah right but
we're just in useful
you know graph right though
see
okay ready no okay you're gonna stop
with the light and we're gonna lean over
I'm gonna put her foot down all right
so we've decided now is that Natasha
knows they'd ride a bike Natasha is
smaller than Anna and it's actually
going to go and see if she can actually
cycle the insanely high saddles bike if
Natasha can't cyclist what's the deal
didn't you have to cycle it yeah looks
like we're gonna buy you a nice little
pink flowery bike wooden plastic hand
cyclist you have to go ahead Mike okay
it all rests on you okay you see you
just disappear told you yeah it is quite
high but it's just the fear you just got
to get over to fair oh you have peanut
butter hands oh boy
you have peanut hands why do i funeral
hands do did you enjoy your pancake you
mate yeah I was it tasty
yeah something we're gonna go and buy on
a little pink bike even though I wasn't
trying to make her rather than ride a
baby
Oh what
is it you what's happened to mommy
what's happened to mommy can i oh I can
come in Big Daddy's coming in he's
taking off the shoes he's coming in okay
hold on oh nothing to where you actually
the more people that are in here the
words is like we can't Brandon's
properly look at history look at this
tree Oh
but she recovered really well you wanna
do it he's getting jealous oh I got a
shock from you yeah
did you feel it is that I can okay what
happened I didn't go inside okay you go
hide go and hide
one two three four five
ready or not here I come
I hope you're hiding she has to be here
she's not there what do you think I mean
is is she over here no is she up here no
I know where she is seen here no oh
someone knock on the door say who is it
okay look you're here that you're here
that's right there
somebody lives in letterbox who can you
want me to am I your favorite say I love
daddy the most don't don't listen it's
entrapment
what did you do what did you just do
what did you dump in attack him so
myself and I know we're talking about
the big walkies event because I'm really
excited to meet everybody and I just got
the schedule now and what we're talking
away Amelia was like busy away right
and she said table oh you sneezed all
over it Wireless porch she's so cute set
the table
these Fork is that is that mommy's pork
hello friends and family lend me your
ears so uh oh it's just on a telephone
call about this beginnings made up I
don't know if you guys are aware but
there is a free Ciccone Jolie's meetup
this Sunday in Alexander's palaces Park
I designed repellents a partner so the
first 200 people that donated 20 pounds
or more I think it was um oh I think
you've already been emailed at this
point but anybody else who didn't make
the list we will you know after you the
official meetup you know to meet the 200
people that got on the list obviously
we're gonna will leave the tent a I'm
looking sort of walk around the area and
stuff we're trying to like I wanted mean
as many people as I can obviously
priority is going to go to the people
that donated on the on the day and
helped us to beast our 10,000 pounds we
raised for your SPCA but other than that
do you guys want to come hang out with
us there's a pretty good chance you'll
meet us if you come to the big worries
on Sunday so that's cool hopefully see
you there I think our meetup is between
11:00 and 1:00 I hope I get to meet some
of you guys there I love me you guys
it's so cool because these videos like
as much as you're watching my life I
don't I don't know who I don't
as many as you guys' you guys know me
you know so I love I love me you guys
you know and the last time we did a
meet-up in England in the United Kingdom
was at summer in the city last summer in
the city so now we're doing somewhere in
the city just not somewhere in the city
but it's like somewhere in the city so
we're we're wait we're gonna Alexandra
Palace during the summer in the city
it's very confusing yeah I'm gonna go
bike friends hope you enjoyed today's
video
roll inflate dare wacky that's lucky
they're almost a little bit tacky here
why are we tacky I don't know it's
pending of a song there we go did it did
it did there's a cold breeze can anybody
tell me which doggy friends that is
they're 10 points to you we need more
room for a later donkey friends I'm so
excited for Sunday to come hang out with
you and to give you a hug and not do a
poo oh if this weather holds it's so
amazing anyway thanks for watch this
video hope it brought the old happiness
bug into your life
give us a noble smile wait what give us
a nice smile did you have a smile no
like perhaps a comment for seiki
birthday and maybe an old subscription
if you're new here hi hi welcome welcome
aboard and I'll see you guys well but
