yeah it's a bank holiday Monday morning
but Amelia didn't get the memo
whoa mommy and Eduardo are asleep I
can't take them a little bit me didn't
get the man walk the bank on a weekend
or you know we're playing monkeys we're
playing it's in Play Doh right oh look
do not do a play doh you're in can't not
eat it why not yeah
if you eat play-doh you'll get sick it
smells really good it looks like it's
gonna be tasty but never eat play-doh oh
you can eat your lunch
Wow yeah but just don't have play-doh
for lunch yeah no you know and played
over lunch - oh poor ducky oh don't need
to duck for lunch either blue or purple
is only a matter of time before the
poo-poos are gonna come into this
situation
there's always poo poos and Amelia's
around not right yeah so we're just
chillin what make some breakfast I might
just like kill some more or some
cartoons he's having the chill times but
so plastic time is it you let your toys
what's your favorite toy when I jump out
at night what can I paint you know yeah
yeah
right was time we're up breakfast of
champions
but time is this Emilia's oh this is
daddy's obviously what that's for you
would you get a postcard who's that
a chicken a chicken on hinge in mommy's
coffee or Eduardo yeah big skeleton you
okay you make mommy's copy push this
down push that down yeah can you make
mom and dad breakfast and baggies you
don't have to do this
Oh
oh my goodness you make mommy's talking
to you did you follow me on Twitter
do you so I was just saying on a Twitter
dare one side up construe that it's just
rude to talk so I was just saying on
Twitter there what he said sharing so
far forward um I bought a custom reg
plate
I was very proud of myself because in
Arden you're not allowed to have custom
reg beds you only let have the
registration plate that's put in the
cart yeah and but if United Kingdom okay
you can do this thing where you can get
a custom reg play you can weight
anything you want in red paint and ever
since moving here I've thought about it
and we're gonna be here year so I was
like yeah I'll commit so I found like
the most fun is fun I don't know like in
Ireland if you see the registration
number of my car in a vlog right there's
nothing like all you can do is you can
put that into the government website it
and tell you how much tax I paid on the
car that's it there's nothing else you
can do whereas I think in England
if you see something dredge play you can
actually find out the registers name or
something so I'm like I don't want to
know what you can and cannot do in
England but with the personal plates I
don't know if I can share it with you
but if you ever see me around and if you
if you saw that reg plate on a car you
would look at it and you think yourself
Jonathan should have that reg play come
on give it to me give it to you which
add who else who else needs that reg
plate okay and it's not the j and
eduardo thing that I said to you today
like it's a it's really short it's
really simple you're looking interesting
and it makes you smile if you're driving
along in the car for TV you look at it
you just got like it's good also
accidentally totally on purpose not my
fault
I may have bought a new car okay bye
in case you guys are wondering how I
ever get anything done this is the
answer
mother Goose club and little baby bum
since them entertained what I'm doing my
makeup media I got to I'm back and I'm
going alright bike friend shall we go
for a little jaunt you guys want to come
too well that's your spot that's where
you get to sit this is your point of
view
hey I just talked last time I was over
in Ireland I did that biking video you
guys really enjoyed it so I said you
know what there's a cool little trail I
found in the Surrey Hills which is like
really really fast and it's really
winding and it's interesting sometimes
come across horses can we go to a golf
course it's kind of cool so I was like
you know what that's a let's beast
around the hero and I mean they put this
up plaster on this morning you guys see
that
let's see focus because I have a big old
cut there from from viola whore and
she's like you have an ally since you
put that on me look my legs ripped to
pieces there's mountain bike your legs
but yeah so I'm hopefully no notice is
that alright let's go it's beast
okay I am a girl okay but what am I then
yeah
nothing what's Eduardo yeah but is he a
girl oh sorry
I'll just stay over here and do nothing
then mr. pundits Emilia is trying to ask
you guys what do you think she should
wear because we're trying we've moved to
bow decisions and where it was caught on
very fantastic bow and Emilia is trying
to decide we think it's between these
ones here oh I missed it he was like
running to her look at a media she put
these on her head herself why do you
have trousers on your head hello
father's home did you miss father
nothing nothing at all how random was
that I think I crash two US Open lads
sorry goodies I picked these up this
morning no poppy seeds
remember your mom made a poppy seed cake
or something once yeah it was really
good it was like a German delicacy a
poppy seed cake sounds weird but it's so
good isn't it I miss that I wonder can
you buy that he's buying Maslow there
are not pence there on the special quest
to find the fever but the gold for dr.
Joe just this is one me like Quentin
turn the page
turn the page the suspense is killing us
Oh
Oh and was a waiter captain voice of
bloom and bloom until the secret
treasure map the pan step I was never
fair I think I fail this fun do you
think kind of age oppress between the
pilot surprise mmm
black boom where Bob's up on the waist a
captain just purring sharks and fancy
underwear they found picnic table a
picnic herb a menial find a hilarious
all right listen next page next page oh
boy oh boy can you explain to me young
lady what happened here talk me true
you got your pocket why do you chocolate
all over your face wash rice it's
popcorn and now it's everywhere
Eduardo's not helping oh boy oh boy
we need to sweep it up are you gonna
sweep it up for me okay I will go and
get I'll go oh you get in the brush Oh
No okay thank you damn legs y'all do
your job do your job that's not 100%
sure yeah do you want me to do it real
quickly yeah cause it's not working out
no thank you
please dougies please shine down on me
we have to go over what the goodness
what's going on give God is this work is
this work pause password password wash
is going on here you're helping me
what are you helping me do you can help
me it's like he's outside did you bring
water outside too oh yeah all right I
wants to help too
oh oh
their feet Colvard oh yeah it's easier
to walk though you got what something in
your pumpkin what is it
okay hold on hold on there hold on there
come on come on mister oh come on oh no
no no up up up up okay I'm not sure how
this is the best it's like the person
that just keeps on giving tomorrow then
mystical said just here face I like that
I pay she's so funny sometimes she does
these like voices and imitations and so
but I like she's so sassy and funny like
you spend like the fur
while away your child like your baby
instead of trying to make damn laughs
and then it reaches the point when they
start making you laugh thanks so much
for watching today's video hope you
enjoyed it hope for me just smile and
brought some happiness into your life
give us know like maybe leave a comment
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
