morning Frank
good morning friend where are we going
do you not even know where we're going
hey going a semi we're going swimming
yay we're just coming to you ain't got
cozy Oh mommy yeah maybe after swimming
you can have a little snooze Oh mommy
that's a nice I see you've got another
flower no he's picking flowers we just
figured it's a Sunday morning to find
holiday weekend here in the UK so I
don't know how busy or quietest
hopefully if we're lucky it's quiet I
packed the GoPro so um if the pool is
empty the super quiet I'll film some
stuff in the water but I'm super packed
in busy I won't be able to so hopefully
it's empty we've got the two boats in
the boot and it's gonna be fine the only
fun is quite early it's only been nine
o'clock when I am its what her parents
are up to Saturday to normal most
regular normal people are not on a bank
holiday Sunday up at 9:07 mark the build
boats are in the boot yeah yeah that's
the thing about the grow clock it
actually worked
yeah give me do you like your clock when
you get out of bed when you get out of
bed on the clock wants to say
Bell when they set the blue blue is
asleep
yellow is to get out of the bed but it
works when I ever since gaming I was a
couple of days at start but ever since
Santa lied she going to get that bed at
seven o'clock in the morning which is
it's just reasonable reasonably assures
a weekend setting that's too much to ask
for
hi but that was pretty simple okay
getting the kids ready I just have four
hours
what Oh funny alright we're family and
we are family loving you is easy you're
amazing feel like I could laugh Iraq
loving you is cushy you're so handsome
please take a bite of my apple
me too
I think I love you and I think I need
you now I know it's turn
and I think I'm on you and I think I
love you
it's
oh yes yes it's true cuz it's you loving
you is simple to be honest feels like I
don't
loving you is matter when you squeeze me
Oh kiss me make me fly so high Oh baby
baby
say
we'll be together
cuz I think I love you and I think I
need you now I know it's true
so easy
zooming is over so move over music water
waiting outside cuz mommy and Amelia
take just a little bit longer in the
Dordogne Jonathan Eduardo Jonathan look
actually your name isn't this cool okay
I'll try to figure out you see the thing
over there is that a playground looks
kind of playground dish doesn't it
you're gonna get my keys hmm I don't
wanna make the track over there don't
need to find that it's not playground
assure what do you think is it worth it
is it worth it
we hopefully return to it known I didn't
know I'll try it on your own huh what do
you think Olo up up up up up oh no no no
no no let's muddy up up up up up up come
on kill you I don't crawl don't be a
crawler a creepy crawler you'll creepy
crawler
Paco caca you try to come up up up up
good boy good boy huh
you ready
so the flyer or something any other let
me get that for you let me get that for
ya
three reckon what are we thinking
we gotta crawl come in come oh oh
up up up up up up good boy come here
come on
good
Oh Oh doggy friends you have to have
lunch before I scream that's through a
word oh sorry to see them okay we
haven't seen the caterpillars in a while
guys wait till you see the size of these
monsters already since you saw them last
whoa oh my goodness that's how much
bigger they are he's made an awful mess
to the place so good yeah look how big
they are and that's what it is ready
this is from the leftover restaurant
last night we got we got a takeaway back
with her I took one of the mozzarella
balls honks I didn't eat it
mozzarella you kids get the visa and
everything's blurry all right see she is
see she is smart Sinhala I'll just not
be done Oh
Sena be Donna hey what's that
oh is that a chicken egg oh yeah that's
a chicken is
is that your dinner go
go art Oh dandelion oh you know what
it's like sunny all day the concrete is
actually nice and warm thank you nice
and tasty come on mister up ugly pop
okay
you're a walker now you're a walker a
walker text all right Texas Ranger you
guys remember Walker Texas Ranger it was
Chuck Norris a long time the guys loved
the show I think I had like Walker Texas
Ranger outfits and stuff I was big into
it was a big thing that that that there
did you have your ice cream yet was it
nice was it nice when we got home I had
some work to do so I've been gone for
the last hour so I missed ya the ice
cream thing and unfortunately for you
guys my left of logs are NSL you know
you know it goes it's a pretty good
chance we won't get back come on Oh
common I see now before and they said
like how can we know even as much on his
footage you know cuz I drove all edit it
myself and I was like it's not a like
it's not me not leaving her footage in
it's more of a lack of me receiving of
the footage you know but she's been
pretty good lately now right huh
and now mommy has her own office now set
up it's gonna be beasting she might want
to start putting that videos again back
into the game so hopefully we're gonna
see some new video soon or mommy's time
watch Pete oh oh like that Wow
hide anything yeah you excited to meet
all our friends in like a week's time or
something like that you're gonna be some
friends
don't lick the baby
Oh lick the mama see a nice bag of poo
shoo you should do a poo haul video
alright are you going on the swings you
wanna go higher higher higher higher hi
hi oh oh you are though what ow don't
pick my head won't be a head picker
higher higher higher higher where you're
going sideways
you can say to go to go higher or that
high enough
what do you think
there's no gonna let your friends seen
is the best at the patch ready see
they're newbies no she's too small hello
they're gonna have so much fun at the
big walkies ah what you wanna get off
now
are you wanna go higher you are fake I
didn't think okay your hand alright go
you hide I'll try and find you I'm gonna
try and hide find you you better hide
really good
okay coming to find you
you ready
look at this the panic
are you ready all right let's see if I
can find Amelia hmm
where could Amelia be is she in the
pocket no is she in the bush no aha
she's under here oh she's not like that
is she all right here is you're right
here is he here what we gonna play tag
now okay tiger it you have to catch me
you're the cat's we know this is what's
really good about nursery that's just
learning all these things
oh right hide-and-seek what are we
paying you come find me and you go
outside again for me okay okay ready go
okay I'll go ahead here and try and find
you ready
wait what am i finding you are you
finding me anything I fully understand
this game oh right again okay go ask
mommy to hide you somewhere really good
okay okay I'll hide okay you try to find
me like I did here daddy
yeah okay now we have progressed to the
lunacy of the trampoline and the Anna's
falling asleep on the grass were Alby
we're all bouncing around over here
bouncing around but just ready pulling
good dear tumble no I don't tumble onto
a whiteout all right gotta make Amelia
bounce bounce bounce bounce
what oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no
oh no you guys are the best don't tumble
on church work oh oh my goodness the
drunken wrath
you always do Oh got it okay somebody's
will put oily hair oh my goodness look
at daddy Amelia water and we're just
like left into the air you see that last
choice okay oh wait
whatever you do don't you know that each
other I actually paid for my tomfoolery
today our muscles are killing me from
Messer and champion with the kids but it
was worth it she turns they bender
hilarious anyway um imagine we had that
many children that we could spell
sequentially that would be crazy
or imagine we were fish and you could
come to an aquarium to actually see us
that would also be crazy anyway thanks
so much for watching today's video hope
you enjoyed it hope I brought some
happiness into your life and you know
what let's do it all again tomorrow see
you later
hope you did like what don't forget
about Barbara
