how are you
yeah we got a pretty early this morning
lunch
this is like the olden days isn't it
just you and me warned or asleep but
good look at the color I got the selling
of Marius is that tuna to serve an icing
time oh yeah
oh my goodness lights last night last
night this evening we smash our ASPCA
thing we got we raised over 10,000
pounds for the RSPCA whoo how awesome is
that we did it in like a day or two or
two or three days if I'm at it's crazy
crazy huh that's crazy movies yeah thank
you so much everybody I gave and we did
a good thing we did exacting friends so
I see some of you guys on the 31st will
be parties especially for that good
morning my del K morning white oh hey hi
Daddy
hi Daddy oh my god how are you morning
right out there big this little boy is
somewhere he was like a little squid and
now we're gonna huh thank you
Oh morning sneeze usually they usually
come in packs until they should 71 so
Lindsey likes to wait till I pick them
up and then you nice to give me a good
hour sneeze in the face okay you know
all open-mouth sneeze that's something
one way to open your eyes good morning
right back at the truth that's that's
really goes for now right there are you
doing that
that does that going dinner Bianca all
right
maybe maybe Bianca does need to come
back there bye bye Brian
bye Brian let's Brian Brian Brian how
that Brian had a bit too much honey last
night the effects this morning yeah
be a good boy wire yeah yeah okay yes
did you say bye Kenny no not yet yeah
okay let's go come on come on we
borrowed this book from my nursery last
time mom mommy yeah mommy's gonna give
me a few minutes while I'm just gonna
run Amelia over there's a little doll
for the end game here TV
it's like almost half on snail kind of
my words it almost works you have to get
because I need a new gym bag this is not
a practical gym bag at all
it was at a small chance that I was
gonna fly to Ireland today always trying
to see if I could juggle it to make it
work and I put some stuff up and off for
them I think it is just a marriage
referendum in Tamar gnarling today and
it's really important that people turn
up and vote because it's going to affect
not only not even my future but more
like my children's future I don't know
if it medium Eduardo will choose to live
in Ireland I don't know where they'll
choose to live in this planet because
that's the wonders of this new world we
live in you can live anywhere you want
you can be anybody you want you can do
anything you want but unfortunately
there's still some sort of draconian
laws and things in place that say you
know you can't be who you're supposed to
be and I don't talk about my political
views I don't talk about our religious
beliefs or religious views on this vlog
because I'm talking to a very wide
audience you know I'm aware that I'm
talking to people from all around the
world from different religions from
different backgrounds and different
interests and I never want to it's not
that I'm I feel like I'm repressing my
opinion than anything because I I don't
feel that way I just feel like you know
I don't want you to come here and you
know feel that like oh well like
not the same religion as Jonathan or I'm
not the same sexist Jonathan you know
I'm not the same you know whatever in
inclination as Jonathan then I can feel
like a part of his community that's not
true you can be you can be anybody you
want
everybody is welcome everybody is a
friend this is a small few that try not
to be fine you know you you are your
little cancers but um so anyway Martha
story is there's a public referendum and
it's the first country in the world to
allow a public forum they're allowing
the people to vote it's not done by the
house of parliament is not thrown by
they're an MP political applets don't
add on the ground level and it's it's
really cool that that's that's happening
at the moment and I think it's really
important that even in 2015 its might
even think that this is this we even
having this conversation we should have
this conversation twenty years ago how
we only having this conversation now but
we're having a conversation and it's
really important that it was Warren
progresses and if they lose by one vote
because I even talk over I will feel
terrible I don't think it's going to
happen it better be a LAN site I'm gonna
be ashamed if it does not not coming
home but anyway since the same wise know
what to make it okay Amelia's home
how was nursery why not
so did mommy collected Mina from nursery
today gee what are you doing no way
walking behind me look oh hey there oh
my goodness me Nia
that's the first time I think oh you
need to go toilet oh oh you smell
different who's joking eyes are like
I don't even know you anymore I was off
hiding like a meeting about 20 miles
away or something and I was like and I
thought I'd be back for one body turn
now I wanted to bring on us like oh you
expect Amelia from nursery and I feel
like yeah I got let you down I feel like
I don't even know you anymore
terrified who was she pale no no no when
you went into the class like what was
she playing what was she - who's your
best friend today
who was your best friend today yeah who
did you play with today all right little
shoes off if you got paint on your soles
of your feet what goes on in that place
you are hilarious friends don't come in
here
don't come in here
what are you right so we're upstairs in
my soon-to-be office which currently
looks like a mess and we're going to
attempt well Natasha's gonna attempt to
build the drawers that go under there
but look how much space it's opened up
like this room is actually a lot bigger
yeah it's a lot bigger than I kind of it
expected so we're gonna try and set up
so this is the before looks pretty bad
and there's a picture coming as well
that's gonna I think go there but that
hasn't come yet so this is the before of
the bed okay you ready
it's not done yet like it's not 100%
yeah but this is the little office area
so far we need like a picture on the
wall and this needs a bulb that's what
it should look like this this is like I
have a picture coming for that wall and
then this is probably the best the bed I
need to see what I'm gonna do with that
but and then I think I'm gonna hang that
mirror up there I have to fill those
frames it's an office area again I think
you can see kind of how the room looks
that's the door so it's really small but
I think we did a good job so far and
I'll be getting some more like tiny bits
in and I will update you as I go along
but I'm quite proud of it so far I think
it looks good so myself and I are
heading out but the kids are having so
what do you have it for dinner spaghetti
bowl get Ippo Getty and myself and I are
gonna have a date we but we're gonna
call it a day evening and I started off
with Dave days you're not ready for a
date nice so where as a great evening
hey hey hey I'm having a date evening
avenged no no it's the evening no no a
date night we're like 9 or 10 o'clock it
would be dark outside you got ravenous
nighttime all right I think well I think
we were from date days to date evenings
that's progression no it's not date
night
it's not yes it has to be dark if it
gets dark on our date then we can call
it a date night
that's the rule I didn't make up the
dating rules
you know what about my wardo he's so
gerard bitch I always bid them
I'm very difficult look at us just a
pair of young chaps huh maybe we should
think about having children with Vienna
children someday this is like cut you
like 2012 vlogs for 2011 blogs yeah I
think so have you put on like I don't
know 10 pounds maybe in one particular
area my first kid I was like how are we
all gonna fit in his little table oh
wait it's just us
anyway so got the melon easy I got a
caprese salad and I got some lobster
lobster spaghetti sounds good
we're taking pictures right now how's
the date night going so far today
evening no bright outside actually
joking here now sentencing office we
almost beat up st. Albans every pursuits
UK we actually signed on and everything
we went in ovens Carluccio's and this is
exactly what we got I think the main is
what I got as a maid as well yeah no one
is different
yeah we got the desserts like what I
think a year ago today the video which
actually yesterday is one one I just
pretending watch how smoking weed with
disdain
one year ago any come to us and say now
we had this after
it's still as good a year later leave it
alone alright we are home conscious
watching EastEnders you should be
watching saucony Jolie's and you the
traitor
look at this cool bad feeling that we
got we get it so taking isn't that so
cute
yeah the tip here box came from wherever
we got loads of stuffs where's the
biscuit I'll open it up present it to me
oh my goodness
Hey - it smells amazing - is it soap no
oh that is so amazing where are they but
they're all like customized in their
names you can see it names wrong and
it's so cute the big Boris
thank you so much this is killer I'm not
even sure what language this is in it's
a DVD Czech Republic yeah cool what's
wrong do you know this can't be a dream
yeah look I think Emilia hair does whom
we came in and we were like chatting
away and stuff I died and he just got
upset because you know it's like even
this morning Eduardo is really excited
to see me but you know it in friendly
way I was quite happy that she was upset
cause I missed her and then I got to go
turning her with a little cuddle and
read her little book and put her back to
bed
oh yeah I miss the kids but it's nice
it's nice for me and I need to work on
your relationship palettes because the
funny thing about marriage and kids and
all is that some day a million Eduardo
will leave us they'll go to university
or college or maybe the
move out or have their own family or
something like that you know and at the
core of every family is the the parental
units and the parental units will be
left alone together so it's kind of
important that we continue to work on
our own personal relationship so that
the parent units can survive without the
children units anyway thanks we'll try
today's video give us a know like maybe
an or comment and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
