loading good morning Eduardo how are we
feeling today feeling any better what
this is cool isn't it
dressy nanos like um hold on one minute
okay Johnny same as I want to be food
have an entire universe one over the
whole spot of roof
what well let's get it wired or at first
Oh plug it into mommy hi Who I am
hey hey wait oh oh my goodnes friends
what the heck
why why why do I lie what overnight
we're already up to six thousand three
hundred meters refresh that six thousand
three hundred ninety seven like
sixty-three percent like you guys are
smashing it what that is so cool
oh my goodness so you want specie ain't
got much this morning and I would just
like oh my goodness they just couldn't
believe that we have raised as much
money overnight and they were like we
want to we want to contact everybody
individually and just like tanking so
much are there such nice people
I think that um animal charities find it
really difficult sometimes to raise
funds and to get people talking and
interested about cameras you know and
then and I just they're just reacting
area you want to thank you all you know
they're really excited now you know was
that's amazing you know like 63% of our
overall goal raised overnight as
incredible party in the back
in the back thanks man Redbook I don't
really care I think I might take my hand
a Jim always better to pair up but then
it's so crazy to see you dance so don't
why not um so I jumped into Hanna's car
and she's a radio on signing out like
goes to the gym with music she drives
the car with music
she's like a music-hall yes I'm a proper
music fan I hate I'm so picky like I
have like two songs that I like I'm like
when whenever different songs come on my
Spotify I'm like skip skip skip
I do give an idea I skip so much and
sometimes I feel bad because I actually
don't give songs a chance yeah I'm just
like no I don't know that one no don't
know that one you meet you know you can
make your own playlist yeah not that it
runs ten songs yeah and then they get
really annoyed when like it goes back to
another one that I've already had on cuz
I'm like oh my god I've skipped so many
that I've actually come like full circle
but you can make the two songs playlist
and then you can share it yeah whatever
wonder what everybody wants this inside
us to solve a list well it's more than
two it's like fine Oh realistically it's
like five
but probably not any more than that so
we ended up actually taking analyst car
we have mercy days world so we are here
because we are assisting Natasha I
getting a car what do you think huh
opening the kiddies round which is safer
that kids were being brought around and
like nice newer safer car so we thought
we come up here have a look at an
a-class the all cross the all class just
roll in love us mister
let's go look for one this is Anna's
dream car look at Easton it's so good
worried so it's so cute though isn't it
it's so cute on the inside Hey look this
one this is like a four-door smart car
well yeah that's what you need there
look behind you from winning am yeah
make you fit all your friends they'll be
crazy
well the journey is beautiful at the
cla45 I don't know if they have one here
see on a 25 is stunning writing so
powered and so well spaced yeah don't be
like the only four-door car if you're
interested
yeah actually seat belt good shot see
Berger okay all like yeah make up by one
is the shot is a shot
hmm which one do you wanted me there
check out this car showroom place you
want wider than sit here - I go it can
squeeze where - I'm beside you can I
have these by any chance cuz you've
eaten them all right Natasha now for a
test drive
there's a rickety DS of fun this is cool
isn't it nice magazine Skeeter
eight-legged writer he's like this is
cool actually indirectly got an activity
today and everything you know
yeah at the mercy days Hey
right which okay have fun
get on it's ready cool like they've
definitely made them look really cool
you're serious
I think it isn't a Lynch go back for
tests we get this car would immediate
and Eduardo fit back there would they
yeah daddy is here I like it go - you
want to go there oh did you say
congratulations Latasha you know why
take that it's really nice carefully for
Delta watch hey you want to go in
oh no it's locked we're home and then
why I was walking
he's hoping I could get up himself like
oh but he's getting into it now you know
he's like climbing up and walking
himself we did he'll finish like walk
for me oh that could end badly
careful guys careful uh he said-she good
boy isn't he mean yeah he's very good at
walking sometimes sometimes he gets
grumpy yeah whoa good boy good boy oh
boy getting confidence now they're gonna
be seized up for it
whoa whoa whoa whoa that was really good
what's it do an illness are you guys are
you gonna go oh
I don't have anything 5mr max you see
them do how you do it one two three four
oh good boy mr. man all right do it one
two three four five
Oh almost a new world record
oh hey careful careful me you don't
don't interfere room boy
no no no what are you doing he do it
we I stuck me thought I was so lucky
having the duardo when we did have a
duardo
because if we actually had it wired him
now the media is that she's actually
she's now she's kind of getting jealous
little bit a little bit and she's kind
of messing a bit with him boy if he was
a baby man I think she would find it
difficult to to cope with a new child
Wow look at it where to go huh
cuz this whole thing about him walk is a
lot of attentions on uro and Amelia's
finding a little bit difficult you know
but that's what nurseries for isn't it
yeah teaching how to socialize for go
see OMA and Ireland why don't we go to
Ireland
so I go I in that lab you're gonna earn
you are ok bye yeah bye
have you got a passport have you got
your tickets
we got everything okay we'll have fun
I'll see you when you get home bye okay
they're off to Ireland everybody oh my
god okay you got the buggy you won't be
able to bring that in the plane but you
can probably bring it to the plane and
then they'll probably collapse it for
you
yeah I mean you know you know yourself
yeah you have a gorilla trial all right
Aki's go bye
okay bye hi pop stars and they go by
pizza oh look they changed we haven't
actually got Papa John's in so long
they've actually changed the boxes look
you aren't pasta we got you a pizza
well good thing I got your pasta dead
haha it's like oh my goodness okay look
I know look at that guy oh you look so
bad yeah I get to Amelia Barrett you
ready huh who's that we got Lisa he's
our baby Amenia who's that baby
vivia Mimi that's when daddy doctors
daddy baby daddy and baby Amy Mia baby
yeah is that cool do you want to watch
yourself being born that cool or you can
do that
Mario weirdo is just a taught war on
volcanoes daddy coming buddy came to
visit
oh look daddy changing you for the first
time said he looks pregnant actually in
this particular video don't know what
this is excusing my time Oh Department
oh you look really good daddy's doing
their cool okay that is the cool thing
about odd wireless tweeting Bardot
sending tweets okay Bardot's tweeting
Niall Horan the car no Amelia's gonna
see it wider for the first time you
ready
you Macy's wino who is that that baby
Amelia do you remember that you remember
I like it going that one you want to go
in that one you're gonna go there be
baby media mm-hmm that's right I'll go
and that one oh we gonna have a bath it
right oh here you go have a bat hey come
here come here to me come here go on
come here come
yeah yeah oh good boy
oh my god it's amazing how much you know
you have a child you have a child you
don't realize they're growing up because
they're growing up in front of you and
you see them all the time so you don't
notice to change it so much but then we
watch immaculate Rose videos and you
realize his small Amelia it's just like
cook I chose you Jesus a coke cans and a
cookie Jen orianna's pretending to go to
Juarez like coca and then Eduardo
started beside the computer thought was
like coca and then agreed I can say
cookie with that he's saying coke a
logistic gets all grown up
oh yes it's just so it's it's not funny
when you look like this is so cool but
vlogs you know TM have done this for so
long that to have those memories like
it's so cool like I can this rooms 1 and
V 2 max video from my husband 1986 and I
was a breakfast in my house no way my
sister wasn't born so moving like 1983
maybe 1983 1982 1983 ran that period and
it's like a video I was having breakfast
and I think I lost to my parents
divorced someone I like when I see my
sister Anna for a while and she moved to
New Zealand and it just sort of got lost
you know and I would have been cool to
be able to digitalize that now and keep
it forever but it's kind of lost but
she's just so cool like you know all
right Julia whoa whoa whoa tzer's do you
want some Elnett satin hair probably not
okay mister are you looking at the cow
farm how could a music-hall junkie
cowboy junkie all right sure we yeah
should we have a bad little man huh you
what I got the Kippy put a chickpea la
se la you guys think goodbye to our
friends hey thanks for stopping by
hey thanks for the memories yes su
tomorrow don't be late take a step in
don't forget the bin say thank you for
being so charitable with the RSPCA
doggie friends help each Appu don't come
back
don't come here as you guys tomorrow
Oh pizza party poopoo party pizza pie
pizza party right okay see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching bye friends
prepare yourself for the interactive and
slate how amazing is this I started a
Twitter today I was like oh my goodness
that is so epic and endslate
aware as well or requres Saucony Jodie's
ends late and they are all dead like it
took me ages to find them but they're
actually all in there so good luck
friends and trying to find the family
and thanks so much for watching today's
video give it know like maybe no comment
subscription if you will and i'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
