you balancing on a thing a tent how's
that tent holding up can I let go uh-oh
do you love it where does room yeah oh
that's very good you know what the
hardest part of went to the gym is
getting you at the door
this is like the part that I find
hardest it's actually leaving the house
it's just having like the motivation to
do it some days it's just harder than
others I didn't go yesterday because I
thought we were shooting a video and
then it turned out we weren't so but I
kind of lost motivation as the day went
on because I find that if I do it like
first thing in the morning that's when
I'm like I mean it's not even the first
thing it's like 10 o'clock I hope what
if I do it in the morning then that's
like perfect for me but if I let the day
go on any further like I'm not
realistically gonna go to gym anyway so
um I'm breaking it by the way because
it's my time of the month which I'm
still getting used to because I haven't
had a time with month in quite some time
this is my third one back with Eduardo
sorry if that's TMI so I've been like
since having Eduardo
I don't experience them with him but
anyway yeah so I'm breaking out that's
why the other thing I wanted to say is
how much I love my shoes because they
have never set foot outside except for
when I walk like literally from the
house to the car that's the only time
that they've set up set foot outside so
lovely clean and I love them and I hope
you see that way forever I was gonna go
for a walk yesterday and then I was like
no I don't want to get my Nikes dirty
what happened today well I just got a
present so the doorbell thing just went
off and then check these out check these
out huh where's your present
oh she kept on e pocket and a flower oh
yeah
so as you guys know Jason and Sammy they
set up their own like yeah yeah so I
just got these in there all your Disney
toys this might be for Anna this might
be excited for you Disney toys oh oh
that's nice yeah I think this is I think
this one's for mommy
it looks like mommy ish dear Anna yeah
it cool so this is for Anna once you've
kind of unwrapped maybe we'll we wrap
this one up but that's really nice you
like this shirt it's nice no credit you
get anyone to cool getting the Disney
toys for your friend
so I shall yeah excited to meet your
friend Mia Mia Cara Mia got a card wow
that was nice and Disney toys a Disney
present dog Oh Kate but there is a
massive gorilla my chin that's a bit
weird didn't expect that
I feel like Amelia and Eduardo should be
here to enjoy this it's a bit random
he knows this but you got a little bit
of advice your life do not put a q-tip
in your ear so bad two days ago right I
was in the midst of this flu cold
epidemic right
my ears were all blocked up in there and
I was like Oz in a wax buildup a white
as gizumon pop so I was like cleaning
the outside of my ear delicately right
cuz I don't do it a lot and it's like oh
we're having things in right and
Amelia's messing beside me and she hits
me and it hing goes in I'm like oh no
I'm like what a matter of fact a few
minutes later I had this like pain like
for about ten seconds and they're
presiding and it went away
and next one I woke up was blood all
over my pillow and that's very dramatic
there wasn't blood my pillow was blood
coming out of my ears I was like oh I
wonder if I died what if I died so I had
to began the steamy hot shower cuz I
heard that was good and the blood came
out and I got rid of all the blood and
that was like two days ago and then this
morning there was more blood so said
right I'm going to the doctor so I
called him off I got an appointment I
just got to see the doctor and he did
I'm sort of like an assessment this
thing is able to see inside my ears and
stuff but yeah look I didn't brain break
my ear or anything like that but I have
got a cut in the mid-20s
so it's gonna take a couple of weeks and
it might be better but do not put q-tips
inside your ear learn for me lads
suggestion for your ears and nose in
medicine something that hopefully I like
least know was that that probably the
hell is that there's lots of dried blood
in my ear and that's what's causing it's
sort of like it feels like I'm
underwater so that over this right hand
side we do to ourselves as humans we're
hoping is gonna solve it like oh my
goodness it's so it's such a weird
feeling like it's like it's not funny
though it's not funny no for cutest
years so I got all the different
decongestants I know about paper of
that's just because I Priscilla river
called the over soil inhalers and stuff
so I'm back from you Jim and look at
this parking reverse parked into my own
driveway I actually came in here and
there was no other car here which is
very unusual
Jonathan's obviously gone out and his
support is just getting like something
done to it I don't even know her
I have no idea I don't only assume that
cars but as I came in so there was no
car and was like yes so I did a big turn
and I like I ended up like reverse not
reversing but like you know what I mean
I turned the car around inside the
driveway which I could never do so very
happy with myself because this means
that I don't have to UM reverse out it's
gonna happen they're gonna turn into
butterflies and fly away there's so much
big anymore yesterday I got a job who's
your favorite one do you have a favorite
are they all the same they're sleeping
look they're already I think are already
starting to like do the metamorphosis
no don't tell them to wake up but look
they've already created what looks like
the start of a cocoon that's crazy the
algae
yeah they're going turn into butterflies
guys yeah and guess what good news
daddy's not deaf yeah well hello there
mr. Statton around me sister standing
around huh you just standing around
are you are you come here come here
you don't need to hold on to that don't
need to hold on to that anymore good one
for daddy
oh you tripped yourself up here we got
in line come on Oh Mike good boy
hurry off that so you do it all the time
take two
you guys are so cute the way choices I
know you can do it no that's what it was
just gone and done he's grabbed his book
and he's gone into his little chair
mm-hmm which one okay don't you have
your chair in your room
we also reorganized his wardrobe
so we emptied it out a little bit and
started using these because we hadn't
been using that it was completely empty
frame broke and our move and I cannot
fix it it's just this little bit here so
I need to fix it all hang it
let's see how our I've just given Paige
singing I don't need just them I just
push it out there a few minutes ago
let's give it a little refresh refresh
your shelf how are we doing so far
nice looking at oh my goodness guys we
are doing so well 50 donations already
yes
little fella has got big old teeth
coming through that's the one bad thing
about Ciccone jewelry jewelry if you
ever have yourself a Ciccone trophy
child we tend to grow our teeth very
very fast
remember me I scribbled all of my
macbook do you remember in media when
truth is all of his teeth are growing so
fast he's got I think he's got molars
coming he'll moley moley can you say
moley everybody noticed for the last
couple of days even though I know he
walked but he's just not being in here
here take my phone I don't want you to
admit he is just not being in a
favorable mood poor little happy when
he's picked up wants to be cuddled and
held Teeter no good ironing and you know
what's gonna happen right in about 20
years
those are leaving cavities and any more
pain of root canals and nerves realism
and then I never have 50 years wrong
gonna follow tell me is it really even
worth it oh oh dental pain is the worst
and he can't even take like a you know
like a so now you can just take a
painkiller he's not really like pow pow
like it's not only that but is it for
this kind of situation so I guess just
cuddles cuddles and waffles all we have
our dough girls in love you know that's
why even in yesterday's video I didn't
know if you noticed it but Eduardo is in
it for about 10 seconds because it's
just he's just not he's not feeling it
right now you know so he's having some
time off
he smells like a great dog give us a
snip yeah are you guys watching the
storm together
can i play catch
well hold on let's watch the storm look
there's muddy puddles out there Wow
Eduardo's feeling a lot better than some
happy cow Paul I can't play catch
anyway no it's my look you know all
right okay go go big one
whoa whoa whoa good job
look it already came back to you are you
think you bring the detail oh good boy
oh you ready gonna fetch fetch
tio get it oh okay ready you ready
whoa whoa whoa all right come here to me
say bye friends
see I'll walk you tomorrow see my
friends I can come as well okay but
first we need say my friends my friends
imagine our names were Edie Joe and an M
actually Edie joa Andy M I should
totally get that registration plate for
her car is it Knoblauch is your name ed
yo Adam hit you Adam hello my name is
Edwin or spca got in touch this morning
and they were blown away by the amount
that you guys have donated already we
are like 60% or something done so far
it's incredible and I am so happy that
we as the community are able to do
something really cool like this so if
you haven't yet I'll leave the link in
the description below
trow a pound or two
or 20 or whatever you've got you know if
you can spare a few pence for little
doggie friends that we really cool we're
doing a good thing friends we did a good
thing and thanks for watching today's
video
give us know like throw us know comment
and I will see you tomorrow
