morning friends what time did you wake
up it this morning was it still dark
about 4 or 5 a.m. oh boy oh boy oh boy
and it's raining this morning I'm gonna
put you down okay oh and that's the last
day of this terms ballet today huh and
mommy's car is here so we're gonna just
take mommy's car because I'm too lazy to
move all the cars around okay give me a
pop okay let me take your arms off oh
can I have that yeah you know pull wait
a second
that's it why no seat Oh No okay around
the other side around the other side
it's in here look magically it made it
and we're back from LA and guess what
what's happening next time you're moving
up to a new class a big girl class where
am we just a parents drop them off also
check check this out right so I just got
back to the car okay and you stopped the
wipers in this thing
check out but this car just did look how
close that is I couldn't get in like
poopoo parks this close to somebody
seriously there's like no room I
actually have to get in the passenger
side and scooch across like and you are
you excited yeah Wow you gonna tell
teachers in nursery
you're gonna be gasps you are so proud
of you me Nia only getting this guy's
that could arrive the caterpillars for
the kids
little butterfly farm thing that's
helping enough nah get the little
caterpillars in there
look at the mom that's so cool so for
the thing obviously can see them ha ha
look at the palace oh my goodness
they're gonna become butterflies how
cool is that like this elephant is
moving around look yeah we have to give
the name with this little guy here he's
like moving around I'm so excited so we
put Eduardo's mobile up I always call
them Mobile's but InTouch was like
anyway look let me see what you what I'm
Donna look how cute it is it's so nice
this is by a company called Jekyll do
deco it's like DJ e c.o
and it just looks amazing like I love it
every time I look at it I find new
things like there's a little cat asleep
in the tree and like just all the
different animals and like different
details and there was an apple there's a
toadstool just so cool and it glows in
the dark so it's called little big room
by Jake Oh or a jackal so yeah we ought
reorganized his room a little bit we're
gonna put the shelves up there to make a
proper bookshelf and then hopefully
stain his wardrobe and probably the
shelves as well actually so they match
the rest of the furniture and this is
gonna be my filming room for a channel
need to get back into it so I just need
to make the bed and I have a few props
that I've not yet ordered well I
so yeah I'm really excited about that
jeepers like it is Stormin Norman Norman
is storming so and my cayenne is gone
it's got enough to get serviced but then
push in girlfriend service but they come
and actually take the car from you they
have to think if you take that service
it takes for two days I was like that's
perfect that's fine buddy so that's kind
of a cool service though it runs because
I was like I thought I was gonna have to
go ed to go for it to drop it off to
come all the way back but em turns out
it wouldn't use everything like two
hours or something awful like that oh my
god it is wintry right City the leaves
all over the floor and everything all
the leaves are brown all these are brown
and sky is crying far too into the song
jaunt in journeymen didn't just filmed a
video for the style diet I know long
time no see long time no see long time
no hear from no time long time no film
no nothing but yeah it's been a really
long time is basically what I'm trying
to say but this is my amazing filming
setup
look at this wow it's just amazing I
need to get some props in fact I think I
might do that today because I did order
some I went to order some and then I
chickened out I just didn't do it for
some reason so anyways if you want to
check out that video that will be live
yesterday for you guys so unwanted a
women getting back in the game I'm
getting back into filming I'm kind of
excited
Amelia's home from nursery
and she got another book this nursery is
turning into a library huh did you have
fun today
did you see a hamster and some babies
and did you go into a magical room did
you get our microphone inside singing
yeah
you're offering you talkative are you
let's get the milk I picked up milk
along the way the baby milk huh what I
got two milks yeah yeah exactly
maybe mommy can have some no just a
little bit mommy can have water okay
okay I think at Epirus the caterpillars
look like little books yeah they're
gonna turn into butter gonna turn into
butterflies it's a wait we have to feed
then I can name them and name them what
should we name them sighs yeah but we
need to give them their names you have
to say night night every night okay
you have to put them to bed did you see
you tomorrow
did you see them wait up oh no whiners
grumpy yeah I mean yeah I got a Prezi oh
did you get a Prezi you got a Prezi okay
let's see what's in our box did you read
your cards what isn't it when I tell you
what it is it's a Polly Pocket mommy
used to have these toys when she was
little this is from suryya
I hope I'm saying that right huh she
said she wanted you to have this it was
so nice of her she wanted you to have
this cuz her mummy makes these tutus
okay you ready
you have to be really careful there's a
little pony inside don't lose her I know
do any of you guys remember Polly
Pockets they were just amazing and this
is like a proper like 90s oh don't lose
her 90s Polly Pocket can you say thank
you
mmm good girl
see that's your little house apparently
you can buy them like on Amazon and eBay
and stuff like people collect them now
so cool so that's not all though look
here run quick
you got tutus in media new tutus Oh
would you like to to here this can be
for you
right we've got peach got peach we've
got mint and got yellow and you got some
new boys you did get a new toy it's
really cool isn't it she reminds me so
much of me when I was we're making
another really fast quick meal that I
love to cook because I don't like okay
so basically you just take some tinfoil
and I put olive oil and then some salt
and pepper and then I use these organics
some actually these aren't organic but
one of these three is salmon Phillips
you can freeze them and you get the
frozen and then I'm just using three and
gonna cut these and then wrap them in
this foil and bake them in the oven at
190 degrees Celsius for like 35 40
minutes I'm gonna put some pre-made
mashed potato in there and then these
garlic green medley veggies that's it
that's dinner is so easy we've been
expecting you
dr. Paul finger that's listen to me my
tripod I was using tissue petitioning
influences we've got some very
interesting news I've brought one of the
one of our representatives from the
puppies this is Albee father of the
puppies he's a he's a little bit in
denial that he fathered all the puppies
I'll be you in denial anyway the reason
I Baba with me is because I have some
very exciting news we hit a million
subscribers recently and I thought that
is an amazing like a million people to
be able to reach that kind of like Iran
why did I how many people
there's a lot mr. billion there's
probably a lot of billions right well we
have a million people decided to
subscribe to our channel and I was like
that's insane
you know I mean around the world a
million friendliest friends and I
thought is there something we could do
good in the world with our million
people and recently we started to work
with the RSPCA we went out a few videos
ago we actually went out to one of their
shelters and it was really cool to see
all the animals and stuff and if you
guys can watch our videos for a long
time you'll know that we've them we're
always quite active and in our charities
for animals like it's not it's not it's
not disrespectful to any other charity
out there you know every charity is
important you know but we have we have a
foot I don't know why but we have a
little bit of a little bit of love for
these little fellas here so right here
particular so wow we have decided that
we are going to try and help out the
RSPCA so when I further aid you let me
get straight to the point here lads let
me flip this down so I can see what
we're doing here oh they're just giving
saucony Joey's walkies page lads I came
up with a sum of ten thousand pounds
because I thought you know what a
million subscribers if every single one
at every or
if a million people gave one penny that
would be ten thousand pounds now I know
currencies are different rentals and all
that but I thought let's go for it you
know we only have about two weeks
it's the 18 sted thing is on the 31st
you don't have a lot of time buzz like
imagine we could do that you know for
the RSPCA and help out all these little
dogs will leave this link in in the
description below but wouldn't that be
amazing you know and I tell you know
what to start it off let's just go ahead
let's just go ahead and do something so
this is our con tribution beauty I spell
it wrong I spelled it wrong can't even
spell ah okay this is our contribution
to all
the doggy friend what the Oh Gigi why
friends my name we'll call it Ciccone
Joe which is caps caps now come on come
on
what jack conte have you actually lost
the ability to say Cloney
small s that's the way you know what
boom go big or go home go big or go home
lads that's what I say we're gonna kick
it off by throwing in a thousand pounds
into the game on a second and there we
have it thank you for your donation and
oh like you just get a little email as
well there you go
I'm happy to be contacted by I'm already
sure what all that stuff means but yeah
and then you can share on Twitter
sharing on Twitter right and tweet me
and then use the hashtag Ciccone Jolie's
doggy friend or maybe just doggy friends
no one annoys you the hashtag doggy
friends and send it to me first few
hundred people that donate twenty pounds
get VIP tickets or put on a VIP list to
definitely guarantee to hang out with us
on a 31st May so if you're going on a
31st May and you want to guaranteed to
hang out with us and meet the doggies
yeah the doggies are coming is not so
cool who gets to meet doggy friends yeah
if you want to be an eye on speaker but
if you want to do that make sure that
I'm give twenty pounds or more give
twenty thousand pounds will not be kinda
cool actually
we can only and if you are from Ed said
you can you're not gonna becoming an
attorney first if you can spare a pound
or two or ten or twenty or whatever you
know that set C of us as a community as
ciccone goalies are friendly as friends
can raise ten thousand pounds to help
all that doggie friends really cool
that'd be really cool thing to do so
let's do it let's do it a lot of you
guys watching our videos are not in the
UK or maybe you're in the UK and you're
not in a position to come down on the
31st and just just to clarify here about
the 31st if you are going humans are
free you you don't have to pay to come
to the event you have to I think you
have to pay to register your dog by
donating 20 pounds you are guaranteed to
meet us you know there's going to be 200
plays
gonna have a tent set up where we can
meet 200 people and if you donate the
first 200 people to donate more than 20
pounds we'll get on that VIP list
everybody else after that or if you just
come on today this is just a chance show
me this but unfortunately there's a
chance that you won't actually be able
to meet us as well I think would be
really cool if we actually were able to
raise ten thousand pounds for the RSPCA
that'll be really cool I've been very
tough to myself and I'll be tough to you
as a community we should all be drafted
ourselves
