good morning friend
mmm hello here mister singled here no
this is a tear in his eye huh he's like
mr. too much emotion missus no emotion
yeah that's you missus no emotion see
dad is mr. too much emotions where mamas
mrs. no emotion oh my godness me and
eduardo were the same you know our tour
de census
- Emilia are the bosses hey give me a
kiss Juan oh why don't you say you'd
give me a kiss
why no dad Eduardo huh he said it give
me a kiss huh hello there were no time
for my kissy oh my goodness oh my
goodness oh yeah by the way last night
when we were taking him out of the
shower right we held him up on summit
out myself a diner was talking away I
was praying where Eduardo and it was a
moisturizing in media and Eduardo walked
yeah I took like two or three steps it
was madness it was like it's only a
matter of time now before it's gonna
happen on camera it's not so cool though
and I was only just saying yesterday
this is the time when Amelia did it okay
right oh no pressure
well oh my goodness Oh is he upsetting
you I know
wired uh-oh
go for that no no no no no no no no come
over here come over here come over here
I know much why not what's right oh
right right
Oh No it might be over now okay well we
got it we got it
where did it look was he yeah I cuz
we've distracted him now and and
immediated there what are you doing
do you wanna walk do you wanna walk okay
that's even media come walk as well
ready ready
I mean you can you walk to Daddy ready
girl ready walk okay let's see white oh
come on yeah we still do but we so are
we so unlucky that's so cool
ready ready
he's tired of me you know a lot of
people are saying now we never showed
the picture for at four am a this
probably cuz we're an art I'm gonna
happen maybe but I this is the mini
picture yeah yeah it's all the psyches
yeah yeah yeah good yeah
where's yank a Navy I know nothing uh is
that thing being chewed up that actually
wasn't me no that wasn't he I wasn't
acting that bitch - with an illusion
yesterday Pollock movies you're making
the word oh when if there wasn't proof
or not yeah yeah it's all sunbeds should
be trampolines trampolines are just
amazing they like perfect for bouncing
in the body comfortable to lie on huh
now ready to I know we're just chillin
like villains just a pair of villains
chillin I could hook it look at look at
this thing up here it is Oh
would be too bright for ya no no but
like this is insane
it's beautiful weather tropical weather
huh is it tropical totally tropical pick
out subscribe leave it alone over here
overnight he did the dogs were inside it
but to retrieve them in their bigger
I'll be the elevator oh look you can see
tears over in there
there's gonna be a scary it's gonna be
scary
a Florian is Gary oh do whoa
I keep getting static electrical charges
I keep getting Alby are you driving
daddy he is driving night Oh glad my fat
right face is being planted oh you might
fall off you know you might fall off I'm
running away I'm running on empty
yeah Jackson Branson old school let's Oh
faceplant
oh okay fair Oh nearly got me and then
he got me the water and then he got me
don't step in the water what am I
putting me in in order for fun Emilio
hunter what is going what that coming
over Flicka tadka
daddy you know who got his walk you've
got the vlog
yeah daddy's gonna fall oh how do you
fail Oh
P legacy hey lookit I'm here
oh hey Marta's just not himself well I
think we're stay here with his favorite
parent special a decoration you just
won't
I don't need carrots for the content
just catch what you device fall maybe
when daddy gets me a new home is enough
that one I have and I still have my way
somewhere oh yeah hmm give it to him to
ruin your own ruin although he'd
probably still want mine yeah well your
one turns on this stuff he needs his own
like data pack and everything you know
yeah he needs someone to make call like
to be able to make yeah yeah we just we
just put the phone in the right people
could people just call this number
yeah did you know though did he I was a
changing his nappy and I gave him my
phone and he was like like calling her
and I thought I heard somebody say like
a woman's voice but I thought it was
like maybe Siri or like he'd started
playing a video or something so I
ignored it and like I was probably
singing or like saying things as well
and then she tried to ring me back she's
like um I think it wired oh just called
me mm-hmm at least let's friend Jessica
I know margin it was like the dentist's
office it's just I guess seeing in me
wants me to go to bed let's take a
psychic Eduardo hasn't got the capacity
to ask me to go to bed
oh that's me this is my every no look at
these little twins look at them twinning
address the meeting the same as I met
today cuz she was dressed the same
yesterday's up oh yeah kids are asleep
and it's watching some housewives of
something downstairs and I'm watching
some boy movies it's the best life I
robotic thing this is our Sunday night
matinee spooky lads spooky licious why
is water sad peg what happened nothing
nothing happened is wire okay and he got
kind is he crying is he sick
great quite coin coin keys it wired Oh
sick
what what what does he need to do to get
better yeah hair makeup and
- he's back - okay hey is he feeling
better now had that powerful
he needs Cal Paul yeah all that it's up
there yeah yes action does it mean live
like Apple what does it media like how
far a lot right right
I was so yeah but you're getting me in
the evening time some right cup yeah
when the same week to finish al khali
gallon what happens when the Sun Goes
Down
oh I kind you cried yes oh okay let out
the keys fell off the bed yeah LOC or no
was asleep yeah well you see you can cut
by your friends I'm gonna talk my
friends do you like our friends
here we go
bye bye bye four five friends song this
is the song where we say goodbye
Amelia sings and dances this is the song
where we say goodbye thank you for
stopping by don't forget to hit the pupu
button don't forget to leave a nice
comment is the baby walking over here if
I come over here and he's not walking I
feel my dear oh my goodness he is I
guess it was mistaken yeah or no ah yeah
ready go yeah
yeah wah-wah-wah-wah go boy wired oh
you're so good at it nigga kids go 800 a
little too long with you long 100 there
back back up back up back up now let's
have another one and there we go folks
I can't believe it actually happened I
was actually thinking like maybe it was
just like never gonna walk maybe just
one of those people like Ivan the
boneless chickens watch Vikings Ivan the
bonus is Eduardo you know and then and
then it's funny that this is the exact
same age that amelia was when she
started walking so hopefully in the next
few days like we tried to do the thing
you know where myself and I sat on
opposite sides and like we did for
Amelia um he just he's not right quite
ready for that yet go go go go go let's
go hey your camera
yeah but the fact that actually is
taking like three or four steps now it's
brilliant it's just it's it's a bad time
because he's kind of a little unknown
well as well so he's not nay it's not in
the best spirits to be unit but I can't
believe that's so cool like and even the
progression of the day we took like two
steps three steps and then eventually at
the end retaken like a couple of steps
oh my little man huh our little man is
all grown up anyway thanks for watching
today's video
give us know like ah maybe leave a nice
comment subscription would be always
appreciated and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
