good morning Amelia where we going today
we're going to say we go to nursery wide
oh I'm taking a bringing into our own
ballet on Monday I think you'd like it
huh
well there's your voice like I am your
ears are always populated balance and
wooden pops and you kind of fall over a
little bit voice is like totally wrong
but I was lying about there just knowing
no if you can just sleep in if you want
you know that's like you know I want to
bring immediate the nursery looks like
we think it's like I think myself I'm in
the bag and I was like and bringing the
children to nursery we sing songs in the
car on the way there and we have like
our special time so where I am hanging
in like Hector let have some breakfast
so Joey has breakfast niche grain coffee
fruit bits of fruit inside porridge in a
bottle of water
oh I did I just drank one of these
things as well which hopefully it's
gonna do something like it's full of
like all this kind of stuff I got naked
I got naked that is gonna consume all of
these contents better
Hey
are you tormenting your brother you do
realize in about a year's time mr.
delight is gonna be able to torment you
like this I bite your time wardo bide
your time you're gonna be you're gonna
be in charge soon hey come on I love
your oversized bag she did the bike
remember not the new guys did I do all
are you still are in school I remember
going to first year that is in the UK or
underworld playing iron and you're back
Turkey
this when you move up to like biggest
school and that you always have like
these giant bikes and you're carrying
like these massive books and stuff like
that because you don't get to have a
locker yet hey that's what you look like
that is a bit delusional it's more know
what the would look at this no or happy
night give me minute stuff to roll in my
car hey get over here
all aboard
she hops it you're gonna pick your
flowers royal goodness
mm-hmm what come on into the car let's
get into the car okay then we're gonna
nurse you don't be late
you want to be late and in we're here
right nursery can I run away your
backpack okay hold on let me put your
arm in with the other arm is all right
you go so I have just arrived at the gym
I'm in my new shoes when she count
really seeks I said so far close so far
Travis they're so cute I love them
anyway so have them on for the first
time and they feel amazing I want to buy
them in like every single different
color because they feel so light on my
feet I feel like I'm walking on air it's
amazing so yeah I'm at the gym it's only
half past nine so I'm getting an early
start today and then I have a doctor's
appointment at 11:00 so that's why I
came kind of earlier so I wanted to fit
everything in and not go home in between
so that's what I'm gonna do you would
think that it would be empty like at
this time but it's actually more crowded
because I think that there's a lot of
classes or something like that so anyhow
let's get moving in the gym oh my
goodness friends
I don't know me like this like the
sickness get the better of me or have
naps or anything - I was supposed to go
meet my mate Paul today I was doing
YouTube stuff is a chance I'll see you
guys I've learned in the burger just
better and cars and stuff that's just oh
my goodness like my sinuses are
clarified you know I hate not having
that I don't play I like it just enough
time to connect immediately and
hopefully a fair million times better
hey what's we're lucky
all right lads you got the bug cool all
right we are back from history I had a
snooze and then - this might be man
fruit man flu actually JIT flu not just
man flu it's the cameras kinda bad media
gotta put cooking you have to stay very
quiet all right so I was supposed to
hook up a pause today but I'm not gonna
be able to do because I'm dead my damn
I'm gonna give him a call right but then
I decided instead of just doing a normal
call or do a prank call he's recently in
Monaco where a couple of lads in there
like super cars blowing around making a
ruckus so hold on all right hello is it
Paul hello Paul I am calling from the
Monaco consulate in London we had a
noise complaint from yeah a car
registered to you in Monaco it is going
to be a fee you must pay now no not for
a car like yours Emilia ruin my joke I
didn't work - let's stay frosty
hi oh my god you parked the car I was
like where knows oh yeah Pixar's fridge
here's my favorite
anyway let's check it out a good
selection of me there's a good actually
meets cold meats hot beats Jesus yeah
the water section is that fruit the
berries in there no one is your first
guest to use one drop it in yeah its
flavored water as well it's busy oh god
it's good yeah oh nice point oh don't
kind of come down take you much I like
to I like okay wait all the way all the
way all the way I don't think that was
quite the know what's been going on here
wait you're surprised
she's happy now that you know best
friends know you're awake Eduardo up
look at his face are you gonna cry like
what scary face no I don't know he's
he's looking a bit on sugar ones out
there okay don't there's so many shoes
do you want to put them on with you two
footed
yeah you must have like the smallest
feet in the world when she put her foot
in I was like okay they almost fit her I
think it'd be low fee 11
now what's your talk of a present
you have to shut your eyes now now I am
concerned what's going on here close
your eyes and put your object no no no
you have to go it this way make sense
what Oh even you even texted me and told
me about that a lot sure he's more
excited in this situation the elephant
one forgot you texted me that you got
that didn't you say that you had a dream
that you friend that you got her in the
elephant one I could have said it was a
dream but it was probably better luck
yeah you want to take it out alright
yeah you need the book the brush on toy
Wow scratch what a thing was I put you
up there there was like 17 layers of
taking the thing like there was no
possible way to get a laugh you hear me
yeah the brush it's the children but
he's more excited in your media goes to
needs my dad is gonna steal it
no should we stop watching TV yeah Wow
what's his name
Oh is there music playing Jay look so
cute I like the music can you get me I
mean yeah really do add some chocolate
yeah you have some chocolate and
presents I'll give you all the chocolate
in the presence that you want right now
what do you think finishes twisted here
we should do that what's that challenge
I mean yeah I mean yeah I mean yeah I
mean yeah do you want some chocolate she
really caught me because these things is
amazing he's so confused don't bite them
where is this coming from
good girl I graduate from why are you
biting him why are you eating him and
right oh right you can't hate you right
now
so now we're making dinner we here's my
little helper we're making Ron sweet and
sour prawn stir fry we are making it
with these spinach noodles and some
sweet and crunchy stir-fried veggies
yeah
what are you try the crane
these are my cupboard
saerom so I thought my helper over here
cooking you helping me by cooking as
well what's in your pump nice and I've
got my other health over here he's on
lollipop duty I think and then here we
have I burnt my prawns a bit so I was on
Twitter not going that well and just the
corny don't eat it
I'm sorry it's just water but yeah these
are my noodles I need a bigger pot but
see my other bigger pot it's like way
too big
it's like massive compared to this one
so I need like a medium sized pot okay
mmm delicious
yeah oh maybe not scissors but yeah this
is her oh my great don't forget to hit
the poopoo button I thought I went on
Twitter oh my goodness nuts
I was so sick that day yesterday oh man
it's like a fortune after utan headphone
things like I was gone I just went
straight to bed
that's why I was kind of a random cut
and there was also a livre it had it was
just like I was just like at it there
yeah actually I think you can see on
Joey's vlog I hope because she kept
forever I kept falling asleep when I was
like chatting away to everyone but I
wanted to be social I didn't wanna be
rude and leave anyway I hope you enjoyed
today's video hope don't forget to hit
the pupu button I give this no
subscription leave us a comment and I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
