come on Oh God morning friends you have
a very nice outfit on and I really like
your watch
so yesterday yeah twenty past two
yesterday so many people in a video were
saying in the comments and stuff ten
media had some sort of a mild seizure or
something because she does this little
thing which is really hilarious and the
first time she didn't a couple of months
ago I was victory I was like on hey are
you alright he just messin with Daddy
cause he has a cold but turn end I think
we never really happened to capture in
camera but we caught the end of it on
camera yesterday or the day before and
she is messing so come here to me come
here to me stand up there okay I want
you to go yeah now put your hands up and
do it you know you go that is what she
was doing a version of that I don't know
why she started it but it was like she
goes she sits in her chances on shows ah
it's like she just tenses yourself up
but she can do it on command which means
that there is no risk it's not an issue
or anything I can was something she
couldn't do on command or she you know
she would voluntarily do it I would be
concerned about it what these are
monsters this is a monster like a toy
they run that's Frank the fly where's
your money up here Frank
the fly huh so thank you for your
concern what oh I know sometimes ah
Qing's under videos can seem out of
context in a way you know and it quite
seems something else but it's not that
but I just wanted to turn it up before
and you guys were worried okay we got to
the bottom of it
you got you got sweet I didn't get any
sweets general I did get I got your call
Thanks appreciate that
that's a problem with children they love
to go out right especially a nursery put
your child in nursery care yourself for
every single virus that exists in the
world they go out right they get the
viruses they bring them home they cough
and sputum all over you you get the
virus oh yeah thankfully mommy has a guy
take though you go you got a shot yeah
Oh snot don't blow your nose come here
let's blow our noses
well blow our noses together you are the
best thing I've ever made in my life
you don't know but I love it wired up
too don't get me wrong don't ever think
that if I'm in the moment that I say
some you know one child
I mean not about both of them but
because it mean is here I'm saying
around Amelia having children was my
greatest accomplishment I've left on a
lot of other things in my life but
definitely making this little person
being partly responsible for the
creation of this little person huh I got
money you got my knee yeah thank you
uh-oh
that's ten P hey you got ten P don't be
confusing the P with the pee and poo
different kind of pee different pee all
right we are off to Morrison's what are
we gonna do okay
we're going to bake pizzas we're gonna
make some pizzas yeah and Morrison's and
eat them we're gonna take whatever car
has two car seats in it so which car do
you want to go in that is two car seats
well we take dad's car for fun turned
out the car to car seats and the
stroller was Anna's car so I'm taking on
his car so yesterday was some sort of a
tropical event in the world
this event going on at the moment called
El Nino which is the entire planet is
heating up happens every five or ten
years 2015 this year it's gonna happen
but today it appears to have failed what
are you trying to catch me Sonia we're
going in here to buy a little baby pizza
bases and all the pizza stuff we're
gonna bake pizzas ashes denies that
she's working nursery and she said they
used to do this kind of stuff so please
be fun
the rain is but it's not helping the
situation
alright okay what do you want what you
want in your pizza now if you say poo
what do you want in your pizza hey I'm
riding this thing right where's the poo
section I'm gonna need a cup of poo
community don't have any you got pasta
on there it's just pasta - ooh spicy
meatballs favela is this even their
place no no no that's pizza all right
this might be enough cheese for Amelia's
pizza to get that one yeah No Oh
Catedral grated mello Yello
half price get to go waste time no it's
basically free alright put it in there
alright what else you want your pizza
you want cheese do you want mine Apple
cheese boy house sweet corn yeah okay
let's go
German selection panel Wow wouldn't all
boyfriend
that's a Skoosh MIT put it in there yeah
Thank You Sean so what else you want in
your pizza
that's your new pizza friend
what Chris Island in here by the way I
think I heard thought what I've got
she's got the start of it now so she
went to bed
oh just got a couple of days ahead of
herself love this bull left me we didn't
know which one olives olives yeah hmm
like us
I don't mind the green ones as much with
the black pants oh my goodness Beth what
way it's not my thing
look at this oh budget a spoonful of
that yeah no way misunderstood tomatoes
I feel I want to go so I'm thinking um
do you want some pudding look a pea
pudding
what is this anyone ever had this
foresight p-putting you do not want a
p-putting don't even know what a pea
pudding is and we got some sweet corn
all right now what else you want you got
sweet corn
you got cheese you bought pepperoni
peppers mmm
what some peppers yeah peppers and
pudding these things are amazing
why are you talking about there's no
chocolate
all right which one you want you want
that exact pepper that's the pepper you
want okay that's the pepper again all
right you want some chilies oh yeah
ready
Oh get movers up
I don't put them on all right we are
done and it's raining let's stop this
charlie now and we'll run for it
save us having to come back oh we're
back
all aboard my caffeine bag where are we
getting rained on hey weirdo he's not
talking to us why you bring me out in
the rain nice it's daddy okay Polly wait
in the car
yeah we go home and cook betta run run
run run run run in the river run step
step step step
hmm all right what are you making
peppers are you making a pizza yes what
we need we need a pizza base which we
got which is quite large little dough
cut we got corn Bobby yeah it's a DS
corn yeah dark all right big boy corn
and some cheese is it wider gonna help
or as the waters gonna eat everything he
is gonna eat everything
I was busy here playing with all the
toys I don't know why you always want to
go outside but go for it oh my goodness
seven dogs
Bardot's not going to add side well how
did your pizza turn out nice did you
make that
oh there did you make that pizza hmm you
like your pizza wardo yeah yeah listen
here for is it so good cheering you up
goodnight daddy gonna have now decide to
get a pizza
Oh RISM um too many olives for my liking
huh I'd actually like a Hawaiian you
could just whip up a Hawaiian pizza
please what does it taste funny
mmm what do I really got two tickets
from room service room service for a
sick person I'm really nervous
hello in there hairy head bagel one
coffee your LM sick just text me I'm not
I'm not
oh you're just lazy living the life
ha ha jokes so exactly is going on in
here huh ah hi wardo let's not break
this because we've broken this before
okay and in heating broke in fact why is
it say 19
whoa you can't have everything you want
in this world okay you're not like
Amelia who gets everything
just kidding just kidding
he like looking at the window it was
almost a nice birthday and Annie was
very excited unburn is and he got to
wear her favorite things ribbons and
bows and lace and fancy shoes you like
my new shoes this year she had a new
body called snowball and he decided she
wanted to celebrate her birthday with
just her family her dad and snow ah he
likes no mo but snowball what is that
dad you stole Wow yeah but what kind of
an animal is it a rabbit a rabbit very
good so I'm going to start cooking
dinner now I've had a bit of a sick day
I think I might be catching something
I'm taking long padeen for it because I
have like a sore throat and a headache
and I'm ready feeling bloated tail ball
ball most wearing Libra sucks
Oh Rick oh here it is look look it right
oh good right oh it's here look here it
is
he gets very upset if he doesn't get
what are you doing oh this again this is
why I can't come you're interfering with
my cooking skills yeah anyhow so we're
gonna make some tacos oh you're gonna
help me in case you're wondering this is
how we cook
he won't let me he put them down so I
have the dangerous task of this yeah
we're family Frank mr. Krank the great
master crime last to crime and miss
crank is it miss little bit right little
miss crank yeah over here over she's
nothing you're being a good girl
dinner is over and check these little
buggers out huh apricot Oh flavor is it
is it nice
it's a yogurt yollie jolly Jolly jolly
Jolly as a Coney Holly can one day die
is it nice the water got one - you like
it weirdo
who are those munching in in hmm when
you do put the back in silly pants eat
it is he good yeah
why you can't put that up in there yeah
imagine you get cheese lollipops that's
what it kind of looks like it looks like
a cheese lollipop would you like a
cheese lollipop like a big lump of
cheese oh and it's unlike a breadstick
we're onto something here it's not like
a breadstick and you get like different
flavor like herb cheese in something
like imagine a Port Salut
cheese you know Port Salut unlike a nice
little bread stick like a garlic and
herb sort of breads day oh that would be
nice right outside you know it's a
winner it's a winner would you like that
no I think you prefer to yogurt one yeah
what do you do it hey the venue guys
actually do come up with that a cheese
steak idea I like some of the credit
please or maybe it already exists let me
know in the comments it already exists
cuz I want to eat that anyway thanks for
watching this video give us know like
throw us know comment subscribe if
you're new or subscribe if you're old
I don't know he'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
