we got some presents it's outside the
door you have to knock in the magic door
you say knock knock open wide see who's
on that right there decide that's from
Bosco I knew you guys ever seen Bosco
have a little peep Oh what is it
what is he what is it okay everyone back
up back up back up some presents beep
beep everyone saying what is it a media
what what is it we bring it inside
yeah come on why don't we beep beep beep
so I'm heading off to the gym and I have
a posture because I was separating a
fight between Bianca and movies and one
of them accidentally nipped me it wasn't
too bad but obviously they meant to get
each other not me but I got caught in
the middle because I was trying to
separate it they are such lunatics
together seriously they gets so jealous
of like everything that the other one
does and then I see them like licking
each other afterwards and I'm like
really
it's like a little sister fight or like
sisters TIFF anyway so I'm going to the
gym again I don't go every day I only go
every second day I think like three
times a week but yeah my Clips get
really repetitive cuz I'm just like
after the gym off to get my nails done
oh the Gees love the gym but yeah it's
just like I find that not even I'm not
even doing it like for a weight loss or
anything anymore it's just like you know
what I could
I could do it for weight loss but I
don't I just do it for like my own it's
like my own thing to do and like my way
of getting out of the house which is
really important I think sometimes so
that's really why I enjoy it it's not
really for anything else and also like
improving my fitness is quite cool like
so that I can see my progress and like
fitness wise I mean so that's why I like
it and that's why I continue to go it
just kind of its like therapeutic for me
so you're gonna go off you do my little
workout and then Eduardo has his shots
oh I feel so bad for him in its place
all right over here is where it's going
wow that opens yeah Oh cute that is you
go put all those toys in there I don't
think they're gonna fit oh let's try
anyway always try that that's how you
learn who's working life give it a try
well that looks nice like that though
just yeah let's see how many we get in
free
is that it 15 posted or boom 15 high
five
boom yeah just getting ready
I don't changed and I'm gonna race
summary rings tenders my plaster came
off it hurts so bad all right why No
we've got our red book we're ready for
this this is the worst one because he's
gonna be aware he's gonna see the needle
he's gonna know what's happening he's
gonna look at me like that why would you
bring me here dad
dad why would you bring me and did the
betrayal a look of betrayal I'm going to
get okay it's gonna be that's gonna be
heavy
my mr. Madden but on the plus side the
weather's amazing amazing uh-huh oh it's
Ophion hot I love it especially in this
car so now I'm heading off to marcin's I
just need to get a few things pick up a
few things
Jonathan's making me really anxious
because sorry I can't back she can't
breathing his car gasping for air hey
he's making me anxious because if I
don't went to his to get his injection
and he hasn't I feel really bad because
I didn't go but I just can't cope very
well with these things like I would get
too upset and it makes the baby even
more upset so he offered to take him but
he hasn't texted me back so I'm like how
is he what happened oh no an entire box
of these do they're like that's why I
came back for more No
end up with like 20 things that you
didn't need that's kind of what's
happening right now
I did get some tea because I had a
really nice one in Ireland and I wanted
to get I think it was peppermint so I
wanted to try these out let me just tell
you about this little trooper
are you a trooper right it was tree
injections right man took it he took it
like a warrior huh Ragnar lothbrok I
think we are or no wait you were Loki I
think I was right now but you took it
like a champ huh what's going on here
what's going on here Oh someone murdered
here yeah water got his injections he
got three injections took it like a
champ
yeah - lets you know whatever do it
again stop tickling me no like it Jeff
he made a little huh huh
he's like yeah yeah I understand
guess he's next guess he's next three
years and four months you're up next
little friend let's have a look my son
up let's see the angel my shadow is
ruining it that's cool isn't it misty
wired out okay you've got a funny arm
see me now the little man is happy he's
in his car huh you want to get into I
don't know I don't know if it's a 2-man
to my car I wonder can you get like a
two versions of the thing but I'd be
cool
thank you go together in a car
you've lost yourself there why no part
is getting the way in
why does get annoying yes
50th percentile 50% overweight yeah is
that good oh yeah no idea woodsey way
10.20 and 2 kilos right mean yes turn
your turn you want to see what
percentile you're in friend what are you
doing what that's what you do no break
set what the hell you doing dating Club
there we go zero zero all aboard don't
hold on to anything let go her 14.6 Wow
why do all ready pity he got eight oh
wait that's zero that's the zero these
good things a Diego
the difference is 82 AG AG what what see
I thought it was a hundred sixty or
seventy something Shh this is a
different thing can you just be quiet
whoa a hundred I know what to do bow to
you step on together and we'll see which
are to mind combine their 2425 I think
you've change it yeah all right
did you win yeah oh you got the best
weather is what's me and Amelia come on
together together we are 93.9 oh that's
not what we love each other like she
broke my heart
all right what did he mean here guys
she's here though
Wow 75th is that right cool
hi where you going are you going brave
little man today so what is she 75th
percentile is it good to get a high
number or a low number that percentile
thing yeah so yeah yeah so he's 50th and
she's kind normal oh thank you give
mommy a hug
what's that Ian it only goes to twenty
six twenty years or yeah no way it goes
if it's 20 years huh where are you going
you're in the twenties where you going
Oh cute is this like there's no keep
drowning us
who's that all Hello Kitty oh my
goodness that's this is the woman I show
us to marry come on need to go that is
like killer cold going on I picked it up
on the way back from Ireland
it's like it was like a really sore
throat for the last few days a nasty
nasty sore throat and then it's just
sort of evolved into like a full-blown
sort of fluidy head cold thing right now
and you have nothing for it so I want to
get some like lemons of it crush it
crush it as it stands because this is
like I want to be beast in our mountains
this this wetter is amazing I want to go
up the mountain I wanna I want to do the
garden cut the grass ball just hang in
like Hector that's gonna get some that
groups so you're joining our date today
in the wine section of Morrison's oh
yeah I needed get my limbs it that's the
only relationship was over and we're
filing for divorce over this alleged
lemsip and then we reached a compromise
where I call myself even though I'm sick
on my deathbed okay there's nothing
common about this cause this is
seriously this is like head colds stroke
Ebola I may actually have Ebola this
could be the end I may never see my kids
go up I'm like that uh if I'm like 99%
like well i'm 19.1% sick I'm just I
don't function like that
all right you just take everything
somebody it's out of here max Oh
all in one max death oh look dionan one
that's that's been a body aches law
you know what
yeah
is it here all summer long right yeah a
little polish not so yesterday last
night blue one they don't have it was it
a special one it's the best I'm like
what else it big up see these are just
like sweets
there's no good feel straps that are
good like it's the like the worst
flavoured ones are the ones actually
work if they actually taste nice if I'm
not doing anything
that's the trick I was going to take
some help off what do you want for
dinner
did I hear you say Nando's
did I hear you say Nando's what's your
present
Vera Wang love that's mommy's present
now that's some tasty Nando's oh it's so
good it steamed up the camera yeah yeah
we got some corn in the pot in that corn
at the pub that's a mess sweet potato
heating up the room anything for that
corn nut over here look it's in there
you want to see it well I have water on
my hands
all right hold on probably pick this up
there you go you see it now we'll put it
back over here I'm gonna cook it up
cause we're having done those those took
up Amelia there for me yeah girls my
life that has been ran you know just
staying on Twitter because yesterday's
enslaved a little poetry thing August
and actually when I was about 22 I
actually won this big like international
poetry competition and I got my poems
and books and then I wanna some money or
something up but I'm I still have that
somewhere in here these are all like
scripts and short stories and not in
films and so I also wrote a book when I
was like 16 which is probably all too in
here I was them I was a bit abstracted
from the world when I was younger I
think I've talked about that before I
kind of like things weren't things
weren't working out very well for me
when I was a kid so I kind of I tended
to live inside my head in my own
imaginary world and imaginary friends
and so Brad so I used to write a lot of
poetry and stories and sort of express
myself internally but all an entire book
and some range actually it is so much on
my face so much scribblings of a madman
the scribblings of a madman but um if I
can find this little poem thing I'm
gonna take a picture of in there put it
out into the world last find the book I
should publish it well actually you know
somewhere in here all these little cards
and stuff oh look that's the album for
my band your entry that's our album good
that I found it yeah so look there it is
within this ready-made world I have not
much in possessions nor wealth or
well-being at my beck and call
I could not wake with a smile nor sleep
still with ease and never as one am I
discovered the beauty of my past and
realized the ideas of which I
at Stanford me and I'm a smile but never
let on your sympathy nor will I disgrace
my proud stands for it's the beauty of
my past that has made my present
suitable for an artist world thanks for
watching today's video
maybe a no like give us a role comment
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
tomorrow
