two attacks are you ready for day number
ten running out of days guys shall we
open number 10 and see what's inside
signing of that friends do you have a
bother
cuz I have I go too many bombers and for
elves as well come on Santa Claus inside
is limited edition my barber bar
contains magic monkey feeding toy
cashmere some Moree body to baby
essentials and child's farm laughs salon
gift voucher jungle jam swallow and
you're gonna have to win to find out and
then tweet me what's in the box
you know the drill tweet using the
hashtag SJ Xmas and don't forget to ask
more about of tweets and friends answer
me this question what would your
favorite food be if you were a baby
I can't wait for Christmas
the lights are the Christmas
we are off as you can tell we're all
very happy Emilia and Eduardo are on
their iPads because it's quite a long
drive and Alessia is we're trying to get
her to have her afternoon nap but so far
well so far she's been fine but then we
stopped Jonathan's getting petrol I
don't know if we'll be able to see him
at there and we're really excited
because we're going to see yeah we're
gonna see Santa why are you scared
Santa's not scary he's really nice he
makes all the toys for all of you and
then he brings them in his sleigh with
Rudolph okay
that's his red-nosed reindeer
Wow right I'm going inside the paper
pack you have your visa car on you I do
oh thanks you're the faster the better
oh yeah sorry we were supposed to leave
at like 1:00 we left at 20 past one
eventually every time I try and make a
plan for the fair like leaving with the
kids it just doesn't work out at all so
yeah and also we're trying to get her to
go to sleep is it guys
who's gonna ask Santa Claus to bring him
a present I know what I'm gonna ask for
does anybody know a girl that has what
flat hair that's what it why don't once
I I thought you wanted to grow with flat
hair
oh you want a lightsaber now he's so
much so he wants a lightsaber but before
he said he wanted the Barbie and a
Barbie doll with flat hair and it Barbie
doll with a unicorn so now I'm not
really sure oh you can't ask for too
many things you can ask for two or three
max okay and then see if Santa Claus
will say yes all right we have to give
presents to other children as well well
we are definitely in London there's
black Addison Leigh's Rolls Royces we're
oh I didn't see that oh and the Bentley
oh she has Drive behind them another
back half so we have actually arrived in
quite good time
- and our appointment is at 3:00 our
point is Santa Claus oh yeah you did get
an appointment in September you do it in
September it's crazy
anyway so yeah we made quite good time
and well I shouldn't actually speak too
soon ever know we're here but like we're
not yet so you don't actually know until
you see so I was just figuring this out
this morning we have six children
between us and they are six five four
three
oh no there's no 2 1 1 and zero so we
skip two okay so next year because we
both skipped we both have we both have
the same gaps actually so we've got an
18 month gap between our older two and a
three year gap between our younger
children we have the exact same that it
should lie in the water line all the
kids up and take a picture and then put
that yeah yeah just for a picture
look guys at Aaron's Christmas yes
exactly
alright the car is part got me little
man here and it's in front there we're
oh my goodness so cold all I got on your
coat by the way look it's got a little
puffy bits at the ends I felt like I
needed to escalate my winter coat
situation it's winter coat situation I
had it was warm but I wasn't prepared
for the Arctic winter that is upon us
apparently it's snowing right now in
Dublin my brother sent pictures his
place is snowing it's snowing like in
northern England so it's only a matter
of time before the snow gets us we are
here
we're here ready for Santa Claus
look at these two matching matching
ladies all right let's go guys six
children and for adults I'm one half
okay all right sorry fault okay
back it in here bye get in there the
last time we saw later on video was that
birthday party do your sister sighs yeah
was it yeah
no thanks all right hold on everyone
hold on tight really fast he's getting
squished don't even see you
oh this is cute
where is this what you asked for for
Christmas am I good I think it is very
oh my god what does that you guys
they're super eyes that a gremlin you in
the morning yeah are you ready to tear
that marinovitch of jumpers I'm so cute
Oh all right guys into the Christmas
grotto
it's exciting mister isn't it prices and
Ellis did you see the elf we got red
bells over a excited let's go this way
this way everybody now we need some
listen now this isn't just any old data
Oh
to this we said Moodle open to the Stars
police and bureaus you bring us back
some glitter and we said you know what
no one said that's it I'm gonna bottle
inside
all right ready let's go let's go let's
go all right everybody did you get late
I got one too no don't eat it already if
you see the giant Christmas tree it
decides giant Christmas tree isn't an
amazing guys
what giant Christmas tree guys
all rise
let's go everybody
karai well Anja don't you take too long
familiar song
can't wait for Christmas II ran
underneath my Christmas present ribbon
for me
so marriages
-
it's uh
sant√©
when you think Alessia look around for
you to take away I didn't I didn't 141
media 5 this was wrong
thanks love Merry Christmas Kristen
thank you so much thanks that's it all
right then oh that's mrs. Claus
is that cool so we're finished with
Santa Claus and we were heading to
Luann's obvious house later
Sabrina's has Adam says they all live
together sure would you believe all
because see this house Nevaeh's house
new visa has seen TOS as we're missing
somebody midday ass house move in move
in move in move in
all right we have some Christmas
presents here I'm I am Santa Claus
around to get some tasty food what's
this oh is that what you guys need every
day I said get whatever you guys need
every day I don't what is this this is
Mitchell Mitchell start yeah yeah Mac
McDonald's it's different in there
Kensington is it
they would be really cute they were
talking again just push them over push
somebody together let's be friends
