good morning friends oh we see wow
that's so cool I'm gonna nursery I'm
ballet daddy got these new mats they did
Oh
what I can see your new shoes not in the
shops no all right now we need to open
this car for mommy
because Eduardo's going to the park what
okay yeah it's Simon
me and uncle Simon all right coming out
in this little cell in a while are you
oh you did go shopping
hey come on get in you walk around in
circles for probably what we put the new
mat in nice noise noise noise can you
say noise noise mate
alright you ready for ballet whoa new
mats and ballet it's an amazing Monday
morning friends shall we open the gate
picture of lost gate opener oh yeah by
the way the internet is dead we have no
there you go we have no internet in the
house Virgin Media are sending me a
brand new ruler but for the next two or
three days I have no international way
to make that work
which one oh my goodness tight tight
situation dougie things at home I'm so
excited I haven't seen them in so long
hi movies no hi how are they okay Oh
before we got a nurse we have to do a
quick stop and I will put them back to
do see daddy put in the petrol in yeah
you got some toys where'd you get that
little girl from lb no be my little boy
you know you know you'll get some genes
do you miss chase nice Xena hey Xena oh
my goodness it's the hardest thing about
traveling was we've got a little
friendliest doggy friends you can't
bring them with you we're planning on
going over to the US for like three
weeks that's gonna be really really hard
to not be with the dogs like three weeks
only nice let's go be cool to be a
traveler in do you have some stuff but
I'm gonna miss the doggy friends for
them we probably do a lot more traveling
and probably go a lot further but look
at them look at their little faces look
at their little faces mystical monster
just took a monster here hello Cleo this
is my post drop the kids off to school
snack
there was a child they go driving on you
Bangalore's these poor wheat poppy seed
ones a bigger type and onion would just
be too weird so I won with a poppy seed
one and there's after less Jimbo Jones
well they were out in the bike there for
the bikes but I need your hands that's
all right it's not mold raining no it's
on the bikes
anna has learned about Spotify today no
I haven't really well what are you in
the gym I do not like that I hope you
point where I know that I could probably
work out better yeah well you see the
difference it makes you got music boom
pump it in especially at the chart music
you like all that pop stuff I've never
really been able to like favorite what
insight who did you not have what your
own pair that came through your phone or
something well there's your problem
why would I who listens to music just
discard a tile on the bed like packaging
anyway
so you want to see this situation you
want to see the situation right now okay
hello Virgin Media amazing amazing box
let me just turn you on
wait wait that's it Boop anything that's
nuts
that's just a piece of plastic now
hi hi hi pretty girl
they're inside okay you'll see them when
you get in I have to go now okay nails
we just saw mommy
on the way out did you have fun in
nursery today don't you do it get your
boat get your coat get your coat in your
bike no right that's it monkey
come here monkey come here monkey you're
caught in your backyard but you were
being a monkey you're being a monkey
okay
salted peanut crunch the Virgin of comb
you saved today we're back on there will
be a show today honestly is fine when
it's like this it's empty I got a space
pretty easily sun is shining shouldn't I
sort of do things on summer so it's
easier to go out you can get stuff done
and the weather's nice and the contracts
are empty so I think in the future if I
come here again to do like this the only
thing is it's never a weekly shop it's
always like little bits here and there
and you can never you don't really know
when you're going anything so that's a
problem but yeah monday is a good day
cuz I can park easily I'm gonna instead
of door went off and we went inside for
the time she left her sandwich here the
dog ate it
is that nice is that nice oh I'm sure
they all had they all shared it or maybe
shut the whole thing that's like you
mean knows like on dogs eating a bagel
oh no I had money behind there don't
come back anymore
yeah you can see that so better finish
it off oh my got it so funny what are
you and your hidden self email books
do you know read them Sophia books in
bed let me get them for you you want to
bring him his waters bed you want to
bring the books in tomorrow's room
okay come on let's go get him don't wait
to bring the box sorry I didn't I didn't
understand
keep winning wired Oh give money wired
oh oh oh
Martel finds it difficult to wake up no
war don't know heard oh he finds it
difficult to wake up did you have fun in
nursery this morning what did you do
know I didn't realize that I'll go try
and find more okay I need to attend to
this little fella we don't need the
brush do we need the brush right oh yeah
we do okay climb aboard
climb aboard this ship is setting sail
we're still on
they're playing with this thing and then
they keep watching this and then they go
back to this Ju ads Wow ducks in my
Albee
oh no I always think that says look at
this another consumer every time I see
that on BBC one and a half five I think
hey this is the TV show could you
imagine know if that was like Alfie
shows on a half five Ciccone Jolie's are
on which are we gonna be on at six
o'clock see Kohli Jolie is like when
that'd be cool
did you watch the pony George's it was
on TV I think I would honey will be kind
of cool would it be like a half an hour
long
let me see I'll just search for it x
marks the spot
this is rustic horny Jolie's live and x
marks the spot
random is that like it must've crossed
never never cross streams lads flew past
each other and then they've like
come in here look so sorry everything
would you make beef noodles you're gonna
wipe your face it was inhaling a biscuit
hey what did I thought mini D ends you
already had yours as well we're watching
Sakura Jolie's
and he got in trouble what do you think
what are you thinking mister you want to
do it you want to do it you want to do
it no is he ever gonna walk the point
being inside the minute you walk you'll
never unlock and like walking is one of
the kind of oh I suppose like fully
talking but he already says words you
don't mean but it's like walking into
laughter laughter after he starts
walking they grow up so fast you know
says what's I'm like come on we're know
you can walk are you peeing like a dog I
know it at the minute he starts walking
it's are you think I got I know that
it's only a matter of time you won't
walk sit on what no more no don't ever
walk okay stand baby forever good fun
part it Wireless on the phone because
he's got a business business phone call
are you doing are you doing are you
singing toss me one without a name call
me I have a child for it is beating
photos that I will come Ivete a monster
let us say farewell to our friends can
you say farewell friends yeah
can you say fin belief up faith can you
say that say bye friends see you
tomorrow
you tomorrow don't be late fun bus but
dunya are my friends and that is the Oni
attacking it that's the only Russian I
know that's Bourgogne and vodka anyway I
hope you enjoyed today's video I hope it
brought some happiness and goodness and
and surprises in your life not sure the
surprises came from ah yeah okay well I
gotta go um people do things for face
you know be like hey see you guys
tomorrow there's no like witch
it's no comment subscribe if you're new
I'll see you tomorrow fight
