good morning friends hey where are we
going we're gonna omen sense
huh we're gonna always house betting
 we're not bringing books we'll
bring some books one tiny piece but yeah
so it's Anna's mom's birthday today and
she has no idea but we have bookplate
flights and hotels and rental cars yeah
and we are heading to the airport
shortly we're gonna fly the cork learn
to drive after her head
nothing oh boy huh it's so hard not
dating you know the letter no and it's
been tortured because yesterday she was
treated very attacks innards like roses
we're breaking I was like oh it's gonna
be so cool a lot of quark we're going to
cut by is God waiting see reaction you
know you getting blood you know you'll
get wrong cuz then yo yes there's engine
block and I said I got it's like the
best hug catfish you know when it comes
to Jordan and I'll cut a door and get
the reaction was like yeah you know ah
are you gonna sail are you sailing away
are you
Rockies are ready to go
you're gonna pass away Oh what did you
say yesterday you see wolves I mean it's
all wolves yesterday
yeah we saw wolves day right back
we're at the airport or at the airport
you want to get out let me get the bags
at first okay and then we'll come get
Amelia out at the airport for a surprise
party it's gonna be so much fun today
let's DOS don't skip ahead don't skip
ahead alright you gotta just watch the
video the way it is the way it's being
presented to you all right no skipping
ahead for the gory
all right yeah when its journey with us
okay Amelia are you gonna do NEC oma
what are you gonna say to her surprise
we're gonna practice it oh I got a wonky
one sorry
we've been practicing this morning so we
know what to say we go ding-dong
nice but it's a secret remember Shh
secret every time we're going to Ireland
for like five minutes and look how much
blanket your brain it's not are you go
ahead you want to talk him oh yeah
have an elevator answer Greiner it's the
only way to fly from the court but we
don't have an L
of the plane
run the play we're on the green yeah
there you go
so I'm going into the slide do you want
to go into slide like I mean it can you
see your buggy nook it's the only one
there is even there are a little buggy
the man has it a man's working it's the
only one hopefully uh hopefully we see
it on the other side the airplane it's
coming on
we home and come home
now
now it's our turn when he lands and we
can go
reseated apologize
the part of you
be prepared to be
I don't
like a big heart
No
Oh No
Oh No
whereas on mommy all the way over there
he wearing over there
ha
okay ready
I can keep doing don't take it
a security company that's what a view of
Cork City
the main city center right there
we're cool anger over ever over a river
yeah
work freelance you should move in half
you are born here
you know that we've arrived in Cork I
mean they got new shoes in the airport
on the way here look at these real cat
kids and little shoes do you love them
he's so cute we got them there but
because I media put on her alts as we
were leaving it's not quite appropriate
on a whiteboard center we almost you
know I really were straight I don't even
want to go
what no you gotta go Ted tell first drop
everything off I know I know don't worry
you've got time she's no idea it's only
half - Oh straight to the hotel for a
strop everything off and then straight
over okay Dilek really care
check out my rolling in moraine chillax
it's nice and spacious at the back oh my
goodness we need oh I'm so torn because
I'm so scared to drive one of these but
I really want to like eventually I'd
love to be base base in the back and
stuff like that yeah not and you guys
drive ranges let Anna know would you be
able to handle one tire this thing is
it's actually much smaller to drive
around and then you think you're such a
liar no sensors uh-huh well I haven't
gone off yet but I'm pretty sure to do
mmm no one like this actually like from
the Cayenne is much smaller than this
yeah it just feels smaller
it's so like nice I guess is a hotel
room yeah it's incredible I'm gonna it's
alright you keyless no keys necessary
I'm just getting a car and go oh we got
really lucky with the rep with the
weather as well yeah okay let's go
straight to my mom's okay no we look at
a hotel first we do signing in on the
register here you signing your name
Oh fabulous oh do you want me your dad
you guys know video one Francesca's here
and we were like dancing over here and
there was a guy playing the piano do you
remember that
Oh don't join the book come on wait over
here Oh mommy
wardo is that Diet Coke
are you drinking daddy go we have
corrupted the children but playing golf
my hotel room at the you know you're a
baller check this room at lives it is
ridiculous oh my goodness
Eduardo's over here sucking a diet coke
it wipe it all is that nice huh we're
gonna be heading over to Alma's in a few
minutes but here I'll show you this
stuff like the drinks Department come in
here take the bedroom situation alright
check this out right Kim and Hertz this
is a changing area this is my bathroom
which is a bit kind of like manly and
all check out the ladies bathroom oh my
goodness is amazing there's a toilet in
there look it is a jacuzzi like a
jacuzzi bath I'm like wait a second
why did the girls won't get such a
better one and I'll be doing the
treadmill in the morning followed by
some Jacuzzi action there's not started
look at this room
you see mental it's so pretty isn't it
and they like your Hall and I kind of
stuff like that like and then crazy
dough yeah it's so nice it's so pretty
oh my gosh look at this things nothing
come out you pull that across the whole
bed I'm looking forward to jacuzzi if
I'm alive go into the ladies bathroom
yeah you're showering your mama it has
it has like a steam as some
the steam thing in it you know what I'm
like it's not cooling on off body Jets
nobody get is when I'm excited about a
jacuzzi anyway this is not the reason we
came to Ireland so I just wanted to say
something before we go
oh I'm the flood so good I can hear it
is but um but you know cuz some people
might not know that my mom like my dad
died a few years ago and obviously she
she's gonna be on her own
but she's she hasn't really got not many
people anymore because obviously we've
moved and then my other sister Emma whom
she's really close to has moved to
America so she's kind nope she's got my
little sister obviously just kind of on
her own on her birthday and she's being
like trying to push us to come and visit
for eight her wedding anniversary today
and it's my mom and dad's wedding
anniversary so obviously and then she
was texting me last night and I could
tell she was like sad cuz you know she
didn't she didn't think anything was
gonna happen and she was just like all
just I miss your dad and stuff I was
like I'll bake a cake and she's like
don't do that but don't bother cuz I
thought she felt sick she's like maybe
we'll get a takeaway and I just like
like I couldn't say anything so this is
like been building up for ages we
decided we were gonna do this and like
surprise her she has no idea that we're
here and she has no idea that like this
is gonna happen I love to sucks when
we're trying to decide weird think we
might actually go sneak in our heads
because I have a Heskey and she's all
have to go now though I know she's up
but then I'm worried that like well she
has like a heart attack or something
accidentally killed it like too much of
a surprise like you know like should we
just stop Paolo like you're something
all right so we're trying to beat
traffic
and it is rush hour of course this is
rush hour by doing for claps okay anyone
m25 right this is Russia Oh we'll never
get any come on I'm only doing 40 anyway
anyway so my mom has decided Erika's
like texting me my mom has to suck on my
home doesn't catch on she what I think
she's texting one of her friends
anyway she's decided to get her entire
car cleaned a deep magic like I don't
know why and it's all the way over here
sucky oh my gosh you're gonna pop over
there
she's over there getting tiring joy no
we will not then we definitely know
we're going up here anyway no keep going
that's great yeah so what you mean to a
choice I thought I read read about you
to petrol station Oh anyway so she's
getting her entire car cleaned right now
inside and outside is that and I think
she doesn't she doesn't know like
obviously she doesn't know so she's just
doing whatever but Eric has like giving
me updates and we're trying to beat her
and get to the house because it lets
topaz yesterday
it must be the Topaz maybe there's no
SOA in the kids help so
it's got to be there anyway so I'm
hoping we aren't going to beat them kind
of afraid to do it though I'm so scared
inverter upgrade so I just went and I
got some flowers and some cards I turned
out I didn't actually have the key
because I am in the rest yeah because
I'm in this rented car that I didn't
actually cut sound like oh I got the
keys because we're Michaels I have to
know tell room yeah
so we're waiting away in the corner
we're right at this ocean truck do you
have keys Oh what's it what's the word
so Erica says that they've left now the
car wash they're on their way home
mm-hmm I was like no don't wait on the
road I don't say wait in a rope I'm like
my get my got clocked they have no idea
I mean I'm Sierra that's what my mother
has no idea it's gonna be so good
in fact she's trying to make plans for
tonight I know you have to be so mean in
these situations trying to like just
like it'll all make sense in like ten
minutes okay cuz Erica's being mean or
saying oh no mom I know it's all right
now
cardigan set to or like sweating like
I'm going to first take oh my goodness
he's gonna be so glad we got act so fast
diminish well actually have to leave the
kids in a car what
no we're party you park end road a
little bit and then prepare ourselves
yeah and everything oh my goodness this
is gonna be crazy
cries I'm gonna ring the doorbell but
like hold it so it's like yeah yeah yeah
it's not like a dingdong something like
like you know again oh no I know her
reaction win by now if you get annoyed
support think it's ah oh my goodness
that's we're here
she said just in the door so they must
do it over here
okay you got to stay really quiet
everybody okay this situation serious
I need to pee I need to feet you I got
sweaty paws right now okay I'll freak
open the door give this to me okay and
then I'm watching okay we got this all
right what'd you say we can't fit
anything we have me very quiet but it's
an offbeat step we're sneaking around
happy birthday
birthday good job do you have any idea
now oh yeah we're like crawled over your
wins garden you're like what if you're
upstairs do it no no Erica was our man
at the inside is oh my goodness oh my
goodness lads the fields don't mind it
back on a much India election exit polls
but seriously the fields lads oh my
goodness and it's so cool to be back in
the homeland we actually what we were
waiting for Anna's mom to get home we
actually drove around to all the
different houses that we lived in and
quark and we're just reminiscing and
stuff like that anyway that was such a
fun thing to do wasn't it oh the look at
her face it was there was a good one
and I hope you enjoyed the video give it
a like trusted old comment maybe give it
an old subscription now see you again
tomorrow bye
