but morning friends how are you today
good friends today it is lashing rain we
did well ah what's that
tomorrow media is gonna and giving
perfumed everybody getting to spray on
get just spray on claim up oh I'm gonna
be so excited okay excited you get City
Goods oh ah why does the king of the
castle you king of the princess did you
miss that all day yesterday where are
you going and to our delicious are you
determined to spray everything with
perfume
yeah hey you guys anyway camera wait oh
it smells lovely now give it a sniff
it's nice yeah right out
why are you determined on destroying
everything in weather that is my
question for you this morning
why are you determined hey Dee Dee's
o'clock wake you up this morning did you
come down what color eyes are when you
came down I think what no blue blue is
nighttime did you come down it was blue
white you're supposed to wait till it's
yellow Silly Bandz monkey people monkey
people pack of monkeys monkeys you you
monkey Li ringleader
o king queen of the monkey people don't
go back don't go breaking my heart I
woke up at dawn we go ahead some
breakfast yeah you wanna know that yeah
I don't want a minute you wanna Nana
we're just gonna walk now oh I thought
we were having a walk that walks were
happening all right let's get to Nana's
this is my son if I could do you see my
son
I love him very much he's a painting my
bomb man he's my son oh my god he has a
little sister named Debbie yeah she has
herself some doggy little friend they
drive me mad David me hence they want me
royal palace to the tresca's I know you
really do man this is my little son
never gone for Eduardo
that's me little son of a colony boom
boom boom oh and Jews are going it all
is I did white a solo time to the
monarchy but when I say probably saying
it can give you wrong a to to man is my
ride out good choice
it's right out today on Mondays and
Fridays it's an assortment of people but
the rest of the days it's always hard oh
wow we did well there's flashing storm
it super storage barn out there today
did well yesterday
because the night to be knows to you
with me would you wanna come with me
someday yeah no I see a lot of cops if
you said why don't you get one of those
trailer things are attachments or
something bringing me yeah wait yeah man
to Mike he is an extremely dangerous
sport bringing a child on a mountain
bike or connected some enjoyment by of
avenging would be extremely dangerous
and ridiculous it was a road bike yeah
you could just attract a little trailer
onto it newbie grand like when you're
like dropping in hills and jumps and
flying through forests
bathily the chosen with mommy at home or
daddy
and then Anthony's doing the biker buku
buku
but someday someday when you can cycle
yourself huh you love your fort that is
the cutest picture in the world oh my
god I'm so jealous you're stealing that
I say the best picture ever did you guys
all Giro is the cupcake get rid of
cupcake land Rosie go back in the media
maybe a living it else into come on
outside
oh here it is just a cute
I know here's you settling in underneath
yeah you put the roof down where's
everybody hiding in there pretty lady
oh okay you smacked him in the face
Oh No
you won't put it in media cuz all the
books Oh what does it smell like coffee
think that's this
fit nice yeah we're using this new
butter that I put back in the fridge but
basically though he told me about it
it's the lure pack baking and I always
used the carry board he's like I like
the taste of that but she said she
recommended the other one especially for
her cookie I don't know how to make a
difference in the cupcakes but it's
meant to be for baking and it's like
supposed to be really good so we're
beating the butter
I'm really excited okay because they are
coffee those are really Swift extraction
and boyos not really mm-hmm
Eduardo's too small to bake cupcakes
isn't he
ready we're gonna taste it okay tiny bit
on your finger do you like it yeah do
you like that okay that's enough for now
because the media I told me she does not
like coffee and I told her wait until
you taste it in a cake you're gonna like
coffee at my friend and they're gonna be
up all night to make one pasta Oh
spatula yeah you can lick the spatula
let me finish putting this in the cases
and then you can lick the ball okay all
right it's nap time lines nicely lassies
right away when I call people lads
it's actually non gender-specific cuz in
orange we say lights for girls and boys
so I've seen see beauty like what did
you call me alive it's just like alright
lads
I mean lass come on lads what does it
mean like toys that specifically means
boys huh boys what their title want me
to walk the turtle avatar girl comes
after you
yeah
what ninky nonk pinky-winky
think you know ninky no all right come
on not my friend yeah mommy's back from
the gym and the kids are awake and
they're starting to bake the cupcake ice
cream that's not ice cream dad it's it's
I sing is there anything on your like it
icing yeah what's in the air become a
little mess that we made you excited all
right so the other day we're washing the
bikes and we made this awful mess here
look at it it's so dirty it's really
will come out here no whoa at the
Gloucester bus three shower bright
garden because he loves blowing a little
cars would you everyone's okay tire is
all in good Nick oh I was so fun
yesterday it was so much fun one we're
gonna steam tearing in amends if I guess
six hundred million miles an hour oh my
god normally well I went in the track
that I do in about one hour three
minutes we're slime in there
we're like shot it like lunatics didn't
like half the time like this when
someone else are you doing they're
encouraging the juvenile inner child
inside of you to push it and flip it and
jump it and pop it and twist it and
shake it and pop it pop it twist it
shake it twisted popeck twisted you did
about this no no yeah hey this won't
come for brother loves this car
hello hello mister hello mister this
phone this phone lads is like the prize
in the phone yeah what we can share
can't you
Bartles on the phone yeah yeah what yeah
yeah what - on the phone immediately
wire gets off the phone you can have a
go yeah yeah hello yeah hello yeah yeah
where does a yes man this can huh don't
give up
follow your dreams sometimes sometimes
you'll fall down and feel like you can't
conquer your dream but you can you can
do it right oh well don't give up oh you
sharing your phone Emilia okay which
puppies do you want you like the biggest
one did you do upper you say excuse me
madam did you do it again
use it excuse me Mademoiselle oh excuse
me Mademoiselle it was harder working
her jumper
all right dinner has been had and it was
a splendid affair last wish she could
have joined us it was amazing
now we're cooking is it cappuccino love
it coffee and chocolate before bed
that's the trick joking joking
dopey joking around I look at that one
you ready now wired up finished all his
dinner first without a debate so ya know
what you want one did you know mommy was
joking yeah who's mommy a joker she know
you know either you finished it eat that
up eat that up nice me I always taste
your cooking
and I never believes me but it's not
because I don't like her baking it's
because I don't really eat like butter
itself and therefore I don't we need
cakes you know like I love chocolate you
wanna win me over chocolate and popcorn
it's away anyway look at his head say
how cool is that look at the fondant
ciccone Joanie's no there's more stuff
in it but I couldn't fit it in so I have
to kind of mission around a little bit
but is it okay
Dwyer's oh it's the old the old guy it's
really cool anyway thanks for watching
today's video hope you enjoyed it hope
you had a good time and I'll see ya
again tomorrow
don't forget to like it favorite there
any way we can favorite anymore leave
comments and subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you
