this thing is on how was your o'clock
last night
Barney she didn't know writers know
what's happened did you come - did you
come through my yellow blue
you're not allowed get up at blue time
it's good I'm sensing it's um breckel
faster Lance daddy has to go Uncle Simon
is on the aeroplane not looking good
with the weather situation before hoping
that's gonna fix itself they got four
hours yeah what about this one using
this room mommy ha ha ha and thank Emma
is that Emma's best friend the best
friend Erica
put the hands in
she's crazy she waiting for that kind of
energetic lads a bias revenge set the
sip of the meaning a wine it's a plan
mm oh my go
well that's good answers come on yeah
thanks
who do you want to see punch it Simon
Uncle Simon Oh
Oh you havin fun guys or I'm gonna pick
up Uncle Simon how you I don't see in a
bit
good morning friends did it - okay get
your foot out of the pot good girl
so Jonathan's gone to pick up Uncle
Simon and Amelia and Eduardo are sorry
mr. Johnson star mu and Eduardo are
waiting the place that your car what
does the card say boom boom boom boom
boom Oh
who's he he peak yeah I didn't know
whose name is Pete meeting I told me oh
I was like oh it's she's like it's Pete
I was like okay
yeah look you've got your Sophia amulet
and your Sophia slippers stinky napping
Oh worried oh let's wipe our hands and
face okay come on okay now that's not
allowed either you taking me I know you
know media has a bit of that to the left
it's cute oh you got Uncle Simon Simon
do you wanna walk from Simon he's in the
sign what you're waiting for
meaning Uncle Simon Oh Hulk yeah even go
Simon hook come on Eduardo you gotta fix
the tire yeah
I know I know you know I know he's kind
of like looks like we're glad he's quite
figure it out huh yeah come on little
boy
come on little boy Simon's coming
Oh what's cold it's cold and breezy huh
call Simon say Simon hurry up quite say
that say Simon hurry up yeah you wanna
bring your mic outside Uncle Simon's
outside
it's just fixing a flat I didn't know I
pumped it up yesterday cuz it was kind
of down that's overnight and it died
overnight so but look it's like she
liked singing because actually like air
in it what I must be a super slow little
puncture or something in there you know
you want to bring that outside all right
okay you want us I collect Uncle Simon
okay be careful
wha yeah you watch out for there the
pool there you go yeah oh you got lifted
alright before we go we're gonna get
some lunch huh umm let's grab a couple
of these
murmurs country cakes you got a cake
okay I can make a cake but
yeah we found it old village store down
the road it's a bit too small for me I
think we're the village of Bromley and
you guys different Bromley oh good thing
I'm not here for a coffee house a
potential drug and this is the aftermath
of play-doh
it was smushed into the couch it is all
over here and yeah so I'm gonna clean up
and it's lunchtime now so we're gonna
make some lunch yes Jonathan didn't
leave until a lot later than I thought
so we didn't get a chance to go ahead
mother's like it's quite great so I'm I
trying to do like something else but the
kids I don't know really I don't let me
have any set plan but my trying to do
something else with them after they're
not for now it looks like we're just
having kind of a lazy day I have two
birds in class and scary and maybe I'll
get some of them up just so that they
can do some sort of activity he's
practicing he's trying really hard to
use his fort which is to be honest a lot
earlier than immediate right like she
was not interested but he thinks be
interested but it means a lot of math
maybe as trying she says she has a sore
tummy but I think it might be because
she ate some play-doh and we know what
it's Thing Thing and this hot mess I'm
trying to make some halloumi
but I really want to do it like in a
sandwich but I've never made this before
so hopefully I'm doing it right all
right are we don't know did you stop so
me
so I didn't want to say anything until I
had tasted it this is amazing I fried
the halloumi and then I put in some
roasted vegetables oh it's amazing it's
so good that's it it's really simple you
get the roasted vegetables in like pan
or like Nanyang a jar I got the sack on
one and they're so good but this tastes
amazing so I'm really proud of my new
creation I know
hurry hope you're okay
where think gray took me about a year to
develop this little track that I have
worked out here it's epic goes to a golf
course and everything oh my goodness and
today like it's supposed to rain in five
well yeah so we actually went out to
that place it was a narrow place
Bromley could not find the track that
were so you spend what about like two
hours driving around get comfortable in
the car we got a nice coffee and a wrap
in Taneytown and then drove all the way
back to our house dropped off the car
Amelia and like Anna Anna media were
like look waiting at the winner going
are you
a writing however does it God we're
going now what are you doing you've gone
for two hours we write it back home and
then we go off again so now we're back
on my my regular starter track you know
I think we're on a descent home oh that
was fun I was ever actually yeah I've
never done this this child with someone
before this is the Merc my first day
yeah yeah it's not it's a lot of fun
doing it with someone else it's more fun
you're just calling all the dogs in
ticket Albie
watch out for poos okay is he coming
you gonna call him okay Albie Albie say
he's doing a poo did you bump your head
you all right
good girl now close the door oh seven we
scored a free dog honey right are you
gonna give them their treats okay
careful watch your foot
whoa oh is good okay give it to somebody
and say their name Bianca good girl
next one have to say sit okay
Oh new piece is sitting yeah new v's say
their names when you give them okay
who's next say sit Oh Cena good girl
yeah who's next
when - no no he's already got one oh
you're gonna be and I'll be oh my
goodness we're gonna have fat doggies
yeah what a day
I just dropped my brother to the train
station away over and a Watford or
something he said into Birmingham what's
that my brother's wife is from
Birmingham so she's over there bro at
the moment he's taking a train up but if
you took a train from our village
he would have to go all the way into
central London and then get a train back
out and I was like luck I'll just nip
around the m25 and get you out so from
Watford he was able to get to Birmingham
so Birmingham friends be nice to my
brother don't believe me just
yeah you make your own fajita no so
we're all tired and pooped I just made
up some taste therefore right cook girl
Amelia this is me out
Oh Mia hi Mia she made her did she Mia
needs me I've got some splendor some
craziness going on yeah you got the
disheveled look yeah alright avoid me
yeah alright Mia consider this is oh
okay well put me it's alright you hop up
here and we're gonna say my friends
what do you see them tomorrow don't
forget to hit the forks
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching toodle-pip
welcome to the age on vlogging that's
what I imagined those trainers to be do
you know those traitors were like Marvel
movies and something you don't really
even know what you're seeing it's just
like you cannot I have in a world gone
mad Hey look at the granite hope and I'm
Captain America little bit of an and a
double casting there I look at a hit
hard it was tour was open it is and is
there are mad mmm-hmm anyway thanks for
watching this video hope you enjoyed it
hope it brought some happiness into your
life give it know like maybe even all
come and subscribe if you are new and do
you know what jaegwan we'll do it all
again tomorrow
see there you guys fight
