hello no I bet J Xmas are you excited
have you been having a good time my
friends have you got your Christmas tree
off have you done your Christmas
shopping these are just questions I'm
asking people that I meet on the street
even though I'm not on the street I'm
currently in the North Pole and it's
freezing you guys thinking in a spot
asking what are you up to well it's
right okay enough of the chitchat enough
of the chitchat we're here for day
number 9
dicing is that 500 sides and as you know
we were quite a lot dual coding you
would like to enter to win and to trash
just like me
use the hashtag SJS miss and don't
forget at Jewel clothes and answer this
question what is your favorite piece
included and I've did friend for another
day or day 9 we're so close to Christmas
are we halfway I can't add leave me a
comment if you can add enjoy this video
presentation situation that I made just
for you
I can't wait for Christmas
the lights are the Christmas
good morning friends today is very
important for me especially disco today
after school she did disco dancing baby
baby she's gonna drive you crazy crazy
doing her disco dance she's learning how
to prance no I did not like your uniform
or your logo thingy no oh yeah okay
sorry
yeah are you excited about your first
disco dance yeah yeah well who you gonna
dance it Sophia really Charlie who's
this charity fellow what what Sophie
it's fine but tell me more about this
turn I was a Mario I have said way
donators - soy your eyes eaten on this
oh my goodness and I was like are you
kidding he said listen are you I am
sweating out through sorting through
alessia's baby clothes they've no still
baby but like her baby baby clothes like
her teeny tiny ones
I'm gonna put them all in a big cocks
they're in like a smaller one now but
it's getting quite tight I'm gonna fold
them all nicely
they're already washed and I'll put them
in here and then store them in the
basement I'm doing like a big overhaul
in the basement and then I'm just
labeling like crazy I'm labeling all the
bins all the boxes I'm just organizing
everything and I feel so good about it
like it's not even funny how happy this
makes me I'm gonna keep going with this
I can see already this one stain until
that one I don't know if I'm gonna keep
that one but most of this I'm gonna keep
just in case okay so here we have
newborn or like one month I think that's
also one month ish like up to one month
where is that 3 to 3
uh gosh I think that might be there two
three actually okay never mind
this is newborn this is newborn one
month this is 0 to 3 0 to 3 0 to 3 3
months or 3 to 6 3 months 3 to 6 and
then this is 4 to 6 and I'm gonna try
and fit it all into spots wish me luck
ok you may want to pause this video
right now and give me a round of
applause because I'm amazing
but seriously though guys ok I have done
a pretty good job down here because
considering I should have done like a
before and after BA and everything to do
those things cuz I'm an idiot
um but I have done a very good job on a
basement that previously did not look so
good so are you ready are you ready to
see my masterpiece Wow
so organized just don't look over there
actually that's okay this is just
suitcases here and that's stuff that's
going to charity there and yeah that
needs to be sorted out this corner like
definitely but look at this there's the
benefit price which will be going away
to some I think we're shipping that
today actually we've got maybe keepsakes
for Eduardo
maybe keepsakes for a media alessia's
are a little bit where it was for now as
well because just I know the size looks
the difference looks unfair but he has a
lot of stuff in his wardrobe so just
like don't judge okay baby girl clothes
they're all Alessi has all clothes I was
showing you guys toys that we just don't
have a big enough playroom so we just
kind of alternate the toys this is I
think Christmas yeah Christmas Halloween
I hate books so not straight but I don't
really care
that's baby stuff I don't know where the
label for that went candles intake or
Christmas decorations partly supplies
light bulbs puzzles crafts which I can't
find the lid for this one I don't know
did it break
Gerwin we've also got some more
Halloween stuff over here because I
couldn't fit it all in so just kind of
lumped it all together
do I think costumes costumes we've got
so many costumes because Jonathan his
friend his friend Channel unlike just
all this random stuff that he does he
needs like loads of backup bees are just
Christmas lights that probably need to
come down but it was from the Christmas
scene last year their cushions like I'm
not really sure what to do about them
because I don't know should I get rid of
them like I'll see they are curtains I
think again may get rid of those and
there's more costumes in there like this
is just more costumes and then like
loads of Jonathan's equipment stuff
which I don't really know what to do
with there's Christmas wreaths and so
that I haven't even put up in there so
that big box there is another Christmas
one I need to sort that out it's
definitely still a work in progress
this right here is actually as present
that we got for Amelia that she doesn't
even know about because it's taking so
long to move or like to find a house and
like move and stuff I'm scared that it's
not even gonna be like she won't even be
able to use that like she's gonna grow
out of it but I don't think she will
it's just like they grow so fast you
know they change year by year but I
think she's still like she definitely
still like right now would be interested
but I just don't know like next year
will she or like all of you to small I
mean I can't give it to unless yes so
it's not a massive deal but it's just a
shame because we did buy it for media
you guys remember leave comments when
was your first discotheque this is not
an ester the xmas question just
curiosity curiosity questions questions
Kira's also wins again
take it threads in their name are you
ready to collect our firstborn from the
first day yes I am the cold one cold one
when you open your petrol are like
diesel or whatever yeah pump fake yeah
oh god what did you do
does it just make pop Jim like do you
press it and then it pops um yeah I
think so cuz I always do that and I'm
stuck there like an idiot and it doesn't
work for the first like 2000s or
something and I'm like pressing all the
different areas of it and that's what I
was doing this time it looked like I had
stolen a car some things because I
couldn't figure it out and I was like
okay I know I don't do this very often
cuz my car doesn't run out a few of her
often but like I'm sure it hasn't
changed but sue and I'm like standing
there like pressing it eventually get it
open yeah but like try to like prise it
open and the guy and then I looked up at
the guy was like looking at me from the
window being like what is she doing like
it's like oh yeah so I eventually got it
open and then of course I'm trying to
twist the thing and it's not twisting
I'm like I'm a reporter no no I bought
the car right I drove it to the petrol
station
I think I remember that figure out how
to open release the petrol valve it was
some button anywhere I didn't know that
yeah just go home and like leaves if I
say no I was like really embarrassed and
then I was like I was gonna ring you I
was like no like I know it's you push it
and that's it like I know that's what it
is
like I know that's not there's no knack
to it it's just push and it releases but
I just wouldn't do it
but then I was like getting really
paranoid that people would think I'd
stolen the car we're back from the disco
oh ok air scooter scooter Oh Sophia left
are we having a dance party guys
this is do you know this is the
alessia's first Christmas Amelia did you
know that B I ng o last year I mean Lee
Alessio is in mommy's belly and now
you're here thank you
make up beat see legs yeah do you want
to say Dada Jonah say Dada Dada do you
want to say Dada you want to say Dada
yes a doctor but I got that can you say
daddy daddy what do you say what you
need to do and bingo was his name-o
thing had a dog his name is guardo and
bingo was it oh do you just go to answer
me to show you disco dancing oh well
Amelia that's a nice dance new is how
you're doing
guys might guys my friend is here it
begins with t Terry there what's in your
ear I was in a way all right first one
to make it upstairs to the bathroom wins
a prize
Christopher you don't put my green
survived so Amelia all the boys and
girls want to know what's it like to go
through a disco keep me tech that's my
monitor hello hello tell all the boys
and girls at home what was it like at
your first disco because I went to a
first disco but I can't unless you
remember how I felt about it
what was that well not really
I remember I I think I bought raisins a
little tissue paper filled with raisins
it was a long time ago
different era 1985 I believe so tell me
tell me tell all the boys and girls so
you went in and the lights come on
what did you need him all like turn up
no but that's what offered me came in no
closed down so let's go lights out yes
little and first the floor was read by
oh so disco light was spinning around
the floor was like rainbow colors and
everything yeah I know what happened
yeah hey there everyone just like run to
the dance right no he'll just just
answered and we had some lunch boxes
with our names on
did you get in a lunchbox wait and we
got to em eat when everyone picture
whatever you wanted you so you could
just like eat always in there like
celery sticks hula hoops and feta
friends Andrew hoops
add some water what's your name one that
is cool and then I'm heat the guy that
was on the state's that cheaper than me
there was a guy on stage and he was that
famous as well she said it was either DJ
yeah but he was she said which people
did the best that seemed to get them
prizes and it wasn't me I ain't any
prize
it doesn't matter because we got party
back yeah exactly
so what was the best part of the party
well there was no Oh does more I'm sorry
okay yeah they were we wanted Santa to
come so I played lovely musical and
santa came santa came to the disco no he
just run to Santa
I didn't Lucas I follow someone else
yeah exactly because some people just
Jess
some people just dress up as Santa Claus
and it was actually someone dressing up
then I got my face paint before Santa
okay wait
you know factor was there what I waited
Santa Claus paint your face no but I
just stopped my we just bought some
glow-in-the-dark paint on our cheeks
noise and who did you down to it Amy
Sofia and we hold it hands and jumped up
and down around Oh what songs gonna play
this a little mix right happy I got so
sick my god that sunshine in my pocket
and that that one the trolls on is that
we jumped up and down major we did we
actually like did pop against a proper
dancing yeah just don't be oh not just
jumping around like we're talking like
proper dancing disco but if you'll
receive it but we she she watches every
day oh say hi to her yeah bye yeah good
bye Sophia and friends if anyone else is
watching us apart from Sophia or if your
name is Sophia leave a comment below
ah and that takes watching video and
should they click on the subscribe
button yes thank you got a people
waiting and leave a nice comment and
describe how this fish looks like
describe Harris looks like so media made
her little Tizen and you and I think
some movie nodes of he might describe it
so race look you might describe it you
they might describe it as race because
that how much has bright with have we
got I think it's 1.8 million what
