morning friends mommy's taking the
picture cute you have a nice time hey
your nursery one monkey man okay what's
that what's that new hand mark you got
to show somebody let's go to school
bring in the coat we may or may not
leader need it the weather is a bit on
the wet is a bit odd today come on the
coat we have the coat in case you needed
a head side ok pricey no no no no i'll
be i'll be i'll be i'll be okay inside
inside
come on let's go your let me doggie
there like that I'll be out no first
I'll be going this that'll be coming
with us will we bring I'll be I'll be
what are you doing Oh V you want to come
with us he'll be come on let's bring up
be with us you can come let's eat you
Albie scootch over mister do that we
going to nursery what how are you going
to nursery yeah I'll bring him for the
drive OE yeah ok I'll be press the start
button
you need a super yeah he's gonna have a
house
well we bring them for the drive yeah
okay I know what did you think
let's open the gate oh that fine hobby
has one eye what happened to his eye
it's fall off did somebody take it off
yes did make you take it off what did
Abby say yeah you didn't like if he was
sad okay put your straps on and let's go
heading off to the gym guys all on my
own
oh wait oh oh this is usually where I
start my part of the vlog and then it
like drops but yeah I'm going to the gym
and Jonathan Amelia's at nursery and
Jonathan was just stay here with Eduardo
but then we thought why not push him oh
you need that oh yeah
yeah so you're like okay let's um let's
bring it right over to the this is such
oh I love this mirror this mirror is
like the skinny mirror it makes you look
WAY skinnier than you actually are
it's amazing I think that's why it was
supposed to be for his workout room not
right oh yeah everyone after million
comments about grow apart
yeah Harry like people are saying like
one in two are like a couple of days
actually makes a difference
cuz they woke up at 100 media woman and
she goes into it
did you have fun in nursery what did you
do wasn't amid us I hate do you have a
new best friend
what's her name Jemima yeah and you guys
a new best friend today you seem to have
a new best friend every week yeah did
you learn a new name is I'll have lunch
you got a paper Wow hmm
apparently that's to drive guys that's
the drive thing we drive with that now
you can do it too with me okay well
first we're gonna go get you you want to
get a go clock does the media want her
own clock in her bedroom like a big girl
so you know what time to get off at in
the morning yeah you want to do that
okay let's go get well really yeah in
this shop
and then you can sleep into like we can
we can fix it so you get up in like 10
or 11 o'clock every day would that be
great yeah
beneath of seven even til seven seven is
a reasonable hour to wake up at not five
go get her
that's a room what's that right in here
good you say Lawrence Hey look at that
spin around here hey isn't that cool
is that wallpaper oh how cool would that
be his wallpaper
I don't would hate it but I would love
it you can do that poem we need to find
what little clocks are and they're
somewhere what that is a lamp very good
that's not all looking for a tower like
mommy mommy likes those lights get a
clock yeah so all the build-up lights
and then we went off to dinner again the
delivery of the clock hadn't we made or
something said hey come back at 4:00 but
I mean so I was building it up that
she's gonna be a big girl never clock
and everything and then I know that I
was denied my so she got really
upset but I'm hopeful that she makes up
for a nap it may be it's more important
for tonight anyway no make you messy no
me no make you miss Amelia and we're
doin swimming
so I better get cleaning on the old
bikes but it's flying in tomorrow
morning and he's taking this joke out
and I'm taking my my father's venture
now but this hasn't been cleaned in
quite a while I am really yeah well
would you like me to have what would
Amelia like you want a clock I don't
know like a clock like this huh is that
cool
Wow an amazing sleep trainer for young
big girls Betsy look at the little girl
reading this story is this exciting
today yeah how is John like she's
getting her little white looks like it's
from the garden center grow all right
yeah this is tanked all your friends say
thanks friends for giving daddy an idea
everyone comes gonna buy this thing
knows like what is it growth water it
was like aha
all right
oh wow
the waters gonna like this because it's
electronic wow that's for you you read
the book
daddy will try and figure out how it
works I need this one just to see it
yeah yeah yeah all right let's see if we
can plug it in citing you liked it
yeah it's Amelia's first clock okay so
when the Sun is on that means that
Amelia is awake but when it's blue and
the moon is there and the stars are
there that means you have to stay in bed
so in the morning time Amelia wakes up
first I wonder will I go into it were
know or will I stay in bed and immediate
looks the clock and what is it if it's
blue what does that mean back stay in
bed and if it's yellow Amelia get up can
see white oh yeah huh we got this oh
this here you've already figured out how
to change the settings on it all right
yeah it's your clock your very first
clock huh oh you're a big girl now
okay oh you are a baby
yeah that's blue at night that that's
for today damn it
yeah that's your name what's your best
friend's name my love
Jemima yeah Lily a few days ago
now what's Jemima she's a bit of a a gal
around town Am I Jemima got a dress Wow
no you're around jeans today yep you had
a pretty outfit yeah okay we go
downstairs yeah let's bring all the
rubbish downstairs okay you want to help
daddy daddy has to clean
uncle Simon's bike uncle Simon's going
tomorrow
uncle Simon's coming up we're going he's
going cycling with Daddy
um I think you might say hear what it
was will you mind Eduardo no no okay
okay all right let's get to work
so look at this stuff some of this is
actually from our lessons this is Irish
dirt here lads limericks finest Bella
horror Mountain dirt buried in here I
reckon now over here we've got British
fresh British soil and also
squish-squish got a swap at this tire as
well real quickly I'm really excited for
tomorrow it's gonna be so much fun
provided the rain iPhone says it's gonna
rain a bit tomorrow little boy rain I
can handle storming rain rinse the phone
I'm really excited to like really
venture I remember name of the place
we're going I'll find out tomorrow it'll
be epic
all right that's do a quick service and
boat bikes wash them down let's get them
right in for tomorrow oh it's a nice
pets up pizza party party night that's a
pizza party Friday night Amelia Amelia
is wired Oh
what's happening here pizza party Friday
night you want a pizza party Friday
night you want to move a pizza party
hello there little man hello there
little man and little woman whoa man
whoa I'm eating your break it get down
listen to your mother don't ever listen
to your father if our is that a balloon
a balloon yokichi you're setting a bad
example for Amelia huh look at you
setting the example setting the tone all
right come on bad time bad time bad time
what you gonna do what you gonna do when
the bats filled up for you now or no do
you remember you learn to stand with the
old dishwasher okay close it up and see
if wardo walks away hey Mueller
situation that's right look if he's
building up the momentum shake come on
come by mr. it was very nice of you know
he can walk oh I see all right now push
me push me along oh that way wide oh
I'll help the steering all right nice
opponents I suppose it's helping
all right really say bye friends see you
tomorrow
boy friends don't forget the hitter boy
Bhutan
what welcome do to greet sakuni jury
bake-off today we're joined by Eduardo
Emilia
Jonathan Ana and Al me we shall be
cooking some fine delicate cupcakes
bread a Victoria sponge some rang the
Federals and a tasty tasty cup of tea
thanks for watching this video please
give you know like maybe leave a comment
subscribe if you're new and have a jolly
good day cheerio friends
