morning friends we got that we got this
I think he showed you this last night
we've been we've been busy photocopying
oh we got all the things that Landers
here as well I'll be here I was enjoying
this dessert your lunch box yep I mean
it has borrowed lunch box all her jewels
plastic jewels she was on the same hmm
jewels all the same you gonna help
yeah yeah I'll be here I think we
already said that you know what he'll be
I was part of mourning clear this is the
morning crew it's the morning crew yeah
yeah Oh mm quite the selection there
young lady
what you having for lunch Halloween
things mmm tasty what do you guys know
you're gonna have you're gonna have some
brush well that sounds nice treat
yourself to some brush you can't eat
that maybe because you're not supposed
to eat - just just put just saying maybe
it's cuz you're not supposed to eat that
got get carried we'll pretend okay mmm
this plastic Halloween decoration was
very tasty please like finola he may
actually eat it as if there is a small
chance is it chewy Emilia has a song for
everybody
all right ready go
one here I stand and here I fall like
the world gone cold never bothered
Emilia anyway
dan 10 and Dan passports gun this
screwdriver it screwed up in a passport
with all you need lads that was the
media's rendition of it started off this
is Sophie that the first intro and then
emerged into you let it go and then it
turned it in some sort of a solo dance
yeah I'm not sure depending all right go
for it
great the right way nice nice job right
you got this
where's the cross behind you
see you later Luanne we're calling are
you gonna be good
we're gonna go see lot to talk to
friends you gonna be good here me and
mommy are gonna say hello to our little
rocky friends who don't have mommies and
daddies yeah but guess what you get to
do that soon as well we're just gonna go
today to see how they're doing okay you
will see all the princesses see little
weirdo
all right so rat the or excuse me
they're showing us all the sort of
cruelty cases dogs that you take another
notch in film is prosecution cases hey
cute this father is when I say little
fella he's a monster
you know what stay away
that's bloody human the age of this I
would say no no no fella oh it's a girl
yeah I know you know all you so cute
goodness makes you quite good it's cool
isn't it
yellow Lake is off
so so hard when you come visit these
places cuz all the dogs are like so
upset and so unhappy apne I'm gonna take
a while for this one is a walk front oh
I wouldn't mind taking the bike up their
name cuz I got little doggy friends at
home you're so cute yourself Ellen
mansion was very small he got this he
got good bender swings because I'm at
the farm or something for Patty's know
how it is to have it you know you like
to leave a lot of girls with me yeah no
girlfriend yeah he's so cute you know
chicken at all in the morning you could
like stand Oh like the cornflakes ads
you know he doesn't lay eggs he's the
boy he's alright it's cool or SPCA's
shop staff or actually dogs
so he's answer you know he's clearly on
phone call at the moment hi hi hello how
are we doing no sure she was brought in
by somebody found
strike you actually should just it's
clearly just how fussy so I think that
have a little bread for moon just the
owner again for lunch because we didn't
do a date day yesterday in or I don't
have a date day with somebody else so
we're gonna go through this Valentina
it's just like Italian place always got
a one on it that's even better one
that's even better spot right outside
the door oh no ting you have a
restaurant to ourselves this private
restaurant business oh nice so the
reason we yeah we went down to the RSPCA
this morning they wanted to show us
around this we're getting their diving
we're teaming up with the RSPCA and more
of an official capacity and we're doing
our meetup and kind of a meet up and the
doggy walk thing we're kind of calling
it to her but I mean up if you guys want
to come and meet us but there's a small
little catch involved because we figured
out like if we wanted to do and meet up
in central London right it would clear
across the floor money to do it and then
it obviously you know
to pay to come and see us and to take it
to not accept a complicated till the
RSPCA I helped them partnered up with us
and we're gonna be able to do I sort of
hold a meet-up in Alexandra Palace in
central London which is amazing what
we're gonna do is that I think it's ten
pounds to come to the event but the 10
pans of your pain is not going to us
it's going to do RSPCA which is pretty
cool you know it's like it's such a it's
such a cool way to do it because like
nowadays like to do meetups we have to
charge because you need to get venue and
staff and management security and all
that kind of stuff but now it's like
we're kind of charging you but it's not
if 100% of this is going to door it's
pc8 which is really cool
so it's like by coming statistically
Julian's you're actually giving to
charity and helping doggy friends ever
you know that's pretty cool so hope you
guys can come and make it if just more
information or leave some sort of a link
down below it might be full of more
information but it's gonna be good and
you can come if you have everybody's
doubt
yeah it's really cool like we're gonna
try and bring all our dogs you can
actually come if you don't have a dog as
well and I will want to sniff and pet
every single friendliest friend dog you
can you can call me a dog but you still
have to donate and hand stores PCA which
I think it's worth it cuz I think
they're gonna give us a tent or
something yes yet which is pretty cool
and then you guys should come in please
so much fun like everyone's done you can
meet our dogs and who would that be like
oh my god I'm really excited now
hi hi there mrs. we're home we're home
ee OH
doggy friends children children come
gather round
hello children are you even excited to
see me
look at this okay where are you
what about you no nothing nothing huh
Oh Oh snacks
yes Cleo yes Cleo
we saw oh the doggy friends we found out
the doggy friends guys I almost brought
a chicken home a cockatoo deal or
whatever you call it yeah nobody's
called a cockapoo or something doo doo
de doo or this is a representative from
do RSPCA right here we know where we're
sending you for the weekend
Little Miss spoiled brat no nothing no
nothing that's what I got as well no eye
contact brought home some milk all
aboard
ready ready watching Spongebob horsey
steamed up horsie horsie horsie horsie
where was
excuse me color oh colors no idk oh yeah
but no they're like ID tie things
oh yeah oh yeah hello everybody I just
wanted to show you something that I
don't it meself right look at me no fan
journalist oh isn't it beautiful
I got this bagdana from the RSPCA is for
the big walkies and helping me on
picking meat off you know what I mean
I'm so famous that I get my own meetups
now so I hope you'll all come and meet
me and rushes at the turkey first of May
and not sure at the time you'll have to
check the description box and bring us a
treat and I'll see you there
this is the echidna VA people center and
in the video cuz I'm so special
not like newbies she got her tag today I
didn't but anyway I will see is all and
just so you know look out for the red
ball not the yellow one don't bother
with the yellow one she is she's trouble
okay
so a subscribe like this you're know and
they see you and it hurt you first of me
okay okay bring me a few presents -
thanks bye
