morning friends guess whose birthday it
is today hi Albie you six years old
today huh you'll have a birthday party
you're gonna go out into town we say
town you mean forest he's good at in the
forest
how about Evie six years old six years
it's great it's the longest child we've
kept life good morning friends morning
word Oh Rick's wait waiting it's a new
thing yeah I love you dad
wait what are you to pay there's a fella
says my goodness you're giving it wider
that's not Dada
you think I love you daddy wait wait
wait
I mean it what time she wake up this
morning what kind you wake up at this
morning five o'clock was it no open the
children I go up at five o'clock wait
wait
hey why don't just get up himself
it's like he's trying he's trying he's
getting himself off no no one's watching
oh he's getting older he's determined
you better get clotheslined if we didn't
careful
I know either Kevin Eduardo he's got the
same problem oh don't give up don't give
up Pardo you got this how's your luck
crawling is really like an evolution
Oh do it do it do it oh I know he keeps
getting up he's getting up himself he's
waiting till mommy gets here mommy's
here now it's okay mommy won't miss it
again I don't think it determines that
today's today does today's the day days
today Wow that is how did he surgery
just a second ago he just would like you
just started getting off his shoes
running around like a lunatic and he was
just like right this is it today's today
lies hope we pop and I just gotta put
one foot in front of the other
what oh okay yeah cuz yesterday take a
staff memory
our last night amazing mmm okay goodies
did it like a monster if you walk
Eduardo will fill up the paddling pool
yeah varta walks we can go in the
paddling pool only bird rider walks
oh my roof Eduardo might have just
earned you a paddling pool come to me
give me yeah good idea
gimme walking here to toy like I forget
a toy know what want to take my hand
no not baby mom I'm not a baby
you want it himself look he's determined
he's determined there's a termination
that lied
oh my goodness here yay it came that was
really fast I was expecting it to come
on Saturday open it
whoo there is oh it's so much better now
I feel like complete coz early like
before I just felt like I was engaged
again which I'm not married so yay oh so
happy after the gym again I literally
sat in my car for H what I'm here
hopefully get it could work it all right
as soon as the duardo walked ish what's
gonna happen woo what's it like
oh that's toasty lads not some cheese
and toast going on there that food hmm
toast you want to get in looks nice we
should put some balls in there as well
with me you want to get in yeah
which was so hard
I'm just into musicals like okay I need
to go get going and do this so hopefully
after my record I'll feel better but it
just feels so like sluggish it's British
and I'm having a bad day use that cute
Eduardo you are though you like that
you're paddling in the pool a paddling
pool how does one actually paddle what's
the actual term for paddling isn't
paddling when you're like rowing kind of
like paddling pool towels well you can
say never a bit longer I got a towel a
towel hmm you wanna paint a beach towel
but we're not out of Beach you need a
garden towel a car tent out a paddling
pool house he leaked it were new
I mean me whoa how did you open a thing
no he loves it like he's like there we
gonna yeah we should get a slide from
the roof of the house Shh taking it to
the next level fish getting some more
balls do you need more he like the balls
while oh I love the balls like she match
the pool that she looks cool imagine
meaning like a giant swimming pool right
last time I said there's everyone sent
me one after this video so maybe he did
it
otherwise you mean a giant pool filled
with these balls both fill the water
also be so much fun whoa whoa whoa what
do you love the ball Eduardo
are we on holidays oh it's windy
oh no that's you know you're not on
holidays a game has begun a game has
begun
ha ha no - colors ah that one didn't
work oh oh
bonk bonk so many balls no no no really
ha oh they go in there to get muddy oh
no no no actually took me by surprise
finished and it was actually one of the
best gym experiences ever because it was
completely empty at one point I had the
entire gym to myself so took a lot of
selfies and yeah I had a good workout so
I'm really happy better
no that was a successful lunch oh hi
there
we then this might have something to do
with you waking up at half 5:00 this
morning mr. uh-huh you're back up eatin
do you have a little meaning up my Crona
micros news whoa well it's kind of cool
okay
do you think maybe tomorrow morning
you'll stay in bed a little later what
do you think yeah disappointed to
diversity but Lidge
hello sometimes you ever doubt me of a
nice big steak or something I want to
have a quick snooze my general
restaurant I was heinous hilarious if
adults were to act as children sometimes
you know when like Amelia has no you
shouldn't think about what other people
thinks about her she just does whatever
feels right you know she's eating her
food she's like I'm tired I'm just gonna
go to sleep why not
imagine restaurant imagine people all
just asleep yeah just like sleeping for
just bill to the next day what huh hmm
all those up in there homey novel Oh
snoozy jacuzzi horsey oh this has been
cleaned up
look seriously it's just just out of
control out of control isn't it is your
cat obsession out of control what are
you doing overalls huh
this is a fast way to put on my overalls
it's a good trick isn't it is that how
you put on your growth don't eat the
overall
no you're not supposed to eat the
overalls
okay geez cut the holes wrong store
Oh Oh isn't a different one shoes no
don't eat teddy shoes no don't come to
me petty shoes what all that's missing
now are my shoes
hmm something's not right he's put them
on the wrong foot yeah teddy wrong foot
oat coop don't need it oh my goodness
no Teddy's got no coat Messer
so it's couple hours later we just had
dinner Tom's home hi and Sweden is
little monsters face what do you want
what do you want
you just want grapes so look at your
face though how could you a little great
monster hmm you little great monster
Emilia over here on the other hand has
been frequenting the naughty step
haven't you do you need to go again no
do we not him me Mia oh oh you're gonna
eat some of them No do you want to go to
the naughty step
under bullying no you have to be a good
girl at dinnertime dinnertime is the
worst time having children we should we
should get two houses right and we go to
a separate house for dinner without the
children wouldn't that be a plan huh
that's a little fun hmm you when the
dogs put you in the barn pretty good to
the barnyard eat it up a trough what
cinnamon it's home oh come on sit down
eat your fruit there you have to go do
you know do you want to go to 9700
you've already been there today hmm
what's ahead of all the different em
disciplinarian tricks oh thank you
random but thank you ah of all the
different things we've tried yet many
naughty straps are extremely effective
in fact Amina just when I tell her she
just goes there sits down herself you
know she waits here just for ease
why are these strawberries come on let's
go come on let's go
come on you guys sit down Nina
strawberry all right can delay the
inevitable treadmill yeah we're going
over here
Oh what right cameras going off you're
getting a beating for the sake of full
disclosure the child was not beaten
tracks were made empty tread
that's the thing you know you got it
that it's it's it it's trying to UM be
smarter than the child you know it's one
of the things that I've learned from
having two children that
you know I was probably raised at a
different time where different things
were more acceptable you know you get a
skill you teach will just beat you in
herself like that if you didn't do your
homework you go home and your parents
might you know he's physical ways of
disciplining you but uh try and use more
mental strategies I mean it's quite good
at it you know because she's quite smart
so she understands consequences you know
and here's the the age-old thing of
people saying like all we support the
kids me giving too many toys and stuff
like that you know but like you know I
don't really want to show like I don't
think it's like you know showing
discipline itself like it's fine
talking about it a bit you know cuz you
know normalizing it but not like it's
not so much that needs to be seen you
live in because it's not gonna it's not
gonna make anyone happy you know so hope
you enjoyed the video I hope it brought
some happiness into your life if you
don't press the like button and leave a
nice comment and subscribe to videos you
may find yourself on the wrong houstab
okay anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
