good morning friends I not allow you
messed up where's castle up did you
knock it over
yeah no she just messed it up yeah did
you put the horsey pets into the castle
no do you like your new horsies
you got another one didn't you talk her
name
hello when Ariel met seashell they knew
it would be a long relationship hello
man in seashell what's your name back
pain oh hello
Pippy Oh
bippity bippity Boppity bop I'm from the
deep south ocean hmm no all areas have
Irish it's Irish yeah anyway they're all
like like matey's like hey like they
make this and really Irish because
there's mostly like sailors Oh see yeah
yeah
I'm from Benton County buys me areas
from Betty do head when you're pushing
it
yeah drop departed and stares he's
having breakfast on his own just drop
the death
you're gonna have some breakfast team
having milk for mommy
your mommy's milk we have a breach we
have a break situation
no pick them up then pick them up
quickly before the doggies get them
morning breach and Warner breach oh oh
listen someone something didn't come up
we got new dougie Betts
Oh new bows yeah doggies getting their
hair cut yesterday justice be lost
let's go I'll be you can stay if you
want Albie Albie doesn't matter quite
what everyone let's go morning but I'll
get him on this leg I'll be open to
gauge that's what happens out he can now
open the baby day yeah let's go
seen this here let's go oh no to
Confucius this confusion ah what's this
oh no why are those present you are here
to cheat you treating his name
is that from the tire
did you see or know but how cute will
not look on his in his room like on his
ward oh yeah I know it looks really cute
so what's that you've got 20 pounds Wow
you got 20 pounds and what are you gonna
do with the 20 pounds your best friends
always help me here so I'm just in a
conference call thing so YouTube is 10
years old today
happy birthday YouTube hope given here
you know what's kind of funny YouTube is
10 years old today al me but I've been
on YouTube almost 5 years we've been
uploading videos he's not mad for how
this is the longest job I've ever had or
kept or light there right so yeah so I'm
going on and it's an Irish TV show they
just ask Anna can we come on today in
just sort of chat Abed I YouTube being
10 years old I was like yeah sure so
just have a little a preach at with
y'all preach useless we got a package we
got a package from OMA
if you take a picture for mommy I like
your little shoes
don't go squished into the corner yeah
yeah over here
oh you too my new shoes
little in the professional mud let me
down sir can you go into tippy-toes
oh my goodness oh I think that might be
fredwardo
yeah is it oh no it is for you bring
enough contain yourself okay
oh my goodness
what's that is there a cap careful you
know they're called Palace pets right
can you read like you're like please
read all of those things wrong you wanna
open it well we gotta go we have to go
though let me get back and after our nap
I mean
yeah that's gonna work hey what are we
going we're going to pop-pop lunch yeah
you excited for public what are you
gonna get oh look we're in similar shoes
look oh yeah we cool we a cool dude what
did you say thank you or me thank you
I know my look Rockies have no water we
need a water you're gonna ever see that
movie from a movie movie the money trap
and spice this house falling apart
everything goes wrong and it gets worse
and worse and worse but when the girls
like a full water in the morning it has
to go jail well it's a super old movie
it's water for the doggies
yeah the doggies like filtered water
washed up nice legs
apparently it actually helps with them
they're tear stains and it does work we
started using although Anna initially
bought the bottled water and I had to
put my foot down and say no not buying
bottled water for the dummies but they
can have pretty filled in frozen water
and it does actually help whenever it
filters out it does actually help with
the tear staining isn't that cool come
on let's go let's get out of here let's
go for a pub lunch
yeah guys hahaha I have no idea how did
you know not Jonathan wow you're so
English but I don't even know what that
means though I think it's their patron
saint isn't it yeah
Oh is he I think so yeah like Patrick
Yeah right no way cities like st.
Patrick's safer are they yeah yeah well
everybody drunk Irish pardon me so sunny
here today huh you go Rox yeah you got
lots of rocks
I can't one lock oh you're gonna save up
the rocks here is that the plan no okay
you want to try some this is like the
most busiest lemonade I've ever had in
my life try some lemonade No
this is what we came here to this
particular Pope because it has to sort
of play area in the back it's like the
food and stuff isn't that cool
Wow what's this huh I think you can take
your shoes off here if you want I think
you can walk along this thing look whoa
and then you have to walk along the
tightrope and then you have to walk
along the pole and another tightrope mmm
this looks kind of scary
yeah maybe take your shoes off okay hold
on you're very careful let me hold your
hand Wow okay you're gonna walk in the
Rope hold on
can you do it
are you walking the tightrope oh my
goodness that's actually really good
that's amazing immediate
Wow that was really good can you make it
to the next part do you want to hold my
hand okay take a big step across okay
this one is scary
this one is scary oh no oh God
okay that's um okay you got a balance
okay you got a hold daddy's hand okay Oh
daddy will put his knee on us
okay go step on this oh oh goodness is
it too scary are we seriously going
backwards down it's amazing
all right mean I don't even know if I
could do this Eduardo I was trying to
get involved don't go backwards you
amaze me every day friend that is oh it
gets deep in the middle it gets deep in
the middle it gives you mind just
picking grass you'll have your time okay
don't knock your sister off keep
grabbing onto the rope it's so good
McGinnis you go to one of those tight
wall gropers that does the Grand Canyon
or something try their hands yeah it
looks good I got the gluten-free chicken
burgers I came in it's like going
through Brad rather than upon some fries
catsup and I got him a vegetarian burger
or something over there playing hello
chocolate mister don't you touch that he
looks so tired you guys I'm not a
hundred percent sure I am a responsible
adult
yeah says children must be supervised by
a response just not not any adults a
responsible adult hmm is that
irresponsible no it's that kind of a day
lads breaking at the convertible SUV but
it is so hot today I think we actually
uh we got a patent we're paddling pool
we never got to use it because the
weather changed I'm thinking my break
attack today
although the kids do need to have that
nap time is it 25 straight Oh in other
exciting news um let me just open this
up here she's my kid and so how would
you guys like to come to a saucony
Joanie's meetup in London very shortly
what's that he needs to get in yet in
Alexander's palace you wanna come to
Alexander's pass and hang out with the
ciccone jollies and at the same time
help out some doggy friends sounds like
a good plan to me friends let me just
get some details for you it's not
loading him Jeep your eyes I would tell
you later
but as exciting
here it is lads this is what I was
talking about
I'll leave a link down below you guys
can come and hang out what it's the one
in London which is Alexander Palace it's
gonna be so much fun you can come with
over there to doggie it doesn't really
matter but um it's a good opportunity
for you know to help promote a good
charity and to come and hang out with us
because we're gonna try and do some more
work with the RSPCA here in the United
Kingdom and we figured this is a great
way for also all this sort of hang out
you know what I mean you can bring your
doggie will be cool to me the people's
dock your friends that would be like
I've always said like wouldn't it be
cool to meet up where everyone had to
bring their dog and then this sort of
like came upon I was like oh my goodness
this is a cool opportunity for everyone
to bring their donkey friends and they
like to hang out you know it would be so
cool yeah so I'm also a medial pray she
love doggy friends there's gonna be
hundreds of dogs there like she's gonna
be in her element like you don't even
playing where everyone's dogs and stuff
oh my god I'm so excited
yeah I'll link them below and the link
has been left and I got a super-fast end
slate here because we were heading into
Brighton and I gotta collect Amelia from
nursery and I'm trying to get my bike
this morning so it's mentally a
situation but it's and I could live a
palace but situation good either
Amelia would approve of that end slate
although her face looks awfully large to
fit into that little body but looking at
everything yeah oh my goodness Eduardo's
wearing dungarees this morning it is too
cute
let's see Cooper pairs out for tomorrow
you might not be able to handle the
cuteness thanks butch watch it give us
know like maybe no comment subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
