good morning Amelia morning weirdo shop
you're naughty
Oh some Native art is gonna say morning
friends all right doc he's the one from
groomers and is bringing them across the
road just one tree across the road but a
city street says that I come out and
help but it's kind of nippy out here all
right come here come here
keep me on your knees come in helping
you come on guys don't frown
don't drop by do you know these are the
crazy Bunch
I know I know I heard him crying like
have fun in the groomers guys you get
the mom fun in the groomers good mornin
sad mornin ya know are you are you
taking over oh yeah
all right I mean it's taking over guys
okay would you want to show them your
kitchen what yeah show them around the
kitchen
did you tell me what it was I like our
house what is your daughter's why your
friends daughters I can't hear that yeah
let's go just go up I go silver cation
McGowan
I shall my hello
right now hmmm
Oh - here thank you
he got a pee mommy said ha oh oh my
goodness I was like the most stressful
Drive of my life I was stuck in all
kinds of traffic I was like 20 minutes
late but it's alright I sent a guard to
see text I hate being late
their appointment the dogs appointment
was for nine and I started getting their
heart
it takes about 50 minutes to get here
but my mistake was I started putting
their harnesses on at like 22 quarter -
and that took like 10 minutes because
Cleo was up and on their faces Cleo was
stealing all the harnesses like running
away I was getting so stressed out and
then it took so long that by the time I
was setting off was like five to nine
and then also all the dogs were like
barking and getting really stressed like
stressy on the drive cuz there's lots of
traffic so there's a lot of like
stopping and starting huh but it's good
for me to do these things because then I
feel like better I just feel like you
know more like I've accomplished more
and like I can do more you know the more
stressful things that I do in stressful
drives that are doing unfamiliar drives
that I do I feel better about myself so
I'm gonna head off to the gym because
I'm trying to kill two birds with one
stone
and it's about 20 past 25 past nine now
so I'm going to get early gym in what do
you do and put them back okay
you need that deal you're not steering
you're supposed to steer while I was
pushing get it up behind right out
faster wardo so I look at these things
that came right I ordered at loads of
decals cuz there I need to see here kind
of they're kind of cool looking I have a
couple of obviously came standard on the
bike when I bought it you know and the
ones like the obviously the Fox Loxley
with the different items but I was like
I think they're kind of cool so I think
was like an eBay or Amazon tink was like
two pounds for like a mountain of them
so I was like yeah let's go for it stick
him online you know I would put on my
leg here
just got finished in the gym and my
workouts are getting easier which is
really really good because it means that
resistant and restraint and everything's
so much better after that I'm so glad I
went
just come up to 11 o'clock yeah yes I'd
say hey Richard eyes hmm you know
excited yeah I'm gonna kids out for
lunch
Oh cross on cross on Bodrum mm a bike
friend run our hell this is like my Hill
spot
this is my tank in place nuts are you so
much thinking in internal conversations
one day we'll leave this world behind it
so when you look back make sure it
matters you know so there's my song you
know what Sam like walking strong life
is gonna show us curve balls all the
time and you turn a lot of curveballs my
life no from a young age bullies in
school and then we take it out of school
and put it in the special school and
finally I'm liking again diagnose like
super bad depression and then you know
I've had disappointments in my parents
my disappointments of my friends or my
disappointments my relationships I've
had so many disappointments but you know
I'm still here you know people that
might bother you like if you greet
people that don't want the best for your
try employee down or international or
whatever like you know it's like as long
as you're living your life don't don't
worry about what other people who are
spending their time analyzing
your life or looking at your life we're
talking about your life as long as
you're living a life that when
inevitably will leave this world behind
you're proud to know that the chapter
the journey the story that you wrote is
a story you can be proud of and you
don't want it you don't want to change
it want that for everybody I want that
for every single review and I like that
I don't want that for you stop in your
bag
oh they all look so fresh I love it now
I'm gonna take a picture of them all
we're gonna go home okay you want look
so fresh and lovely and clean and cute
hmm morning again my little weirdo
friend how you doing hey whisking my
nose my camera yeah what's going on we
can pay off makes you off Jaime Mia are
you sleeping Eduardo's in your bed
giorgos waking you up yeah why no one's
your packets packets kept it
no I do you love it wardo this is one of
your best friend is daddy your best
friend Dada da say the name of your best
friend seriously nothing you know there
hello there the loader sleepyhead
hello there sleepyhead wake wake up
sleepy the head wake wake up sleepy the
head wake wake wake up sleepy the head
you can sleep all day long like you're
dead that song took a turn for the worst
huh you see me hi Bardo hey why do so is
that doing look at this little teenager
come on first day of school after the
summer holidays oh it's like the worst
day been a long summer holiday break now
it is Monday morning it's raining it's
cold you didn't do any of your homework
that you go for someone holidays it's an
exam year it's just it's not working it
you think maybe if you close your eyes
it'll be the start of the summer
holidays again but it never is
you artists cut Elsa oh there's no
messing about there
Oh give a oh you're good
share your toys with Eduardo you gonna
weave into a story
Dora the Explorer actually no it's Dora
and friends and city
it's like grown-up Dora does really dude
I'm whipping up some toys y'all right
Theo and these delicious but
weird-looking organic spinach noodles I
think they're like Japanese although it
says they're from Australia so I'm not
actually very sure but they look cool
and they're green they've got slits in
them so I'm assuming they're healthy and
they're organic so you're gonna do a
stir-fry and then put that with the
noodle it's kind of like nice and
filling and healthy at the same place
all right check this out in the last
month we've gained a hundred thousand
subscribers and twenty seven thousand
people unsubscribed the seventy-two
thousands is what hundred thousand
subscribers this month
oh my goodness but at Algoma guardo yeah
yeah is that good oh yeah there's the
thing about we are fourteen thousand
subscribers away from 1 million
immediate would you like a million
subscribers would you like a million
subscribers Eduardo yeah yeah no wardo
where's where those phone gone oh really
gotta know horsey
who's that what's her name mean
distracted here 40,000 subscribers to a
million my friends everyone should
subscribe
get your friends your grandmother your
grand and your uncles or cousins or
second in law brother that you don't
talk to that off and put every now and
again have holidays and stuff you meet
up and have a quick beer send them a
text time to subscribe it's a must
you're like oh my god you imagine a
million subscribers would that be
exciting look could I be exciting Amelia
yeah yeah I don't think it will be cool
we have a party we'll do something epic
we're doing something amazing sorry ma
hey do you walk holding the phone yeah
maybe
see see Quentin come here maybe he's
waiting for a million subscribers and
then he's gonna take a step yeah it's
not what you're waiting for is that what
you're waiting for let Mike come here
come on
Eduardo come here come here keep my hand
oh yeah hi yah yah yah yah yah yah yah
come here come on come on come on come
on for a million subscribers come on you
can do it oh your phones ringing hello
hello yeah hello yeah come on go ahead
go ahead
come here come here come here come here
Oh oh my goodness well that's that's it
he's waiting for the million subscribers
to get subscribing media save my friends
my friends see you tomorrow little
monkey say with me friends subscribe to
the Saucony
Jolie's subscribe to the Saucony Jodie's
when millions of 1 million dollars feel
like dr. evil
1 million Amelia this is madness isn't
it like I think it took about a year or
two to get like 10 has subscribers or
something you know it's just not even at
like a hundred there's no
I don't I don't even know what to think
anymore anyway I love you guys and I
love my family and I love my life
and it's partly your kind of respite you
got to take a little bit responsibility
okay you you have to stand up and take
responsibility for yourself okay because
we're you guys supporting us I'm gonna
you guys tune in every single day and
subscribing and liking and commenting
and favoriting and tweeting and snap
chatting and facebooking and Instagram
and telling your friends and talking
your family and just you know being
supportive and being part of our little
community and I don't even like just
being a friendly as friend you know none
of this one happened and I wouldn't be
as happy as I am today so thank you
thank you very much for being patient
and bearing with me and I hope I hope
it's it I hope it's a two-way friendship
relationship where I feel that you get
from me as much as I get from you and
it's even Stevens but if you know anyone
that haven't subscribed yet if we really
handy bd8 that'd be cool okay thanks
Cheers don't get the like video at
favorite video cuz that will be
