hello today but today is day 8 and they
say don't be late for number 8
well how exciting is that friends do you
remember your first years and was your
first years personalized because that
would be very nice and to enter to win
bread is very simple using the hashtag
SJ Xmas and at my first cheers and
answer question what is your earliest
memory I left it friends so simple and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
enjoy this video presentation situation
with me to see goodbye
I can't wait for Christmas
the lights are the Christmas
there's some elves in the kitchen and
they're doing something crazy they ready
it right oh you guys ready to see the
crazy eyes can you take it more into the
vlogs good morning to the blocks today's
a very special day white slavery
especially no where are you guys doing
today
fighting yeah what else are you doing
today after this and what are you doing
at school
your school Christmas play is today a
both of you guys are on stage together
how exciting one are you ready yeah are
you ready may you need to come with me
no come this way come this way what is
going on guys what is going on guys are
you watching frozen is that like the
frozen movie he got a little elf chair
let's see do you see it you see it look
at the lights little light show huh ba
ba ba ba ba ba Bay bet Murdock you can
join the light show
say hi last year no I feel like what
clips are always just a community taking
her upstairs for a nap that's basically
Malaysia because she has two naps today
and the other times I'm working or
trying to keep everything together um
that Nativity was so cute
I was so emotional throughout the whole
thing she looks adorable in this
disgusting fur I would have brought her
by the way but it was just it clashed
with her at nap time so I didn't but
next year next year I'm definitely gonna
bring her I think I'll be really cool
her to see her brother sister yeah and
then maybe one day you'll be in a
Christmas nativity his house yes you
will
are you gonna be Mary are you gonna be
an angel like a meeting yeah or are you
gonna be a star Amina House friend
Jessica was a star or an innkeepers wife
maybe eyes friend Sophie I was an
innkeepers wife and hmm I think that's
all the girls were maybe there were some
some animals as well as well but I think
all the boys were the animal which they
were really funny as actually yeah and
it worried it was a little twinkly star
he's only in kindergarten so we're gonna
go for a little nap now and then I'm
gonna have some lunch and try and get
some stuff done because we're going out
tonight I think we're gonna do date
night what a good Christmas movie we
watched a scary movie last night and I
was just not having it like it was too
horrific for me and I just didn't like
it so I feel like around Christmas you
want something happy and like merry
thoughts are good that's what we're
gonna do tonight
oh you know when um you get out of a bad
relationship and then you spend a lot of
time being single cuz you're like oh
don't again to batter I don't I don't
get hurt again and then you eventually
get the courage together to go back out
there and you know I'm gonna give it a
try I'm gonna go on a date when you go
on a date and then you use spark you
have a spark and you're like oh my
goodness could just work and then you
sit back and you start thinking I think
this might work and then you start
imagining your future together and
you're like yeah yeah okay and they're
like lonely and then you get a text
message and they're like yeah sorry it's
not gonna work
you're like but I I saw our future I saw
our future together what what what well
that's how I feel friends I got an email
I got an email about the house that we
just looked at and I was all like
thinking yeah this could work man as low
as acreage and it's a lovely house it's
got a lot of pretend it's not you know
it has huge potential for development
and we could do fun stuff and it loads
of space I think it like we could build
a pool and we could do like a cool
playground for the kids and here quiet
bikes this could be fun this could work
this could be amazing and now we have
lost another house give up give up
that's it
never ever going on a date again okay I
probably will go view her heads but yeah
it's just like so frustrating and I'm
back in the game and I'm like I forgot I
forgot how the game is played
it's a vicious game it doesn't care
about your emotions and feelings I
thought that was a good one guys I
really thought that was good one
I know Mallory a lot blurry anyway let's
set I gotta go collect the kids stare at
their mate test they all went out to
their friend's house after their their
play today you gotta be quick guys you
gotta be quick quick quick there we are
guys Wow 2017 very proud moment guys go
check it out we are in trees 36 3 3 6 of
7 14 there we go guys I'm so proud using
with you kids
that is so cool thank you YouTube for
the inclusion alright Amelia has
something very important to share a
mommy
are you ready media are you ready to
share okay are you are you ready yeah
it's a surprise Oh mommy tell mommy the
big surprise
open your mouth toot number 2 has been
lost she was having an ice-cream at her
friend's house and her tooth fell out
oh my goodness you've lost another to to
me there but oddly enough the first one
grew back really fast so there's no it's
not like there's two holes anymore okay
guys we are headed
or date night and the Christmas lights
are on there is some of them these are
just like the tree one wipe it would sit
down before and then Oh there's one
there oh oh the star there's another one
what does Merry Christmas and everything
I know okay it's nothing like
spectacular cuz our 10 is quite small
but like I think it's cute
we are gonna go and play in a while
Mama's game we're gonna see we have not
yet got a gun that we had a whole
discussion I just don't understand why
it's always so full even on a Wednesday
evening I'm like do you all have
babysitter's like what's up like it's
you know how I'll just put this to even
get a babysitter
y'all make an agreement yeah like the
way how is it that everybody has a
babysitter on a Wednesday night and
that's our date night like however it is
not are you
yeah yeah oh I would go for it I see one
I would go for it okay the lights ready
I would go for that Jonathan there's one
bench at the end death oh I think you
should risk it for a crest is he a
student there's two people there at the
door right let's do it let's do it no
Christmas lights
Oh Christmas line Christmas lights here
it's a nice I like this guy's got a
Christmas chain is one lucky
Christmas love ain't here we go guys
Waga mamas is it happening it's the next
clip gonna be of us enjoying curry oh
look at these end tables what's going on
Jewish that's not my guys it's actually
happening after years years of waiting
the exact event I want just give me
everything one of everything please this
is what I got for dinner and Jonathan of
course got his favorite are you actually
going to use them
yeah I can never lose ends and then pick
up this for I can't use them what I
genuinely can't and I have no idea what
were they
I hope it's Riley like a phone
I'm gonna start now okay let's go be shy
good now dont mind the window the best
smudges are now from the kids the kids
directly care but look at this beautiful
shiny lights how do you first enter
fierce fierce big bumps there dad
although I don't know why I'm in the car
all of a sudden I'm actually at home
with movies who's been getting double
portions of food or look at him life
they love it out the factory likes
beautiful right oh there's some more
purple lights
Jamelia would like that Jamelia I would
love that you don't like that did you
daughter I'm here down your car this is
old
I'm actually here in the spirit oh no
the Christmas tree heads is getting
ready for the baby Jesus :
Baby Jesus is coming to town
take the watch this video let's okay I
see you at hope if you at home I give
you a baton when you come in there oh
yeah wait till I lick your face oh the
trees is enough eat or I take me on the
tour oh sorry
okay thank for watching my video for
million times we wish
