good morning friends what are we doing
here yeah that's the last night when I
was putting in media to bed
did she mommy tell you a story about a
magic star and then mommy gave me a
magic star
did you bring it vardhaan
she was like and their daughters are
exact but she like kept it better like
the whole time she's telling the stories
of build up it Sam
glue eNOS the janitor she's like what is
this magic you saw a star was it amazing
you know Mr Man yeah
and some drills
no very clever yeah that's what that's
for
he's a clever little boy huh yeah so if
you wanted your perfume thank you
this is my castle Amelia's okay meaning
of the church which is the best on who
wins you win right did why does one oh
yeah I don't wants to have one - yeah do
you guys wanna have fun do we give our
friends one - yeah yeah we've all been
told we have to read books now let me
just get a little few books swear to has
the type of a book you want bananas
homie he'll be actually has an
irrational fear of bananas maybe you
guys watch him for years you know it's
true
Oh baby bird for breakfast having some
breakfast reading some comments and I've
got an important message to relay to
Georgia apparently your sister Abigail
has been working tirelessly and your mom
and your dad and they know that you are
watching the vlogs and you have been
enjoying Amelia and Eduardo and this
grand jury is in Disney and you thought
just how I would love to go to Disney
well guess what you're going to Disney
tomorrow possibly no thanks Friday April
24th oh my goodness this comment has
been left your sister as left comments
everywhere on Instagram and Facebook and
Twitter and everywhere and I couldn't
ignore it so let me have a good time it
Disney yeah what you saying what's hotel
you want to go back to this hotel did
you want me to email them back is our
mommy said yeah you want to go to
sorrento amelia yeah having a tasty
lunch lad look mommy and daddy are gonna
go ahead you wanna go to a hotel all of
them are all of those people coming with
us
there's so many huh do you know what
it's called Sorrento can you say
Sorrento right yeah Sorrento yeah it's
her mommy and daddy got married you
don't get married
No
that's where Eduardo was made I think so
no bees in Italy a little stop well we
didn't like that well I got new shoes
see today would you think the Fed
Perry's I hate them I like them this
summer where you can actually wear
you're not completely softest you're
right knows a little funny socks you
know I like that so what's happening on
our heading off on our date afternoon my
day to day date today is this way we can
go now we're back in time to put them to
bed and then we'll progress to maybe a
date night we'll start with a day
welcome to the hotel later on for
Amelia's birthday maybe no I mean yeah
if you are a good girl about the present
okay from the Disney safety do you want
something for dinner
okay you're a peasant get to be really
good over gone you promise to be good
yeah what yeah and look after it while
yeah what are we gonna do in the next
picture oh what's the media gonna do
when we take the picture next time yeah
watch it be the entry in this picture
yeah but what's the media doing in this
one what's the meaning a space like and
this one yeah
what's mummys face nice what's daddy's
face like what did why his face like
he's looking around misny no yeah but
next year next year guys next year guys
we're gonna do this picture proper to do
water beautiful machine there stay cool
stay frosty little friend
all right
oh there we go Guildhall middle-level
remember that lads you might have to
call the Pioneer later when we get a lot
we've gotten lost here before it's a big
old spot all on this ponen oh my
goodness welcome Thomas we've made like
last lap sometimes feelings always has I
wanted about the Mamas making a joke
there's no other mama
Wacka mama we finance like the mama and
they push the water speedily come on
walk with me walk up mama it's kind of
funny I think Jamie's place it's nothing
actually like you can't even focus on it
too weird like it
the camera is refusing to focus on it
crazy neck
yeah it is great
or to taste I was a brain tastes like
anyway I went old-school with the I got
a chicken well folks um I got a chicken
I got some polenta fries I got a salad
oh you did actually
you don't think worms let's see she got
Sweden worms
I'm gonna be like squid and worms oh
where did you get that from Mac how
could you show me show me where mummys
bag is oh hi Eduardo how are you doing
you put some lipgloss on today as well
lovely oh did you use that one did you
oh is that what I'm doing it now as well
Oh in your hair lovely I'm sure mommy's
gonna be so happy
lovely are you laughing hey you look
very beautiful with your lip gloss on it
matches your outfit he's up on your top
hey Hannah kitty
we're in Island oh we're gonna go on an
aeroplane we're gonna I don't know how
our date day has brought us here but
lads look you know she keeps going on
about what does she keep going under
there they're all here oh my goodness
good for you ha when I could just get
them on skip them on someone's
got--someone's me never get him off me
oh I cannot believe we fit in the horse
she's good right
this is not very Christmas although
yesterday morning you seen the vlog
yesterday she had she was dreaming about
Christmas so when she woke up she was
like this is not Christmas really did
she said once today I just added it so
it's fresh in my head I cannot believe
we found the horses oh my god get them
and store them although we're going we
like oh we get you a present when we
come back right now we to present
yeah we need to present and why no maybe
you might know like a ball what happened
when you woke up at bog where was it it
was under the cupboard yeah then you
screamed thingy
yeah really loud I know it you're gonna
wake water up didn't I and then what did
we do with the bug yeah we had to flush
it down the toilet new me
poor bug yeah
then it's gone yeah yes and it was
downstairs yeah that one's gone too
and what is awake - hi wardo hello there
welcome to my office will you be happy
this little girl in the world
my goodness that's thinking about
upgrading the old wedding rings it's
been a long time you guys miss before
you remember it started up how we didn't
get it and we upgraded biting me
proposing and now this would be forever
ever this is like the price of the house
surprise for Caroline
okay we are on the way home did you have
a fun day yeah I feel like it was Anna's
eh day ever was ring my cakes today our
very small I've noticed that you've got
a large Mauro you're growing you grow up
so fast
randomize are we going
I don't know I don't know Geils Paul or
something oh look
are you serious Guildhall that way and
Guildhall that was a red guilt all
wasn't it
okay we're going to retrace her I told
you in Iran I told you lies you're
supposed to remind me I told them every
time we should set up our own shop here
and that'd be cool
that's the Coney Joey shop we should
meet up underwater do you guys think
we're home hey everybody
there's my hairy children where's my
other children hello bit of a delayed
reaction
what present about you did you miss me
okay sorry dad I can't see I could just
be in the way to TV alright that's it
that's it give me any attention
we got you and Eduardo something don't
get lead wires oh oh after we looked at
the horses we got something else for her
like we got that into store but we got
something else funding so the even
Stevens but don't
these came free on over there okay look
hi dozen take these one day
now where's Eduardo and Amelia where's
Eduardo and Amelia what Eduardo
wait wait you have to stand beside
Eduardo okay this one's for Eduardo your
very own telephone hello little princess
Abby do you love it I take care of the
box for you
you didn't get it it's not for you Cleo
I take care of the box
why don't go until we got them even
Stevens now Eduardo stay away from our
electronical devices and we have now
reached a conclusion the start the
middle and now the end hello friends
welcome to the ends late hope you enjoy
your stay there are some lovely pictures
for you to enjoy the time at the game of
Thrones the time we had the teddy bear
the time Emilia noir run a thingy doctor
media funny looking at war oh I think
that's where was that picture taken
what's that now I no no I'm a a coach
definitely it was not can remember
anyway there's the end stage it's
fantastic lovely have a good time
leave a comment hit the old like button
and I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watch by the way oh thank you
