good morning fans where are we going
today we're gonna farm yeah I'm gonna
got so farm again we'll play with the
dogs and the chicks storytelling it's
like a special day watching some what's
this
it's the goose demand reduce song boom
boom boom morning right oh yeah you like
the UM the Wi-Fi extender before dad I'm
getting some detoxing good and the old
car her ballet you mean your ballet nope
so yeah a friend of mine Paul he's on
YouTube supercars London is his channel
he got this done to his or eight and he
said it made a massive difference
it's called carbon cleaning city guys
who come in here and about half an hour
and they're gonna set up and I'm gonna
carve and cleaned add cayenne and the
Maserati and once he makes a big
difference because this carbon builds up
over years and years and years and kind
of like parity affects your engine so I
don't know I'm gonna see if it makes it
be that's not that expensive IRA which
is cool so I'll show you when the guys
are here I'm gonna have us look for
ourselves and then we'll see if it
actually makes a difference you guys in
here from engine carbon clean and there
are detox in the car engine there the
beautiful Testarossa engines this is
gonna magically make it all better I'm
really excited to see the difference
alright you've been doing this bit for a
while now
gonna just give it a little bit we're
gonna see if it comes out the back
better but my neighbors appreciated that
hi wardo mm-hmm did you hear the car
those are going broom broom
yeah well cleaning the carbon edit a car
you want it done - yes I just put my
shoes on you're gonna go and actually
test the car Nancy with me hey what's
going on here see if it makes a
difference
hi it's not a look really pretty I like
your new top mmm I like the way you're
cleaning
okay
oh my goodness lights carpet cleaner
engines
Wow okay that makes a difference
all right so I'm back and now we're
doing this bad boy here like that I was
just saying I look at this engine they
look like a computer or something that's
so clean this stuff is coming out of the
Jeep here into here we're back at the
farm let me get your arm do you want to
get in there
no wait for baby's blanket word oh okay
mom you might have a snack for you hon
okay come on you got to catch up with
everybody I know real little boy now no
funny business anyway is that my my
crazy hair is and there's a storytime
thing going on today over here which is
pretty cool huh immediately come with
some we're her friends oh yeah
ya know ya
she just wants
hi you having a sandwich do you have a
new sandwich I'm gonna picnic time I
like your red boots
I'm and cheese oh no no this champ nope
mm-hmm did you get home sandwich yeah
is it nice did you get Amelia ham did
the boy leave it the boys coming back
though little piggy but look who's here
not just Pippin and puppet did you get a
biscuit did you like this hot there's
another one it is Pippin a puppet yeah
do you like them today your friends
that's waiting for next we're gonna
track their tour I ran into farm that's
gonna be so much fun
it's what you say you say Papa and Papa
though the cow says
look he's feeding their child laughing I
know enjoy you in trying a leaf in here
now
Oh they eat the leaf what's going on
it's like they're taking turns to get it
up there
you me yeah are they all friends are
they best are the friendliest friends
friends
oh that's a big one look at the goat
over there
hello goat what does the goat say you
know say what it was the goat hmmm what
does the Sheep say a gold canister is
the same you know but does it go take
yeah thank you thank you right goat eh
no no they don't know what a goat sense
that sort of sheep says go says ma'am
the official answer by that couple okay
Amelia do you want to drive yeah I know
I don't think we're gonna fit though are
you wider one acuerdo or don't take it
take it
thank you now why don't we take it why
don't it's right here why don't we get
written all right we're on the tractor
get over here
didn't you love me all right we're on
the tractor tractor adventure before it
okay okay you can see in the window
if you better check we're just stuck and
you're on the tractor five minutes off
you like the Figge you know are you
afraid of the piggy big and scary well
I've got you he's got a curly tail scary
little chicken thing I can't even see it
one finger
you see what are you doing what are you
doing
you giving the chicken your egg no
there's a rabbit coming a meeting I
wants you to rabbit bunny
look she's got it
she's like in a snail I think this is
the media's boyfriend new boyfriend
she likes younger men okay ready go
let's be careful of water okay ready
we are heading home did you have a fun
day we're friends oh you aren't you were
crying why you didn't want to go you
wanted to stay with your friends
Yeah right have we brought the book yeah
Tommy got above you
okay what happened there was that we
were just coming back and there was a
little rabbit sitting on the side and I
was like oh no it wasn't robbers like a
bunny I was like oh my god you know what
he was just sitting there inside oh my
goodness funny way I was such a fun day
out um just hanging out with our friends
and stuff I think yeah I think a lot of
those guys were on the vlog before a
while ago River our friend Jennifer says
and all little kids were there together
they have a blog you should check them
out leave a link down below it's called
royal moms there's just a lot of a
central London moms and that's pretty
cool it's funny that all the kids grow
enough together and I don't know it's
kind of fun it's fun when kids are
friends you know and then watching them
play together and then watching them
develop or personalities together and
then seeing how to interact with each
other differently as they get older you
know it's kind of cool and I hope you
drive through this video give us know
like maybe a comment and subscribe if
you're new and I will see you again all
day tomorrow wait
