hello friends
you look very pretty come here give me a
twirl give us a look at you
kissing look at you girl I'm just
smashing can you say I'm smashing
instead of focus no it was so cute what
are you doing
what are you doing crawling along with
him bunch of crawlers why no I love this
style of vintage Mickey it sounds nicer
in this can you can you sing us a song
do you see me something daddy Chuck
Chuck yeah
daddy shucks shucks shucks you know I
love you very much know that I'm so
happy I decided to have children you've
made my life so much more fulfilled and
full you know what you know you don't
sometimes when you come down to mommy
and daddy in the middle of the night and
you hit me in the head with a book do
you remember last night when you hit me
little book and then you said morning
daddy but it was actually like 3 o'clock
in the morning no no no but I still
loved you he still loved you he still
loved you then I still love you then huh
is this gonna hurt daddy oh my
gosh use that fatties guy it's a funny
word that's called a nipple no it's
another one no all right I bring old
bike ET bike down to the shop because
she's having slipping gears and want to
take her out but it's been doing it for
a couple of days now and can't figure
out the problem list you know you want
to go on Daddy's bike oh you having fun
with riding in the garden yeah well I'm
gonna bring it down I'll be back soon
I'm just gonna bring this into the shop
and I think something's warped in here
somewhere
the gears are slipping nuts yeah careful
careful you might get an owie
definitely don't stick that in there
definitely not all right we bring this
I'll be back soon okay
I'll be back soon this little bugger
doesn't actually get to go out as much
anymore look how beautiful it is because
you got it validate and then we hardly
ever use it although we're going to a
wildlife park soon that's gonna be fun
we should take this bad boy yeah because
I figure out we can fit actually
everyone in this good family car over
here there's no heat and it's so good to
have one of these yes so I keep it you
know I thought about selling a couple of
times I still think about telling
sometimes but it's so handy to have like
like I call this like a workhorse you
know this thing is like a 4x4 designed
off-road and it can fit bikes and people
and children and it's just it's honey to
have one of these buggers yeah look at
her white you know I know we do the word
oh yeah you look into the window
I'll be back in a few minutes so I'm
gonna fix the bike first and let it come
back then I'll come back I cut my shoes
yeah yeah exactly
plan alright bike friend is in my bike
friend my friend back there oh my
goodness bike ran back there everywhere
alright alright bike friends let's head
on down get you fixed up to fight TV
you can join your Sam on lunch yeah
watching tiny tots tots TV and you guys
remember tots TV when I grew up in Arlen
we had things like 40 coats
wanderlywagon Bosco we didn't have any
this kind of stuff so I don't know
anything about it you're gonna turn on
the baby do you like that Stevie yeah
all right you enjoy your summer on I got
bike fixed and I'm heading out I went to
the post office and I posted what I
needed to post forgot my sister's card I
left it here and it's going to America
it's just basically Eduardo's invitation
because um obviously the party's over
and she couldn't go I want her to have
one just like as a momento type thing so
the kids are going to 400
she's putting it right oh damn that's
why let me read you your book all right
is that your favorite one oh it was
downstairs yeah yeah it's from Oh me
yeah okay
ready let's see
we got surf in your eye did you do who
rip that I don't know was it you yeah
you can't rip your books though cuz then
I can't read them to you okay
that's not nice there daddy pig
okay let's hope that's the only page
that's ripped right let's read a story
oh my goodness nuts the heat today
seriously the heat its redonkulous found
this bench right like it says in memory
of Lily get the shadow right in memory
of Lily who loved this place I don't
know who Lily is but whoever loves Lily
and built this bench in her is a very
thoughtful nice person because this is a
amazing little spot I have found here I
don't know where it is it's by this tree
if you guys know it let me show you
right so I came down this kind of far as
the area over here and I just sort of
came out and I was like did it look like
there's some sort of little trail here
and so I followed the trail up a knife
and is random bench here but like look
around
like literally middles of nowhere I
don't even know how I found this place
I'm really happy I did though I like
this I like this bench
it's so peaceful it's so peaceful and
nice well anyway let's motor on I just
wanted to share my new favorite place
this bench
it's cool an aeroplane you see it you
can see it just wanted to show you guys
how nice this is
I'm having my lunch outside in the
sunshine under this magnolia tree which
I think so we took a picture of when she
was here actually it's on our Instagram
yeah that's my magnolia tree Zoey not
actually a letter generations of my
magnolia tree which technically isn't
even really mine it's half with the
neighbors
yes I'm having my lunch outside super
nice really pretty and then I look down
and I see this
lovely the dogs aren't here they're on
their wall but they're haunting me with
their little foods
daddy's knee went by daddy's knee and a
tree had a conversation needless to say
the tree one did you yeah
last time Minnie I had one too
do you remember that you have one in
your arm don't you you get an out on
your arm to see I like matching look for
matching oh yeah is that looks or yeah
it was pretty sore yeah but I have to be
careful because I have to take care of
Amelia I got another one up here in
viola and I got another one right here
as well Amanda my keys dangers that hey
you watering the flowers oh you didn't
such a good job you watering the leaves
you gotta get all of them done yeah
because it's very hot today
you gotta water at all yeah which ones
you do next
oh the grass it just thought it'll patch
there don't worry about the rest of it
just a little patch where is worth
delicious hello I doubt hey no
would you do you play ball you play ball
OOP
Neko really go pretty well go
that bunny paintball on my son that's
what he's no more water bring your water
and count over here I'll fill it up
bring the watering can
yeah I'll fill it up hey white oh right
out right out
oh oh oh they get you they get you it
was an accident
who is accidentally on purpose can
all right go for it get it up get it
look man I wouldn't I wouldn't do it
here I wardo not yet anyway quickly a
bit older and there's no stopping me
have you been John have you been trying
on the ground huh did you draw a chalk
in the ground yeah
what have you got there whoa wait I do I
have to climb up there oh good I didn't
fancy - seems like a bit of a ok I'm a
I'm doing a barefoot Brian here Oh what
hi I might get a lease who's the king of
the castle who's a dirty rascal
how are you out there do you ask oh oh
oh why not
I feel like you know when you're on the
beach wow this is probably more
prominent the beaches in Ireland a beach
in Ireland is sandy but to get to the
sand you must walk past all the stones
that's the face you making it like this
is nothing hello hello do we do with the
drunken sailor what should we do with
the drunken sailor what should we do
didn't concealer
early in the Marlon I know didn't I
early in the morn and Eduardo and Emilia
no speaking on the swinging in a swing
you know don't you like this summer
weather that we're having in England now
London I know you're a little cutie pie
dun dun da da dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun
Coney Jolie's Hakone they'll be game of
second release Game of Thrones who would
we be if we were to be characters in
Game of Thrones Emilia might be Khaleesi
and instead of having dragons she's the
mother of Maltese puppies Eduardo hmm is
it water a Lannister
could he be a Lannister and white trunks
no news Anna and I Cersei I don't know
if you have let's play that game folks
leave your comments down below anyway
thanks for watching today's video hope
you had a good time enjoying yourself
there's no comment if you would maybe
even a like if I have earned it today
I worked tirelessly to earn my legs and
I'll see you guys tomorrow but
