hi Amelia hi
are you turning you got to show everyone
your moves
Amina wants to show everyone how cool
moves Wiress got some moves what I jump
as high as you can chose your best jump
right ready go whoa
yeah you know now I do it okay ready
hook going now what oh now watch yeah
watch Amelia part Amelia Wow
I like the twirl yeah what I am watching
you what you're running behind me is it
why those turn oh no what if it happens
when you're not expecting it right now
GT you know hey I'm heading off to the
gym and it is an absolutely gorgeous day
it's like it's an absolutely gorgeous
day and time and a tank top which is
crazy but basically one of my nails like
flaked off or peeled off and I think
it's because I didn't put it in the lamp
like because it's my thumbnail as the
outside part I'm getting it redone after
the gym so I'm just going to try and get
a quick workout done before then so I
got this stuff for my mom and because
she loves it it's the emma hardy amazing
face am/pm treatment moisturizer and
thought it for her it arrived on
Saturday but for some reason I think
because I'm Thor was broken
we got like a
and you were not here like card thing so
she didn't get it on time so I'm gonna
post it to her instead so I'm gonna try
and do all of those things um today this
morning all right we're all here to
watch you
let's go professional slider oh my
goodness
Cleo Cleo you going again oh what's ki
doing Cleo drank live over like like
like Oh Cleo oh my goodness are none of
our dogs is actually beautiful
yeah their legs are too short ready
Cleo watch out what
do you like this wing sir
yeah okay I was gonna go in this easel
it's a fold away playset literally I
know did you like this there's something
wrong with trying to go in a swing
I keep going at it is it fun no just got
done in the gym I feel way better now I
actually feel like I can go to my
session tomorrow and not feel like an
idiot that I did nothing gets past
formal it's good for like two weeks and
then gonna lost motivation book and it's
got work I feel but afterwards what do
you want me to go faster or slower
faster how much faster the fast the
fastest ever you want to go to hyper
speed no that's too fast you want to go
to a super-duper speed no you want to go
to high dramatical speed do you want to
go to Snoopy do p-speed
hey no lets me do you want to go to okay
you want to go to Ireland speed I am
loving as wet arrives I hope this is
going to continue like look at this it's
like summer time it's so nice
I'm organized I hope this isn't any like
like since since this month's began I've
done 85 miles on the bike that's more
than I did over the entire winter time
what king of the castle
Melvin is wetter like you I feel fitter
if you're healthier if you're happier
what I hope it's gonna continue
otherwise we're gonna have to move to
Lake Arizona or somewhere where it's
really saying is everybody in Arizona
like happy all the time or where else is
sunny all the time oh okay I'm standing
on the thing
kuna coral although in there like was it
like two months or something out we're
gonna california california knows how to
party you need a city city compton Lulu
well I welcome everybody to the wild
wild west the place that's untouchable
like Eliot Ness so I just got my name
done or my nail done all fixed um so
basically there was a spot right outside
the door of the nail salon but because I
would have had to parallel park
I kind of freaked out and I just I was
right outside I was like I'm so stupid
but I didn't do it so um what I named it
I hope so I didn't do it came up here
parked on a single yellow line and it's
kind of like like that's a parking space
but this isn't kind of thing like I'm on
the edge of a you know like a road and
um I took road obviously edge of like a
crossroads kind of in like a housing
estate and I got my first parking ticket
like I've never gotten parked here
before in my life because obviously I
don't drive enough I'm kind of like
proud I'm like I'm not annoyed I'm just
like proud I'm like I'm a real driver
now I got parking tickets but yeah that
was really stupid like I was up here and
I was kind of like I should really just
go back down and try because there's
like windows like obviously the nail bar
is facing outwards and there's a big
window there and then there's like a
cafe or something beside it I didn't
want to like risk embarrassing myself so
that's why I parked up here but I really
should have looked for like an actual
space just quite tight really anyway
caught my first parking ticket aren't
you proud pop its back but I had like an
amazing idea where we put all the balls
into the trampoline and we bounced up
and down with the balls flying
everywhere you wanna try it out Amelia
hey weirdo you're in a ball pit oh you
gonna share your balls with Eduardo
wite-out don't run a ball that in a
pitch I mean yeah
oh and Cleo gets them hey are you
imagine with that ball that thing was
like full to the brim with those little
ball things can you bite it can you bite
like thousands of them and get them
poured in from the top and then fill
that whole thing up with them and jump
up and down I mean yeah we put the balls
into the trampoline and then when we
jump up and down the balls will fly
everywhere
whoo we do that okay come on is that
fine is that fine what so many good meal
after a hearty trampoline session hey
you have grass in your nose and you have
grass in your nose oh my goodness
what the hell ah it's not you guys now
where do you go did you sniff up the gun
I'm gonna die can see it blow okay let
you sniff up the grass oh my goodness
congratulations oh it's a big day for
you you know you'd be like pissed off
yeah wow I've never gone where'd you
park the nail oh yeah
line and there was a spot right outside
the nail park
yeah look because I was too scared to
parallel park in front of everybody
so there's windows yeah I just didn't
and then I was like contemplating I was
like I should really go back like that
was a proper space this is like not a
proper space this is my foot oh my gosh
huh boy shall attack Castle black hmm
let go we build huh is it we're gonna
like it wash what you're not getting a
walk out
well we go and tell him where we built
him no he's outside with mommy and the
trampoline in the ball pit by the way
this probably seems like it's a
continuing this is it is like half four
okay it's been a couple of hours it's
been lunches there's been apps there's
been all sorts of things and now it is
later on but come on let's go outside
let's go outside
Kylie you go up /yeah up oh yeah well
iguana no he built this for him he's
gonna be so happy isn't he Casa mommy
yeah a kilo getting happy oh oh look at
these two little munchkins look at these
two little munchkins hello my Chin's
yeah Kyra's attitude him he's painting
up the popos look at these two little
munchkins oh my goodness oh my goodness
huh if you had to working of one each
there and you got she sit five children
here
ready whoa whoa whoa you like this thing
right oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I like this
ring yeah this is actually getting it
going look I'm not touching like he's
actually careful of Eduardo me yeah oh
my goodness my heart media I mean it you
gotta be careful okay that that there's
a bit of a malfunction with that one
okay so we'll just move away from that
one
it's got issues look at her look we know
he's mad to go yes yeah that that kind
of looks like it's working now but it's
not no it's gonna it's gonna fall yeah
but I have been looking on the
Internet's Amelia at some wooden play
houses you can get like some playhouses
like wooden ones like the one in that
playground that we go to all the time
yeah like a wooden Playhouse a treehouse
with a slide and a bridge and a house
yeah okay well let's see what we can do
I'll see what I can do I'll look on the
Internet's and I'll see if I can find
one yeah we got swings and slides and
everything go now I have the cue twister
whoa yeah
the media say we see media saying no
this is being am a very outdoor
gardening summer spring time below today
yeah
yo yo yo see it's good to get your mom
get your mom alright you fer thank you
for uh for me I like and shall my again
I ask a garden so my exit mine
and Nobu I can't see you the key
here we are baby ah ah ah there we are
we say bye friends bah bah
say my friend's mom see you tomorrow
no be late ha ha ha let's pretend it was
such a fun garden summer springtime day
wasn't it you know the Sun was that we
were kind of just plain in this attic
garden all day long and it was so nice
to just do that you know it's like so
sunny and just relaxing and throwing
ball pits and I think that would be such
a cool idea though getting a mountain of
ball pits our mountain of ball pits
vendor balls and fill up the trampoline
and to build like I know I was looking
online and some crazy like tree house
playset things you can get I'm like I
think I'm living out all my childhood
fantasies with my children is that what
you do as parents isn't it anyway thanks
for watching this video hope you had a
good time hope you had a Hooley give us
know like maybe as i meani a suggested
hit the like button or ahead put what
and then gives a comment and a
subscription if you're new here and I
shall see you again tomorrow friend
goodbye
