running pads good morning friends you
doing what Oh getting the rusty pages
house
oh I see are these the rusty pages
quickly Oh your bag huh our doggy
friends are back yet
see ya chief hi friends you're back are
you wired oh do I know I'll put it over
hangover party thank you are you going
to ballet no you think you are and then
1/2 feet do it in chios voice
wonderful Kingdom boy your book Daniel
Poole oh do it as Nevaeh
do it honey
do it as Betty we put him down for half
an hour because we thought that yeah he
definitely doesn't need the full hour
anymore but he wasn't really lasting so
we went back to the morning nap but just
for half an hour he's wearing his new
leggings his new saw
I mean Fox my things socks leggings and
he looks so cute he's got a little face
he was rudely awakened by mommy I think
I decided to go to Morrison's in the
schools have fun and when they belong
she loves it so much and then I dropped
her at the nursery and doggy friends are
home and I decided you know what I did a
good thing and just nip over to Martins
because we didn't actually get to order
d etat oh I am home
silence falls upon the courtroom neo and
Xena hey guys so funny
wind out so much trouble right Danny pop
you saying it he says I get there
hey not care about it now say dip dip
dip dip
that looks nice
no sweet potato then those nuggets are
so good they're like dairy free gluten
free chicken free almost I got somebody
a skater so good I love that ass oh oh
oh no oh no your finger if you want at
tasty cup of tea I'm gonna reenact it
there I don't write this wash me and
milk this is what you get in here
there you go lovely and parted in the
middle is it cut the other part it not
actually that I don't know but hit me
just do it normals
here my god no I'd like you Ellis
yourselves it down or cut off Oh down or
off did you have fun in nursery today
well I don't live it you got water in
your packet did you wash all the animals
yes you say goodbye to all your friends
yeah well you what would you play
outside yeah was it a fun day
oh we take your ball off yeah what you
can't sit there you guys sit in Amelia
seat what oh you sitting there okay you
stay there that's your spot this ish
yeah I don't think so little munchkin
you hop like a little bunny in Val 8:00
this morning
you remember and then what did you say
after you hopped did you jump jump-jump
little bunny
daddy jumped like a little bunny two
parents participating about it as well
no where you going we gotta go inside
where's weirdo
what you want to go in the slide let's
fry it is swell like it's like
everything going all the kids I can't
believe isn't something we have to do
meetings and stuff just always seem to
end up on Mondays on Fridays yeah it's
like if we just if you get that one it's
like things are solved build up to that
one day and then you find it like
Tuesday's for example there's nothing
ever happens that I choose day is that
you just like kind of day you know
although now I'm jinxing like Tuesdays
they're gonna be stolen from me I'm
having it to get my nails done because
I've decided to bite the bullet and try
shellac for the first time like properly
I think I've done it myself
well I've done like gel nails myself at
home not sure for like they do they last
for like two to three weeks so I'm gonna
try it out and see how it goes I'm gonna
get and I don't know what color to get I
kind I just want to get right I was like
a classic color to start off with um
both see cuz I know like a lot of people
that go every two or three weeks and
their nails always look amazing and mine
look terrible
so I need to sort this out hello do I
look like a professional cyclist I went
and picked up some a new cycling foolish
testes faster that apparently so Brandis
glasses right one of the things near
mountain biking I got that's cuz it's
safer apparently stuck you know I'm
gonna fly two eyes it's able to have
them I didn't want to look like a douche
bag with sunglasses on so I got these
jokes in a bike store and then the guys
in yeah they're cool because when you go
in sometimes you're like mountain biking
you're off and it's really sunny but
they need duck dropping into a forest
and it's like pitch black and you can't
see anything well these jokes they light
them up like they just walked in here
and it's like really bright in here
yeah it's brighter in here what the
glass is not that's Nana I got some ass
some biking
and I was like oh my god you look like a
cyclist hi hi I'm a cyclist hi cycle
things
oh yeah it's pretty cool isn't it
exciting to go like this stuff the
really good stuff I have is all winter
bass I don't really have any really good
sort of summer bass stuff like cuz I
wish she'd invest and stuff I am I like
to slowly get into something you know
was like I had my heart tail for a while
and then I just like use shorts and
t-shirts and then eventually worked up
to getting like some good clothes and
then eventually getting the full
suspension and now eventually getting
this over the course of nearly 2 years
you know coz if it if you jump into
something and you buy everything before
you even done it there's a good chance
you'll fail because you're just you're
just you're like what's that word you're
like asking for yourselves about you
know where did you get it slowly all
right let's do let's say 10 15 miles on
a bike a little bit I do exersice eyes
and boom we are ready to eat an easter
egg amazing I'm kicking myself that I
never I didn't actually OPI gel would be
stronger so I got my nails on tellus I'd
love this this is coca-cola Rhett I just
think they're so like perfect and it's
amazing that you don't have to
understand like an idiot but it's
amazing that you don't have to wait for
them to dry like I just can't get over
that like I pump my foot pops on and
like my toes are done and they last for
six to eight weeks which is amazing so
really cool Oh leo oh god oh
guys leave comments down below honestly
no shopping run so anything you want
leave a comment and we're added to the
list
a couple of Easter eggs that's a
possibility
what's going on well he's going on well
do you eat what have you been eating
you've been eating crisps you've been
eating crisps Clio feel free to walk if
you went so I am making some karma which
is like look at these non Reds Waitrose
coriander and garlic man's kids again
knees right it's coming along nicely the
chicken with the vegetable pals
vegetable pals there are vegetal enemies
their vegetable pals from be confusing
their vegetables in the vegetal enemies
element leave good good you man I'm not
sure he was there and now he's over here
I wonder did he walk he's upset he's so
cute look is it like you know yeah we're
talking about you our children's thank
you to me me me geez
no is that Sophia you love Sophia yeah
yeah hello yeah yeah yeah I feel so
proud after watching a little bit of
Amelia vlogging like seriously I had no
idea that she actually did that like
when I got to grab the camera offer I
didn't actually look back at her footage
and then just when I was editing it
there I watched it and I was like oh my
goodness like she proper went in and
she's like Mercedes and then when she's
at the tone is like I'm gonna carry you
over here it's the bed and like oh my
God if I hadn't come in and I actually
got her like she might have just gone
through the entire room and she actually
held it off and everything I feel really
proud of her and she realized at all I
was given it look a special end slate
just for media with her cat toys oh my
god let the best nor whatever I feel so
proud like - we've all I've logged her
birth and we've logged her life so far
and then she's picked up the camera and
she's like directly talking to you not
through me that's just madness isn't it
oh my goodness anyway thanks for
watching says y'all did you imagine like
any future the media and Eduardo like
vlogging away like taking the camera
like myself an autograph
nighters of mine I like the tutor I'm
just like vlogging we'll take it up to
our - huh it's madness like this is
crazy
hey thanks for watching this video give
us know like seriously give us a like
give us a comment subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you tomorrow start that
lads
