ready for a party little man are you
come this way absolutely I come this way
means length thickness piss what's going
on I'm waiting for you waiting for you
Amelia do you love it do you love it
it's Mickey Mouse come on in come inside
yeah you can be Minnie and did you see
it where are those chair cuz he's the
number one Wow Wow
get on wardo people are they coming hey
wait alright this is the party there's
no one else going oh my goodness word oh
look at your place the balloons have
arrived
yeah thank you chris is here take some
photographs oh yeah and we've got some
fancy China that's what you wanted a one
year old birthday party you need fancy
China yeah isn't it so cool-looking
though isn't it cuz I thought we did the
tea party thing for is always birdie
right and then we did the tea party
thing on Easter is Stefano and we're did
the tea parties then we're like living
in England we should do like fancy tea
parties it's good do you want one with
him at where you oh I get one where no
can I get a picture thing oh look I'm
dressed appropriate right you want one
of the three of us
Wow I don't know I'm going to be a
picture with you McGee's at the counter
shoot just sitting on skin here trying
to eat the cake oh don't touch top due
dates dedicate um
like this again I literally left her
Kermit came back
you can steal the cake okay check she's
like favorite yeah
like aha Oh No thank you I didn't like
it
she's so funny yeah weird biscuits but
at the little sandwiches they're so cute
what are you missing cute look at these
oh yeah and I picked up these this
morning from a cook dude I was like
because we knew all they have is like
canopy comes up and I was like he's a
little bit partial pretty kids oh yeah
totally forgot bad news the fancy castle
guys came this morning but unfortunately
I look it stopped now oh oh well we got
it was lashing away when it came this
morning then they're like well we can't
turn this thing on why it's raining
because it's like you know I mean it's
generator to pump it up so they're like
oh we can set this thing up we don't
have to try it afterwards but they've an
hour to do that and then oh Linda grant
us we tried it you put it on so I was
like all together then but we have the
trampoline in the swings at least so
that's always cook food to get more food
so like it might turn into an indoor
party police we have the most amazing
blue never that's pressures on now my
sister just had her baby this morning a
baby girl oh my goodness pressures on
for us she's the first one of us all to
have three kids because my brother has
two kids I have two kids my little
sister's pregnant with her first child
I'm my older sister July her turn child
night Anna we need to catch up
Swach zoe park you bringing the tone of
the video take it stratified okay have
you ever been to a fancier kids party no
huh for a one-year-old do you think yes
are they is a hundred a a 500 pound
deposit for a coat yeah that's my finger
when people say write English in our
Britain
I'm not gonna English I've seen you how
can you not know what Yorkshire pudding
is Jonathan no no I watched that and had
to pause it did you say what's this and
hold up don't you put it boys are brave
lad or it wasn't I was like oh I might
take I didn't eat it
did you eat it no part of a race sing
yes I know you're going in it and then
load it make you laugh together Ken yeah
everything into a head shop as well what
the hell of it doesn't match up with
anything no sir did you hear one oh yeah
a meteorite you're taking one into the
toilets how would you do you eat them in
the toilet that's what you might have to
rethink ontology you should be putting
hot oh no make me want to take you
around go yes New York well look we're
gonna go you brought me down
I got an easter egg yeah morning again
my little friendlies friend it's your
party buddy friend it's your birthday
party yeah oh oh oh
oh you got that is that you got anything
oh no I love you and I had you exact
you'd better command doesn't I hate
everybody
mm-hmm not everybody's here yet don't
pass up a pond it's a funny thing about
a one-year-olds party
it's like Amelia now because she goes to
nursery and ballet and stuff like that
she actually has loads of friends and
we've got friends with kids at her age
but then it's kind of not fair because
then it turns into Amelia's party and
you have to stop it from turning into
Amelia's party and keep it as Eduardo
Sparty so we can't really invite a lot
of Amelia's friends and stuff so it's
Mimi an adult party with a hint of
children ha huh but it's your party it
why don't you your party you need is a
like Evelyn proof one's gonna give you
smuggles and huggles uncles aunts models
oh she is uh-huh what'd you get okay
thank you thank you yeah but you should
we bring them over to Eduardo should be
maybe bringing to Eduardo yeah give her
water the card look why tell from Uncle
Simon yeah ah Dylan wrote it I didn't
wrote it look he's trying to kiss Mickey
you wanna give me kiss
you can open that one now
oh you know as I hear wow a little boy
and his name I love these looks okay
looks like him a bit so it's just like
right at the end look it says I think
it's getting cake on it right now
Oh why it was an accident just like all
right I'll be fault Eduardo Marteau you
never told me you brought a book out
what it's a really really big one I mean
II asked you how long it didn't take a
while because it's loosen up like
individual pieces yeah I can see that
big one ha ha can you come in here can
you bring it over here
carefully strike whoa that's a big
present
please that's a big present in media
wide oh look at this one you're gonna
open any media
one day
Eduardo put the paper I mean it what is
it what's mine
what is it'll open it Gabriel wait no I
know no there's a camera when we're good
at this thing it's monstrous oh that
would be advanced a castle ring running
back to bed sand castles me believe you
can air it castle now
hello you have a small bomb or a big bum
bum front of me Wow
what did she say III not have a yeah I
have a big bug I have a big bum
cuz I went on this life Jake's always
boss night I literally realized I don't
fit but if you lift one leg up your bum
slides but it's so fast literally it's
terrifying
you dig
you ready go what you want to go what
Jojo Eduardo is trying Marmite for the
first time you like it what's his face
no pressure
oh I'll be there do you think but he's
like why are all these people looking at
it yeah yeah we got sleep pulling the
red started me out like I know if when
you leaned in he was all like no I think
he likes it
I think he just likes Caroline
Nikki's I the moment yes here he's oh
yeah do you like that you like a window
you like that word oh you like that word
oh here we go huh oh he looks so grown
up a little shirt
so I've got going go on come on come on
come on you hey eduardo come in yep yep
do you like you're doing it now oh it's
getting serious now come to the one you
love okay okay I'm letting go like oh
all right we're gonna build the castle
we gonna build a castle yeah I told you
I build you a castle huh I knew it
all right let's get together we're gonna
do as a team together yeah yeah yeah
no anyone know a little happy buddy
tada we built it do you love it so
cool-looking it's got a draw a bitch
actually works that's got a Janet which
is off you having trouble there good job
finished just start talking
just don't touch it it's got it back
door opens and closes we're putting two
people in here kolyada
it's got a lather break in with it this
is Castle black you know why though this
is your present from outfit oh my
goodness
I'm Jessica Ron take a step you can get
it again go to the table what are you
doing what are you doing come on you had
them they're coming in the stairs that
you had a
are we such a good one you took a step
yeah anything for lazy the question card
alright sorry can you please come back
you second-guessed it come on come on
you can do it go on take the step one
big step forward oh oh come on
alright we're taking a pizza party to
the next level look at this monstrous
amazing feature oh my goodness I mean
are these all for you yeah so many
pieces all right we're gonna get edge
we're gonna stuff our faces repeat this
I mean you know what's tape my friends
know Alfie's I'm a banana pizza in a
pizza call my friend Mike Riley my
friend hope you enjoyed our birthday
party we'll see you tomorrow
say bye friends thanks for coming to my
party Wow
the most important things in life are
friends and family and we realized when
you get older is the friends that you
choose the good friends that you choose
you know they're kind of like are your
chosen family you know you don't really
get to choose your family you just kind
of like thrown into it but you'll go
ahead in life and you'll make friends
you'll lose friends but every now and
again you'll find a friend that you feel
like this is a good friendship this is a
good friend and then they become your
family and they become your chosen
family you know and it's really cool you
know and we've been in England nearly a
year and the people that were at our
party today or people that are good
friends of ours you know and I really I
really appreciate their friendship and I
love that they love my kids and stuff
but I love you guys and I appreciate
your friendship and yeah that was that's
the message of today thank you so much
for watching today's video hope you
enjoyed it give us know like maybe a
little comment and I hope you've enjoyed
this extra minute that I put in the
videos see you guys tomorrow but
