wanting friends missing morning friends
I look at this day she's off to school
no no come on we gotta go in Daddy's car
but look at her look at look at your
little booties and your little backpack
it looks so cute don't you we're gonna
daddy's car ya know my daddy's car he's
and daddy has to go other places is that
he's getting an x-pipe install today
what yeah that car
Oh mommy's going to get the
hairdresser's and then she has some
other meetings and stuff today so
daddy's gonna bring you to school oh my
god Erica are going into London City
mommy's got business meetings and hair
appointments shopping probably let's be
honest I don't know she's gonna look
after Eduardo maybe maybe you never know
all right I'm back home I got rid of
their mozzie lights inside they've
traded in for this amazing machine here
check this out citron I think it's a 1.6
liter rocket ship starts up once though
well I'm gonna go look I don't probably
love it like look at the size of the
thing it's like tinsy winsy tinsy winsy
surprise my god like Oh does that mean
that the car is a high-performance car
no no sorry sorry about that
you're gonna do the skinny y- okay right
he's a one year old when you're old when
you're older than tiro
soon we have a win your own the
three-year-old you know it is getting
like you might be this year's wedding
picture yeah no we usually like to do
they all of our wedding anniversary
because they're I have that stupid stock
photo in my room you know I mean it's
like stock that was like oh yeah wait so
we're going in to the train station I'm
just dropping my mumsy and then I have a
hair appointment because I need to look
somewhat presentable for tomorrow who's
that who's that you got a little rabbit
rabbit how do you feel do you feel like
a big boy today you feel a bit older hmm
no I don't want it any BM misconception
about um the kids and their to Walker
and like that you know I'm not trying to
like force
Edoardo to walk I saw some people say no
clarity for seem to walk except for that
and all this crap you know it's like
it's like they all learn at different
stages and something and I'm just like
encouraging you know to me there's no
competition like if he doesn't walk till
he's 5 years old I'll be concerned but I
just try to encourage them with
positivity what what you can't have
everything you can have half the things
here you can have this book but you have
to walk for it what an absolute
nightmare I literally drove her in this
bloody car park for ages do this crap
parking job under pressure cuz everyone
was like on top of me there's like no
spaces in here seriously you're lucky if
you got one I reversed it again because
I'm like on a reversing kick but this
poor person is not going to be able to
get into the
all right well they will but I can
barely get out oh I'm so bad at this but
like it's just so hard
anyway I'm gonna grab some quick lunch
and then go to my hair appointment
I'm nervous because I just biked okay
great a little bit of time because I had
some work to do and then I kind of run
out of time so I'm just gonna try and
get a quick mountain task cycle in
because I got a connected meeting up
from school seems like a good time an
hour but not really
when a what you want to pick one of
these little fellas oh no no a little
fella
take you out you've been chosen weep in
town oh no I need to get this thing
serviced before my brother heydo throws
flying over when I conquer a mountain
he's gonna take out this guy who says to
Hannah is a handy thing about having two
of them is that you have wonderful
guests the guests bike but um didn't get
a good on my friend let's go
did you have fun at nursery yeah did you
play with all your friends and peppa pig
mm well that's very nice anemia don't
tell mommy is that not for mommy
it's Aphrodite and what else did you do
when you were there did you play in the
playground yeah why no soon the
hoovering
Anwar dough has torus now now that he's
won a tea or one edoardo you have chores
to do okay it's were no presents we have
to wait levar does party the burners
having a party
yeah his birthday yesterday and now he's
gonna have a party soon there's going to
be presents it's gonna be a balancing
Castle there's gonna be balloons don't
tell him
say say Kunis
oh my goodness I raced there nightmare
and I'm like a lunatic mmm-hmm wait
there's I got in ten miles that was
pretty good
ten miles huh yeah this is what my hair
looks like you probably can't even see
but it's basically the same as last time
but this time I got it cut I think I'm
gonna keep it this length I don't have
set up like a million times now but I
really like this length what are you
having
you're having cookie go oh no yep II
doodles these cookie dough your favorite
daddy doesn't like cookie dough did you
know that
okay not too much just a little take a
little piece take a little piece you
love it
yeah you love it honey you see like she
used to get hug and ask cookies and
cream and it she'd pick out all the sari
I come back and we just I was just
basically come back to a top of vanilla
ice cream and I thought where's all the
cookie dough should have picked it all
out this way just by like ever ever you
get out what you bought like a roll of
cookie dough and he just like chocolate
Oh baby Rob those are the days look at
this little monster I wonder where she
gets that from
oh come on upstairs to the clubhouse
Eric a pup house come on in then come on
in
Eric I'm at the Queen today hey what you
say here you just count upstairs you
have to go ahead and stairs now Erika
make up your mind can you
Danya we're know you're up there look at
all this word oh look what we made we're
making we're making puppets
we're shredding huh we shredding our
shreddies are we shooting our shreddies
huh come on I'll have to get answers
dinner's ready
huh oh we're just in a spot of shredding
I don't know if you guys actually do
that but um it's really important for
your own data protection to not row like
you know n em yeah bank statements and
all sorts of stuff it's really important
to em to shred them it's really easy
shredders not that expensive it takes a
few minutes just to shred your stuff
down and then sort of an recycling bin
or whatever you do to dispose of them
just you know
right mister shall we go shall we go get
some dinner mummy made us ha I think
mommy made us some prawns ooh
prawn pasta I know I took his pants off
Oh YUM nice Amelia you like porn pasta
unique prawns and pasta Erica this no
Erica likes calamari in your pub he took
his pants off it's puddings I'm hoarding
what do you have any media what do you
haven't oh don't know what they're doing
there what do you want
what get them down
no you have to earn them remember what's
your major malfunction mister huh was a
stand up move it jig though join oh all
right all right no hey pick one thing
big one ding I know
it's better yes but you do have to have
a good night's sleep okay we got bouncy
castles huh
mommy decorate the whole house like a
Mickey Mouse Wonderland huh like Mickey
Mouse thank you give your friends a kiss
hmm
give you the kissy-kiss first you kiss
me then you beat me oh my goodness where
do you see what anna has done tirelessly
working look at this isn't it so cool
look at all the banter the banter the
bunting and all the little stuff is so
cool the attention to detail everything
oh my goodness this is so cool Baker
yeah I can't wait to see the cake these
look great are you talking about they
look cool that wasn't it one key for the
body bags they're not like the real
there are actual real safe it's amazing
you know oh my goodness oh the
invitations down there you can see them
right there in the invitation so cute
everyone everyone I could but everyone
that got one was like oh my god they're
so cool I'm like rumbling by vanish
did you see the inviter oh dear I don't
think actually showed a part of this the
banter Edoardo
oh yes the birthday boy you put so much
agree you're so good at that you could
be a party planner you're really good at
all this on your place this is really
good so sorry all right
right here so yes my party how amazing
did Anna do at setting up this party
isn't it so cool party's in full swing
right now by the way I'm sneaked up here
sneaky snook to say hi friends and give
you an old enslave and put together an
old video and slap it on the internet
for your viewing pleasure
imagine me I was that one
four eight twelve my goodness imagine we
had that many kids what was ours mm-hmm
hey thanks a lot oh my god sigh I love
looking at Reseda will it pizza Express
where Eduardo has the little mustache oh
my goodness I've actually contemplated
actually getting that Instagram blown up
into a big sized poster and actually
like framing in my wall I just love that
picture so much trimmer and I did that
to him with the stick is classic anyway
thanks for watching this video hope you
enjoyed it I hope excited for the party
tomorrow leave some comments leave some
lickity likes and subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
