morning Melia hi what day is today
Monday is it and he was what's special
about today
is it somebody's birthday was birthday I
am deaf in my left ear no thank you hey
open some presents yeah yeah presents
for you or Eduardo oh oh I do I do and
you why yeah oh she let play with them
yeah - remember this time last year only
product right at home it's so excited
open the gate for us mate open the gate
me I do know you can help the dwyer to
open them what yeah okay that's fine
where is it Marta where's the birthday
boy right now more than birthday man
what you did whoa mm-hmm that was pretty
good yeah yeah
goemon's I promise you're a year old
today son year old how does that make
you feel
yeah like what's going on happy birthday
mister are you gonna blow it out ready
one two
oh you blow it out okay one two G come
here
yeah right we're gonna secure my knees
like forget the presents I want the cake
know what this ah look and dip is a
finger Eduardo you can't cry on your
birthday their rules the rules against
this is water we're gonna open a present
it open this one Eduardo I'll open your
present
it does lardo you have to wait in media
sorry yeah
Wow Eduardo's one yeah one yes one is
Canadian ones for his work okay
in the bathtub Oh for the bots look it
wardo and Amelia are cool Mike don't eat
it okay oh is it the whole tree I think
so yeah something other thing more Oh
daddy what after sex
yeah just cause you're one years old
doesn't mean like a two-year-old you
loving me
you love it go can you get it get it
yeah
alright look at this thing this is so
cool I think we have to build it though
so it's four screws yeah no I'm not I'm
not
I took me angel what Chewie why did you
put the screens in there because of what
you're going to do and then you screwed
right then then you screw drive one
really were you just gonna use your
little fingers and twisted ass cute
yeah so I was just looking what the next
day use afterwards it so obviously
there's more screws go right out to
compare it and driving it yeah I'll be
so fat we're gonna be doing toys
at L we it I'll be really good with
bitches yeah he was amazed
yeah we think it is wear it out here
don't you know peeing on this Lutz
I mean you mister yeah hi it's like
you're at the doctor's office anywhere
do we do it no yeah but do I know anyone
is alright the birthday boy came with
dad and dad's car and then we were
waiting for mommy she's parked around
here somewhere but she has the strollers
where that's holding the kiddos you see
my all I see them are then they go down
this way
right huh huh good end is right all
right we are at the park we're having
some snacks look at the fancy castle
over there and the giant slide that's
what we got for Eduardo Sparty you
excited for that uh-huh
I'm excited for that it's gonna be so
cool
don't you see jamming some snacks
yeah oh my god in the car it was like
summertime wetter it's so nice admit
Amelia isn't this end nice come on
chop-chop
Oh mom's getting away we're gonna play
ground for Eduardo so you can play in
the fan dude we're gonna play in the
sand with Amelia you're gonna show him
how to build sandcastles yeah oh why
does in the sand
amelia is in the sand - oh you passing
the sand around it look so cute don't
join us and don't throw it into art Oh
careful Amelia
I got like grown-up Amelia Lux and her
little skinny's she's so cute and it
water over here
jeepers they're all grown up huh I love
his I know you're so cute
whoa where are we right oh right here
under the ship mommy I mean I don't sort
of sign that wardo don't ro sign okay
you that mommy see mommy
diggin Aloha hmm
all of it you know he's so cute look at
any I got of a system that hand then
this and then this hand there this hand
and this hand the give shadow key a
shadow it's cool look what you feed my
fall off huh nigga droids little shadow
oh that's a cute look I'm actually
trying to make a picture look I need a
frame of Eduardo and then a frame of
Emilia so I got it okay just bring me
Leah you framed boudoir de all right
let's see if I can make a cool picture
No
nobody get you can get these in church
so we have oh cool we should again he's
so funny
oh I do I'm scared look at it Jonathan I
don't like that I don't don't forget
about your other child I mean yeah say
daddy stop she doesn't want to stop
trying to make the effect happen yes
yeah I know what time is it
it's 1:00 o'clock with home ec born at
12 1 12 in 12 minutes Eduardo you're a
year old huh
12 minutes aren't you remember this time
last year when you were inside mommy so
weird you're like okay Ana I want you
give it a big push
did you get anything
are you ready go go that was good it's
super bright outside but we can't really
see it but any second now
guardo shall be born I can't it's too
much dark there we go
happy birthday Eduardo Eduardo
officially a year old yeah this day one
year ago you peed in my face thank you
appreciate that huh do you remember that
don't you remember that
kiss your reputation forgot here's a
little memory
Hey
you
okay
you
hot jeepers now I want to have another
child every time they hit one years old
is like just have another one because
immediate like I dropped the media off
the nursery this morning and she's like
you know whatever bites like off with
her mates just like messing around and
edoardo come home and he's here like
this my little boy oh he's so cute like
isn't it and you watching that with that
little clip that was made by Ellie she's
the girl that makes all our like fan
made video stuff I know oh it's just so
crazy to think you know like these
flowers like when I had this idea of
making these videos like five years ago
I didn't even think about having
children now I don't know if I was even
in the right I don't think I realize
what an amazing thing I was about to
create and the fact that like oh look
you know and you can look back and you
can see the moment he was born like both
my kids at the moment they were born
like they come you can see their life
it's just it's amazing isn't it was such
good anyway thanks too much for watching
today's video and thank you for wishing
Eduardo happy birthday it was trending
worldwide lads let's say you know that's
how you know you got it going on you're
trending on your birthday and I'll see
you guys tomorrow I give us know like
give us no tongue comment at Thomond
comment and subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow fight
