good morning and look what we got we got
a new Turner do you love it can you go
into it
Eduardo okay meet me in there hello is
it fun
weirdo what is he uh-huh you gonna go go
you go dude sure why I had to do it
we're daddy do it daddy coming through
yeah I don't know daddy stuck why do you
like happening okay now am I no you are
no you think oh it's a force field I
think it looks like you can go to you
can't show it where to where to go you
can't go in there where do you go
Eduardo in here in here you let your
phone oh nice to meet you again going to
close this club has rules okay now we've
connected the castle to the tunnel so
you got to go in the tent and you make
your way all the way down so you're
going to start yeah you got ruthless
khana
into the tent this squared so what
happens when the monster comes you're
gonna show me go ready here comes the
monster we must get to the castle get
there castle oh yeah yeah are you
Khaleesi you're queen of the Dragons oh
no oh you're princess of the Dragons
sorry you guys get new shoes
let me see you shoot already high-tops
yeah you already broke that you already
broke that here you go you can play with
it now can be your official phone
that's is where those official phone is
he broke it yeah hello hello yeah yeah
hey yeah hey yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah let me get that hello hello hello
who's calling yes you can right oh
please spiel yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
okay Cheers Thanks cheers bye bye cheers
just bye thanks yeah you want to go
after tomorrow's photo immediately give
it back to Eduardo sharing sharing is
caring
come on you've had no it's is why I gave
it to Eduardo first first edit before I
don't have it and then you can have it
okay
okay you're the big girl you're the big
sister you don't want it supposed to
teach it now you see Oh Mike he doesn't
know what he wants to do dizzy I like
your new shoes though
do you like them too wait till you see
the suede once she got suede like did
you get these jeans as well shirt I have
and I got every shirt just like it you
know we're gonna be twinning that he's
gonna his bicycle mommy's going to the
gym yeah to our new media or causing a
ruckus drivers on the business call an
important business go are you going for
a walk
yeah a ruckus oh yeah
you are probably gonna walk over run
Ronnie walked on it has no second choice
on a branch
Ronnie that's great and trampoline is
that what happens is it wider walk when
we're not here
does he have you seen the glider walk
immediate uh me have you seen it where I
walk yeah when he when did it were to
walk this morning when did he walk
my spreadsheet is actually seen one hate
the other bump your hands afternoon
friends just hanging out some friends
okay all right really
you waited for that moment to little big
poof say father sponsored by cow poo
available everywhere he's got loads of
friends in I'm like throw all over here
sorry I like that about this place sheep
and stuff there's so many fines up
everywhere thing like few dogs on leads
and salford out which is understandable
yes yeah I'll be we're gonna have words
with this guy when this guy would just
step on Ali yeah I hope my friend
we were roaming the hills look where we
are
woo the beasts in our lives is so hot
today
oh my goodness whoa whoa
I'll hopefully start this summer I miss
coming out here and just like went on
like like winter kind of gear but
hey guys we're at sighs oh that's a good
idea
me I didn't think about bringing his
walcker thing out so I'm gonna do two a
little bit I've got these repo bikes
environmentally friendly but yeah I'm
gonna start with the cotton eel and then
work my way onto the ground I'm just
trying to delay going for Jim basting
let's I'm at an adventure
I have no idea where I am I love doing
that though just going off so I never
come down here before but look at this
emergency closure severe kind of makes
me wanna get in here more well I leave
comments below I'll end the video here
and tomorrow read the comments and then
working hey imagine now wouldn't it be
cool to have like it's impossible
Jonathan yeah I noticed
but imagine like we feel right the blog
goes here and then you decide do you
want to go down there or go back and
then you click on a link and it brings
you to the vlog where I go down there or
you click a link it'll bring to the blog
when I go back don't be so cool if you
let you ever get those stories you're a
kid and you'd open up welcome to life
page 2 turn to page 17 if you open a
letter or purchase page 9 if you give
the letter to Jim
well that'd be cool anyway I'm gonna go
down here hey you wanna come huh we live
do it together all right all right if I
can hold you guys I just go
oh my goodness okay hold on
this doesn't even describe to you how
much pou there was like I have I've
literally been out of here for bed an
hour and I've just finished that was the
thing there was so much about six bags
full hello number seven honestly like
the most disgusting thing ever and I I
didn't even do underneath the trampoline
so I can't get under there
well I did the whole garden it's all
poof free I think let me just try me
double check
yeah I'm pretty sure it's poof free that
felt really good actually some company
was done so that was a workout oh sorry
I survived it it was way steeper than
the time it was just like it insane drop
like 80 miles an hour no they lost the
camera but I came home to Amelia what do
you got going down here I did why are
they Eduardo sucks she working and I
daddy pooed the entire garden yeah
you're bending ends go when you're
working the ABS that's the words those
you deal with during the winter you
never do it we just so much yeah I
remember last year after winter in mango
or like strips like a zipper lawn-mowing
yeah funnel um go now watch I'm sharing
stuff and then we are gonna be ready
we're ready for party mode you're nuts
you're nuts us yeah and they seen any
problems you got a cup of cute
you know so my mom had caught me a few
days ago and she said that she bought
something for tomorrow's birthday and it
was run at large you know what it says
it does hear what it says of this yeah
what is it how long I had to stay inside
though looks like it's sad it's had a
rough ride here getting here mm-hmm
something something for me to build all
right let's see how heavy it is
right this is what I'm quitting the
grass - you haven't got the grass or
well in a few months so hopefully it
isn't there okay it's not a check phone
oh it still works
we've Deepu the whole place depots and
grasses Amelia Amelia local grandma card
grandma sent a present for Amelia and
Eduardo he's at the playground we're
gonna have a playground in her own house
yeah you want to build it with dad you
gonna say thanks to Grandma thanks to
Grandma you helped me build it okay cuz
look it's a slide two swings and a
seesaw Wow
that's a TED everyone look at the
gardens all spick-and-span ready for a
building jeepers alright this is very
complicated but this is gonna be cool
looking right it's kind of like thatif
ad thing in it like when there's this
Scottish mom when I bought it in
Scotland hmm look at all that stuff
comes it's kind of cool
alright are you gonna help it's white
look at the slide it's that fun do you
want to go on the trampoline while I'm
making this no no I want a snack do you
want a feather you have a feather in
your hands
mommy's picking up the poops
donkeys darky do it yeah
guys look at it white house beat going
on media you know top dancer or
something or a ballarino to be a better
me no oh my goodness right you need to
learn to walk can can you grab me here
them Walker thing yeah thanks come here
let's walk we need to walk in the big
world okay in your little tap shoes me
so your boy we're gonna walk today where
do you do it you do it over here
what in my pocket no you have them fun
you love it and there's one for Eduardo
two or maybe one for daddy that's uh
oh my bum doesn't fit here we go there
we go we're just there want your friends
under swings are we
we disappoint your friends yeah you are
high up we're really high up when we
finished building it oh my goodness that
hurts my mom so bad okay do you want to
stay on this wing do you love it
yeah okay I gotta build the seesaw thing
there's a seesaw to you know what I see
snow is what does the seesaw what's the
song yeah whoosh here so cute
what that one's for Eduardo yeah might
be a while before he can go in it cuz
it's not a baby one now kick your legs
behind ya you go faster faster faster
he's our kid he loved it
Emilia loves the swing set so much oh my
goodness I didn't get a fully finished
because it actually got quite late and
then we had to go in hit dinner but I
got the swing set up and I was like all
tomorrow like today I'm gonna go ahead
and finish off the seesaw and slide now
but she I she never actually been on a
swing set like that you know them she's
always been into kids one with this sort
of surrounding I don't had to explain
you know the thing they love box that
they sit in what is this is like a
normal swing thing and I was like oh you
okay and she just got I was like oh my
god I love this oh and it Eduardo I said
I was like did you know she's like you
can't hear on tape even pushing a little
cartridge like yeah it looking funny
like you got like a second of it so I'll
bring it right again today because I was
so cute when you walk around the little
cart oh man kids are deadly anyway
thanks much for today's video
your daddy too by the way hmm leave us
no comment give us a know like and
subscribe if you're new then I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
