how you gonna do it or they're not for
daddy okay oh boy easier for him to walk
in his bare feet yeah yeah if I find it
walking my bare feet - okay now you just
quickly disconnect from mother and
you're ready to go Oh what are you doing
why don't you be good oh wow can you
walk
can you walk oh wow Melia no you're not
a baby thank you for the wait yeah
brilliant
no me do it maybe we just feed them on
the floor with the dogs it's probably
safe safe you let us know when a whiner
walks in me me okay
come on come on right now okay here we
go right now
this is it this is your moment to shine
oh this is your ma oh I know and I think
all these lacking is the confidence very
shortly
very shortly be here before his birthday
that'd be pretty cool it's his birthday
on Thursday on Thursday all right water
you have four days kind of three days
that's three more days to get your walk
on and then you can beat your sister hmm
you want to be a sister beater I'm gonna
be a sister beater it sounds like a bad
thing he's awfully so cute though I love
them I like them too I'll be sad today
go
damiana had an emotional night last
night you might have seen on Twitter the
breastfeeding ended
they even saying it was an accident
though we got home quite late in town
and then we had dinner and so and then I
was like all just quickly put it wired
him down after his bath cuz I took him
in the bath first and I just quickly put
him down and in a Nikhil but I don't
know it's fine he's down and thus began
the emotions I just wasn't expecting it
I know I was expecting helpful harvey
and then it turned out i actually ruined
your life I know I know he wants fight
he's a big boy now you've had babies
since 2012 you've been pregnant and then
you're breastfeeding and then pregnant
we got pregnant while you're resting
immediately then you stopped
breastfeeding and then you had another
baby and then you're breastfeeding again
right up to yesterday since 2012 you
either be pregnant or breastfeeding and
now it's over
January 2012 was Enrique now yeah
and now March 2015 raivo April 2015 and
it's all over I don't know what it's
like I kind of just so strongly
redundant you think like everyone's like
oh you just get yourself back let you
get your money back like you as in up
again as it you have it all to yourself
again like you don't have to share with
anybody you aren't thinking about
anybody else you're not providing for
anybody but it's not like a celebration
No
I was saying I wonder if this gap is
when most people have more children good
right now you see like everyone to media
less than that all right Eduardo enough
divide even yes more put her into bed in
there we got pregnant in there
that's why it's more emotional yeah
where I know his birthday it's gonna be
more like first birthdays are really
emotional for you okay I don't know I
think in a dad it's a very differently
yeah I look for third persons I'm like
finally I can be friends with him now
you get to know I was like cross like I
was so emotional because it's like the
holy its first year they go from being
like in your tummy to being like just
try it like that walk oh he's gonna do
it that he leaned forward as a
constellation prize for mommy you could
walk today there'll be a nice
consolation prize can you do that can
you do that for mommy it's good it's
funny cuz I'm like I'm excited now do
you finish breastfeeding because I'm
like yeah I get to put it out like I
enjoyed for them and read them and like
spending time in Reno so later on
they're gonna let me go to college and
then you know and I'm saying I said it's
like the older they get the more you
have to share them they put it first
like year or two you kind of happen to
yourself and now we have to kind of
share media with her friends that she's
making in school and violated self and
then we're gonna have to share her with
when she goes out with her friends more
and we're gonna share her with her
husband or her wife you know
I never gonna have to share her with
like her own children ever like that's
gonna you just keep up the Sheraton more
and more let's take a step oh I thought
that was it you kind of walk them into
that come on come on come on come here
come here come here come here come here
Oh you you stop interfering
you can't over there it's a process
oh my goodness what has happened what
has happened my face let me see your
hands
no no oh no right now what don't draw on
your face oh my goodness would you get
markets from that'll be that there's
gonna be murder okay okay let's get all
of these markers let's get rid of them
no come back here come back here
don't touch anything by the way i got a
rather nothing it's a water what don't
touch anything you hear me come back
here come back over here now yeah come
back over here now this just came off
her hand can't offer your hands don't
touch anything
gaffur come here come here to me don't
put your hands in a lot look I just like
picture and I have it all over me
you come here write this and said you
come watch anything all right stand very
still okay don't touch your face
nobody you've got stuff all right okay
we're gonna have to just wash you yeah
yeah yeah nope
Leslie Knope yeah and your face maybe
nope nope okay come on come on
it's your punishment all right hope we
get like you just waltz into my life and
then just we're 18 what do clothes who
knows that hair rude that is so cute
where did we get that this is so cute
where's that from Zara Zara baby it's
like the best is now you see the skinny
jeans and a Zara they're like the best
man all right making some hot cross buns
in the Tala
that's my my backup plan because I
couldn't find an easter egg oh yeah is
it good is it all like finger food and
stuff yeah like a media's birthday party
scope
we should try one for their dogs anyway
oh my god incoming love or hate Marmite
Eduardo hates it
it's the hard-knock life for us nope not
that over mm-hmm Messer man all right
it's new the jacuzzi a couple hours
later naps have been had I'm just having
a spot of clean ball up my son just
playing some ball at my son mm-hmm he's
gonna be a future Irish Six Nations
champion huh it could call upon you one
day duardo oh oh no he's so funny
go Troy Oh No okay you control okay pass
the ball don't do a forward pass all
right the conversions coming up hey okay
you good at the kicking hey how do you
write the kickin is eating the ball it's
a different move it's a new kind of move
yeah yeah you want the laptop put it up
there cookie was messing with her
they blood just went live we're just
reading some common things right I start
mashing the keyboard you know what you
did ah yeah yeah so we play rugby
instead
oh okay oh it's Lamy something was
licorice here we go
come get it mr. C top no come get it
come get it come get it come get it good
then let go to your hand yeah come on
let go did her hand make good in your
hand
good boy yeah good boy good boy
oh let go the other hand yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah come on come on get it
come on get it no no good boy good boy
good boy
take your step take your step gonna have
it it's gonna happen
uh-oh look what Mommy made us YUM quinoa
and prawn Thanks
quinoa prawn and what else carrots more
two piers YUM no no there hop hop seas
pop see pop sees hop to it
so long farewell auf wiedersehen good
now hide I'd like to stay and drink my
first champagne so long farewell auf
wiedersehen good now hi it's time to
have a bat and don't do
- I'll try not to drop you
I'll try to do my best I must confess
I've never heard round the child that
wasn't mine that pudding sinuate that's
somehow I'm not that great at minding
children aren't my own good thing I
never my friends
say bye friends say bye friend my
friends we see him tomorrow
yeah should am should they get come on
button do you think hit the like button
the green button under yellow button I'm
the orange button and the red button hit
the wire no weapon no
I wonder is that what a media's gonna
look like when she goes up I started
this one floating around Twitter
yesterday and I was like oh my goodness
look at that like it's like is that what
I mean it's gonna look like that's crazy
like cause I can see an in if I can see
kind of like me in there as well
oh my goodness kids grow up it's cruel
it's cruel why don't you give a baby in
the day just like grow up on you
I mean anyway hope you enjoyed today's
video give us a like give us a comment
subscribe if you're new and I will see
you guys tomorrow for some more fun
times but
