what's that there who is it
do you see him over by the daffodils oh
I think he's coming
always on I saw him look he's over by
the daffodils look see up there you see
him
we're looking for the Easter Bunny price
the doses are barking because they did
the dougie see him he's hiding he's shy
Eduardo wiped there behind the daffodils
we need to get dressed right now yeah we
better bring the phone up to how's he
gonna get in we need to open a window
will we open a window so he can get in
yeah okay okay let's do my job dammit
gone do you think you can get in now
it's not picking it off yeah okay
now maybe when we're upstairs getting
ready we'll come and doggies you don't
eat the Easter Bunny okay don't eat the
Easter Bunny Cena all right mmm good
girl cuz he might bring you guys
something - mm-hmm
yeah and Easter eggs for the doggies
Eduardo the Easter Bunny's coming we
have to get high upstairs you mean is
your room clean
No oh let's go check let's see how bad
it is okay hopefully it's not too bad
the wired okay who messed up your room
did you go girl
taking responsibility and then he's a
cop
yeah an Easter Bunny's gonna come honey
Oh Eduardo's like okay you clean up your
room I'll clean up a Dwyer does room oh
goodness
is your room clean how bad is it
oh boy oh boy we have a bit of a
situation
oh boy
oh no what happened here what happened
here right yeah ripped up the book I'll
walk why did you rip up the book so
you'd have loads of pages so you can
read them okay so you rip up the page
and then you put it in here I'm not a
hundred percent sure that's meant to
work I think the Easter Bunny might have
a problem with all of this
let's let's get to work folks all right
we have a lot to do and very little time
to do it
what does that even mean we should do
that where she is he hiding me hiding
into that Fidel's
you wanna see yeah okay I don't know
we'd have to check hold onto me
see you soon ciao
he's at the bunny over there
wah won't get posh note that cars oh why
are they going they're going and that
house safety King Darrow's was the
Easter Bunny's coming if they don't
clean their rooms the Easter Bunny won't
come no no all right this is nice and
spic and span that's why I chose one
bringing the injured writers room hey
what happened what happened to me yeah
Amenia did you hear that
wait can you see anything
no cheating to see the bunny he's gone
now no oh my goodness he might be in the
kitchen he's in the kitchen yeah they
think he left immediately something
quickly teaching the Easter Bunny he's
brought immediate a present this is for
Dwight oh did you say thank you to the
Easter Bunny you mean that he left eggs
all over the house can you find him
there more does more is more Oh another
one
oh wait will you help it why I don't
find some you know just eat it quickly
gathered them all gather them all up
he was clever listening ok one more oh
Oh Oh another one
no give him one unwrapped Pony give it
though I mean yeah anymore just might
turn it off for a second you ready for a
road trip
yeah forever we're going to central
central you can see Stefano needs mommy
Amelia thinks that deferens girlfriend
but she thinks that anybody who's with
somebody is their mommy
they have girls on boys
which way they did
it's a good legal aid feature hi and he
like looked at he loves having it right
next to you that's fun
yeah your coat off and we did that's
better
mm-hmm are you looking forward to seeing
uncle Stefan oh it was nothing they saw
duardo we went to Ireland we went you
are know when we went then can sail what
was that for your dad's book thing
no he wasn't here profession that's
definitely we should too but it was like
and right it was like a baby babe right
a ninja for me three months yeah just
moved
at you but that's gonna be crazy for
anything I can sell all of them Big Ben
London now you know we're really in
London hold on let me get a picture for
my snapchat tour of London that didn't
help at all ruining my life Jonathan
said it was gonna be empty a few cars
plenty people there Ben you see the big
clock no way is that um part of it
Westminster yeah yeah do you see the big
clock in this guy look up look up above
you I don't think she can look up that's
right okay maybe I did you see the
London Eye look the ferris wheel that's
where you go in and you can go all the
way around and around run around see ya
you see you I just told me this was
nurse and call Youm and I didn't know
like I had no idea again that's what
they said on my snapshot I put down
Nellie's poll yeah the Mayans the
Ferrari Oh
the TV brands out to here I mean yet you
see that big volume yeah the big tall
one they're over here do you see it
Nellie's Paul nice move
by Jonathan I think you can just drop us
off here
be fine yeah have you been in the place
you like you can I saw your katana like
you could drop half here shit out
oh no this is fine yeah you want to meet
land be any central it's a hotel people
look at the TV Wow run a circus is that
Trafalgar Square is regularly lucky
media cinnamon so it's like trying to
anyway like we are in the most central
of London ever yep nothing media
look you can like mix and match Cinnabon
is like are you serious the Cinnabons
look hmm not like we didn't just have
chocolate for lunch
this might be the greatest hotel for the
kids because they're just chocolates and
their toys I mean it got a bus London
bus and it Ryder got a little cab look
at the car
you got a boys more you can moved away
yeah
I think here at the French tea party a
cake yeah hugging out for a sandwich
first when they deliver all of this at
the same time look at the teapot here
what do you want you want all of them
disappointed in it just looks so
scrumptious let's know your nice Easter
eggs for breakfast take 40 let me know
who's in the picture
kids are through the wafers here you
want another one who live in the world
okay okay um I think okay we may never
go
they say thank you this fashion last
it's got a party atmosphere in it
oh just ended this is my turn to give
him a changin you're gonna pull it back
through surveys over there trying to
pull her Edward oh yeah yeah I think
it's good as a little fast
yeah because he's willing to like it
don't you take your first steps with
Caroline okay
make you do one
good
that was a good little move it you get
know so many presents this hotel more
chocolatey just what we needed a little
present a know this always happens let's
get cooking
hey you are no actually what that is
quite a nice Easter Sunday because we
were actually thinking that we weren't
gonna spend it with any family obviously
we have our own little family unit and
then and then Stefano had flown in with
his girlfriend and her kids to London
and we were like oh cool that's that
let's hang out so that was kind of nice
it was a nice hotel and I can't believe
they gave the kids like toys and like
chocolates and everything they must be
like this is amazing they woke up did
like an Easter egg hunt that was so
funny how we were like building up the
suspense that there was an actual rabbit
in their garden like I mean it was like
totally into it like it was so cute you
know and yeah I think it was just like a
nice nice fun day we went home and we
had some dinner and stuff and uh well I
indirectly finished Eduardo
breastfeeding thing which is I was just
trying to be helpful pulling him down I
didn't realize who's gotta be so and on
Twitter last night she was talking about
it you'll see in tomorrow's video and we
talked more about it and I hope you
enjoyed the video leave a like give us
know comment hope you enjoyed our tour
of London it wasn't even supposed to be
a tour of London but it just sort of
happened and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
