a chiki chiki chiki banana a chiki chiki
chiki banana would you like the cheeky
banana would you like a cheeky banana
there's cheeky bananas for two I'm
talking about for you they're watching
sheriff Callie because this morning time
and it's raining outside and it's a bit
of a shame but TLC didn't he's gonna
call your name he says hello friend
good morning they're asleep yes they
know hey he's allowed play you've to
share your toys excuse me
alright well then he can have this one
uh-huh
sharing is caring he can give it back
when you go up to your room okay oh look
he's giving it back already see sharing
is nice that means your best friend now
give it back to him so you can have this
until we go upstairs at word oh yeah
good girl see he said thank you thank
you so we got some new Disney toys this
is like the basket that I put things in
downstairs that have to go upstairs yeah
we're gonna bring them up to our rooms
we're gonna bring hot to our rooms
Amelia said where I don't have to sleep
and he has a stinky nappy so you have to
changed that as well no that's Mickey
that's Eduardo's one this one's Minnie
see ya okay let's go upstairs I got my
belt oh you get your bow did you like
seeing all the animals yesterday yeah I
know I hear you do Maggie what Wow stop
banging and now we're not hiding what I
like you easy animals the animals you
like
Wow Wow yeah look what the heat was it
be go see yesterday what did we go see
yesterday we some are loads of what emit
animals kilo do you like aminals
oh no no a brighter like animals
yep nope does daddy like animals ah hey
last night Nala was chasing the
surrenders who's really funny
did you know with me oh the wake up were
no more like waking up to you hey hey
you were worthy waiting for horsey humor
nyla with Jason horsey left right like
running she was like running around here
this kid because we had her up here we
open if you kids that was you I didn't
get over that's it about two o'clock
last night huh Oh God
don't be the fanny don't be a fanny HED
well let's get in
Easter Sunday cupcakes oh we got
everything we need
yes I think so like there are few things
that I need anyway like longer but but
it's it's Good Friday
you can't make Easter Sunday cakes a
good Friday no my jokes jokes jokes uh
oh I'll go Kate give me a lift
really yeah I know I know be nuts at the
Times
it's open until 8:00 9:00 tonight all
right aside oh you'll finish okay yeah
no make me a list check it twice
my name is been naughty or nice no don't
hurt me yeah Wow
yeah this is working better
good boy Eduardo yeah you to put them in
there
oh that's nice I think this week
crumpled aguado
don't offer be able to use that one
maybe not
guys we totally forgot to get the kids
Easter eggs oops
first time first time Easter with
children that you eggs we do have the
egg hunt you know like the little M Wow
no wait the point he brings them okay
scratch that idea I don't know anything
about the Easter Bunny I didn't know
anything about him and then Anna
apparently is trying to educate me about
Easter bunnies I think he's gonna hide
eggs around the garden but we're gonna
find other eggs apparently this is not
like any other recipe I've ever made and
I thought she did a bit I didn't do all
the things that I was supposed to do
excels too lazy it was like separate the
eggs then this key egg wait I was like
crazy serious so I hope they turn out
okay okay well you don't need so many
spoons you only need this one here look
what this is in this book so add this in
careful whoa good girl
not yet let's close this and look at the
Rice Krispies look you ready
they're all going crunchy T crunch oh
this is gonna be really good I love what
you say
it only makes 6 cupcakes which bits
tinge but actually that works better for
us because we always have way too many
left over and I was up to end up giving
away which is fine but right now it's
the weekend so we're not seeing anybody
so this actually works out it was me it
was me
I made the noise known each part okay
it's a situation there was no easter
eggs in the entire i actually went all
the way after this Tesco which is like
it's pretty far away from us but I
figured because Mars is quite small in
our town but else I can go all that idea
Casco here I did get his lovely bouquet
of flowers which is gonna put a smile on
his face
so that's cool but there's no Easter egg
that it's okay this year because the
kids are so young so I got them these
look cuz I love the Kinder's so look I
got them a couple of boxes of those I'll
tie it over for next year lads
remind me ordered the eggs early that's
the trick okay cuz this is no good I
love myself and I don't get any Easter
eggs but we're okay with that we can
accept that fact if the kiddos not
getting in ilocano well as a child and i
an easter egg I'll be so disappointed I
feel like my parents let me down so I'm
gonna head back but hey come on with
flowers it's gonna be fun
is it good Amelia yeah here you go you
can have a bit it's only fair hmmm that
nice look at her face hmm yummy now that
is it now we have to put these in the
oven for one mmm no not out of this but
you can no longer
bachelor okay let's put the oven for 20
to 25 minutes and
see how they get on I'm home look at I
came home do you see little munchkins
what are you watching oh yes the
original one are you are sleeping beauty
you should be a sleeping beauty at this
time I know
no where's were delicious
hi mister yeah did you miss me
oh no what's going on well that's no fun
is it
here's something for the ladies of the
house oh you're welcome for the ladies
of the house so pretty isn't it Amelia
that Easter bouquet yeah I wasn't
expecting I know I saw it I was like I
look so pretty I know you like that kind
of stuff I don't have Terra's a date I
know I know you know mister hello mister
he was doing so much standing yesterday
check the snapchats for standing it
alone it's easy to get the phone out and
get him standing but the vlog sometimes
I don't get I'm standing now right my
right have you been signing today or the
just yesterday what do we think we were
to try are you gonna try what you try
oh my goodness look at these things I
think this one has my name written all
over are they good you look so cool
again
and his Rice Krispies in the inside yeah
it's gonna feel weird reading it was
like I'll pop yourself
yeah she's happy you just have to walk
over to it that's all you can have it
you can have the camera just walk
through walk through the camera it's all
yours
oh yeah ha ha ha slow motion drop you
got it Dido mm-hmm let's take a big step
one big step for Eduardo oh come on up
up up back up back up you take one big
step forward Oh No so mean and Eduardo
I'm getting some of this a fan this in
the testator expenditure mikata from
Pizza Express sounds good
myself and I Nara pizza Porter burner
please support a while the frozen pizzas
parties in Friday nights the doggies
right here in the rain barking in the
rain barking in the rain would you like
to come on time kid you guys
so I'm hello there what appears to be
going on hmm you're making a party
always coming to the party
mmm who else is coming Shelly yeah and
now
Oh Joey and Alfie and Nala coming anyone
else
I bet he'd call me ain't no party
everybody's coming to the party I mean
are you officially inviting everybody to
this party
hi there that's wonderful that's
wonderful you go ahead and play with
those instruments of destruction and
despair hmm so amelia is officially
invited everybody to a party awesome
are you making a cake nice is that for
the party yeah you're gonna have a lot
of people to feed all we need some tools
need a better tool oh yeah
no I see I see you went there like the
Thomas Fork just wasn't cutting it so
you got easy out so forth what does he
think it o you think India at the ANA
spoon yeah yeah therefore therefore mmm
look at this
Oh hilarity huh how many more days are
you gonna breastfeed him for ya one a
couple of weeks are you gonna go pass
this birthday I do I did you know these
are I put him down for lunchtime and I
was quite easy it's just but he needs
one breast mug a day thinking really
like one goes like so hard oh yeah babe
in the email because it knows narrative
that's it
I need a burger yeah I went from as soon
as I cut the feed am all these spots
pumped up like oh no does that mean when
you're gonna do it again again that will
find happy you want to have a build up a
hormones left in your body I know your
body
I understand I think that'll be it but
then I was like oh yeah that would be it
ya know then you get periods again and
then every time you get your period
that's up you could just keep having
more and more babies and never have a
period same problem where it gets
remember was pregnant with her in the
second trimester my skin was amazing
have another girl that's the seat that's
the solution don't have another boy cuz
he made you break out way more than II
yeah yeah you made my nails all week as
well yeah why - OH
what are you doing weirdo you I don't
know alright take it my friends good
night friends hey do they have to hit
any buttons yeah take it light button
okay I reckon this is Dee Ann's red it
is depends red hope you have enjoyed
this video presentation bra do you might
be I made it for you oh I question my
sanity sometimes yes
Eduardo he's hilarious hey thanks for
watching today's video hope you had a
good time
umm gives know like there's no comment
subscribe if you're new what else you
have to do hello
be happy forget your troubles Marconi
Jolie's dad I didn't see if I write
