welcome to day six friends are you
subscribed
have you been leaving nice comments have
you been pressing that like button so
let us look for number have you ever
wanted to power your home with your
mobile phone
well hive had the answer friends and
keep watching this vlog because we're
using the hive to light up a Christmas
one just like me friends and all of you
hostage for win is tweet with the
hashtag SJ Xmas and at PI home UK and
tweet what is your favorite type of
Christmas lights and goodbye friends and
good luck friends and I'll see you
tomorrow
I can't wait for Christmas
laughs sorry Chris
Mina can we get a comment here live as
the Lightning of the sacona curly house
are you excited to be here it's bright
and we haven't actually turned the
lights on yet excuse me young man young
man be can we get alive a reaction okay
well that's it uh cutting back to you
now
magic is falling straight from the sky
has finally come out to say hi with his
friends
so we were just discussing the merit of
Amelia because the media is so good in
school
she is so intelligent and smart but at
home why you not yet home we are
teaching you can chill I'm so proud of
the little person that you've become and
so pretty good you are in school mm-hmm
I'm gonna try harder hard and hard I
know you're gonna be the best in the
school
yeah and they might think I'm you're bad
yeah well how about how about you try
harder at home no it's home she'll have
time so when you come home you just
wanna chill out with no rules then why
was it what you want I would say a
longer time you would you miss it yeah I
never know you know do you spend more
time in school than you do spend at home
these days you understand and I know who
the car
and you fighting all the time yeah
what's gonna happen you're gonna go to
university never gonna live here anymore
you I am gonna come a late time I think
I'm gonna come at night
do you know what you could do someday
you might grow up and you might get my
head of media and you might want to live
in a different house but you think you
can live here
you and your husband or wife and your
children can all live here like mommy
oh you know you'd stay with Daddy
forever yeah could you make a deal it's
a deal
that's a legally binding deal now that's
you I ain't paid for yet you might
forget where we have this video evidence
you know I mean you try my Sofia you're
gonna maybe Sofia your best friend yeah
remember I recall last week we talked
about God yeah like here telling you
what he would tell you if you made your
family yes and I did want to marry a
twilight but now I changed my mind
yeah because I really need to change my
mind
yeah you've already right yeah exactly I
have and it wasn't my family no it was
my best friend but you get marry a boy
well because my best friend was a girl
I'm allowed girls exactly you see you
have it all figured out huh the media
went up to her room the other day the
museum prayer in your room do today what
did you say a prayer for God um what did
you want to say for what was the prayer
for ya I'm gonna break the world he said
something about the world the world he
said everyone in the world thank you
yeah that's what Christmas is all about
this isn't about presents love and
family it's about giving it is about
giving are you gonna give this Christmas
yeah honey did you love in the box
you are gonna do the love in the box
yeah that's very nice it's a nice
charity gee that's nice it Sophia I'm
gonna do it you're gonna do it but you
know we're gonna do right now I'm gonna
find out what those nor the elves were
up to you know as Marty of beware of the
future beware I love the future beware
of the future beware of the Sutra
what so amina for show-and-tell today is
beginning her else
reindeer she wants her to bring an elf
but you can't bring her out of school so
she's bringing the rain here for
show-and-tell
exactly how exciting though the elf is
the else Rainier is gonna have a day out
in school with that like we're kind of
matching today you like it do you like
my team mommy now in this icebox room
although it's been 22 craze in here
that's weird
does it feel like a cheetah crease um
it's been a lot better actually since I
have left her I've been leaving her a
bedroom door open at night yeah you're
getting more tea yeah it's been a lot
better since I've been able to leave the
door open at night doesn't get it's cold
anymore same late night alright guys we
are out on a little house the adventure
little update we're gonna go whew
something I knew a project home per se
guys let you know if this is the one I'm
hoping so it has a it's got a good bit
land
the house is not like I don't know if
you'd move in to do it is it so it's a
big project but we're gonna go and check
to see might this work for for our
project has to build the Ciccone Jolie's
team park and live in it I'll let you
know guys this road is very bumpy okay
Bill's I'm ringing there's a magic in
the air
cries a singing for the joy and
happiness
yes stars are bright as a Sharon tonight
is to respond song get all the smile and
make it snow man in adultery people
drive it to be home a family
the songs we know playing on
here's the Christmas
lately and it's also time to do what put
all the lights in our duardo is going to
bed cuz he just had bed time because the
garden doesn't look very fun at night
time when we look at does it what we're
gonna do guys is we are going to convert
our boring garden into a winter
wonderland of lights do we think that's
a good plan no no he doesn't think it's
a good plan so this year we're gonna do
something really different guys alright
so to save time in what would normally
be wasting half the evening wood cables
and electronics we are going to utilize
high so the whole idea of hive guys is
that you're gonna spend less time
setting everything off and doing cables
and all that stuff we're gonna spend
more time living more time having fun
more time being Christmasy are we ready
guys
are we ready now we're gonna need this
gonna meet somehow just give me some
hard work already I can I can I get a
helper can I get a helper high-five
how about high-five boom so here's all
the hive stuff guys now today we're
using a hive hub and we are using a high
of active plug but they also have hive
window and door sensors you've got warm
light hive lights warm lights you can
have disco lights all itself step one
plug the hive hub into your home
broadband Rooter this is what the hive
hub looks like step two
plug the hive active plug into your wall
which will connect to the high pop which
will connect to the Rooter which will
allow you to connect to it with your
phone it helps if you have a cute little
baby to watch you watching you watching
huh meta magic here guys is all of these
lights are going to be controllable from
a mobile telephone application so we're
going to set up all the lights guys and
then we're just going to use an
application and we're gonna press one
button
and the whole garden is going to light
up like a winter wonderland
alright here's all the lights that we're
gonna use we're gonna put them up here
and it's gonna look amazing I also got
this cool laser light show huh
you need Nate don't she need laser
lights lights everyone loves the laser
light Joe alright so we're gonna we're
gonna make a laser light show guys well
we're gonna turn it on in a minute
first thing is somebody needs to
detangle these who wants to be the
detangler okay me Eduardo hold this in
your hand here
okay and I stand against the wall okay
Amelia come here and you hold this here
and you stand against you all now guys I
want you to stand there for all of
December
she can do that it's gonna save me a lot
of time you guys can just be the light
this Christmas I'll dream of a private
yacht sell anywhere if it's hard but I
got the dream that's making me get a
comment here live at the Lightning of
the sacona jolly house what's your
comment are you excited to be here it's
bright well we have actually turned the
lights on yet
Eduardo excuse me young man young man we
can we get alive a reaction are you
excited to be nurser okay oh yeah I can
tell you you're new here thanks a lot
run along run along trap well that's it
go cutting back to you now alright so on
the hive home app we just go Christmas
lights are you guys ready when I press
this button guys the whole thing is
gonna light up are you excited are you
ready okay you ready guys who wants to
press the button press it together
president oh wow look at the Christmas
lights we just turned him out of it what
do i press the button again huh we
turned all the lights off guys no media
don't press the paw it's Christmas time
it's Christmas time okay nobody press
the button because we want Christmas to
stay on for his lot huh
huh all right guys it's a couple of
hours later the kids are all asleep
myself and Anna are just about to go to
bed and guys we just came into the
kitchen and the elves are having some
sort of projected you might clip or
something going on here so you come in
here and they've got some sort of a
party a light party or something going
on open into chairs I get just carry on
here the others are having some sort of
disco dance hmm
so look around see if you can that get
her okay guys guys what's that what's
what's exactly going on here guys mm-hmm
you guys having some sort of a dance
party situation here oh yeah thanks for
watching today's video friends hope you
enjoyed it
oh no no trying to blind you well I hope
you enjoyed the video I give it a like
leave a nice comment watch yesterday's
vlog good luck with SJ xmas as it
continues and i'll see you guys tomorrow
bye house
right
