good morning Whitehill morning Amelie
yeah are you in bed you reading books
book right now you find the mornings her
don't you
well don't you go faster
are you reading too cold the next one no
she took a big mouthful did you like it
it's too hot no we're downstairs okay
come on let's go let's get some
breakfast
come on it'll work so there was no
bananas for the back-up plan is old
school man German Mandarin man you look
a little manly man Oh give it away from
glass have you heard this song
that they dare that that the death
the data that the dad that that that
media and Eduardo immediate helping me
fold oh you went through the whole and
daddy sock
let me see oh no this is what you can -
holy socks Jonathan media puts her arms
through them so this is mommy's folding
and then this is a media's heart I've
got a little helper or two you want to
get into I know why don't you baby
little baby and media you're a big girl
I like your outfit that's very fitting
yes nice dress we're discussing the
effects do you remember the last time
change happened and we're like what is
this remember a couple of months ago at
a time changed and we're like why this
is serious it's like being jacked like
there's nothing this one's worth
but the other ones later this one's
worse like it's like it's like we're
getting about half by in every morning I
like that it's right I like that it's
right oh yeah this is actually like 10
to 10
not 10 to 11 no but in my body fears
know what kind of is it is it 10 to 11 a
really cute time for lunch
what time is it mr. wolf children I came
what time is it mr. wolf
what do you like my look at this though
no I can't wear this property folks my
hair is all I love girls probably a
foundation mark all the way Thursday
there's a few things there's my two
weaknesses yeah girls with ponytails and
girls with baseball hats girls wearing a
baseball hat with the ponytail through
the thing at the back I'm dad I'm done
that's how you get me you're so weird
you've never said that to me once in
your life I have one of you doesn't
complain hair up I might wear baseball
hat no you've never said we're at baby
weighing both I like all that I know she
didn't ask me ever have to share every
stone I know we're we're like oh hey
Gina it's actually good though you know
me and like I wouldn't wear it if I
didn't actually decide yet we got a lot
of and I was starting on I was gonna go
for the gym actually after all cuz I
have loads but I was gonna go to the gym
and then I was picking out like
comfortable clothes and like this is
really okay you can't see anything but
this is really nice it ran its your
tricks today the secona Joey branded one
you know we don't we bought the
friendliest friend t-shirts and you guys
got the whitey
we tried so many different places to try
and get a t-shirt that felt nice you
know finding a teacher that fits your
formed body it's actually quite
difficult
mmm these ones kind of sit well yeah you
know Stein Lucic well wait till you see
it worried of us can you just come down
and I'll show you why this birthday so
oh yeah
yeah it's going on here
you got nappies how am I supposed to
even get down here now
mm-hmm does beebeep beebeep let me let
me get in here
Oh Eduardo is so nice I'm painting even
in the roar I'm not a Fed or plucker I'm
a fighter broke her son I'm not a
fighter I'm a fat son
boy those twirling you around okay you
want to grab one of them now uh-uh-uh-uh
you hold it it's so cute oh my goodness
that is to go into snapchat slides that
needs to be snapped and chatted the bed
did you know what I'm a snapchat if we
don't were in the snapchat I'll leave
the links down below you can watch this
exact snapchat we're gonna see it live
as it happens
Jerry you know why the media or Eduardo
is pushing Emilia around they're all
wired a green bow with a queen bone hmm
share this to my story you get a chase
off to
Oh Oh No careful careful careful careful
Clio okay oh don't encourage the kids to
going well ready ready betcha
oh my goodness she's actually fetching
so she was fetching you back in a minute
okay
are you doing so mommies or they are
daddy's keys yeah to get that e keys did
you steal them you a key stealer yeah hi
for your jumper on Android right yeah
where are you come let me get talked to
my passport and his passport and she ran
in the room which is like two ebooks and
I was like I suppose it just kind of
make sense cuz passports are like little
books what do you have there no these
are mommy and daddy's little books do
you have one to unit or I don't have one
this is mommies and daddies ones you and
Eduardo have your own book and you have
your own big book there mm-hmm so as you
guys know tomorrow is April 1st which is
April Fool's Day and I cannot help
myself making a joke making a little bit
of a prank he gives us April 1st you
know and last year I don't know if you
guys were watching but last year I
convinced everybody Eduardo was born it
worked out really well because the
duardo was jus around April 1st you know
but he was actually born in the night so
I took all of the photos that we had
over media being born and I changed
Ana's em suit to blue because that's
what she was gonna wear and it was quite
convincing convinced about people I
think the year before it was I had said
that we'd actually did puppies because
the puppies were also born in April I
said that we'd had it was like 12 her
piece is not mine I mean you go as a
watchman back then well this year I was
trying to think of a good or because a
really good April Fool's joke is not
something that if you say it and
everybody gets upset because it's not
true you know that kind of wait ask you
something
one so this is this is what we're
working on here you've probably already
seen it yet because it was yesterday we
so reckon it is from the photo shoot I
got some pictures of Amelia and I am
going to say tomorrow that if amelia is
casted it's gonna be in the new home
alone movie which lads I think would
actually be a really good movie if she
was so I'm gonna make the posted thing
now but it'll be fun
because I want it to be like you're kind
of looking about no way oh no wait a
second he's lying
for Jeremy for a second just for one
second I want you to believe it and then
go darn it okay that pictures and works
or trying to recreate it okay look come
in come in come in come here do it do it
again do it one more time for me there
one more time for me do it one more time
for me it'll be worth it
one more time okay you ready go do it do
it do it
really uh-huh
shoot weren't matching well with the
poster one more time ready one two three
go do it and it's making tacos Taco
Tuesday you will come here right now
good give me one more to go ah joke to
our friends how we did it you ready
you ready
all right here we go I think this is a
much better picture to work with so we
pull back in Photoshop for working with
here there's actually nothing there
all right so here look I've got a
dragged in there and that's a way better
dimensional picture looks more accurate
I haven't like blended and all that
stuff yeah for that that's pretty cool
also in turn reduce tough real-time
subscriber candle it keeps moving as
that's running sir right people just
left us so we just came back
hey so what else can that mean what's
wrong
you want some tacos Jagat our taco
distribution center got the meat goes
into the tacos then we go over here
Anna's on the cheesing with the tomatoes
and veggies veggies cheese dominance a
whole bit of salsa - I don't really know
if you're supposed to add the salsa
first sounds like the glue and then the
cheese is like oh the topping needs
someone cheek needs more juice I've had
all this even mine
Wow okay wardroom
you guys ready that wired oh yeah jake
and the neverland pirates
we're tacos why no hmm all right once I
go kids are fast asleep okay we've had a
lot of progress he's done a lot more
work on this okay so this is all right
now cuz it was like there's no once I
created the thing I was like it needs to
M it needs to go into a believable
background so it took a picture over
here and then I was able to color grade
it to match open and creative drop
shadows on it and then actually it's
just doing no oops sorry there's a lock
on one of these ones here you can see
what I used and look so I put that in so
we spoke to create the shadow - all
right there and then I use this to blend
onto it and the color balance it with
the environment then I went and I email
it to myself so come up my phone here
then I Instagram filter this and I'm
ready to share it tomorrow looks so good
doesn't it
oh my god looks cute is this oh my
goodness this is so cool huh and now I'm
kind of tweeting about like hey guys I
can fight we're releasing today which
ready already so I'm medicated and ends
late a boy dad I hope I feel with you
for five minutes because it's kind of
fun
we'll see happen say bye friends
say bye being kept looking at here you
don't deserve me in this life only if I
get a million subscribers when I show my
face again
right there'll be honest lads did i
trick you if you never wonder Twitter's
like cuz I didn't want to trick you like
all day just for a few seconds to go
where's again seriously you know did you
were you trick no although in all jokes
aside mu be hilarious in home alone for
actually Cougars like oh my god home
alone for it they made a home alone for
there's a home alone five give us an old
April like in an April comment let's
make the first that's the start of April
right well let's make a commitment we're
all gonna like the videos comment on the
videos and be best friends for the
entire April and then in May we can
we'll discuss again huh see you guys
later
and this give me evil looks but
