good morning - good morning pants yeah
what are we going
battery uh nursery because Amelia I do
not think you have chickenpox daddy's
gonna race car does it mean I like being
in a race car
is it fine do not think she has the
chickenpox he may have been a false
alarm it's funny because uh I don't know
but I'm so excited we just I will take
her to everything anyway cuz there's no
point in sitting at home because we wait
that wasn't really real you know
and then I'm GP were a bit flake about
it
they wouldn't see her because there's an
infectious disease so I don't know
what's who happens but it's got a ballet
lads I'm actually gonna valley - right
excited for ballet I'm excited for about
all right we are finished in ballet and
every sauna is right there you're gonna
nurse me now see that boy I didn't
realize think that was the end of the
term I mean I got a certificate never
and I was like Oh jeepers I wasn't
prepared for this you're back back here
we're on a risk you let me see let me
see
oh and it's so cool isn't it look no you
got her certificate yeah first of many
I'm sure I think we prayed was like
prize-giving do you get some sweetie
soon wow I was just like given the
sweetness certificate all right what we
gotta go to nursery see Kelly first yeah
yeah she's gonna be so proud of you
you're a very good ballerina the teacher
was talking about moving up to the next
class as well the media's growing up huh
you're growing up yeah
what is your game little ads you can't
get by this thing is holding well lads
my fence my fence situation
come on keko keko keko keko hmm so media
is in nursery new artists inside having
some I'm gonna nap or something laughs
kids are all done I gave me shopping we
are I am I I'm a busy parent this
morning Monday mornings are so
jam-packed guys there's always so much
going on could you - way to laguardia
like it's also got activities and things
to do places to go and stuff it's go me
nuts
it's go
huh it's gonna be cool come on let's go
let's go inside inside mister you're
delaying the process come on it's like
inside inside inside Oh another dentist
appointment I'm seriously living dentist
lately I have to have quite a lot of
stuff I'm not bad but just this was a
routine thing so I'm no one in this
tight now and then it looks like I'm
probably gonna have my three of my
wisdom teeth so that's why I've been
going all the time thinking of getting
Invisalign it kind of been like it's
been something that I've been thinking
of it for a while and I think I'm gonna
get it cuz Alfie's getting it or he's he
has it right now and I'm so jealous
sorry it seems free I know you might had
to have but like to me this whole side
of it I it's like falling down um so
yeah I've just been having some like
routine like fillings and like um just
like routine work and then the wisdom
teeth thing is gonna be like more major
obviously because it's kind of like I
have to be put to sleep so that's why
I'm kind of thinking about it but I have
to have my wisdom teeth out really
realistically if I wanted a Invisalign
so what do you think oh I think I'm
gonna do it but I'm just worried about
the wisdom teeth part not the end of
this line part because obviously the
Invisalign part is not gonna be sore or
like really painful but the wisdom teeth
thing just I've heard so many horror
stories so I don't know I have to think
about it but yeah
I'm freezing now there is such a
ridiculous amount of room in this car
that a child can walk around with the
car all right I think I'm gonna drop
down there did you see it
no we thought if we lost a pencil no a
sweetie I mean they got a suite at
ballet prize-giving what no I don't know
if we should play with these items never
know what could happen huh
don't press that button what's going on
here now Toby Toby
this is our first born son for us little
son of a gun I so can't talk though I'm
getting concerned he's almost fine wait
holes I'll be it sinks what we've had
all these six years isn't that not in
April look at him
it's mad isn't it you only have a dog
you know realize how long I can Oh what
like to meet me in a duardo but then you
don't think about it with the dogs
you've had at least six years a little
boy in six little boy you see he's not
he will be six in April stop saying it
April tomorrow maybe fix you you stop it
what's wrong my hair I don't know what
to do with it
analyst says I should shave it all off
let's you did you said you like but it's
like super short but I'm like I don't
know see the point hairline goes like
nuts look I have like a nutso hairline
and so does it wired Oh unfortunately
but look it's like this far back is here
and it's here I'm just I'm like I don't
know what to do and I'm like well like
keep them really short I was like what
do I put it back like that I don't know
give me some CJ but I know I decided
like just make it super short you know I
don't know give me some suggestions
lives well you're like what I usually do
what my hair is this it solves
everything
no you just shave it like super short I
don't know
boy more excited not looking at the
screen they have the camera things
switched over but I am help and your
hairdressers that they're starting us
out there Tommy I need I need
instructions
accept me doing this but I don't know is
that good it's a nice help which one
you're like yeah grab it quickly pick
one and go let's go go go go go pick one
quickly good be running at a time
you got one oh no get it
not that one where's Goldilocks didn't
you read goes yeah yeah get Goldilocks
okay hey there was a family of bears
mommy bear daddy bear and baby bear
one morning mommy bear said no Pollock
is too what never mind darling is it
daddy bear white cool shall we go for a
walk you see camera can you see camera
oh can you see properly Hey so we're
looking at a higher indistinct for it
why does that birthday party cuz it's a
nifty mayor's team like a Mickey Mouse
Clubhouse
it's so cool isn't it yeah it's not
actually gonna be on his birthday
it's a good bit away actually just to
try and make sure that everyone can
actually be here for the party but I'm
worried that like I don't know I've
never I've never shown
kids party where I had to have been see
castles and stuff so I don't know with
the with the time frame is that you
actually need for them I think school
I'm gonna go see I'm gonna slide things
to go on the side of it it's gonna be so
much fun I'm also thinking that the
adults may be spending more time to the
children in the bouncy castle oh my girl
is like trampoline um a bouncy castle
and a bouncy slide and a party it's
gonna be epic
all right let me go book these oh man
I'm actually on hold right now okay I
drastically underestimated the demand
for bouncy items flats well just call
the guys up hello when I came on I'm
connected to the phone oh my goodness so
like everywhere was sold out not so that
for cocktails which is no way to get bad
people most book these things Montana
I'm new I'm new to bouncy castles and
I'm Chris kids parties with bouncy items
so we're gonna both in anyway we got the
slide and Mickey Mouse Club has a team
thingy book the a know why I was so
concerned at first I was like I was
going in quite comprehend thinking oh
yeah this would be an easy thing we got
it and then I I started my my confidence
was was wearing I was like oh my
goodness oh goodness me but I got a
little man hey I got you a bouncy castle
trust me trust me you'll appreciate it
you'll appreciate it oh why do and why
do I didn't right come on come on come
on I want to show you something come in
come here give me a name homies one come
this way come this way what get oh man
little man huh
you can let go my hand if you want if
you really wanna sure you wanna hmm
nobody will judge you
no but do you judge you if you want to
walk by cutie pie Oh what you want that
hmm see what's in there she's having a
good off go to our route every cheatin
time huh right all right we have some
marinated chicken e'en so what I did
right because of the kids the kiddos
over here they don't like the spice I
put some one sort of this is a barbecue
one I did not realize until this moment
that it was a barbecue flavored one
anyway I was a paper I put the medium
spice on right I'm gonna move right a
little bit and then the marinated in
like the lemon and herb which is like
there's no spice in it and it works you
can see the little bit at you reason
spice and a tough but marinating there
there's sometimes they get Anna to come
in and take it wardo and change him your
tender than mine hey can you say can you
say vandals Disneyland oh guy got camera
that does camera thank you what is this
first we're gonna be what was the
media's first word he's first nervous
mm-hm no not the mamas and daddies I
mean like an actual word it's not mom or
dad
I know but like everyone kind of this
data first and then they say mama but
then it's like an actual word that's not
that or above ah you got immediate I
mean yeah what was your first word
oh she's wasn't Roylott yeah oh man
those homemade dinner surprise it is
tasty I will tell you no lies if I could
be like a waitress
double up Oh - up high I have an order
in order for Emilia anandhi nose and
then Dino's mmm yum yum then
Mandy nose for Amelia all right let's
get down to some business and watches oh
he's working she's all the stack that no
man doesn't bother me anyway all right
come here
let's take a break our friends
stop hitting the like button wouldn't
bother me anyway that did it
I comment subscribe if you're new and
like part n don't do a poo she's nice
see you guys tomorrow weirdo Lucy
goodbye Lucy if I'm everywhere no go see
my buddy no I would eat that right now
hmm
I'm torn whether this ends late is
terrifying or hilarious the dog looks
terrifying okay but Amelia oh my
goodness look at the median Eduardo Oh
ridiculous
Amelia actually looks like that it's
like one of the greatest photo shops
I've ever seen look at the way her face
blends with the hair and everything oh
my goodness it's amazing anyway thanks
for watching today's video gives know
like if you're a licker give us an old
comment if you're a commentator give us
a subscription or lads many want to talk
about subscriptions geez really do you
see how many subscriptions we have oh
boy oh boy it's all I'm gonna say
tell a friend get some popcorn there's
gonna be a party there's gonna be a big
party very soon there's a party girl in
town anyway see you guys well bye
