good morning friends somebody's still in
an hour on us you may have noticed the
blogger's an error earlier today but
that means that hello it's like salmon
or whatever it's like six o'clock is not
a fun situation to be in
we're supposed to go to some Wildlife
Park this morning but slashing rain so I
don't think we're gonna do it naughty
that's Sophia the first you are looking
in the mirror you stop playing the
Miramar no you don't believe me man yeah
Joaquin you're gonna pick me near that
one okay but let me see come here oh you
did actually put makeup on the camera oh
don't put on the camera huh let me see
here though oh I like no nose open in
the camera I like what you did over
there oh we love to make up art oh lucky
face
it's a fact which 100y ball yeah I see
you keep replying it in the same spot
yeah you keep it Hanson
you've been Hanson little friend huh
give me a time a little bend say let's
go to a while at five we shared with you
another time
this is lashing rain so I a pop lunch
never had a pub lunch hey what'd you say
so yeah cuz you're supposed to go in
just a Wildlife Park today
all right we're gonna get the fee tigers
and lions only go into the enclosures
and actually feed them but it's lashing
rain and it's more of an outdoor
experience
so we'll just feed these animals instead
but I'm super excited to do that when we
actually do get to do that hello Zoe now
if we wanted to come and do it with us
today
what because everyone stayed over their
heads last night they'd have to leave it
at nine o'clock so you get to do it but
again this might work out for everybody
we can subvert ocular today whenever we
do get do it they might be able to come
with us
yeah so we're public huh Cindy beginning
I talked about colleges we're doing it
we're doing it today folks honey is very
runny but it'll be nice inside you tell
me in the morning
go in on that trip do into homeless guy
so uh where you going are you going
where you going
stop sets up Marcus Naomi went in here
last night so we had two car seats which
one please car seats was in Zoey's car
for Darcy the other car seat is in the
middle here and Marcus Naomi fit in the
back of the car so it really is a lot of
space in here sometimes a lot of my life
gets scrutinized and I'm most you guys
like I love you guys and I don't want to
share everything with you and just
sometimes people just give me so much
dick and I'm like oh
anyway this is a grand sport Ellie and
it's like a limited edition Grand Sport
it is like the most amazing beautiful
car I've ever owned in my life like
seriously I love this thing so much and
who I didn't like it like a box was
beautiful it was great car and all I
just it didn't suit my life I have two
children and I'm the kind of I like I
like doing things with my kids I like
being able to bring them with me and do
stuff so I wanted something I had more
room to bring the kids and then I found
a car that was like basically a supercar
is this day and the Grand Sport is
amazing you know it has like the Ferrari
Testarossa engine in it you know it is
the aerodynamic skyhook suspension like
double clutch she's an amazing amazing
experience to drive this thing around
you know and it kind of works the family
car like we still have obviously the
cayenne and on this car you know I need
to lock these back in because we had
them out in different cars yesterday but
I am yeah so that's the story actually
what I feel in this one also thanks to
whoever was that left that comment
someone loved the Communists this video
and said look you can put the CEPA
actually behind the seat look in the
seat plate goes back in on top of it
because I had them on it I get along
like that much of a difference but it is
a lot neater you know and like by the
way this is not we bought these this is
not Ricardo did not like send these to
us you eat this old fashioned bought
them because I really like them they're
so cool I can you know oh no dogs are
barking all right bear to go
says give them to someone give it to
y'all standing room do the Alby then
I'll be sitting in bed okay next hey
guys hey guys is that fun huh
Eduardo is so happy with life right now
this is his first time in like a big boy
cars and he's just like looking around
him like alright ready hold on folks
daddy state city is there monkeys she
said I see monkey I see foreign keys
yeah I'm sinking oh oh what's a good ad
maybe in this way the wire mail but more
than just the public our first pub
family dinner experience Lancet Sunday
lunch in the Pope yeah it's exciting
one look you might have to get our own
water over here except oh wait hotel
rooms oh my goodness here it is lives
my first British thing what's this thing
okay last bit but dinners coming no wait
that's a garlic one is it my meat my
mommy's order you some chicken I still
don't know what this is though
that's a Yorkshire pudding Yorkshire
pudding so what is it like bread all
right mrs. what's going on you need more
what's what's going on
watch this right I mean it takes this
she's running into the toilet until I
got booted like a party going on in here
yeah where'd you get them in the toilet
you want to bring them back maybe no
d'action played quite a role in pokemons
as I said we do know we're gonna find
another way to get to the lake to the
jetty over here we're gonna see if we
can find the jetty are you singing find
a way in don't run into the water
Amelia she I think she would oh look
there's a little path
oh my god it's not at number 14 I don't
know it's key you could fall in huh yeah
is there ducks pushing turn into a
competitive javelin competition right go
for here we go here we go representing
the family don't let your family down
don't air your family down that was
impressive all right me too here we go
step up this that was a practice one
that was a practice with doesn't count
no no you got it Amelia's just trip all
right go do it do it do it let me lead
her that nice tan
oh no oh no this doesn't look like a
media that's grass no no careful oh no
what have we found
okay we found the tree house oh my
goodness come here to me
let the taste-off okay the tree house is
actually dangerous I don't know I don't
know if it's a trap or a tree has don't
climb up the ground no and have a day I
would Amelia without a runoff over there
runner I'll race you on your marks get
set go you're going wrong way come on
whoa well erase it Gracie Gracie go I
know you are Oh No
chameleon okay look look look look oh
look oh look but we
I mean is attached to engage look how
curly Amelia's hair is that it's wet
with the rain it's seriously look at
this oh my goodness the kids do I have
curly hair pretty hair what's going on
in here what's going on in here
are you stealing on our doggies is that
your favorite it's being can AV no new
visas the smallest everyone has gone
home
I'm making a pasta vegetable thing for
the kiddos instead everyone's gone home
making a vegetable pasta thing for the
kiddos E I don't know what I should eat
all right I think we have combed one
commonly known as Parklife what is going
on here come on jeepers what's going on
here hello bitch all right let's put all
of this stuff would you be careful there
now princess Penelope all right all
right all right all right you're making
a mess you're making a mess Emilia I
will turn this camera off and I will
beat you is that what you want I'm I
will turn this camera off and I will
beat you look at her hair it Curtis okay
let's put everything back and let's go
upstairs and have ourselves a nice warm
bath
it was a couch inside the girls toilets
and Amelia and Dom see kids were like
sitting on the couch
just like eating food and they'd run in
and get food and run back out into the
toilet bit odd well kids are odd for we
love you we love you do you love you do
we do we do all right let's get here
that's Gary we put them there for
tonight are you ready gonna close the
door
presenting some security charities isn't
that a kind of cumin oh I like that one
I like the way it was designed it's a
very good design there my friend thanks
so much watching today's video
I thoroughly enjoyed my first ever
public experience it's kind of cute and
quaint you see in art and taking out
taking your family to a pulp on Sunday I
don't know maybe I don't know maybe I'm
wrong maybe I'm wrong I was born and
raised in Dublin I don't know if it's a
thing but I don't think it's a thing in
England Ireland where you go I know you
can get carved reasons of what I like
but I don't know
I never went as a kid to a boy I never
experienced like a family Pulp Sunday
thing you know cuz NOP look any cards
like we talked with everyone in Ireland
doesn't know but like quite seriously I
didn't know about that but I was can
cool it was quaint little I felt like
you know I felt like I didn't like a
little hobbits house or something I
doubt because the roof of the building
was like I'm only like about five five
or five six or something and like the
roof of the building was like right at
my head so like a gym or Casper is there
somebody they won't even fit in the door
you know it was like what are those are
these small places anyway thanks for
watching this video hope you had a good
time and I'll see you guys tomorrow
I don't forget to hit the like button
adds give us know comment see you
tomorrow bye
