funny friends it was like kids woke up
at like 5 or 6 o'clock this morning go
to this new phase media wakes up about
five or six goes into Eduardo doesn't
even come down to us anymore
we're like when I told forgotten about
us like wasn't care about us was
directly into duardo let me play for a
while and then them and then they can't
annoyed and born then they scream for us
and then we have to come here yeah it's
wonderful it's wonderful I media right
um not quite sure where the castle is
upside down right oh it's okay that that
weird
I mean wiser chair in the castle did you
do your makeup
I really like the pink lip you've chosen
to go with this morning nothing you're
looking in mirror did you like what you
saw very tinted yeah my doggy friends
thank you friends like one in a walk
okay come on in show you the whipping
tail come on word out welcome to watch
Boise we were just upstairs getting
ready and our getting dressed and I mean
yeah think might have chickenpox I say
it's memorize it nursery and we're gonna
be I didn't guess I was like that might
start on Monday until it well let's save
it is like it's full blown air like at
least myself and Hannah have had it so
we're grinding by Eduardo doesn't have
it for the father although they're not
showing that the only already easier it
is no never I remember having it doesn't
matter it's so hard if you don't you got
a picture we had the open gloves in your
hands did you do that no I had baths in
like porridge like it wasn't a bad in
the part
yeah you're supposed to have a bath and
like you ever ready Rick maybe all the
whites my mom being like natural or
something I don't know but I think there
was an actual thing that she got and it
had porridge in it I just remember my
sister got it my sister it was the first
to get it in a month my mom did is that
she would put my little sister and
myself my brother into her room wit Ruth
and we all have to get infected you know
to get it over and then we're all like
over didn't do maybe like ah don't in
your hand or worse though but my dad he
had a he picked them that's why he
always had the beard
cuz if he shaves he can see the little
mark that's really important you don't
you can get scarred yeah geez
anyway I think that's what it might be
bull you might might not be a doctor you
brought here to the doctor just to
confirm yeah okay heading off to the
dentists again I feel like I'm living at
the dentist's now I have to get my
wisdom teeth removed which is fairly
major so I have one removed already but
I'm going to see a specialist guy I bet
the other ones cuz they've they're not
infected but like one of them is pretty
pretty bad and kind of like at risk of
infection so I need to get them removed
it ASAP so I'm on my way now and I don't
know where I'm going it's a different
interest so yeah Gary do you think if
Margo has it are you gonna show me look
here's one little pop little pop fee is
your till epoxy are they itch II you
know
do you like chickens head back in the
back too yeah okay
do you like chickens you're gonna turn
into a chicken you're gonna turn into a
ticket what is it you can say you're
gonna say whatever you do don't spend
any time with Eduardo yeah are you gonna
give it to Eduardo yeah are you gonna
infect him garlic yeah
old MacDonald's itchy
ya know we're gonna have to get oven
gloves and sellotaped into your hands
yeah yeah cuz you can't scratch them
okay yeah where else is it itchy tell me
all the places with itchy itchy there
where else is it you on your head Wow
yeah where where there
yeah can you get it the second time
you've had it concern you I'm not gonna
like I don't know when I hug it mate
anymore you gonna hug me
best friends can you say best friends
best friends forever
the go poopoo no no yeah wow you were
supposed to know I was supposed to trick
you meeting its face timing what
immediate tell Zoe you have chickenpox
are you gonna show over showing that one
we got one here we got a couple more in
the back are the itchy itchy you gonna
turn into a chicken
yeah oh you just leaving them over there
oh she's showing you she's showing it
wind up oh you want to get up and see
the window - okay how old do you think
it's always gonna be tomorrow is she
gonna be one you gotta dream ten is she
going to be 20
is she going to be 50 yeah you should go
to be 2425 okay how did you know what
why are not white l1 going to be one I
do not know it was insane
good morning middleman how are you doing
oh yeah
mano has a very specific waking up
schedule hey why don't you remember we
thought you had a little cold you know
what it turns out that you might
actually have the chicken pox yeah Oh
can you say chicken pox I think so
so uh call GP you try to make an
appointment or gonna call me back then I
watched some videos on the NHS site
about it and it was saying I can take
like ten to twenty days to be infected
are you gonna make it oh you're gonna
lose the chair oh you ate it so I'm
gonna give you a little check vital but
least Amelia Zack spirits seemed good
yeah I'm very excited okay arrived our
seats
so nice oh my goodness
young sport here oh this is so cool all
right let me unbox these bad boys let me
show you them I look so cool is that
these are the guys actually made the
real race car seats like the proper
sport seats
just drop it
oh my goodness he broke the front of the
plane it's muy bucks no she broke the
plane wait
I went all the way to Madrid to get that
oh I got it
although it can't look like other little
bits came off - hey you might take the
tag off at this stage oh yeah you could
have done that here you know mm-hmm
where's your Bobo come upstairs come on
Eduardo look I'll put them side by side
you see tip I give good protection is it
crazy do you like it look you can sit
beside it wire like this your wire is
going that way you want this one
okay now do you think you love it he
likes it oh I'm so happy he's such a big
boy and he actually doesn't look that
like small in it yeah she looks like
proper-sized hmm we think we might have
to put them in the car and then like
test drive it oh how cool is this huh
it's written in the back it's so
cool-looking they look so comfortable
okay does you like squash in there whoo
so much space in the back of this car
it's crazy I just saw they like first
driving a lot we do them back there it's
so cool isn't it I love it
they're so cool they like they match the
car as well like I don't looking with
space like so cool I'm really happy they
came should take them out for a quick
Drive just attach the car seats
obviously Jeremy you need to do that
much more play fetch with tio tio is
over here today let's get the ball
please go the ball he's got Cleo's down
tails nuts come fetch company boy
t√≠o deals on a trampoline try and make
tio bounce he'll run into the middle
look at movies that's going on in there
don't come in this is it we're not
allowed height wardo you gonna jump with
wardo and Cleo Cleo does not care I know
she's terrified
hey why no why no bones bones bones oh
oh we have water
what he's not getting wet always he'll
come into yo do you want to come in
yeah
okay bye-bye
what it's not it's not allowed in there
now yeah no how come why isn't daddy
allowed don't come in my goodness guys
totally forgot to tell you and this is
the video that Anna and the media shot
hey Anna media shot when I was over in
Spain I think I don't know if you saw in
the video when I was talking with the
cake in cupcakes but I'll leave a link
down below it's on that mums have you
challenged your totally check it out
it's so cute as always don't stop move
in let's get meself a tasty meal I love
those guys the kids so we decided to get
some food I went to the GP with Amelia
the guy was saying that like normally
you know it within five days when they
first get out they're like super
contagious he's like we're doing a few
things this weekend so kids aren't gonna
go to some of the things because if
anyone's pregnant or if anyone actually
is not immune to it so we just need to
check with everybody and we're like you
know what I'm not 100% sure what the
first thing we're doing tomorrow so
we're not gonna bring the kids with us
and then the other thing we're doing on
Sunday I checked with the our friends
that were hanging out with on Sunday
night everyone else is cool so we're
gonna bring the kids with us it's the
first like big infectious disease thing
you know I was like it's an infectious
thing now and it's just kind of
interesting on Twitter so many people
were saying would you not just get
inoculated for isn't it it's another
reminder of how how big the world is but
a smaller world is and how different the
world is you know how different we do
things on our side of the world and our
other food eating sunny
like we don't inoculate for here what
happens is that if one person gets
chickenpox all their friends and
families come over and try and get their
kids infected it's like the infection
game anyway we're gonna go and get some
food and I will talk to you guys
tomorrow I think we should roll a nice
tasty and slate I feel it I feel like
it's a tasty and a nice and it's good
out here whoa hooligan hello friendliest
friend and welcome Judith ever so dapper
end slate experience and as the Poppins
I'm the chimney sweeper Emilien Eduardo
de little rascals it was until Rascals
like a movie or something it's a really
good rinse I look at the facial
placement I don't know a facial
placement is a thing but it just
invented it thanks for watching today's
video
give us know like give us know comment
subscribe if you're new and check out
that I'm baking video Amelia and I was
really cute links down below and I'll
see you tomorrow bye
