see you've brought the light into
Eduardo's bed are you having a campfire
yeah is it very hot is that how you cook
the food morning guardo you eat it what
are you cooking what are you cooking
what you cooking good looking you guys
are Louis winning why tell my friends
where this morning illuminate the
situation
oh so illuminations go in there
sirens heading off Amelia money's really
so busy that I said you know for Amelia
to do ballet and after a ballet Oh
after ballet I mean yeah I mean he's
gonna school yeah you go to school no I
mean Eduardo we're just gonna hang
hanging like Hector huh what's this
bowtie it's all I hear you got both
sides up you look like you might have to
prodigy Bo na na what's my name
banana what's my name hello I'm a cheeky
banana you know I owe my friend Oh No
take my top gift Oh
Oh your feet if my banana no 100 on some
chicken bowler you want a chicken boner
hmm alright my friend
it's the biggest decision in your life
pick one you want to go with about all
your make it nice and niche
okay pick one breakfast has been
completed and cleaned upon you know
watching some Aladdin and we are dressed
as a princess
do a twirl let me see your twirl new
world dance to the song
dangle point of you did it Wow
well as it's cold I'm in a vest miss
white I ordered two new car seats
because sometimes it's really annoying I
have to come in here and change car
seats over because they were in my car
yesterday and then I hand off and I'm
this car all right the changeover oh
okay but I got a dispatch notice this
morning for my little cool little racing
car once I'm already excited to get them
it's funny how your life changes like
that you know I know I'm excited to get
car seats when did that happen
you're a pretty good dog look at you it
looks a high hot mom mm-hm
oh look one minute to go one minute to
go mentor no make it oh hi Amelia bye
fine
I didn't even see them hi hey we're
gonna take you cooking outside little
boy oh he's in the duckies see the
little doggies little boy did you have a
nice time in ballet yeah yeah watch out
for cars what did you do running and
jumping yeah did you do good toes
naughty toes yeah and dancing all right
we have to go now we have to go back to
back home because mommy forgot the bag
for a nursery so we have to get that
first and then eventually go to nursery
and it's really packed now that thing it
wasn't so hot when I was parking back
off to nursery now or yeah nursery
because we just collected her bags and
we've got her water which is leaking
everywhere oh my goodness
okay why is this not going on properly
uh-huh just work I'm actually leaving
her there today for the first time which
is a little bit different so that's
going to be a change but I think she's
going to be fine
aren't you I'm going to come back for
you then okay I'm just going to go off
to the shops get some milk and bread and
then I'll come back for you at nursery
all right hey one shall I do yeah
P yeah yeah what shall lots of songs and
you're gonna have lunch there too
we're here you so excited right let's go
and play catch
okay lucky yeah I go in I tried yeah you
can ask the teacher if you go on the
slide come on all right I am off
select Amelia from schoolies let's see
what it's like because remember I was
saying last time when she collect her
she looked in the window and I mean it
was really annoyed that she was there so
I'm like let me go up and collected this
time and see if there's any at all these
keys see if there's any difference with
that when we collect in her in her
sucker this there all right so we're
finish you off mm-hmm
I mean they had wonderful time we are
going up to see this little baby shop up
here I want to say to have those toilets
you know they're like maybe toilet seats
just on my hat so I think Amelia has
evolved past the party now onto the seat
huh you're gonna get a big girl seat new
well it's not a party per se it's better
than a party oh yeah exactly
yeah four pees and poos like a big girl
because lately we're not even on the
potty anymore was sitting and she can
kind of hold herself a little kinda
scary I suppose it's like your wrists
have to sit on the toilet where the 20
seats were okay we got a terrified
you're gonna fall in what it's like all
right let's sort of fun with this little
step' thing in this baby born little
toilet thingy okay this is cool cuz Baby
Bjorn is quite good let's look at the
set hey where you going come on
you ready we go we go home and see
Eduardo no you need a new toy cookies
like from school whose mommy and a
doggie friends yay hey come on
Amelia's not too impressed I didn't buy
her the dolly in the shop come on you
wanna show mommy your new toilet he's
got my teeth cleaned feels so much
better
they bled though cuz I'm so bad I
haven't flossed in like a really long
time so she was like you need to floss
I'm so bad she was like that's why the
Americans have such good teeth because
they always lost and they always go to
see their hygienist glad I got charlie
alright media is gonna stay in her room
and read books oh good girl
I'm gonna put this in a monkey man into
bed no monkey mad
hey hello monkey man alright come on
inside inside close the door
watch your toesies okay
now have ourselves a little nap let's go
hey monkey man naked monkey man
I won't let it open up for us but what
other force the hope you man that you
are all right should we have a sneezy
jacuzzi mmm-hmm we change the bed sheets
last night in reoffended she was a
person you person no what are you I said
I'm a person that is a person oh yeah
you're not a person you are a person
yeah Amelia is a person
you're a person named Amelia personal
you know I'm Ferris intermedia we're all
people and you're a person and all that
because everybody's people
hey buddy process people person to kid
all right you have a little sneezy
jacuzzi hi Alicia let's get a jump up
scare you like why do you have a black
dog because you can't I saw you come in
there's like four hours later you got
into the car like what are you doing I
was reading your text whoa that's pretty
cool you got a little step can you sit
on it give to turn gift a turn look put
that foot forward and that back and then
turn and then pop up can do it it's a
tricky one
Wow let me see how you fit girl oh you
can use that to reach your cat pets you
know you're thinking palace beds do you
like your new toilet oh it's for not
just big girls really big girls huh
daddy doesn't even use one enough that's
that is toilet
whatsoever what are we doing huh we're
taking it to the next level Oh Coco Coco
wow you got on yourself you get off
yourself Wow whoa
very good look at you huh Oh Little
Britain we bring that with us that can
be use for all sorts of things they can
use for all sorts of things have you
always wondered what was up there now
you can find out yeah me I'll do it the
kitchen look at this little bit of hair
oh my goodness
they're so funny yeah yeah Warlow what
you got there you want to shake it shake
it shake it shake it shake a chicken
chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken
chicken chicken chicken right I suppose
I should probably finish the trampoline
oh my goodness you know it's really hard
right I'm like I'm so adamant about
starting things and finishing things
because if you don't you know when you
start something and then you don't get
it finished you get it like even even if
you got a 99% finished and then you have
to finish it the next day that point one
percent is so difficult to do because
you've already completed the task you
know or like I've completed the task I
did that all it works and everything
that's just I just have to go around
like living this is gonna take me like
10 minutes to just go around and reclip
all of these little things here
underneath and around and under there as
far as I know
yeah well I could probably make it
tighter Bush essentially that's the jaw
beam definitely seems to be hold and now
that's better wearing what she was okay
there we go
tada
what is going on in here hey are you
opening the gate immediately talking to
people outside camellias all right
you've actually opened the gate who do
you know when you open the gate
Cinnabons
okay Amelia's letting people in letting
people into the compound just make me
some dinner we haven't had this in a
while
this is I got some Japanese okay got
some Japanese vegetables well I mean
also Japanese but I like this this is
cool it's like I got these on a cod oh
it's called Love Me Tender and you can
just like get different stir-fry packs
of that cheese and like herbs and stuff
it's really cool you don't even have to
think about it you just throw it in so
we're making green Thai curry with I
know that's not actually Japanese like
Thai and Japanese but whatever um I
liked the look of the Japanese
stir-fried veggies because I like these
little things I don't know what they're
called bamboo SH no that's not that I
don't know they're like oh what a
chestnuts maybe I think that's what they
are not bamboo they have the long
broccoli and the snap peas and there's
coriander as well
I think that's coriander actually no
idea but I'm gonna put it in anyway and
then I'm gonna make it with some white
rice which a media loves who remembers
the time when green Thai curry
was that a focus there it is where Green
Thai curry was a staple in the home of
ciccone Jody's German I was like our
staple yeah
and literally it's been it's been like a
year have we ever had in UK no no it's
our first time having green Thai curry
in UK I remember knock on Thai I missed
outed by Courtney as well knock on time
so good is in Douglas so good you think
if you got it shipped over can they
deliver hmm do I get yeah I mean you had
a lasagna for lunch today did you eat
your lasagna yeah YUM anyway Chantal
adds another cool little thing there's I
liked a little pool idea let's give me
ideas for my imaginary house that I'm
going to build sometime in my
imagination or maybe hold on let me just
build it in my imagination that's the
thing lads you got a dream things you
know think of a dream right and you
never know if you keep that dream in the
forefront of your mind someday due to
the laws of attraction and as long as
you stay focused the dreams that you are
dreaming might actually come to reality
hmm that's a little bit inside ahead for
you today you know thanks for watching
today's video I am dreaming you're going
to hit the like button leave a nice
comment and subscribe if you're new
that's my dream for today hey thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
