welcome to day whoa welcome to day 5 of
s J Xmas what's that you want to know
what today's super special surprise is
we'll come on in to my grotto now can
you spot number five oh look it's not
conveniently right where I wanted to be
could you benefit from all of that
makeup friends inside of this is the
benefit hoola bronzer they're real
mascara benefit browsing brow shape
palette Porefessional primer and
bullying concealer guys inside the
coolest suitcase from benefits in the
world could be earth if you win all you
have to do guys just tweet using the
hashtag SJ Xmas and at benefit UK and
tell us friends what is your favorite
type of Christmas party and I'll see you
guys tomorrow for another SJ excellent
the most incredible Christmas giveaway
your eyeballs have ever seen enjoy the
vlog
I can't wait for Christmas
dad saw the Christmas
people like what is the hardest thing do
with three children getting out of the
house
Thank You Amelia it's very difficult to
get everybody organized and out of the
house on time for luckily we don't still
have their iPads so it's all gonna work
ash three kids in the back two of which
are on iPads and did you bring one for
Alaska
yeah no you didn't have to just think
just asking
your own set herself yet have you okay
she is their phones and my sorry my
phone and she calls my battery like I'm
home and then you're sitting there like
listen to your audio book the whole time
like oh this is amazing
oh cool and everyone else is having the
laughs and then I'm there that's my
phone and my broken arm and bingo was
his name-o b.i.g and you're like oh wow
I listen to like 15 audiobooks the whole
book tour this was great I'm like great
was it great had a great time ah welcome
to my book tour 20 I don't know 20 or
something if I ever write a book and I I
guarantee no bingo was his name-o okay
no babies no stupid me having a broken
arm with the broken dead battery phone
okay if I do a book tour ever it's gonna
be amazing we planned so well no
children involved
in fact no breeding people at all no
breathing objects just like books and
that's it let me recommend no no no no
reading people alone
okay just give me on my own Whitlam
books I don't want to meet anybody in a
room full of books and that's gonna read
the book tour so for like a week or two
it's gonna get sit at Hotel them on your
own with no breathing not actually
sounds amazing do I sit there recently
it's a sauna in here
wash your car wash your car yeah you
know you guys you really get you cold
to make it to heart turning the heating
off
my throat's still really raised or if
though nobody cares
whenever I get you know nobody cares
oh boy Jonathan gets ill and like
the world endings are the world's and
have I ever taken the day off enough
love
yes there's being those days where I've
had to take over actually and I get no
thanks for it it's two things
I'm getting off every night felis you're
not getting up every night affair I'm
getting up every night put it wired
about today no I had to force you to do
it anymore because you were there and I
came back from like half an hour of
feeding they made a love tonight and I
was like all right
it's a CCTV please move Eduardo back to
his bed
samia's night and I had like an eye to
it just like wonderful human I am and
then this morning I made everybody
pancakes I did I'm yeah you know why
because I put my foot down and was like
I'm not where I go to time your pancake
with your coffee and I never get thank
you I never get anything
I told oh no all the dogs watching are
with me on this this when moms get ill
nobody cares life just keeps going and
they're expected to just keep on keeping
on so okay hey guys this is what we did
last year for her breakfast and I'm
watching you like but I'm sorry you have
never fed her breakfast on your entire
life so stop pretending I'm trying to
help you
wasn't pretending yesterday he tried a
million wanted for all day yesterday
look at that right almost almost still
within my rights back up back up back up
do not let pass what Oh Christmas
stickers yeah they're they're Christmas
stickers here yeah it is look at the
seagulls
they're so noisy when they when they go
off all seagull Inc
seagull like do you have a new song
Eduardo it is more saw saw saw hammer
Hammer hammer saw saw saw saw are we
getting on us
oh okay careful careful careful watch
media pay attention all right cross eric
is new flight is amazing huh it's so big
isn't it
look at many tables and chairs she has
here whoa
your new flats amazing it's very
spacious
it's you get this again yum yum yummy is
it yum yum yummy yummy yummy you guys
are wearing matching tops well Kenya
what is that oh is it something in its
brain then or something what's inside it
there's something in there maybe do the
baby n' guys is this gonna explode the
baby's coming
oh oh just liquid and everything yeah is
this the baby milk Erica what do you
what is this
is it gonna explode I'm scared it's
gonna explode let's just put in here oh
I can see some eyes here oh wait what
what is the liquid though Oh baby's
coming the baby's coming me did you want
a boy or a girl a girl alright let's see
what you got here like a hat
what look it's it's still growing
okay we have had we've hashed to hatch
them all but we're not quite sure okay
let me show me at there Eduardo let me
see so inside it was there was no baby
inside it is the baby you know there's
no there's no baby guys there's just
weird milky stuff oh but there was no
baby in there guys no I'm not sure or
what kind of lesson they're teaching
children you don't always get a baby
wash maybe Sierra knew him
I'm just definitely something in it on
it this little packet in there we just
pop this and beside markers what Eric
told me I was first to pop it his most
excited prized possession a water bottle
a water bottle oh my goodness WM for
Christmas yeah you know water bottle
what dreams are made of the thing that
dreams are made of all for you ready
ready oh oh you guys thanks okay so your
food has come with a head prawns I
usually have little heads on them hmm
take me to your need this guy is not
scary the 10 things - yeah just do my
work that guy's team boy by 60% got7 are
those got to change and said to the head
barber
I'll get the legs go you know don't
don't ignore the legs legs nothing at
its best
- iPads Elfa streets guys this hands
which and this yeah we're trying to
figure out where we're going for the
puddings make it all easier put our
heads down Christmas Eve bring
Christmasy everyone's left us guys come
to say I mean it be careful
are you guys ready are you ready this is
the best Christmas movie the kids have
never seen this movie we try to explain
to a moment ago what's it about
are you ready guys now this is this
could really happen to either one of you
someday there's quite a lot of children
now so this could really happen
are you ready yeah
but this is about a little boy who's
left home alone well I will try not to
do it for you but I can't guarantee
it'll never happen
Hey ha ha it's like in the book
all right I like the special effects the
flames cause you just realize it wardo
looks like Macaulay Culkin Eduardo
mm-hmm
and then look like a Macaulay it's gonna
look like when he grows up
Berto did you make us disappear
how are you
and then we all fell asleep not only
totally to peep like a people for
Christmas people friends is not the
greatest gift from beneficial oh my
goodness if you don't enter I'm entering
ok I'm actually gonna enter this one
because I think I would look beautiful
but oh my goodness thank you again so
much the benefit the trunk thing is
something that you can't even buy that
guys but I asked benefit I said Annie
remembered give us the trunk of love I'm
naming it the trunk of love I don't know
what it's actually called but I guys
make sure to enter I don't forget sjx
miss at benefit UK and enter and crush
it now be so cool if I was into makeup
that I just think it's so cool okay
forget the makeup just the trunk my
friends don't forget to watch the other
videos and subscribe if you're new and
you like button and things like that and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for another
SJ Xmas Lebar
