hello-o
hopefully it will be Ted I see a boils
up there he'll get water all over here
Marnell Marnell can I help you do you
need something little fella oh I prefer
you didn't throw me on the floor
hello friends hello friends welcome to
today you built a castle oh my goodness
you did she's stacked upon her blush did
you put a little everything out from
today we build the fence the new fence
and the doggies are no longer because
last night I remember I didn't want to
finish it because it was getting dark
and then they told us they played the
toilet my emotions and I think I'll get
the last night because they're being
foolish don't get up there don't you
know it's dangerous in media yeah that
mirror I like that there I don't have
one mirror my room I'll take America GD
bounine a cheeky banana a chiki chiki
chiki chiki chiki banana remember cheeky
bananas and the adds the ripe as well
you're on a boat and you're always like
a cheeky banana yeah Oscar it was a
funny cheeky banana look at your hair
look
curls no more but look at these lights
do you see this I think it media it's
curly hair no I had pretty hair and so
do you
well you didn't your kid ball
Dwight Oh banana banana banana oh it's
my name okay firstly I need to fix this
properly you know laughs is it wet okay
thanks oh okay where does the science
come from okay I figured out what the
problem was anyway guys look he's a life
just I had I think I connected him today
so some right I need to go around the
pole so anyway it's not really important
show me your jumps show me your do do
your doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
how you do oh no I stepped in a wet pile
ah no he's wet
oh no no bring this age it's coming what
huh
look it's chasing us we must bounce it
away don't sit away don't I've been
banished I've been banished from the
trampoline for making OS Oh No okay show
me your big jump goopy jump Wow No
I'm not allowed in am i you jump are you
ready and dressed appropriately to come
working with Daddy yeah I couldn't get
you wanted to wear the bow but I need
her to wear a hat so we reached a
compromise for the bow yeah I tried to
get this on but that's it watch it all
right huh
you're dressed appropriately yeah okay
daddy's gonna put on his garden boots
we're gonna get to work all right you
know we got the same on for this
operation phase one was on the fact that
let's keep our faith tree I tried a few
different things well here we go that's
permanent phase look at the Sun look at
the Sun they just they just knocked it
over
it's just like been having a Hooley over
time well the hooli's over lights can
you say no more hooli all right no more
hooli you hear me worries
no more fooling around alright say
goodbye to this area let's go come on
it's like a rock yeah cool
we're from from the earth from Mother
Nature yeah I suppose kinda oh you get
it hmm all right let's build our field
our wall two minutes into the job and I
almost broke my hand not the best start
of the day gonna feel that at some point
later on but uh it's not look much
better than the green thing it looks so
pretty you don't even see it's almost
camouflaged that's cool you enjoy your
time this is over yeah that's a snips
that's a hammer there cable ties would
you find that's chalk you can write
underground with chalk and we used to do
that remember that you guys in
Washington since we were in Ireland and
we said all the kids in the road would
come out every evening Anna was pregnant
with Eduardo that's one of the things I
miss about Cork I think a road friends
you know our neighbors and their
neighbors neighbors and all the kids and
every evening like I know what kind of
having a serious one rough she feels she
was like heavily pregnant with Eduardo
her head side and played with all the
neighbor kids and stuff like that and
that was kind of cool and I kind of
missed that you know what the head shaka
needs to like draw pictures on the wall
tutor girls like she's drew amelia oh is
that going there yeah okay will you stay
here and play your car daddy's going
back to work okay we're making good
progress well you said you wanted the
car you don't even know what you want to
do
yeah anyway look we've come early we've
come a long way there's not so much
better looking huh I've only temper up
temporarily use cable ties just to hold
it for a minute but it looks so neat
much better so leave it as a surprise
for you too oh my goodness
Amelia is going to love this you know as
well they're both gonna love this thing
apparently like the French word for kids
contain it at one time that's got four
torch got two more kids just I think
it's amazing like did we clean your ears
today yep yep they were yucky or
anything yeah is that a good sign Jambo
yeah love everybody
everybody knows everybody knows in media
blackout and Eduardo what yeah and the
media loves Eduardo who's your favorite
mommy or daddy
well your clubbers gonna be a lawyer
who's your favorite daddy or mummy
Ricky understands he knows yeah hmm she
knows look at her head though she's
analyzing she's like sure like hey it's
like I can't I think mom and dad you
bring different things in polvo yeah
okay who's your favorite David what you
doing mister you playing with us III
school so it's this Saturday so we
thought that we do some baking yeah
we're gonna do some baking yeah
what are we baking whose cookies no yeah
but who did we get the recipe from
butter yeah no we got it from Zoe but we
actually got the recipe idea from Zoe
and then I got the recipe from Tanya's
blog so that's who whose blog I'm using
to M or whose recipe I'm using right now
and I don't have white chocolate which
is kind of a pain because that's like my
favorite one John feels like that's fine
I don't care I was like yeah obviously
you don't care you don't even like
chocolate so I have dark chocolate I
have milk chocolate and you're supposed
to use white chocolate too I'm pretty
sure he's orange it yeah yeah pretty
sure is that we didn't use dark
chocolate and then a Tonya's recipe
there's dime bars which I obviously
don't have either but we're just gonna
kind of them you have it goes chocolate
time
No can I have some of the chocolate no I
took someone to chocolate
I got a filthy look didn't we I mean
yeah your job is to put all of these
squares in there they better be as good
as always
right I mean yes favorite part licking
the pole you like this part is it nice
chocolate cookie is it nice today I
think she's just too engrossed to Fords
so we've made our giant cookies
chocolate on the floor made our giant
cookies and now I think I probably used
a lot less or a lot fewer chocolate
chunks and Zoey or tentative but
hopefully they turn out okay so we're
gonna put them in the oven now for 11
minutes and see what happens and has
made chocolate pizza would you like a
cookie
they do look matters like well the top
ones are okay these pans well yeah
underneath they were like oh have you
ever purchased me know I exist
look at that monsters I've been cool for
like half an hour look at that monster
darling yeah they're gonna I done
finish your salmon finish your salmon
finish your salmon first so good they're
actually bigger than the media though
bigger than me is help bigger you don't
touch them go ahead and finish your
lunch first
so it's a little while later I had a
shave as you can tell and we decided
together shall have some correct so
young for pizzas because yes sir we
should have had pizzas because it was a
Friday but he didn't actually how it
pizza party fighting I feel like is
they're not actually normal pizzas
they're amazing they're way better than
normal pizzas lads they are like the
best pizzas they're like really long and
take or something like that
I don't know that's good I mean that's
so good we also got a breadboard
breadboard look see it looks like oh
it's cool look at it separated on it
take a little margarita a mozzarella and
that asparagus yeah that's cool
oh it ended we're having a live-in Maddy
dance party living Maddy dance party
everyone's gone what's next
who knows who knows what's next do you
know what's next oh I think it's the
indica with you know it is yeah I know I
know I know that's what happens when it
comes to the end of mr. Conan Jodie's
video boyfriends look at that mmm the
koni koni Jolie's that the family do do
they're from Ireland County Cork and
Dublin they've traveled overseas there
was a Vania
and Eduardo we could do our lives alone
he's so cute
I'll be the dinosaur I suppose he's a
bit of a dinosaur because he's like six
in dog terms that's like ancient lads
anyway thanks so much watching today's
video hope you enjoyed it we are just
back from swimming and all my goodness
I'm so happy for a media like I've been
like like practicing with her like since
I don't know like a very year so I'll go
look for never like the first time I
went to Sorrento and we're about two
years ago I can get in the water and
just working with her slowly and just
like always trying to get her to
progress on you know I used to teach at
swimming to little kids her age like
years and years and years ago so discern
the same sort of techniques and today
she did she let go of me
she was terrified at first but I was so
proud of her to check here that go and
actually I'm alone I'm gonna check my
Instagram and snapchat for video and
photographic evidence anyway that's too
long I better go as you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching it's know like hit
up the old comments and subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
fight
