morning friends whore up nice and irony
are you a place in irony yeah what's
that Wow my fans they were up early and
it is fully over casted that is unfair
but is it totally totally keeps my heart
I don't know tell you
well we won't even see it nor will we go
blind
well yeah so basically the clouds have
saved us
fine thanks clouds so it's supposed to
be at 8 o'clock here or like 8 or 9 or
something right now
it's like ones and that's how 7 so oh
how do you want to see it I thought it'd
be cool I know it's bad you missed it
oh now you're gone that rent dogs look
after them will never heal my robot
bounine wiped my name bounine we have a
one-year-old and then almost tree rolls
can you say poor Nana what's my name
do that tomorrow Amelia and mommy
where's Amelia mommy going they're gonna
cool cool school and Eduardo and Addie
little adventure as well huh
the girls and the boys huh come on boys
team
bye girls team oh okay all right
so mommy in the media this is gonna be
fun
hopefully it's nice and empty cuz it's
like a Friday morning okay Bree we have
that look like an eclipse the
non-existent eclipse you know hmm
you got a boat thing wrong okay we're
done in the swimming what Mommy wanted
to go home we're home
are we home little man no no we have to
get the gate all right we're home part
two and the car is still there hmm let's
see if mommy at me they are home yes we
went swimming no I thank you
you make it lunch oh thank you very much
what did you do did you play outside
yeah a little boy named Ross know what
oh you weren't there
yeah Anna was in it you're in a
different room the parents really yeah I
played it Ross Elsa Wow look at you huh
whom is popular when she saw me at the
door her face dropped she was like so
annoyed he had to go I saw her she was
playing like hi and her face like she
looked up and she went like like her
face was all like do you like it they're
like okay we have to go and she kept
saying like another song another song
she loves it did not wanna go and she
and then in the song they have to like
pretend to be asleep and then jump up my
moon animal and they were like hey last
one last one and she was like where you
go she's so clever that was my kid yeah
I wasn't where I do I wasn't worried
that she'd hate it I was like she's
gonna love it
I have you know she's like she's so
independent she's so social like did not
care of it yeah and like she and she
kept fun without us so funny like she's
so fucking rude
well they started bringing their dinner
out yeah and they put like peas there's
peas and she was like no I want this I
want this of like since when do you want
peas me yeah like see what look at this
little collection selection here it's
like it a little school let you know
when you go to the canteen did you ever
have them in school my friend
but my mama I feel like you know like in
there orange is the new black you know
when you release like the thing on a
rope in the slop it my dear prison or
our school which are there's a lot of
similarities to prison in school so the
kids got president from a me so not my
mom but my mom is mum diagraph
great-grandmother so cute
it just came now actually they're gonna
love this that is actually a really good
present I thought it was just a card
media Eduardo you got a present from Oh
me yeah it's for both of you do you want
to see yeah here you hold it hold this
no you hold this part oh it's tight oh I
need a scissors okay hold on you say
thank you - oh me yeah oh yeah I can
stay it okay all right what do you think
my new lamp it doesn't have a Bob know
yet doesn't know Johnson bought them
today I think okay you guys play til nap
time
it's almost nap time I need to clean up
the doggies aren't here so there's like
carnage after dinner or after lunchtime
look at this
that's anyone but have a quick nap now
right and guess what when you wake up
there's nobody down there but when you
wake up okay
is it a deal yeah that's a deal
that's a shake of a handshake for a deal
dude a handshake
I'm Jake punch and shake deal fine let's
go Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled
pickles pickled peppers Peter Piper
picked a peck of peppers Beckles pipes
alright eyes weren't you ready hey what
voice what voice we do it in we willie
winkie runs through the town what this
does announce the house in his
night-gown nothing no crime from
Hammacher Noland then I say it's 8
o'clock you're not in bed you're getting
to bed right now for Willie Winkie
wallah / whatever you call them
I want a book the books are done I say
to you it's time to whoo good night
you have yourself a sleepy now or better
give you a fright oh oh I see how it is
oh I see how it is even had the Sun
Eclipse thing right now would look
amazing
okay so I'm heading off you have one
canister because look at this right
doggy I'll show you when I get back
doggies I always seem to get past the
fence over there and it's like really
annoying and then they start barking and
stuff so I wanted to try and build
something I did kind of half did it
before it kind of worked for a while but
I figured that they figured out a way
around it to beat the system so I'm
gonna go and try and get some stuff
trying to see over you can see the like
green thing here I need to get like
spikes and pegs kind of like this so we
can build up a sort of a wall across
there and stop the doggies running up
here and annoying everybody but yeah it
was easy oh I have these on because I'm
in the middle of a call well I'm on hold
right now what about this for an idea
right instead of the green netting that
I have look at this stuff it's magical
just opens up you know that's really
unique last time I said this is the end
of it but this is seriously the end of
your flight of misery and despair the
destruction
building boom super-weird Arden on that
light TV show we did another thing that
was this hi guys
hey where does on TV Jim right thing we
recorded today we went over to see the
live show yeah yeah I caught it though
they just saw everyone just thought
except for you
hey Marlo hey wait Oh immediate what are
you just drawings and says are you
contemplating jumping down right off
what are you thinking is on sing me a
song everyone
Wow crops crops winter what's on Amenia
Elsa Anna and then Elsa who Hey Oh some
blurry it's gonna agree okay a Friday
night movie
I went to watch we were there remember
media and we saw those fireworks huh the
caption yeah
it's so cute forget them
alright we are cooking up a storm here
lies making a Oh making some tacos Pizza
Hut taco party son fry oh sorry I don't
know who are all for the pizzas but then
we were like have some tacos I'm feeling
Mexican that's how it's feeling so we're
doing that wanna go outside quite behave
yourself
oh I decided internet tomorrow cuz it
got dark and then I was seeing some
minor stuff and then I was like you know
what I should eat at tomorrow because I
might actually need a couple hours to do
it and I didn't want to have to start
and then kind of halfway get dark and
stuff
hey that is the reason we're putting the
fence up this is the result lads oh it's
a cheesy Taco Time you like the cheesy
taco time because when you do things you
need garden gloves and then you use them
let's open nuts you don't understand
about gardening gloves
because they weren't out by being shot
he always without fail from the spices a
new pair yeah but those clothes are for
because I'm building a fence I need them
all have I've chased hands I have
sensitive skin like 15 pairs do you not
they were in the old house in Ireland
Oh so we didn't bring them my goodness
right hey what are you doing all right
let's get out of here I was taking them
upstairs yes hey bye friends why thou
burns
I can't wait that I'm going to be driven
actually drive on my own on me Todd and
I stay at home let's see what happens
International symbol discotheque right
one see you guys later don't forget that
hammer the like button hit the like
button leave a comment
who this end slate is dedicated to Anna
and her obsessive love for cat pets or
Palace pets as I say I keep calling them
cats and then I get in trouble and the
elusive horses I cannot be found those
horses are the things that Anna's gonna
learn about I think they're sitting down
on the pedal I don't know I don't even
know I'm getting drawn into this palace
pet world look at the font though that's
a really cool font see - I just Sakuni
Jolie's is written it's written kind of
like Disney that's a really cool font
anyway thanks so much for watching
today's video
I hope you had a good time watching it I
there may never ever be any more saucony
Jony children due to the fact that
Amelia assaulted me with a hammer last
night it she's probably like that's it I
want to feed his fat the only daughter
that put an end to that anyway hope you
enjoyed the video give us know like lads
maybe a comment and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
like
