hello you know I don't I missed you
yesterday sheets your hand stuck I
missed you last night
when I went up to this morning
oh you like is so happy jumped up he's
like surprised he gave me tone see that
night was crazy or so cool liked
actually watch the episode I was joking
I was like I keep you reveal any
printing I want and it's mental to be
like sitting there watching it right but
like all the cons to look right there do
you mean like you can see them all it's
kind of weird like you like you know
they're like I'm I don't know casual and
that's inside that was kind of Coolidge
you know wasn't giving security
operation whatever behind to be glass
water something yeah
that was kind of cool it is drink we
didn't stay too much for the party
because we need to get home pretty kids
it's on
Piper abilities are that a lego thing
here but every time we build it Eduardo
takes it apart it's a process it's a
never-ending process we build it and the
duardo takes it apart is that how it
works
Oh Amelia I have a question when we were
out last night and you decided to
explain to everybody where babies come
from where did that information even
come from you see Ruth the poopoo see
Ruth Wow hey Mina what do you babies
come from from here tell me the man's
gonna bring your baby sister the facts
gonna bring you a sister he's sleeping
in your baby and your belly
yeah Wow oh yeah okay I'd like to see
your baby
where does she get this room where do
you get this information from oh yeah
yeah no no sometimes bringing the baby
yeah yeah the man brought you'll
remember you probably don't remember
being born I Castle arias hilarious nice
where does the things toddlers say it
really is you don't know TV show years
ago do you suck the things I doesn't say
stories
all right we are out of milk and bread
milk and bread G and bread drinks are
going to be shed
it's sort of the comments that I'm
really really good at making up like the
songs in the spot like for no reason I'm
like family I've always thought I just
make it at home like in this look at
this and clan over here in the world you
see that but this is Dan had I should
get that rich
my goodness so he only came here to grab
your okra and then I went over to check
the power stacks section I was like Tom
Liberty I knew it they never really
update them look at this
I rang Anna and I was like Anna I think
to have new ones she's like get me get
them all at I was like muffin no Jerry
no summer no for lunch we're having
bagels with cream cheese and salmon and
cucumber and somebody's doing everything
else would you like some drinks some
water
let's see cut these and then I think I'm
gonna make a stir fry tonight doesn't
make supposed to make it okay and then I
didn't get around to it so there you go
say thank you
the Beast exceeded that Easter chocolate
the exact same is normal chocolate it's
up you've added it's so much nicer
money all these stuck in the world every
single bit of it very slow come on a
media's winning oh that's nice thanks
Sam sympathy you're a mine don't think
don't think you are you're a mine I
think you're a girl
oh okay
come on edge right oh let's go
oh you'll cross man come on let's go a
boutique cycling and this woman's face
didn't tidy well that was the first one
I saw and I was like we don't have that
one
oh my goodness look at this collection
yes and then this third one you got the
other day what was that one Barry Barry
oh the G when I buy loads more I also
got a couple of that would you excited
for you do have a pretty born are you
going to get something Wow no those you
couldn't get in those else what
it's nothing the box so I open a door to
a letter and she was like look at this
it's a light look at this little fella
loves his mommy
he loved your mommy yeah he's it's a
little Irish boy huh he's a little Irish
boy he loves his mommy
hmm trouble this meat is having a
there's a bit of a a Paki situation
what's wrong did you say something did
you say something huh mommy's boy it's
like every time I'm just I know he's
fine like exactly returned the day but
once he sees me you know like in the
morning I can't go up when she hmm but
when I don't go up he's fine he plays
for ages you know right there's one who
sees me who starts to get all like look
at its teeth is huge a big monster I
know I've got like big teeth yeah yeah
yeah okay hold on a second I'll fix your
problem what do you want in media what
is this
you want to hold it okay you want to
hold it yeah next time yeah do you like
it yeah there's a mat in there as well
it's a sticker book I think it's got a
brush it's got a nice tail
she was really where the hell did she
know everything Gucci
she did she did she get to pick look at
mommy made for us
Wow she stirred that fry quite a lot
you'd almost call it a stir-fry badoom
what that nice day
you think you're right oh it's a noodle
stir-fry noodles stir-fried noodle
stir-fry Thursday night do you want to
put it in the back you want to put in
the battery while oh you were pretty bad
you know okay let's go first one up gets
to put the bath balm in Anna marks
let's go pick up a dry run
hold it in the back to the back oh I'm
gonna put it in you know Eduardo walk to
me walk community fella come on now our
dough okay come on you're gonna walk to
me come here oh my gosh
you grabbed Eduardo you got the Dwight
oh yeah
you mean yeah you want to put the
basketball man come on okay hold on oh I
see something cool hard oh I wanna see
something cool wardo you ready to that
in there well call this hoods
oh my goodness look pink and green oh my
goodness you want to get in yeah you
want to get in there where no I might
get in actually no what are you up to
you lunatics are you going
you watch it work don't let him fall
down the stairs
okay so we finally got all the furniture
finished totally forgot to tell you what
do you think this not look so good in
there we were I just moved to Brown
wanna help - upstairs Eduardo's room
doesn't look so nice it matches Ana's
vanity thing and it's the same it's like
this like the dad thingies whatever this
looks so good
okay and then open it Wireless room
sniffing yeah any children is it mommy
now concede wireless room
Eduardo's wardrobe look it's the exact
same as Amelia's one yeah that's cool
there and then look at this little setup
isn't it so nice isn't it cuz it matches
her as a the bad thing that's so nice
like from Mike here just looking through
the video in frame like look the way
everything matches together no no that's
really good
it's really cute do you guys know when
we got this so we're trying to bring it
home that was at one point the most
expensive thing we owned in our lives
then we bought this thing no was it I
just remember buddy gonna whoa
mad money it's funny but it's a it's a
it's a nice piece of wood though it's a
nice piece of furniture like 400 no that
was more informally three what's it yeah
that all yeah like a thousand or
something
no no so when you go back and those in
the flashback
did you get a deal from Murray or
something and when we looked at the
sleigh bed in the baby center and it was
like a thousand pounds yeah that was the
arrow so across one this is good yeah
yeah well the class the two kids they
could do it or ten kids who wants to
yeah no it's a good cop yeah well and
that one 200 quid to two euros what's
that like fifty P in pounds let's just
get one of those castles for your kids
right they don't need any fancy anything
else just windows castles we're gonna
tear it up oh I was saying we should get
the tunnel connector we should get
another one exam with the tunnel like
should I move the tent over there other
side is look no I think we should get no
no we should make tubing so it's like a
secret thing they can teach you better
things to see what happens wait a second
what figure the leaders thing wait what
what happened yeah I know it's face yeah
no I don't know much better much better
doesn't seem as crowded much better
anyway
Curtis has gone on and on and on say bye
friends bye friends see you tomorrow
don't forget to hit that if you get
tomorrow bye oh I'm a dance mom mom and
dancin that's what I do i do my dance
because i do it for you cuz i'm a dance
mom dance the dance mom never seem dance
mom lads I think it's a show and TLC or
somewhere I've had a lot of glow talking
about it never watch it waiting for
dance starts to come out dancing dad's
that sounds cool dancing dad's I've
watched that I think no maybe wouldn't
anyway thank you so much for watching
today's video presentation I hope it was
presented in an equal exciting and truly
fashion hope you're enjoying your day
your evening your morning your goodnight
and as always leave us a nice comment or
a mean comment if you really have to hit
the like button go on
gives know like lads give us a
subscription and uh see you guys
tomorrow bye
