morning
Amelia do you have a busy morning yeah
what are you doing anyone this morning
yeah and oh yeah bunny gonna ballet and
eating your breakfast
Marnell gonna valet no I am a dentist
where they drill in your teeth and they
make you cry sometimes you fall asleep
but it's all for the good of your teeth
so you should go to the dentist or you
have smelly feet I don't know why you're
not a smelly feet well yeah I try and
make it a regular thing to do the
dentist's tease you know I was saying
like that she wants me but currents
stuff that I don't know it's like one of
those things from looks like a damn it
not to like black things get to a bad
state you know anyway let's just go
let's go oh yeah look at you huh dude
you there they just know what the - he's
like dropping it down
no okay I mean via huh you can be a dude
I don't get I get dude did know is I
addressed it go to be a dude
you so cute even then you probably like
this now you know like immediately and
so he gets like some like quiet probably
yeah actually starts to people in the
comments ain't him since immediate it's
been in school like better singing
interval cabaret and stuff so hasn't
actually started yet huh yesterday was
like our today is her first sort of
official test day and she's gonna do
that like for the next like week or two
and then she fish she starts
I take two weeks or something like that
you know so she hasn't actually don't
like she's only done the one day I went
with her which was to see that she
integrate well in the classroom and then
we went the other day which is like to
formally you know enemy enrolled her in
the school and we brought it wider just
so you know cuz Eduardo's like her
comfort blanket kind of thing and then
today she's just like testing it and
then we'll do a couple of more days of
testing and then she officially starts
in like two weeks from that you know
yeah we could wrap you in this right and
it would you like rolling down the
stairs I bet that you say let's just
wrap you in it y-yeah yeah okay you Aldi
you wrapped you in us there's something
cool so we am we buy a lot of our like I
don't know Haley Spain like it's like
fish and chicken and burgers and stuff I
got like for the kids and stuff from
like it's like a local farm and they
deliver it
we had like dry ice in the car and we
fell out and I was looking for like ha I
was like okay spit it out with you this
is Troy here look at this thing Matt
like in there it's like ice so cold I'm
like so they give you touch it like yeah
he's a big glove you'll be questioned
like melt your skin off not mad and then
something isn't is it I like it new
concerts and stuff we can break it open
ice so cold it's like hot
let's get rid of John's a doggie sit
come near what's this
is that you at school it's so cool
though it's cute what do they think of
your dress
did they you know like ah this is the
uniform no they said one girl comes in
and Disney Princesses oh she did she did
yeah cuz we actually have a Disney
princess but I think we should check
that I think that's so cool they give it
pictures mmm and what would you like
that into the baby room so let's see the
little babies cuz we told her she'd miss
him what would she like in there she
love babies don't drop did you have fun
yeah
ha well you're having to be home with
dad again are you oh yeah have fun but
still miss me okay you love me you have
a new baby you want some lunch
so I'm heading off to the gym it's a bit
late it's like quarter past three twenty
past three but I really really wanted to
go because I'm trying to stick to like
three times a week so Monday Wednesday
Friday
and yeah I was so like close to not
going and I was like no I need to go
especially because Jonathan can't go
today cuz he's like he's too busy and
I'm obviously it's easier when there's
two of you because you motivate each
other but it was like no I really really
want to go and I would feel bad if I
didn't go because it is Monday so I'm
gonna try and go try and do a good
workout and hopefully feel better about
myself afterwards jonathan is just
getting my fob because he's stolen mine
are you are you a man you look like a
flamingo dancer come on come on go
upstairs go sing us a song
tell me about your day at school what
did you do I do love yes you did watch
mice yeah what else did you do nothing
did you play with the sand yeah
no did you play with toys did you pay
your boys and girls yep what did you do
did you go on the playground
nope I think you did cuz I saw pictures
I saw photographs wow did you go did you
see all the babies you did didn't you
yeah I do you baby home a new baby at
home oh you got me yeah you love me
forever
yeah yeah yeah I will make it let's make
a pact okay
I love you forever if you promise to
love me forever what do you think is it
a deal Wow
yeah okay so future media if you're
watching this video you and this day
made a pact we
me that you would love me forever
because I said I would love you forever
you're like Eddie
duck duck racing dirt yeah okay
come on hop into bed let's have a nap do
you back just arrived up the gym and I
hit the worst of my shower topic it was
like stuck in traffic for so long like
when he made it okay normally I don't
share the peel box stuff but it just
arrived kids are asleep
Matt's at the gym and I said you know
why let me show you some stuff because
this is so cool so from Abby and Hannah
made this little doll for Amelia oh my
god she's going to love it so much we're
only admiring so we had a little doll
and her character today I was admiring
it and I say that's so cool that is so
cool
company you made that that's amazing oh
yeah look at this so this came from
Germany and they said can you open it on
camera look can you please present
decision I was like yeah sure since of
look it's in German sweets
you got some copies I think I know them
I think I'll eat them oh my goodness
these are the best biscuits in the world
seriously they're so good
big fan thank you lots and lots of let's
go me minis Chips Ahoy isn't an american
thing milk i like mocha chocolate and
it's a little t-shirt that is so cute
check this throw a book that came this
is so cool right
so they took our instagram pictures
right and they made like a little but i
can't even do it one hand they may like
it's like a little story thing about our
Instagram pics isn't that so cool I
would buy this book we shouldn't make
this will be our book that's releasing a
book here it is it's not so cool like
that's such a cool idea print book print
book calm I guess
yeah matcha not like you can get all the
Instagram pics like you know that's so
cool I was like that is so cool
isn't it about all like we won the lotto
we won the lottery
look at this hurry right here set for
life that whole life
oh my goodness if they tweeted me you
choose they Queen Minnie right you got
some sweets and I was like I am a fan of
the speech my friend I didn't realize
the Amanda sweet you like send me you
remember them fruit salads back in the
day only that no way oh yeah right this
is hilarious okay so someone from Norway
had the same idea as somebody from
Netherlands oh my goodness if somebody
from the Netherlands stand this device
here hi somebody from the Netherlands
sent us this right and they were like oh
who's Donna Anna was struggling with the
M we're cutting cheese so it's like
focus it's like you put the cheese and
you like run it down right now I was
like that's such a cool idea right then
I get this letter from Norway which had
some man some sweeties and mentos like
no way
so two people from two entirely
different countries said the same thing
to help Anna and her cheese problems
loads and loads the ladders and some
lettuce Ottawa something here actually
what was really cute Brooke someone sent
me a birthday card happy birthday people
take your feet jokes from extra brown
thanks Rachel
and I'll give this envelope this little
letter came in is cutest little m bro
hmm and some doggy stuff and some more
letters supper and clothes we were
suppose and stuff for the kiddos Wow
do you love the teddy bears there are
plenty rabbits I think let's do them
putting their names funny and oh they
love me what's Y dou dou wired oh yeah
we love you
Oh Thank You bunny rabbits thank you for
loving me
they love white Oh what are their names
though your name is Amelia my name is
Jonathan or daddy
Eduardo's name is Eduardo and what's the
bunny rabbits names right names what's
her name
hi yeah with his name yeah I don't know
why but this is a boy and a girl oh wait
is he wearing a bowtie
oh no she's wearing a bowtie maybe
they're both girls maybe they're both
boys notice but let's give him a name
clump what we call this one a girl yeah
but what will we call her then we have
to give her a name okay I guess I do not
they're not gonna get names no we're not
ready to give them names what yeah you
did you got drink bottle things Oh Tio's
eat your biscuits too using your
biscuits oh no Theo's eating your
biscuit yeah did you eat a chocolate
biscuit what is this he just nicked it
off what is it first
well then I should check before I list
it because whatever it's a mouse or
something let me see what it is
oh I think we found it I found it
see not bad got it okay I got it
who's the pizza piece of pizza is there
any more love scene I feel like seeing a
mythic Peter I know but see no is
looking for and then the bay I got it
yeah now you were looking for it too
no this is what happens you have too
many kids a good amount of dogs in this
shot here what are you saying
what is your hand hey what's this what's
this mess here of pigs why is there a
mess of pigs here
all right folks take your drinks in
Footloose all right come here save my
friends say five friends see you
tomorrow
don't forget to watch here don't forget
to poopoo don't forget to hit the like
button hit the poopoo hey Nene weirdo ah
you bye-bye weirdo give mommy a kiss
Amelia
see you guys tomorrow
howdy so we have come to the end of the
video
friends slide latter valiant Pakistan is
a tough ball the women toe is like son
lads
oh we're gonna say it says choose data
17 March right now which is Saint
Patrick's Day
there is nothing going I was in Anna's
that you know we should do we should
just head down to the High Street right
grab some flags and just like walk down
the road me like like what is going on
that like oh okay you guys don't know
about Patrick
anyway takes me to watch today's video
hope you had it whoever time and I shall
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
like the video don't forget to leave a
comment and do not forget to subscribe
if you're new cuz otherwise you won't
even know what we did tomorrow you won't
even know so it's probably best
