good morning friends good morning
gentlemen good morning ladies and your
children to ruffle Judah dogged me out
to the GATS room to the cows to the
aliens that was lazy yesterday and
you're not parking my car my designated
spot Nana has to rush off this morning
well not rush off where the situation
situation has arisen so how's your day
been good so far good so far I hope
looks like it's the weekend looks like
it could be an exciting weekend let you
know whoa whoa all right you know that
comes around hello there hello derp oh
the phone fail
who is it is a Macky you might be in the
phone hello hello world oh so these are
the new harnesses for the dogs I got
them from fetch but um the brand is red
dingo and at first I was really nervous
because I don't really have a good track
record worth buying online as you guys
know especially for the dogs but I did
all the measurements like I was really
careful about everything and I got them
all in like different sizes cuz all the
dogs are actually different sizes I'd
never realized that I knew like
somewhere bigger and smaller but I just
didn't realize like how much so they all
have the right colors that correspond
they're both so Theo's got like a
turquoise color Nevaeh's got pink
alby's got dark blue Cena's got purple
newbies couldn't get yellow so I got her
orange didn't have yellow and Bianca has
red first Bianca
here's being wanna see your highness
Bianca Bianca's has stars on it and
Bianca's is an extra small as his new
Reese and also Nevaeh which I didn't
expect but yeah we took measurements
this time didn't we I'll see you later
although to the Jimbo Jones
I'm gonna get stuff for cupcakes okay oh
you're gonna be cooking - mommy later
yeah
oh nice one you vote ended so like we
need that back
so Anna's gone inside we're more mr
since Anna's gone inside to get at
baking supplies for later on and I just
wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up
we will be at VidCon this year which is
in like a couple of months in California
I think it's in California and I'm dance
the place um make sure you guys if you
guys want to come you would come at
VidCon their tickets they get they sell
out so fast normally we never know that
we're actually going to these things
until the events actually sold out like
like was just play let's just gone but
this time I can I can I can announce the
secona Tories will be at VidCon 2015 and
we're gonna do we're gonna try to do a
couple of things like um if you saw our
playlist thing we'll try to do maybe I
don't think we're gonna do but we're
gonna put a name in for an official meet
up again because it's just cuz we have
the kids and and the kind of family
thing that we have going on like I find
there the cueing of meat of things I
don't think they're the best option for
you and I don't think they're the best
option for me for us you know so I feel
like that's why I like seeing that sort
of hang out thing that we did and I like
doing both so we did we need you guys
might have seen her little and Tea Party
thing only more things like that where I
feel like it's more kind of like relaxed
fun environment rather than like just
queuing and standing around and then
just meeting us for a few minutes you
know so but anyway um VidCon if you guys
want to go grab some tickets let's take
over everyone buy tickets right and we
mate will turn into a saucony Jolie con
if every single interview I think it's
work I don't know in the next few weeks
we may be going somewhere crazy okay
like crazy like mental really really
really far away which is not America
it's not America it's not in Europe it's
really really far away is it in Europe
I don't eat in Europe no it's on Europe
so yeah that's gonna be fun
let you guys know we run the plane in a
couple of weeks we're home
Oh oh no oh no hi Barney hi wardo who
are you
we have been passed passed out loudly oh
did you do did you just the past on me
I'm not eating your past that maybe it's
a pasta - let you down
have we built a fort huh is this a fort
Oh the milks in there oh oh well I
suppose it's only a fort at least it's
not a fifth or even at six
hey yeah yeah well and somebody is I
think this might be the culprit here Oh
hmm he Bruins your fort right so John
Lewis just brought my my our shelves and
I thought they were gonna build them
because usually John Lewis build
everything for you or like put it
together for you and he was just like oh
no sorry I was like oh that's great so
we're gonna try and build it this is how
big it is it's usually so yeah we're
gonna attempt to build this by ourselves
this car is this crazy-looking imagine I
fit the kids in the back oh my goodness
I've never sat in a TV or before they're
cool-looking are they I shouldn't blow
along mm-hmm
I won't even tell you what I'm doing
because you'd be like Jovi what are you
doing so it's a few hours later no more
joking
um so we've ruined it by putting the
wrong and it on the wrong end we're
trying to build it upside down
unknowingly and then we almost lost the
allen key which we already actually had
one here I realized afterwards after it
knew what it was called but it's
actually not as bad as I thought so grip
vitae we don't like break any more bit
and this is what it looks like and look
righty
mMmmm
I have on display um so sorry L don't
have peers on disability but yeah so
I've got all of like my books like
grown-up books um as in not me an
Eduardo is books cuz they're in there um
I'm really happy with this it's still a
little bit bare we've got to have the
computer down there so hopefully I can
get some things to kind of cover that a
little bit umm but yeah that's what it
looks like right now I still think this
wall is a bit there I need to put
something there John we're gonna go jump
we're on a strict training schedule
straining oh okay go go
please coming up oh okay
daddy's up here boy he's me winging okay
remember we might remember what we
taught yesterday okay jump on your palm
and jump back up again
like this watching oh okay I'll quickly
hold on zip this down here we don't even
need to fall out I'm gonna do a flip
okay ready one two three
oh okay you okay you have to land you
have to land okay
ready check Oh Kimmy your
chinny-chin-chin
yeah well well from the top rope this is
the wrestling move ready well oh the
palo driver did you um IQ that's not I
do my deal like you there do watch your
do
Maggie Lima we're baking cupcakes media
so excited she was like I don't want to
snack I want cupcakes but like okay I
wonder why that's a Christmas thumb
what are you making today Mia what kind
of cupcake
or the taste test what do you think
you're good you like it that's what you
want after being on the trampoline fill
yourself up or batter batter it's uh-oh
its icing whoa when I was like a cheap
on look cheap and it looks like a teapot
oh yeah anyway it's not cupcake party
Friday night it's the guy said no
takeout he didn't say no frozen food hmm
mixers breaking the rules but we're not
were bending the rules
hmm oh hi there you in a push cart your
wheel is a whip oh you've got problems
in your wheel washing is that I don't
know what it is we're just gonna put it
over there
Eduardo Bardot you're the engine you got
you good huh
let's go whoo no let's get started okay
Eduardo push Amelia push Amelia come on
up you pop all right giving me a big
push ready okay Eduardo on the next push
I want you you need the whole lines out
okay you pull a little push it's Eduardo
do you want to walk today how do you
feel about walking today when I was a
push cart Eddie girl off Winnetka push
guys Oh watch your step it's a doozy
whoa
bye
yeah oh wait wait wait tilt it this way
all right run wardo okay you're gonna
pretty fast they're gone quiet
can you see a sticker oh oh oh oh no
bonk crash yeah you have brought it on
yourself
you all brought it on yourselves
oh look how cool the bookshelf looks
there looks so good does it fit nice and
easy to computer and digi box that's not
look so good though the room looks so
good it says your unfinished down no
white widow might figure that wall
Oh needs a nice picture there isn't her
a picture over here
damn we're almost done we need water
that much I water it regularly do you
yeah alive yeah exactly
it is nighttime it's the right time I
want oh oh what what are you doing it's
a changing one that's the change amount
the daddy sliced with a knife oh no that
his likes to her life will you get your
cream on you want poopoo cream yea-ah
millions people dream you pass me booboo
creams and the best please I love these
ones
really nice ones and the fire like
Amelia I love he's one of my favorite
and did you see qr1 I love that one on
her so cute are they
thanks Erica you want to get some cream
well mom's gonna do your cream now in a
minute
if you're if you're a good girl hey why
no yeah yeah just learn about the stairs
little man yeah don't fall down the
stairs
mmm you really want to do that
oh yes the Nino's Nino's say goodnight
mommy feel me love me
what is it a date tomorrow say
night-night friends see you later guys
say bye friends why are you lonely you
bacon like no are you too busy to say
bye dear friends thanks for watching is
there anything they have to do any
buttons they have to hit monkey he hit
Monty what about the like button Phil
hit the white Oh poo poo what are you
even saying get out of here goodbye
what it's a saucony Jolie's clubhouse
come on in and come on in aye
that's like what do we got we got Alfie
and Zoe screen jollies Anna's mom as a
French ass guy in the corner so what do
you is I don't even know what that is I
feel like we should you guys should like
make ends late of cartoons and stuff and
then send them to me and I'll try and
guess what they are I have no idea what
that is like I'm looking at the little
thing that a medium front of her and I'm
like I don't I know nothing mm-hmm
thanks for watching today's video don't
forget to hit the like button okay don't
forget alright and don't forget to leave
a nice comment and don't forget to
subscribe and don't forget to have a
good day hey I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching as always it blows
my mind that every single day you guys
come and watch our videos mental illness
mental illness see you guys bye
