good morning guys to other I'm
putting into the Cayman Islands good
morning friends from the Cayman Islands
is our first stop on our little
destination tour am I gonna say we're
coming in worth every day what this is
so cool-looking though oh my goodness
look at it it's so cool I know I mean
yeah we need to go straight in there we
need to set up some bank accounts
because I think that's what you do in
the Cayman Islands you want to get some
breakfast oh yeah first breakfast on the
ship so this morning we're gonna try 47
degrees for breakfast there's so many we
could literally go somewhere different
every day
goodness to goodness it's like a
shopping center the mall the mall
ownership Ana Alberto it weren't it the
Penguins move every day you have to find
the Penguins every day they're gonna
move around the ship and you have to
spot them yeah tomorrow they're gonna be
somewhere else on the ship and you try
and find them every day it's gonna yeah
so today you found them but do you never
know where they're gonna be tomorrow
right everyone put their hands in here
both hands together right out
welcome to beautiful Grand Cayman Oh
welcome to came in alright we've done
for a full English yeah how do wait for
an omelet kids are having chocolate
pancakes take a strawberry pancake we
buried it at Ella and we convert her
into a chocolate I think it's good
Amelia yeah you're happy we just found
the penguin from this morning is at the
window where this theatre pink would be
fed a coffee shop Oh guys you found a
coffee shop what's that penguin do on
that side it's trying to find a pink one
guys look at this ship guys wowsers it's
so big but they're the ones man you're
wrong we saw this is so cool any what
you let me know if you see him I hope
he's not driving the ship
you found him guys you find the blue one
they found all of them I wonder where
they're gonna be tomorrow Amenia do you
want to look 10 years younger what would
you look like if you were 10 years
younger huh
what if you give what if you gotta let
see it to look 10 years younger
what Pina I want you to climb all the
way to the top all right
Eduardo go go quickly
Oh media's going for it I mean yeah
all right somebody rescue her that's
kind of my fault I did that in the park
with her I always teach there's not
standing one in our Park
you did really well put shoes
well look what we found on this ship huh
that's what's it drink the water guys
huh look at the fence if you guys come
beyond that fence TV can you scratch me
I do have a GoPro but I think it's too
hard it's too hard to get it together
it's like she's nice today it's kind of
cloudy she's an ice-cream cloudy yeah
lazy yeah
there's two waters how much for two
waters nice mean yeah there's two waters
guys you can jump in
so I've begun for a little while trying
to upload the vlog so one run this ship
we have a way of uploading the videos
every single day which is something I
had to make sure before we came here but
in order to do it I need to go down to
the bottom of the ship light to their IT
department but it's kind of cool because
they get to see
you can see the radar and satellite
stuff from the ship which is really cool
but I have to get out in there and the
Internet as you can imagine on a ship
out at sea is very slow so take on you
have to gonna have like two or three
hours every day to get the vlog uploaded
know what everyone's at the pool I was
there but everyone's having fun you
having fun in the holiday there are
little houses Amelia are you enjoying
the ship so far you wish you owned this
house we did we just pop oh that has
what are you the way you mrs. way you
you but we've checked that there's also
the kids show everything
oh that how it works make you do you
want to go to a do you want to go to
kids club again today yeah you know I
think they're going to the show tonight
yeah you want to be in the show
you are Amelia comma see this Connie
Jolie so maybe maybe this is your trip
Amina you did plan this entire trip so
whatever you want to do I guess you can
do thanks for thanks for bringing us on
this trip anyway thanks a lot okay we're
lost
we're lost on this ship I think it's
this way guys go this way
Oh Thank You Eduardo where nice figured
out which way is it next okay you
nice to have you guys here what's in
your toe me Mommy I know that that top
certain yeah Oh is the baby in there is
that any musical instrument is Right
house
yellow brothers in their media you
cuddle Eduardo you couldn't add water
you couldn't your baby I'm not like
ready that was gonna be cute that is it
worth it wardo jr. baby so Jonathan and
the kids left me in peace so that I
could just basically get ready for
tonight I mean it's not like it's
anything we're not doing anything formal
this isn't a formal cruise which I love
cuz like I'm just not really in the zone
of like formal cruises or like formal
events we were even supposed to do a
date night tonight just the two of us
and I cancelled because he's just I want
to spend as much time with the kids as
possible and I didn't really do this
trip to do date nights I kind of thought
that I would I think it's more full-on
like when we're at home is just differ
it's a different vibe and like we do the
date night thing we don't
every night every week so sometimes we
don't even bother um like sometimes you
do want to break from the kids obviously
it's hard work but then other times I
just like I don't just want to spend
time with them as well like as a family
I need to fix some pieces of my hair I
did get a talk I've only ever been
burned like once in my life and I did
get a tiny bit burned here I'm like I've
been wearing I am so diligent my son
creamed like I doused the kids in factor
50 dad was myself and factor 15 I think
is usually what I use 20 I don't use a
very high factor myself but like I said
I've only ever been burnt like maybe
once in my life before and it wasn't
today it was like in Jamaica I think was
day two everybody just got so much done
except for Alessia because she actually
hasn't been in this one she's more so
being in her buggy I've seen some people
were like oh she looks sunburnt and like
she's not she whenever she wakes up from
her nap because obviously she's in her
buggy and like we keep like a cover over
her but it's not um hot it's like a
really thin layer I'm just to shade her
from the Sun and so whenever she wakes
up she's really hot and her face just
looks red but it's not sunburn people
are just like freaking out for the wrong
race well and actually Edward was fine
Amelia got a little bit on her shoulders
and Jonathan obviously got it as well
but like for me to get sunburned that
means that it must have been really
really hot and like really strong oh my
goodness look at this there's like a
sunset coming down Wow Wow
we were about to head off the kids are
actually up at the kids club
and we are about to head off it so
beautifully yeah yeah look at this thing
yeah look at this thing it's mostly just
like food
it's a nozaki not pregnant so tonight we
are going with same place we're going
surf and turf I think it's at 11:00 surf
and turf off the top might get a good
view where are you bringing us in this
is not seeing this is great let's go
here is this one of your cases this is
really I I agree with this place really
dude this is cool though you can
actually see the ship right now like
moving look
how cool is that huh
I think we're turning around or
something here you're walking around
with your lesson for but then forward is
like moving and I mean like you're
walking forward but it's moving backside
are they
forever
you are
yeah why don't see the it why are you a
scary clown Oh No
the media is a butterfly oh did you like
his club thank you very much that's what
I was looking for oh that's really good
drawing you mean yeah you're really
great you made a best friend as well
Eduardo did you make a best friend yeah
unless yeah did you make a best friend
did you Maya and Jessica cool so this is
how our date nights are happening from
now on hi over there hi everybody
unless he's over in this corner hello
hello there
he's got up we've got a second chair
coming see if we can see it I see yeah
I'll go see if we can see you dude oh my
goodness was it like
he said you got surf-and-turf lobster
and steak is making something I think my
friends I was up trying to upload the
love you guys
well I hope you enjoyed this video
everyone is in bed but I am dedicated to
bringing you quality content every day
so I appreciate your likes and your
comments and your subscriptions and such
things like Ashley and yeah good luck
friends thanks for watching this video
presentation situation and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
ohh
