Merry Christmas everybody and welcome to
day four of em j x - are you ready hit
the like button leave a comment make
sure you're subscribed wait to leave the
planet so - we have done day 1 we've
done day 2 we've done day 3 and here we
go
day 4 are you ready guys what are we
hoping for what did you ask Santa Claus
for this year guys
have you been good friends we're talking
about the kids pass the cinema pass the
sport pass the entertainment to be win
with your chance to win friends all you
have to do is tweet using the hashtag SJ
and Xmas and don't forget to hat
no TV and tell me what is your favorite
team to watch on television that's it
simple how exciting of that make sure to
enter guide and I'll see you tomorrow
for another exciting Christmas giveaway
Australia
I can't wait for Christmas
the lights are the crisps
big red nose games in Germany
hello there and welcome to 2j Amelia
looks like a zebra today did you look
like so we are making some breakfast and
while we make some breakfast we are
going to watch some television
do you want to watch sports
entertainment TV shows jin-woo what
this looks so good about 90 TV guys the
streaming service you can pick and
choose like the kids can watch this and
then dad can watch his shows and mom can
watch her shows and less you can watch
her shows the dogs too much their shows
there is no currently no dog pass you
ready for some breakfast young lady what
do you want do you want sit in the van
no it's a joke it's like a chocolate
brioche fruity boat looks like an eclair
he cares for breakfast here we go here
we go Jonathan also got a green juice it
matches my top look it literally matches
my top do you think this is Christmas
think anything red I'm gonna make my own
breakfast because I'm starving this is
some aah not like I offered to make his
like multiple times and he kept saying
no so don't don't try and play that game
Jonathan oh woe is me
unless he is sleeping and I'm gonna get
immediate outfit um I'm tired from going
on I'm tired from getting up those
stairs um I feel like Amina hasn't worn
her clothes like in ages cuz she's just
been in a uniform all the time um and I
just feel like I haven't even seen her
in like a proper outfit so long outside
of that oh that's a nice one
yeah let's put her in this today oh
excuse me
that's it this is how you know she's
been tampering with this stuff you
actually oh no way she could wear this
tomorrow cuz she's got a birthday party
tomorrow yeah let's do that tomorrow I'm
thinking of putting my hair guys like
taking like that much off obviously I'm
not gonna go short well no let me know
what you think
cuz I'm not a hundred percent yeah I'm
definitely not gonna go short because I
always regret it when I do and I don't
want that
well I may go like shoulder or not even
children but like a low shoulder like
like here even I don't know like me take
that much off I'll probably regret it
though you know what you think so just
do my makeup and what I've started doing
recently is watching no TV on this iPod
suction media's iPad that I borrowed
books
this is modern family which have just
watched and I love modern family I'm
also super excited because one of my
favorite shows party of the entire year
which is big little lies it's coming
back really soon leave a comment let me
know what your favorite character is I
think race what this is probably my
favorite one usually the time that I get
to watch stuff during the day even just
for a short period of time is when I'm
doing my makeup and it's kind of like in
my chill out session for me I usually
wake up earlier than everybody else
today is not one of those days so I
didn't do that but generally I do and I
just watch something on the iPad and
nice to be able to do that guy this is a
shop and there is and some bows and baby
toys and nappies iPads and her sisters
cut the thomasville boy and the big
castle a baby bed and there is a
beautiful picture two flowers
hold on why Wow yeah just stop you come
hi
what do you smell like well I was
already here you're wrong with less yeah
and we got the little rabbit yeah but
look
no no fun fact if you have used the
night TV app you can actually control
the TV with an ITV app that has like a
built-in remote huh huh it just keeps
giving just keeps giving huh cuz just
you know eventually you're gonna lose
the remote control as long as you have
an ITV box you can control it we're
measuring the children what's the media
six I would give her a hundred and six
fish yourself all right goes to the back
put your heels no no yeah get off those
tippy toes heels to the back
Edoardo pushy dad heels to the back no
no show him Eduardo hey Burt I mean you
know how you do it you put your heel to
the depart or if you lie about it you'll
never grow if you don't do the right
Santa Claus won't know what size to get
you things the boy oh I see Luke wait
Gigi one two three four five six seven
97 what's the media whoa ten centimeters
a difference by 10 centimeters what was
the last year did you do that year are
you Oh
school now
yeah give me that give me that we have a
situation friends so I don't know if you
follow me on Instagram but I've been
having this instant story balance for
the last couple of days and how my
petrol level kept getting lower and
lower and I was not filling it up to see
how far I avoid it okay I have two miles
to miles of you left I'm not sure where
the nearest patch I'm trying to get to
this petrol station I don't know it's
less than two miles away here's a
question right if you're low on fuel
okay do you drive really slowly to the
petrol station right thus getting their
nails of spending a longer time driving
or do you boot it and get there in a
shorter time but running out of hat I
don't know what's the answer do I Drive
slowly or do I Drive fast 300 can't even
see me there anyway let's see if we make
it guys I hope I have slight concerns
about my my situation
okay I'm coming on to the petrol station
cars still moving oh my goodness imagine
it was like closed for some reason oh my
goodness why don't even say that why did
I even say that what have i jinxed it
I'm indicate I've got some indication oh
it looks good it is empty but I don't
think that's due to their lack of fuel
oh no what to do what did you mean sorry
out of use oh no we might be walking
home okay this is an unfortunate
situation we go on our merry way oh my
goodness
hopefully by much more guys the petrol
ferry has come look 245 miles to the 42
fight fight oh boy sports mode please
traction control on exhausts oh yeah
we're going all the way lads problem
here is I'm never going to learn my
lesson the good news for you guys
they're all so well at least I can watch
the racing if I can't do the racing this
is this is actually no TV again guys
it's so good right so this is no TV I'm
just watching the Formula One which is
in abbadabba right now there's Lowe's
and my friends youtuber guys actually
adds there right now but if you guys
don't turn it off for a second right so
if you guys don't know on again on an
ITV app you can actually just watch it
when you're like chilling and waiting
for stuff and you've got like you've got
golf you've got cricket you've got
football you got Premier League football
cuz no loads we were into that and just
describe sports main it's like live
which is a May which is so cool that you
can just like flick it on so we just
turn that back on there and boom we're
in and I melted up here I connect the
into the car keys better sand off the
phone
there is boomtown it's a day to
acknowledge them how cool is that
but I actually will you need to get
though is some Cal call infant
suspension infant infant yeah infant I
got these nasal unblock nose congestion
maybe them as well so hard to be careful
subject you feel so use this at least
when you're a grown-up and you're sick
you can kind of save me to feel better
or you can say how you feel I love it's
best if kids can say how they feel
something for our kids
for Jonathan okay so we are trying to
get Nevaeh to lick our faces aren't we
yeah daddy's going out yeah what's he
doing
and unless he has nothing so we're
having a little bit of a snuggle on the
sofa but never I won't play ball she
won't play our game mushi you try Bianca
was playing really well
wasn't she guys yeah Bianca was like oh
time we blew on her she'd go pretend I'm
yang all right we've also been doing
hair cells so I am Bianca and blow on my
face don't spit on me teeth down is it
in the back as well turn round oh yeah
this one still left in the back I can't
see yes I will take it out there we go
what's your name
mom breathless
try and talk with your mouth like this
I'm here to go
my name's Toby my mom is Toby my
daughter's job and I'm Toby okay yeah
ready say my name is chubby and I'm
chubby yeah the end yeah
all right is the whole family here so we
are watching a movie all together and
we're going we're gonna choose a movie
from our movie pass losers so on no TV
the way it works is you get four passes
a movie pass and entertainment pass a
sports pass and a kids pass so that's
all sit back my back Oh
LSE is all right guys so let's get a
Christmas movie all right let's thank
you very much so let's pick a Christmas
movie guys what about a Christmas movie
with princesses and snowmen that come
alive and talk that like warm hugs
put you put your hands up if you want
too much frozen oh my goodness everybody
are we ready
and I just you
video friends and I'd like to thank now
TV for not only sponsoring this video
friends but also sponsoring the XJS miss
at the counter so you guys are in for a
chance to win six months subscription
don't forget to enter result so a link
to now TV if you guys want to find out
more about the passes of the
entertainment pass sports passes cinema
pass the kids pass it's amazing guys I
recommend it and I'd also like to extend
once again thank you to Dan TV and thank
you to you for coming on this journey
with us
they don't forget to enter guys and I'll
see you guys tomorrow for another
exciting SJ Xmas Christmas Extravaganza
good bye friends
