good morning weirdo you're going asleep
dragon coming hello
a mighty dragon no fuel I thought I was
the dragon for a minute he's a dragon
come on for daddy is that the only place
that's safe did y know the castle see
only safe place Wow
you've definitely got some supplies why
does been a friend yeah I know
: reading a book wired oh right eyes the
girlfriend ha I'm wired up girlfriend
how are no let's take a picture
come on oh you guys are so cute together
look at them
they make a nice couple don't they I
said wardo girlfriend is it your
girlfriend can you guys share okay she
can be everybody's girlfriend that's
only fair and she daddy's girlfriend -
oh yeah you sit on it
sit on it yeah Bianca
yeah guys man it's looks like a king
Gerardo I mean yeah you're not really in
your you like it cuz you can go wild in
it wait a minute are you stuck in there
are you stuck in there you can't get
ever cuz he's like I'll mush down right
we're off doing some business see stuff
this morning looking very business a way
fashionable and this heading off to
London after this when I stay out with
the ladies pedicures of mani pedis and
cocktails for lunch do you know well you
gone there and lunchtime oh no that's
just so that I can write them oh oh
you're gonna have lunch before you go
you sure hello hello Yankee Navy
hi we're back you put out oh I love your
boots
can you walk in them one show me your
walk in
yeah no absolutely yeah
okay I mean yeah I need they need to
talk to you for verification yeah yeah
hi hi mi yep this is the man the man
says you must eat your vegetables do you
like chocolate don't like vegetables yes
right I'm in a cheeky cheeky nails
cheeky parlor in London with cats and
Francesca we're kicking colours and so I
think I'm gonna go with it
don't change I'm trying to be more
English yeah but I actually do think I
will go for it
do you like this are you doing
it's hard to sit her yeah mixing for
element Emilia done controlling the
villa me and I'll kick you Dara you have
to fill him to hold it down look oh
that's an old breakdancer Wow
okay you go do it Amelia turn Wow
did you catch the moon no way you're
trying to get your legs up as high as
you can
no right here right here do it right
here on the sea get your bum on the sea
going yeah I'm gonna go with something
it's quite boring but it's this one
called candy shop so I do want to kind
of them
I feel like springy so I'm gonna go at
this point and cats doing she's going
like really trendy she's doing this
color and then
one nail that color and for Jessica
can't pick hello not you
app what do we do are we doing a routine
what okay
is that routine guys five six five six
seven eight boom boom boom boom boom and
I do look I roll past the media goes you
go you know I drove over you do tumble
hope your head spin I got my lucky Oh
are we watching Oh careful careful
Amelia's watch daddy fresh daddy first
okay let's go right
our nails done this is how they turned
out the lights kind of funny in here but
it's like pastel and Francesca copied me
but watching your nails and might said
like shake that mines
and then cat got bright pink which is
actually really really nice she's going
to be
it looks so good and it just arrived
like somebody the whole because you just
got mint tea
so you're just a white puffy but yeah so
it just arrived
amazing-looking tonight we dine on the
chicken and some pasta acid me know what
you want that I said what do you wanna
do you want a pizza because look we have
a couple of a restaurant ISA Nana like
boom bang boom bang and then I came up
with a strategy lights and I was like oh
my goodness right listen listen to me
now right
parents you know the way dinnertime can
be a messy affair right and it keeps
going to have dinner and then you get
all messy and anyone have playtime right
and then they need to have a bath time
and tired Amanda put into bed at last I
have a pressure washer thing because I
was doing remember doing all the stairs
right and we have a trampoline listen to
me you have dinner on the trampolines so
they're tight they wear themselves there
while they're eating the food but then
they get messy then use the pressure
washer thing to hose them down chuck it
on a shampoo on them we host and down
again job done
washed fed and had playtime all ready
for bed I think I think we figured
around Eduardo huh this is Ana's when
she gets home ours is all on the table
here whoa looks pretty tasty
guys let's go find out didn't you oh my
hair is pretty masking no judging hi
guys wanna come inside and have some
dinner
I made some pasta for you you said you
like pasta myself do you want pizza or
pasta and what did you say yeah hi you
want to come have some lunch or dinner
dinner man wear your pants again
I just put your pants on the minute ago
right so I just have to record this I'm
actually a club
I'm out of art now just put the cap on
one of my nails are really nice thank
you so much
because they organize them
would it take for the author and tappet
yeah we were like everybody can't go in
have cocktails we had taken the day
which is like
thank you it was really nice
I feel so and thank you though
I came in and I was like actually I went
to the park but I got a table there
- like right here suicide
no alright ladies and gentlemen welcome
to the annual race up the stairs wait we
are gonna race all right where to get
the head start for every year older you
are you get P okay all right on your
marks get set go
I mean yourself the flying start started
struggling here go ahead come on word oh
come on right oh you can do it you can
do your what are you a man Wow okay
mm-hmm
the man says hey come on right now we
believe in you I believe I can climb the
stairs open doors did it do believe in
yourself believe everybody click their
heels together and say I believe in
Eduardo I believe in Eduardo I betrayed
that Emilia I believe in Eduardo I
believe in the runner there'll be music
are you hey guys
apparently they're making a frozen -
it's going into casting at the moment we
should put a media forward you know okay
here's your audition this is your
audition moment okay Simon Cowell is
probably watching I don't know what he
has there Disney which er you know okay
hello what's your name Emilia and what's
Emilia gonna be singing today
oh okay Amelia whenever you're ready in
your own time no you have to you have to
sing a song this is an audition
oh you frightened of a friend here is
this is this a duet are you singing wait
Eduardo hmm let's sing your son is gonna
be seeking your song Senor stop okay for
everyone yeah we'll photocopy your hand
afterwards they'll be directed there
well done yeah well yes for me it's a
yes for me yes for me you got three
yeses you're going to Hollywood didn't
even go to Hollywood anymore don't they
say okay how should we have a bag what
you do what you gotta now what you gonna
do now registration and time you dare
what are you waiting kicking is endless
supply of batteries from what give me a
new Fear birthday batteries could you
imagine Amelia actually did go an
audition for when I do shows I also
wanted to clear up a small little bit of
a debate that I saw it was kind of
brewing about us discipline the kids and
stuff I know sometimes like you might
seem on camera mic Mina daughter Amelia
talk there and then it cuts when it cuts
that's when that he gets cross we've had
we Amelia
talk about daddy getting cross well
that's what happens you know it's like
because like I'm not I'm not gonna keep
on you know recording when I'm giving
out her you know so like be sure you see
the kids all the time like you know very
well-behaved because like you know
discipline is a factor of upbringing you
know my mom always said that to me she
was like I'm not your friend I'm your
parent you know and I try is always
trying to find the balance of being the
friend and being the parent you know
he's you know a friend might always tell
you what to do but it might be in your
best interest whereas a parent will try
and put your best interest before what
you actually want but then hopefully in
the long term you realize that aha you
are you parented me well anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow
Oh give us a like give us a comment
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
