morning friends
what a beautiful sunny day today maybe
you can guess we're going with arming
and wireless tubing for the first time
in her life I don't know what he's gonna
be like he's not really a complainer you
know if he's a lunatic like he enjoyed
the trampoline more than the media you
know like he's the one who's like mad to
go come on let's go jump more jump more
jump buzzer no name and it really is
more like the cautious kind of like whoo
I don't know about this you know like
we're residences she kept trying to like
like are you sure the doors locked
it's the safety high place since up I
thought you know she's a funny little
funny but at McGuire does the lunatic so
initially he's probably gonna be
terrified let's be honest you know when
I'm you might actually just get used to
it and enjoy it
we'll find out this is for a meetings
when we're not from Sorrento you guys
remember that from spread dope when we
bought that I am and this is that it's
gonna be for Eduardo we're heading to
the swimming pool
and we've got all the dogs the bags but
the key imagine can you imagine great
love it will always try to put on our
house like gonna be killed out of eight
babies and they are goal are one day
when their dad's whole assuming there's
no five videos I want to build a house
not just any old house I don't to build
a house where you could like just online
customize it for like the dogs and
customize it for the kids like special
and castles and hiding places and like
all the rooms downstairs of like little
tunnels for the dogs to go through and
then like a garden on the insides ready
but all should going out what's that
show you know what they do it does sound
like an awesome idea
you never know but yeah okay that's a
bit extreme
all I would like is just build a has
that like somehow has like an area where
the jogs can go outside but they're not
really outside so like when it's real is
or they can go outside and not get wet
can't make sense but also like to design
a garden that automatically picks up
poop that would be made boomba like a
puma
yeah so many surveys the pullback it
just goes down sucking uphill detector
to be a really good idea like I am
honestly guys I would buy that I would
bite active and we will provide a little
robot the Taser yeah even if it was like
a crazy price I think I would still buy
it you excited to go to the pool you
gonna go swimming are you gonna go on a
boat look who came with her who came who
did you bring who did you bring with you
which toy
butI I love you she said that booty
she she's so much talking about the
other side she was like yeah that'd be
fun that's awesome yeah but she like
really talks you know I was like oh my
god the hell did the perk I came down to
like shake my hand
oh yeah it's pretty cool because she can
really Express and she feels and what
she wants and what she doesn't want and
it's kill to have that you know for so
long with kids at the start like you
never you try and figure out what they
want you know but it's pretty cool that
she got you tell us look for you
tomorrow since women need them anymore
or Eduardo certainly does so at the way
tomorrow since open its we're gonna get
some fandom funky little swimmers I'm
not sure which one is look to the tree
or three to four I think I'll just get
both of these because I cannot figure
out which ones which oh yeah get out
here we're off to the pool we're after
the pool careful the excited wardo so
water is gonna come into the boys
changing room of me and you're gonna go
into mommy to the girls changing room
okay hey the wider goes with daddy I got
that mouth you go at mommy
yeah we've got loads a pool boats and
equipment you excited a cow Wow
okay heads okay let's go
the pillar water
I have a wire down here with me my white
house gonna go in the pan
yeah nigga vote we're going to provide
again
you ready grain water you a difference
the gue patent
the water is night isn't it you like it
we
the
you're gonna smash again tomorrow Oh
weirdo weirdo you having fun you having
fun okay bye weirdo right weirdo
Oh
it's about me doing this will be doing
Miglia cheese
you
Royale we tell them what happens what
happens first Lin inside to change me I
was going to put the lobby area code
laughter Drucker's water decides to
relieve himself on me now I make it as
well as wire he's eyeing on me okay
Sookie
but I don't like I was just holding on
like he wants palace pet here he starts
piece of code so I want to run the
toilet and we're doing it the Chairman
electric that's all
and we're back but as his payment for
the wrong Holden mm-hmm right but I'm
hiding things locked
oh my god oh my god city hall I was
supposed to do reception
oh my God look sorry she's like in
it's needed but oh yeah letterpress that
like I came down resistant something
it's me
locker thing you know like oh god this
Bardo and jewelers how was your tomato
oh yeah he's not walking you can't put
them down we put it down
oh yeah you tried to jump off the bench
many times you know I'm catching on
putting in my goal blanking for the
South I like for lunch I got the Caesar
monstrous Caesar salad here and I went
for would you get hello yeah
Bardot's having tuna hard about having a
tuna you know I mean is eating her
crisps very good
can I have one can I have this big one I
mean yeah we've got you know sound
reduce puffiness and urge okay
don't eat the Christmas we're home come
on inside what mommy got talk like
something's she has her inside let's go
hi doggy friends you want any good doggy
friends all right shall we have
ourselves a snooze a jacuzzi mommy not
to me
Eduardo's asleep oh yeah I'm gonna
Turkey oh okay you can have a quick okay
okay okay okay
just a quick little look okay there she
is
okay okay come on let's go let's go into
bed
you do not go downstairs right I feel
like I need to practice on the
trampoline and that way next time
Ralphie get back here I may have a
competition I'll be better at hello but
you like you just like a catchy little
GoPro up here catch all the action
that's not a bad idea actually catch all
the action but some of the stuff alfie
is able to do although I did tell me
afterwards that he did gymnastics for
years and if he goes to some trampoline
club or something
sounds like right small bit of an
advantage you think up thing is bent
inward the car looks the same as the
rest of them all right this is my
private practice time coming for you as
Elfie
all right let's you decided to get some
takeout taking food away I'm taking it
home we're gonna take it away I'd like
to take your food away get away from you
and into my tummy we're gonna try
someone new and repeat you before the
guys won't match Oh
fiendish no no you know depends hello
little friends did you fill this up let
me go shop you want shopping for spices
are you or you're buying all them Oh
what are you making tuna tuna tuna I'm
feet o to 9 feet sandwich my back ok
miss you miss Robert said you need all
these ingredients
okay well we'll just part this over here
and what will make our tuna and feet
cake later okay would you like something
to eat yeah we'll come you will comes to
bed
you know just because you're blurry
just cuz you're a blurry flurry Eduardo
you say hi hi mmm is that me go lucky
Chaplin
where you go oh how was your plan was
your plan oh my god oh I like that
how long your brain I don't have a race
up the stairs
yeah all right put your money lights
Eduardo or Amelia versus mummy and daddy
the stairs all right
pace your child no wait a minute wait
wait fairness and equality I am I am
trying to get ahead to be the referee
cheese wait wait right on your marks on
you might get that Go Go whoa no wires
way to use funds come on mister man come
on assuming you can do what Longo good
one okay you go again one go again one
go is he getting stripped at the same
time come on Mort oh oh no game
yeah go where to go where to go go where
to go where to go okay you already won
you let you won your one and Eduardo's -
yeah oh goodness lads goodness all right
I'm gonna have the at them oh it's party
barking Parkers huh what are you guys
doing huh what are you doing teal huh
that's a color is come on inside whoa
great nice
are you running on the best I tell you
my go in the trampoline that's a quick
bounce so Eduardo is 11 wins tomorrow
which means was only about one more
month of a breastfeeding laughs we try
and do a full year with the key to the
kids and after we pass that year point
of the breastfeeding it means that we
can start like I'm rotating who puts the
kids to bed you know cuz what you crazy
nut most times I put a media to bed
that's because this little bugger still
gets breast bed before he goes to sleep
but there's a change coming in wardo
there's a change it coming see and daddy
will be able to put you to bed sometimes
what do you think of that idea what do
you think of that idea hmm
it's weird to change rooms after
swimming today here is you're sitting
there looking over me right yeah it's
just it's just you and me like like the
big boy plays you know that right
huh where's that is it daddy bedtime
story time yeah what do we go what book
are you reading
you're brick watch the Royal party Ricky
yeah does the media want to go to a
royal party do you ever sometimes
thinking media kind of looks like Sofia
oh you look like Sofia girl you got it
going on say my friends see you tomorrow
they'll head you hit the like
button leave a comment complet mama
is that Mommy Wow
see you tomorrow but could you imagine
if one day Amelia or Eduardo actually
did start making videos I don't know
what age she could actually like pick up
a camera and have a conversation of my
life Onew might think if she actually
did he never know what the future is
gonna hold you know but look my chin she
actually didn't like you could look back
on these videos be like this is like her
her starting I don't know I know oh just
what she's like which is like hit the
like button like oh my god could you
imagine like she's like ending her own
videos of red or her Eduardo or like do
you like the sibling tag or super I like
Mendel and your case watching today's
video hope you enjoyed it hope you had a
hoody of a time kids know like ah
kronole comment subscribe if your first
time here and I'll see you guys tomorrow
but
