today is day number one through three
guys it's return of December
are you ready can you spot number tree
for me look there right there look at
right there right there shall we open it
are you ready have you been a good boy
or girl or dollar frog have you are you
subscribed are you okay let's open it
whoever heard of a levitating speaker
well now you could be the proud owner of
an LG levitating speaker friends and all
you have to do to enter the competition
with your chance to win is tweet using
the hashtag SJ Xmas and at LG UK and
tell us what is your favorite Christmas
song that easy and I will see you guys
tomorrow for another exciting surprise
I'll get you this every day this month
when we're doing our Zaccone Joe days SJ
X's giveaway which your chance to win
all these prizes make sure you subscribe
make sure you're nice and naughty you
could be not item but make sure to check
out the video and enjoy this vlog that I
made for you goodbye
I can't wait for Christmas
and the lad saw the crisps
good morning Alice yeah everybody is
dressed as a penguin this morning
everybody's got sick on you
so good morning everybody and welcome to
December the 2nd calendars and we're
going to see what mischief elves and
guys we have a very important number to
do also guys guys listen up listen up we
also need to decorate the Christmas tree
today yeah well for everybody order
decoration because and I cannot do
laughs you want an Olaf decoration you
know our talk about the olefin it
Romania
are you picking my iron so we have half
of vision of Bobo's and then daddy could
add little s York and he would access it
wait wait you're saying you're gonna
give up that and you're gonna let
Alessio put the star in the Christmas
tree yeah I read it as her first
Christmas guys yeah that is fair guys
did you hear oh that's a less yeah did
you hear that Amelia said you can put
the star in the Christmas music yeah
okay so what was that sound what's it's
a nice sounds like a reindeer there's no
guys you have to find the house find the
elves check the door check the door
where could they be
what where oh my goodness what has
happened here guys see look what's
happened here guys what if he has done
what what they making a hot chocolate
okay with some marshmallows oh no oh no
oh no Eduardo Eduardo I hope her magic
is enjoy her hey Jerry
did you say sorry or no right what
olestra breakfast we get these little
frozen pre-made and like vegetables and
like difference of this one fruit in it
I'm gonna pop on the name in the
microwave make a mushy but then we
fortify it with their Ready Brek baby
porridge so part and fruit and basically
what I have for breakfast we have the
same breakfast is last year the kids on
the other hand have hot chocolate
marshmallows and brioche
was a half-eaten one here oh just a
morning snack are you ready for your
fruit missus all right full disclosure I
don't normally do this because I'm
always on the school run say it's more
Hannah's job just mix it in there's a
place it's like where Rose yogurts you
know with the Apple and in the vanilla
are the natural yogurt then I sneezes
look at these monkeys here Lego is that
good yeah yummy
you like my jumper I'm wearing the next
job Rose wearing for the advant giveaway
thing it's so cool
thinking about Christmas jumpers guys
you have to get the sillier the
Christmas jumper the better okay what
are we looking for these are our Santa
sex look Jayant picture for me is entire
school
okay come in here Oh careful don't look
at that there's lots of spoilers in here
4sj Xmas we got to be careful what we
see I know you can't tell anyone about
any of that kind of things there's
nothing to see here guys oh you save
Christmas she's in bedrooms
we've got slightly distracted because we
just found some nerf guns and a giant
box full of nerf bullets a naughty boy
order all this Christmas have you been a
naughty boy a girl you have been a
naughty boy this is actually in court
media when you were a little Eduardo
wasn't born yet Oh partisan this one
yeah that was actually we're going to
the higher it's Christmas soon yeah no
Shana and that's more like Oh China and
Molly or the Sheep no piggyback we're
telling the Nativity story
and that's Jessica not coffee and that's
M and this is going to be enemies are
yes no we used to star in the sky oh the
North Star like this is just gonna come
off the stage you know this is your
second play your second Christmas play
and this time it's a lot more
complicated you gotta be merry next year
is that the role you're going for
who's playing Jesus they could get one
of the little kids okay why don't we let
Alessia come in and you can bring Alessi
to school that day every year when I'm
putting away the decorations I always
say to myself don't be lazy with the
lights is the bureau easy with the
lights it is you have to do it really
neat otherwise you're gonna have a huge
problem the following year and I know
you're thinking ha sure it'll be grand
next year don't do it don't put your
lights in a ball do it in a system that
you know you can very easily wrap it
back around the Christmas tree without
any effort because you'll troll yourself
friends we just found on Amazon guys
there's a trolls movie and neutrals
movie called trolls holiday huh how cool
is that
okay so you put the tree and then we
realized we put the wrong lights in the
tree you just spent ages doing the tree
and I realized that these are the blue
lights that Anna doesn't like all right
that's testes first oh yeah there you go
that's the jointer isn't it
tada she's live again LEDs lit again for
the second time you're having a dance
party look at this guy's 22 days
Amelia's tree is ready to go first we
have a little picture of a media from a
cheese and nursery Oh
snowflake nice it why don't you want
talking to your tree Wow Eduardo's done
for a sort of a minimal he's just got
his baby picture there and nothing else
really is that what you want for a
minimal look Oh Paddington look is it
not give me Paddington look Paddington
is on the tree now hi that now have you
got the correct signed forms approved by
mommy to be allowed put something under
Christmas tree because I don't have
permission I don't have clearance I only
have level 7 clearance or Christmas
which means I can like put on lights I
can do heavy lifting and things on that
but I wouldn't have level 10 clearance
level 10 clearance is what you'd need to
actually you know put up decorations so
do you have level 10 clearance what what
how did you get level 10 clearance
easy Eduardo what level 10 clearance you
have no you have no clearance at all oh
boy leave comments and let me know what
level clearance you have for Christmas
oh no can't have Christmas without a
first aid box guys so Amelia chop your
finger off
can we see your chop finger mania show a
little boys and girls at home okay so
we're gonna need some bandages some
fairy stripes
Eduardo do you want to play at your iPad
didn't do guys it's rider dropped off
the pizza and a big white beard I think
it might have been Santa Claus which I
was kind of wondering when he was
thinking of me because I was actually
dressed as Santa Claus what he saw the
house move my goodness what inspect
inspect four five six until maybe pppppp
alright then they pop you up against I
hope you enjoyed today's video friends
hope you have entered xsj Xmas and then
again coming back tomorrow for another
SJ this giveaway extraordinaire we're
heading to Brighton tomorrow so we have
to get up early well thanks for watching
today's to your friends hope you enjoyed
it give it know like watch Esther days
blog subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
