that's the big bad world apart oh it's
the big bad world all right huh I think
you guys realize you can see it say job
breakfast look at me Nia's miss you too
oh it's so cute oh you're not so cute
what are you you love it
you look really cute you do you kind of
need some black shoes it's alright much
is your coat you ready to go we're not
gonna be late for one hmm hmm bit of a
situation where all the old hair there
lads I have a pineapple I have a
pineapple head decisiveness intense you
know you don't like doing something you
put your hand rather than just feel like
robbing are like happens and then I scar
badness I just came into the bathroom
and it's like three whereas it's like
right that's been mental okay little
oven tree look like I don't know what
the name of those things are you know
those Russian dolls that you like open
and open and open and it's all like a
different one each side of it I know
they're called as you look like because
it's like perfectly shaped like a little
Russian doll what if I open you is there
a smaller one inside oh you want daddy
to do it like this
hello I don't know any Russian that's
good thank you that's all I know
did you have fun in ballet today did you
miss me
oh I missed you too did you go on a
sailing at a boat in ballet wow that
sounds like fun you know in this so in
the summertime you can go and daddy's
boat oh boy it happy fun we can go
swimming in the lake this is sunny
outside today no should we blow the
trampoline yeah
Elfi did that yeah we forgot to build it
though
are you climbing over the gate yeah your
little munchkin oh you might fall yeah I
wouldn't like it Amelia fell no it won't
fall understands me remember that it
were to never fell down the stairs no
accusations
I don't wanna fall down the stairs when
we did it right no father I understand
what do you think I'll throw a media
down the stairs you want to get in what
have you felt what record writer has
never fallen down the stairs regardless
to what this isn't nincompoop insane huh
huh telling stories huh
alright myself and Anna
she's gone inside to get his scarf okay
she's like it's too cold but it's like a
sunny day perfect day you have to prove
that any studio rewboss but we're gonna
head out to do sound a gym because we
figured right like it's it's almost
getting a bit sunny now and something
that you know we are will be in
California in about two months I think
to a tree wants movie so I was like come
on let's get let's get serious let's
let's get our that rgm on you know I
mean and we're going to look good
you know Plus this dream has that pool
and everything and I'll be like really
cool for the kids to go swimming and
everything oh good and everything oh I
should I should probably get advice very
close-up there's not doctor I had
actually no room for this unless we can
fit it in here in this little
compartment here
they can't go there no I suppose yeah
all right yes sure
look at us no kids no responsibilities
no mantle of dogs we signed up and
everything was it a successful day
Anna's gonna join classes she's doing
hot yoga she didn't personally know the
stuff oh it's gonna be amazing
it's get amazing puss we got a family
one for dad for the kids at all because
the cool thing is it's actually it's got
like a pool in it it's got like a water
Sweden everything yeah really nice let's
make it summertime summer summer
summertime oh yeah it's gonna be cooler
I'm looking forward to it I'm looking
for a mom I go to my star tomorrow
really yeah was it oh my god my ID my
badge and everything my favor honors
leave Anna some suggestions guys because
she's thinking of doing a class you know
and if any of you ladies out there have
had kids and you know what are good
classes to get the old bar back you know
like a postnatal sort of worked out okay
put your your heated seats on you know
give an answer suggest is just try right
I've never actually done a class and I
was thinking love yoga has anyone done
yoga I've never done yoga and I was like
should we do yoga everyone talked about
it like it being really good if you
should do yoga
I was like we should just get over it's
like basically the same thing right look
at don't win my horrible nails look at
Bianca's bow it's not your one this is
your window to ban this is Nevaeh's
and this is Xena
new purple umbrella oh so cute this is
alby's you'll see where I'll be and this
is Theos how cute are they
I am obsessed and they came super fast
they came from America don't mind my
hair okay
look he's that he's that over there look
over there so is it a pussycat yeah hey
no you know
no can you track this Cleo wanna go
ahead yeah go and see if we can say
hello no keep glad okay that eric is cat
hey no hey ho hey safe kitty cat is he
going back home hey no oh what do we
call it is it a boy or a girl
we better go inside some white birthday
that's it
you're late you know every turn
no Avery and now look at them look at me
now faking $7 oh you got the pearls
fancy-schmancy I'm okay - you didn't
have any other option for me a bit
feminine there Tito you're delicious my
little munchkins huh create a little
money than the chain
over this way
word out what's happening you should be
careful of you little brother
okay go go part is okay we need a rescue
or need a rescue whose are coming
Pluto how'd you say you want what some
some butter want some milk to wash down
that cupcake word what are you watchin
Amelia question Saucony Jolie's like it
is little monstermunch over here as well
look at the tears look at the to be is
buried in chocolate chocolate ah huh how
you do did you have any chocolate or -
no look it's just looking at the blog's
but let's go home wait isn't that so
cool you always see them some love how
would you even go about making that like
what kind of sorcery is that yeah what
kind of witchcraft is this isn't that
mental I tried to copy it and put it on
to Twitter but it didn't work
it ended badly work it off
what you mean that she wasn't gonna find
that guy's gonna get oh that's gonna go
don't break anything
get out let me in look it's like a disco
dance go check discotheque you're
breaking it I won't lean on you - it
keeps cracking cracking how can it crack
- fighter later
sweating here say bye friends I do
apologize for our mayhem in the castle
last night but there was tickle sharks
and Lo and tickle shacks get involved
sometimes them things can go a little
bit wrong oh my goodness hi Amelia you
want to beat you want to be in the end
slate oh gosh
yeah you want your me in the NT hey
daddy hey daddy a traffic cop
oh really wasn't a media naughty yeah me
yes the naughty chair yeah did you say
sorry say sorry
well you can't get angry at you then
alright say bye friends like that
studies save my friends hey thanks for
watching thanks for watching the present
all right I'll see you guys tomorrow
give us know like give us no comment no
no keep oh my goodness there's no
comment gives know like what else you
have to do subscribe and yeah see you
guys tomorrow bye
