Emilia what are you doing why are you
doing where's the video gun where's the
view okay you guys
Oh Mike Oh Oh No
I mean yeah I mean yeah today's block
where's the gun where's the blog on
where's the blog bunch you guys saw
yesterday's end slate okay it would
share a second ago oh wait it's back
again I know nincompoop extraordinary
know what raping you I mean - on you huh
it's blooming a video and her mom today
it's like a Mother's Day video thing
it'll be over on her channel do you know
how many it's kind of funny because we
have so many videos recorded edited and
just not uploaded for my like we did a
Valentine's Day baking video with Amelia
and Anna and it was really cool and then
America happened and then we didn't get
it open and I was like okay we did I
next year I can't just put it up now cuz
it's about a nice day what but like if
we did a next year Amelia will be year
old and little areas reformed
Eduardo's 10 month update it was
brilliant sitting up there in the old
desktop now we shall film a Mother's Day
video I I'm kind of hoping we uploaded
I'm kind of hoping we do you know you
could set off some fireworks in
celebration and it's free the lights up
and then upload events make a video and
you may never see this video won't think
any way where is Miley tow son of a gun
you son of a gun you are no fun we need
Billy don't son ever gone good Marlon
tertium on and now oh yeah
hello anyone else wake up like that
sneezing oh we are in the last last
night is there in the town where are
those friends that's nice huh that's a
real that's that's a real Saturday
Saturday afternoon right his face mom
what's up what's up weirdo do you don't
know do you have daddy's hairline oh no
miss effing and I both have high
forehead so I'm sorry children but
you're gonna have a high forehead okay
but it's okay it's okay come on it's
good answer no I saw a lot of people in
comments I've asked me about what is
that thing right so basically underneath
Eduardo's bed is a sensor mat that
monitors his heartbeat and his movement
when he's in the bed so when he's asleep
and everything's okay he get is over
beep beep gives us peace of mind I would
definitely recommend to anyone who's
having a baby soon or have a baby to get
the mat because you know like if you put
the child down at the mat you're always
wondering are they okay where's the map
just says like what I'm saying to you
today is that the matter only covers
about half or three-quarters of the bed
so let's get all wound up for this start
moving they move off the bed the alarm
goes off and you're like oh your child
and stuff reading possibly carefully
terrifying huh the Daphne gives you so
much peace of mind does minds everything
is set up markets first every YouTube
video ready let me go Eduardo play me
professional over here quiet on the set
okay now act like you love each other
they finished wrapping their video and
they said they would get some lunch
chalky sales in the world because it's
the place is good in the world
I'm bitterly are you I know it right
after the whole sandwich inside a minute
ago oh oh come on mom oh look what I got
nobody
okay I got mom no but I got ya oh why
would you get Tommy cheese mm-hmm the
nice truck you're the best the best
bestest come on we are so awkward I'm
the most awkward no butter no mayo
that's his I go cheese focaccia you're
kind of normal
Erica's the most normal which is like a
standard one right we're heading out to
blue water again I feel like I'm if
their name oh well obviously this time
I'm driving but it's not as horrible as
the day that we went was Zoe so like oh
that was my car I was like oh that's
quite small I reversed into response go
meet we arrived
it's a horrible day but it's not she the
best kind of day to be spent in a
shopping center and I'm really hurt
because I have she pretty like water and
I'm getting used to the roof as well so
it's not as difficult
this shop is so cute for the little
children The White Company the children
I know I wanted writers room to look
like that good morning
oh my mommy and am Erica have gone
shopping so Amelia has been really
wanting James and amber from princess
Sofia because she has Sofia but she was
asking for James a number so I'm gonna
get her this set and then we're looking
at the rest of the Disney Junior stuff
mm-hmm oh we go this way yeah yeah you
think we should go
we're doing up here we're too up are we
to up yeah immediate the Navigator
uh-huh
she doesn't quite understand what's
going on here we're playing at night
anymore naming this thing lying darkness
line was calling it what's the name is
game yeah yeah pretty much but please
leave me jump over buildings we're at
Lola's cupcake because Eric got a
craving for
milkshake that we got last summer
so we're going to get
I might get this but when the ever
happen
take care
although the hot chocolate you learn too
hot hot chocolate looks nice too I caved
and got the Laura's cupcakes milkshake
amazing
come an Eric I thought the same as me
just um so my mom could eat her butt
what you think that would look good in
Eduardo are you just pulling some items
are you gonna be are you gonna be a
fashion stylist yeah I say I'm a fashion
stylist yeah you can set up a YouTube
channel you can be Amelia's fashion tips
yeah and then they change into a good
stuff today so like how am I ever gonna
fix my outfit can you help me you're
supposed to go and then welcome to
Amelia's fashion hour where we take
things that are bland and we make them
fabulous it's Amelia's fashion styling
tips that's you yeah and your and your
sidekick Eduardo
John oh my to show you do something
can you see
okay Oh
oh my goodness you want to show daddy do
you remember what you asked me for amber
and James so you have to share them with
it right okay we eduardo got something
else look what I do I don't got no
slippers probably thinks everything's
from him Saturday night and I like the
way you move pretty baby
it's party time and I can minute you can
lose be my baby so it's a lashing rain
lovely really and really I'm enjoying
the lashings of rain we decided to get
some takeout grub tonight taking it out
from my favorite restaurant in town but
you know I get get the old burger in
front Bobo throws the ball but yeah I
started with Bobo remember having I
don't know some you guys do go ahead
party but I'd remember I remember having
day like you up to go to nightclubs and
stuff I know craning oh all right you
stay home in my pajamas watch TV alright
that's that let's motor on in he said a
quarter past it's not 11 minutes past
I always come a little bit earlier
because I don't want the food to go cold
I like when it comes straight out of the
oven into my pocket that's mean you know
you've timed it well do you know I have
food or something skadoosh me a pop Oh
place down the pretzel pretzel DeBeers
you know guys success every time we go
here and I make the kids their dinner I
always think should I have gotten theirs
it's so good I don't want to be salads
like the healthy option I went for their
burgers and beer okay you shake you
haven't him today I've never had written
in actually nature try it really is it
is it like my dog who's an actual
cupcake dropped in the middle what's
going on big give it Mauro a little bit
okay just a tiny bit myself
Lola's no Lola Lola is a red velvet is
you one of them for everyone in the
audience they just they're everywhere I
mean I'm just gonna have this now I
don't eat cakes I'd like to know this
one for me but I don't want one we had
burgers we drank beer and we had the
banter lads and it was magnificent
I don't even know what that end slate is
I'm not familiar with that cartoon or
whatever it is but it wardo looks
hilarious it actually fits it is a rug
rats is that what it is kind of look
like rug rat see Eduardo looks like that
rug rat person I'm probably wrong maybe
like Lion King or something I have no
idea what it is anyway hope you enjoyed
our Saturday fun time with the family
hope you had enough of a good time that
you think yourself maybe today I'll give
them a like I'll leave a comment and you
know what I'll commit I'll subscribe
subscribing is fun when your breast
scribe when it's like whoa that was cool
right hangs it up watching today's video
and I will see you guys tomorrow
like
