we're having a party and Amelia's bad
and you're all vited but instead you're
staying in at home when you're watching
it on your screen
what yes who's that that particle a
pumpkin hi why No
hold on not scissor not oh not header
I think she's gonna enlighten me cuz I
know what you saying hey wow she's
really pretty
Eduardo more delicious
no keep going on today hello hello
friends countrymen international viewers
welcome oh that's treasure excuse me for
not understanding you this is treasure
ads blossom blossom Oh powerful don't
fall off the bed okay
that's blossom lads that's not blossom
who's that that's Alton Wow
you know all their names how cute is
this little man look in his little
pajamas are you a Tigger you a kicker
look at me take it in to Jenkins who's
funny yesterday new skill or so mean
other words it looks like Eduardo oh oh
oh that's row uh-oh you caught it kinda
okay daddy's gonna catch it here we go
huh I've caught it
okay meters gonna catch you ready put
your hands ready ready no put your hands
together no no put your hands down
together yeah yeah yeah you ready oh you
caught it what I don't know you see
what can be your first proper word
mister huh are you gonna say car car
clan boss can you say boss can you say
Dingle
needs a kitty look who's here
it's Zoe Zoe good girl
although she was asking where Francesca
was she was like where Cheska like at
work right you want to show Zoe your
toys okay yeah be really quick cuz we
have to go okay right so we're off Zoe's
driving is you can probably tell not me
I decided I didn't want her to feel bad
about how good I am ever driver so I
just thought I'd let her know it's cuz
there's like fog and mist and stuff and
in like the worst day for someone that's
not a driver to drive and it's a
motorway drive like well pretty much
anything isn't not like Ireland but um
yeah so that's why she's driving but
this is a really nice car
and we decided to leave the top like
actually on for this we're in need of
desperate yeah I was like clearly the
roof made me four brothers my hairline
imagine that driving down the road with
like an umbrella
goggles on or snow coughing just to have
to talk back ladies and gentlemen the
world championship games um
you have to wait to get back to the
cheater cheater that's on your marks get
set go
Oh
oh my goodness you're so fast you're so
fast that is for thank you daddy feel
your pets someday you will actually
probably beat me for real I'll have my
Zimmer frame no but I quickly oh yeah oh
no he broke a he broken I'm broken all
right so we have a nap
for lunch we came to bills which so we
recommend it it looks really really high
already gang
so I got the tunas super food no it
sounded cute
and I thought it would be like even my
healthy one and then I'll get to there
after how I justify it and then Zoey got
a hummus and halloumi burger which
actually is really good when it came I
was like look how cute you look oh my
god
yeah I think my match is my boot and
yeah no that wasn't intentional gets
Rick Yuko and without jumpers on
ridiculous boy I feel like I want to get
this for Bianca I don't know why I find
that so funny
this one break her though he's raiding
the shop to get these they drip they
call it with a powerful one with the
pink yeah oh you might like multiple it
yes that's real like psychedelic me
right I am making a pasta sausage
situation I did the same ideas a few
days ago it worked out really well you
chopped up the sausage makes with the
passions of questions Taccone Jolie's
just went alive blown where I was
emotionally messed up
that's a flick down let's read some
comments loading um that's obviously me
hello der sweet k blog hello let's talk
tix
we can't divide refrigerators it's okay
it's okay I'm sitting here pretenders
for the video uh le Lu the house
greatest fan editor video person uh
what's the cute Emma Louise what's up
she's not buying and she wasn't at all
love you your videos tutorial girl
haha hi wonder whose first I cannot even
get person more videos anymore have
funny of any media bacala I know I was
like whoa calm down what do you doing
what are you doing you just go red bean
everything
haters gonna beat and everything I told
you to mind your brother well it's
clearly fine how can I have my
responsible for to children's a table
here making the pasta make across the
time he passed up hey get outta here
you too we are watching this is the
thing that we saw number live kids are
being fed you having a nice time
huh yum yum yum
dad's having dinner too mom and Zoey
have abandoned us we're on our own
we don't need them huh Mike here come my
carrot all right that's right I don't
know why do I don't worry he did it he
did it that's always that happens first
right something actually happened and I
see it and then a while later we got it
on tape echo just let go just let go oh
my god I did he was hiding onto a
dishwasher right and I just closed the
dishwasher off and I turned around and
was just tiny
you were just standing there little man
oh my goodness
I think MA I think mommy has abandoned
us by the way let's go have our bath all
right let's pick up some pajamas for you
two little munchkins look at the two of
them yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah uh-huh oh
we had a nice bath it's a little bit
tricky when you're on your own I'll be
honest I don't know where Zoey and mommy
are I think he'll I don't I think they
might have left us yeah yeah I have to
go I have to go make some Eduardo some
milk yeah
so you guys want don't make a mess with
all these clothes okay when I poop with
your daughter's pajamas on first I am
trying to make it were those milk whoa
mmm pinkeye hurry you playing castles
why um I'd prefer if that didn't happen
but I can understand why it would happen
at the same time that you let go let go
of ours go on the gold bars alright I'm
gonna go downstairs and get you are
those milk all right stay frosty we're
home it's like really late hey it seems
like it's midnight or something that's
not it but it is quite late I'm guessing
Jonathan didn't put the kids to bed I'm
assuming I don't even know she can see
me but anyway we got quite a lot of
shopping so
it almost didn't fit in the boot I know
I spent - you might think so yeah and
then I've got stuff in here
Rosie Roos this is hot enough here it's
actually difficult sometimes even tell
when this is hot enough enough well I
will do my best
I don't go water is hot but the milk is
hot exactly at time to your father's ah
oh my goodness oh hi dad
look who it is oh you're back I missed
you should I keep here ah
Zoe Zoe has her own pillow oh yeah get
your own pillow you go get this one -
Zoe none I really thought yeah right
yeah she can have a book - it could be
her book oh yeah what sitting on your
pillow yeah huh
oh you gotta get your own pillow that
has your name on it as well so does
everyone have a pillow with their name
on it oh thanks okay just in case he
actually does you're gonna walk right
out good - mommy good boy oh yeah are
you gonna do uh okay you ready Vania
reading oh my goodness who remembers
that moment when Amelia
yeah yeah you got my camera it's got
bunny on it yeah why do I have a perfect
gee whiz as well fishy
d hello present what is it you got it
oh it was such a quiet moment is like
we're joint Wow what you get let's open
it up will we okay put it up Wow yeah
what is it
it's YouTube map for your ballet oh yeah
yeah we'll take it off and we're gonna
wear it tomorrow do you like it though
it's gray
nice come on not much yeah right daddy's
one you want to put one on too
that's how cool ones wear them know the
cool pants yeah you look like a cool
dude you got hair what did you run oh
it's like that thing well you know the
little red hot oh you wanted okay all
right I mean yeah hey time for bed he
looks like a soul you gonna say say bye
friends
see you tomorrow mommy you'll be right
back
you want me to read your book yeah she's
gonna jump 900 kinda spot I like
ting-a-ling who's that
it's a tortoise on his bike poor time
rabbit going back home she owns and runs
her eyes Ratatat who's that you're
friends with a surprise we've come to
the end of the video media how do you
feel about that you feel good about that
you come me you still mean no we're
going we have to go to school now we
dance to go to school and baby coming
he's berry coming to school too oh wow
did you enjoy he's always reading you a
story last night yeah was that nice that
is it trophy okay well thanks so much
for watching today's video hope you
enjoyed it
that's not your trophy put that down
give me that bike
clothes clothes about oh my that's a
weapon I mean if there's a weapon give
me that thank you so much for watching
today's video
hope you had the time of your life hope
you had a good enough time to give us an
old like maybe leave a no comment
subscribe if you're new there'll be
plenty more videos where this came from
now right are you gonna get back oh my
goodness I mean is on rampage do you
guys wanna hold your bike
