hello there hello there my friends my
name is Jonah Gina Gina my name is
Johnny Johnny Gina oh it's a beautiful
toy I really really like this toy thank
you very much hello Melia why are you
backing away from your family do you
think I pretty
yes look at me now
isn't it sweet wouldn't you like I I
ever teach you add and they call me Q -
that's my friends coming I'll teach you
add say hi I'm gonna come over here come
over here
are you wearing your new Sofia socks are
you wearing your new Sofia slippers they
look cool Eduardo has your cat toy or
your Palace pet palace pet hello I am a
palace bitch
I go to my palace in I live is a pet
hello
I will - hello Hajji I will take your
leg legal
come here come here come here you get
back here right now
you do as your father says hmmm
you a ballerina girl Wow Freddie is a
ballerina girl yeah
do some ballet show me your ballet oh
that's nice
can you twirl mm-hmm okay sending your
toes Oh
stomp stomp you need a bit of music yeah
I'm sorry I don't have any music on me
currently well hello lads and ladies
look at the game look at the gang huh
hello madam welcome to this alone hi-ho
hi-ho it's off to the groomers we go
gonna cut my doggies even though you
buddy difference look
daffodils nearly summertime that's
alright you know the drill do the peas
dear peepees feel like I'm party
training everybody these days if you
have woken up in the United Kingdom this
morning and or anywhere well actually
maybe it's not limited to the country I
am in but if you're wondering why or
whether it's taken a turn for the worse
and probably expect no more Sun than
ever because I bought a car without a
roof it was my punishment that's how I
turn is over today about the kayak it
like rain finally the summer ended Italy
goes the way I mean viciously attacked
viciously attached
the attack Popat all get there on the
double
let me see you want your mommy your
sticker Oh and Eduardo I mean I was at
playgroup
she's got a sticker you go in month
oh yeah got a sticker did you like it
did you make some more friends more
friends do you have a best friend yet Oh
what's her name
Matthew Lexie is might see a boy or a
girl
Oh girls you sing songs
that's all right stay right stay away
from boys don't say that what oh yeah
sorry okay daddy's miss Messing okay
daddy silly but Jersey Boys are bad okay
boys are bad girls are great yeah run
away oh man
shall I tell you of a book do you want a
doula or a duo what how can you say can
you say butyl no you gotta go boo
can you roll your oars can you say
roundabout round what you can't go on
the table quite as evil no you can go
you ready
Johanna give me like a big girl yeah all
right okay
you stay there we're gonna get the chair
all right place the chair here wait for
daddy
no cheating right say it Oh
one pill I'm - are you won a meaningless
one I'm - what are these actors like you
would like and your - cutie all right
Hey are you going where you going all
right
I can't I can't get over my one - I'm -
you know one get out so many bottles of
water all right
that's I'm super emotional right now
- em realization are there and I got
really super emotional and I was like
yes I can't believe how like silly I am
right now um we're gonna go and look at
a school for anemia because she's got
the age now where you know she wants to
interact with her kids and she's like
you guys have seen like she's super
smart you know and I'm feel like she
needs more stimulation more than we can
give her you know and I think she needs
to work on her like social so she can
like hang out with her kids and stuff
for that and have friends she's like you
know I think she's it's hard to let them
go
you know like dammit you know and I
don't know it's just talking away to
them you know we're going to visit the
skin now in about half an hour or
something and they were talking about oh
yeah like you know we could start off by
just you know maybe doing like we can
you know we'd only do like a 9:00 to
3:00 and I was like my eyedropper one
morning 9 o'clock I don't see it'll
three o'clock that day so long I thought
what about like midday enough time and
neither side like yeah yeah we put now
we read in the stories and we give them
lunch and you do I was like what it's
like when we go me to have more kids hey
what are you doing why are you growing
up what are you what's going on like
what's my little friend you know I know
like I know it's a good thing I know
it's a real good thing for him we need
to go off and like I know she needs that
she's not she's not gonna college she's
not getting married
she's not gonna second she's just gonna
like preschool kind of thing you know
and they do last names just call it he
should like colors and numbers and play
it so I know I just feel like
overwhelming emotion and I'm like I'm
not going to cope well when Amelia
leaving home or going to school or going
or getting married I'm gonna have to
give her away to some guy is gonna steal
my daughter off me don't you steal a
media from me what's your game
and she's gonna love it
love me that's what feel I feel like
she's not gonna love me anymore she just
kind of like run off and making like new
friends and not like me anymore or
something I feel I'm gonna cry
it's just so overwhelming emotion and
this is so silly like it's so silly
Oh dropping off that morning like oh my
goodness what's wrong you're like I can
feel myself oh my god I'm such an idiot
all right I got again I've never dealt
with these emotions before I never felt
this way before about anything
oh he's gonna happen all over again with
Eduardo because like I'm only starting
to get to know him now and he's like to
come on my little friend and it'll
become my best friend
just leave me it's cool
mom I'm sorry that I left you with the
school I'm sorry that I got married I'm
sorry I know I didn't understand the
ramifications of what I was doing
okay we are done with the school bitch
we're ready to pick up the dollops
it is amazing I will say it is amazing
and amelia is going to love it
media is gonna love it yeah
Jonathan isn't why like as soon as I
start filming I get something in my eye
like unfair anyway
yeah it looks so cool doesn't it I was a
little kid stairs so Jonathan's going
off for his first day tomorrow very nice
I learned you a sort of a tester thing
I'm gonna go to school with Amelia
tomorrow we're just cool you're into
like a month of that though yeah you
just try it like you know we're gonna go
and we're just gonna go during the first
play time so we're gonna play in the
garden and then we're gonna have lunch
with all the kids
mm-hmm I'm gonna have like a fight you
know what was that thing with Adam sound
I remember we went back to school you
don't know what somebody knows and he's
like in school all the kids that's
amazing
I'm gonna say big daddy but it wasn't
big daddy yeah in the class like know
they got potato ages and like they got
um Yorkshire pudding yeah I think that
was actually teatime yeah
because 4 p.m. yeah okay let's go
collect our other children from the
nursery no see this is nursery
hairdresser it was really hard to start
with the dollars to remember it was a
greedy hard to maratha leave I will be
off for a Cena off and then once you
have the kids it's like it's not as
difficult so maybe when we have more
kids
right that's what we should do right we
should have more kids and it'll become
easier each time we should always have a
baby in the house that's our plan pees
and poos growing out their front fringes
for the last like couple of months the
anchor looks amazing yeah she does
Bianca looks really good they all look
really good they always look brilliant
after their guys you just got groomed
are you serious and they've got to go
they're gonna go off for their walk on
Friday so they're all gonna be good boy
right she bring like I know they love it
you know but you bring since you're like
forests and lakes and everything and I
know they'll ever like see you are they
looking for
come on guys yeah see nothing feel
combat like destroyed yes I ordered all
that new bows which are gonna be coming
soon guys guys didn't we have the right
shoes this kind of an excursion oh yeah
look first time wearing to coach it
looks good though long kiss give us a
tour oh wow it looks really good though
let's let the dogs run in the motor over
here and then pick them up
like the perfect booths for this area
look at my gang hey hey look at me
everybody we are doing an and oh so this
is a daddy at home man knows knife
putting chicken dippers kind of and
these I'm already some sweet corn and
it's the none no surprise if you love
never want none those u-19 knows word oh
she's a menace kinda did didn't that
nose
do you like Nando's what you're on corn
corn and chips that's what I'm actually
making an auntie knows you are mommy to
convey D make it tonight though is that
okay come on what's your favorite dinner
chips and corn I'm making chips on corn
okay goodness little my knees are
walking on his own say goodbye to your
friends see you tomorrow
which button the like button happen what
they know my god bye-bye see tomorrow to
fix a Rollie and sweet
thanks for watching today's video hope
you enjoyed it hope you add didn't yeah
I was such a baby oh my goodness I don't
know why I was just so overcome with
emotion that's oh this parenting thing
like they don't they don't tell you what
to expect it's just every now and again
you get thrown in and you just like why
are these emotions coming from why am I
feeling like this thanks for watching
today's video
give us know like show us an old comment
and I'll see you tomorrow
