good girl
wow you look so grown-up what oh you're
pretty boy too much one of them is not
like the others wait a second where's
missing it Augie look at him in the
middle
nobody notices I just play it cool
where's that missing
helos flying around the median of a
ballet blah I don't know that's why I
was trying to establish writers partner
hi
whoa what are they pay for big girls wow
did you have fun at ballet wow you look
so pretty look weird oh yeah these are
for big girls though yeah
maybe not yeah baby nappies
ba-ba-ba-ba-bom hello friends we are off
looking at a little car this morning
this isn't a family car this car has no
practical applications right therefore
it's a little bit it's a little bit of a
different situation if I was buying like
a family car right like Mumbai is great
it's okay and a family card to like
spend a bit more or you know to finance
it or something out because it has a
purpose and a function and it justifies
it cost and in Anna's car which is like
the backup second family car because we
can all fit in in and it's like again
it's like they're just advice cause
we're looking at here folks is it a
plaything a toy you know which doesn't
really fall under the category of
practical need more like want so it's I
know I don't want it like you know want
to spend a lot of money I don't want to
finance it around I don't want to be
able to just something I can just afford
to just kind of like buy it so I've
installed a budget oh no one likes that
where it's a bad word but I've installed
it because I'm trying to restrict myself
you know which makes it a little bit
more difficult obviously defined what I
want
inside the said budget you know so it's
a little more difficult part and worried
where we are this morning is because I
think I might have found something it's
like to me the year of the car has
doesn't mean anything to me
what you're looking at is obviously as
long as you know about the engines and
stuff you know as you want you want
modern engines of but to me it's the
mileage you know I mean how many times
is the engine driven how far is it
driven how many service and add how many
times have somebody sat on the seat
because say you're gonna see is we're
down over the miles you know so I found
something which is a little bit of a gem
and it has super low mileage it's a
little bit outside the budget so we're
gonna go here and we're gonna see if we
can pull it back inside the budget
that's the plan lads alright I'll see if
I can actually show you the car I'm not
100% sure we got
it's gonna be able to happen but we're
gonna negotiate hard fast and loose I
will start with one penny one penny all
right here's the car it is a whole lot
of fun to drive it is so pretty looking
or namaz ready so I just did my hair
this mascara that I have on like
transfers it's really annoying for like
sometimes it's throughout the day got
like transfer marks like up here from
this mascara but anyway I just did my
hair the first time like ages like since
a since Florida because when we went to
Florida we didn't have enough adapters
so I couldn't do my hair plus it was so
humid it didn't even make sense to do it
so I haven't done it since then cuz I
just got so lazy oh no I did it once
that playlist and even then it didn't
even look that great because my charger
or the adapter thing wouldn't work
properly it was a disaster basically
next time we go to American I'm bringing
like 500 and doctors but anyway I just
feel like in a funk or something you
know when you get yourself into like I
don't know if anybody knows what I mean
but like you just get yourself into a
funk of like not wearing makeup or not
getting dressed off and like not really
liking yourself very much I don't know I
think it's because I haven't uploaded a
video on my channel in like weeks like
since America just kind of like a
flatlined me
it's just been so busy and like with the
kids and everything with a media potty
training like even with help it's
difficult like it's so difficult because
I have to just like basically babysit
her all the time and like monitor her
all the time and make sure that she's
not gonna have an accident or whatever
so it's been just like full-on so I
haven't really had time to like take any
time out for me so today I was supposed
to go to this mulberry event thing and
then the morning was crazy so I didn't
go and then what
thing led to another and I'm still not
there obviously I'm still here at home
and then you just get into like I don't
know like it's not it's like I'm scared
to go outside my comfort zone and like I
think about it and I get annoyed at
myself because before before we had kids
and everything I was really into like
fashion I'm still in fashion and stuff I
was wet like way more into it and I
would have like killed to have been
invited to all of these events and I get
invited to all of these like really cool
events and I never go and the mall
briefing was the one thing I was like
okay I think I should go to this because
it's something that I would be
interested in but kids just like come
first all the time obviously that's just
like what happens and then I just don't
feel very fashionable I don't feel I
feel really frumpy and I just don't I
feel like I would be out of place
so I just didn't go in the end and I
feel like an idiot for not going but
that's always what happens with me I
just get myself into like this mindset
that like I'm just it's really hard to
separate from being like a mom and being
you know like a I don't even know what
your own person like sometimes it can be
just really difficult so I'm gonna film
a video because I just I need to feel
better I need to do something to feel
better about myself what I probably
should are you serious is that a stain
already sure yeah see this is why I
can't wear nice clothes
so I'm breastfeeding and I'm just like
potty training and there's like poo and
pee everywhere that a spit up or like
milk stains everywhere she's like not
happening right now so I'm just feeling
a bit not that great so I need to do
something to feel better about myself
since I'm gonna film a video and like
try and get over this funk so I'm gonna
go to Starbucks here
tasty lunch did you miss me did you have
lunch
Yod you get a big fat lip yeah did the
train run over you haywire no are you
wired oh hi Jen weirdo daddy picked up
lunch but not for you yeah did you or
did you do any is that a cup of teas
yeah a cups of teas well the wife's cups
of tea steep y'all on tucky right hey
that's a nice lunch hey that's not for
you and wardo give me that back give me
that back give me that back give me that
back give me that back that's my lunch
lunch that's daddy's lunch daddy's lunch
come on give me it
alright bring inside to mommy and say
mommy I got your lunch
thank you look at our shirt where's my
shirt watching Casper's way of terrible
good good come on what do you thinking
mania should I get the car you want a
car too
you can go it need this car you're old
enough now mommy no mommy can't if
Amelia comes mommy can't but if mommy
comes the media can't there's only
enough room for two people it's a small
little car yeah
well mommy can go in mommy's car yeah so
what do you think what do you think what
we do it
Eduardo can come yeah we put with him we
can put a dryer in the boot yeah what do
you think will we shake on it
oh oh oh small problem okay small
flowers yeah yeah okay situation
situation situation has escalated we
have a situation don't rub it on me who
became you membership Hank
ha we'll play the city would check this
out look amelia is a lifetime member of
the magical world of baby ballet make up
all the baby ballet alright hold on let
me just open this up we go check
oh no okay so we got a CD can't show you
that parts hmm look you got stickers you
got stickers that's that's when you're
going to bed at night and you want mommy
does it say Arthur's I do not disturb
look we had to break out the old laptop
yeah to play a CD device this is the
only device you have in the house that
plays CDs look at the stickers I'm not
scratching it this is cool oh you got
lots of stuff and obviously you got
ballet classes which is probably to me
anything there's been an incident lads
involving the most expensive vanilla
essence in the world has been smashed
smashed up in the lessons I am cleaning
blogging I am double tasking oh look at
it
Madagascar bourbon vanilla bean paste
well that's a poshest I never heard of
let's look at this stuff it's still
usable I think you just scoop it open I
what what what do you want to show me
you want to see this this is this is
amazing which are broken lip what's that
do I want to do it you want daddy to do
it alright we're gonna make some pass
that we found these Kitty sausages so
Kitty sausages pasta some kind of a
saucy situation there's a couple of them
in here we've got an organic
slug basil
yeah we've got tomorrow of you showing
tikka masala
don't be a big honking masala ricotta
you sure are you sure yeah
I'm a pirate
haha new parties and it what that is
there two minutes pass finish give us a
stock
hi friends hi hi sorry I'm late
Timur say hi hi hi okay we have chopped
up the stassi's got the past undergo
we're gonna put the sauces in here even
though they're in focus they're still
tasty even though their focus they're
still edible that are in focus okay
we're gonna fry these up not still still
do not have a definite plan of what's
going on are you in on the plan right oh
na na da da yeah yeah yeah okay alright
we're still have some sort of a plan
going on yeah okay well what does the
family think is it good mom made up food
partisans out of it feeding the doggies
yeah I know what stinky what is that
what are you doing Oh stinky it's the
vegetable eat it eat it eat it show your
friends show your friends say I'm a good
vegetable eater oh yeah now eat it oh
don't put in Danny's plate and now it's
time we say goodnight to our friendliest
friends we drop their kids into the back
we read them stories and then we spend
some time watching TV and eating our
fill of sweets them joy because that's
parents do when the kids go to bed then
sometimes they don't like it but they
love each other
oh we're dead pretty good where's
everyone coming in here whoa
there my E or Latino Swedes you there
you there you get your stuff the depend
right this is it even though it's not
bad that we're going even though it's
not bet that we're going good yeah okay
now here you go let's go go go
what like that wasn't supposed to happen
how's Ivan save my friends hey see you
tomorrow
like my dad Shh we wanted to posit this
child into the bath by Amelia's just a
girl doing everything right that had had
a better dad dad dad it's so funny then
look at me as a squirrel what son is
that am what's what is that it's a
rabbit isn't it it's a rabbit and
Eduardo is it a little birdie
that's like you really good isn't it I
thought I was kind of cool anyway hope
you enjoy the video as always lads it
would it would seem you're enjoying the
video if you've gotten this far and you
haven't left I'm going to go ahead and
assume you had a good time
hit your like button as a media would
say I was very excited to get that if
she stumbles over because she gets too
excited yeah thanks for watching and I
shall see you guys tomorrow
yeah I told me your day away
