hello there again and welcome to day 2
of s J Xmas have you behaved yourself
don't forget you must be subscribed to
the Guru jellies and you asked do things
and be good to gentlemen's and gentle
woman's and cats and dogs and pigs and
frogs today we are looking for door
number who you spot it for me he's
polite renders well shall we open up and
see what's inside
as you guys know we are big fans of the
stocking trip-trap and now you can have
one two friends how exciting and all you
have to do to enter the competition to
win a stock a high chair is used to
hashtag SJ excellence and stock a baby
and tell us what is your favorite
Christmas baby names and that at the end
of day number two friends make sure to
tune in tomorrow and all this mud your
chance to win a special surprise and
make sure you subscribe and comment and
light and tweets and everything and make
sure you multi know don't be naughty be
a good little boy or a girl or dog or
cat or frog and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
I can't wait for Christmas
are you excited
do you know who's coming today guys he's
coming today guys
can you explain to the boys and girls at
home
what fizzy lizzy dill in there whose
reindeer is this I mean that he forgot
to get you having hangers this year is
it yeah thanks I mean yeah also guys do
you know what else is coming today
what the Christmas tree is coming today
Toma the tractor you guys have to go to
school today when you come home from
school it'll definitely be taught it in
you dizzy and Lizzy don't know unless
here they've never been her but he maybe
if they if they met her
they might know what to then they won't
forget about the president's Baja yeah
oh boy stay at 104 death so Adonis's
let's creep upstairs guys
Alessia I love Lacey wait selfish dick
the whole gang is here
they're fizzy did you explain to Alessi
guys who fizzy and laziest the elves
come to the house and they check on you
what they do media is she gonna be good
oh really so babies can be naughty
instead of their presence I think the
older you get the more important it is
to be good and as he has never seen oh
no she saw Christmas G in Ireland all
right who wants to come first get
uniform on oh boy
oh boy Oh my famous guys what what what
is the edoardo I mean yeah what is it oh
my goodness
reindeers here guys it's so fluffy I
made a huge mess look at the mess they
made goddess in my house
oh no way are they gonna make a mess
Emelia every day good pity we don't have
any advent calendars to open this year
because we forgot them huh yeah that's a
shame
anyway let's go inside yeah oh well Lisa
what what my what today is number one
guys so you have to find number one and
then you build it and you put it in
did you guys see any elves out there 1st
to December school one in the bag you
know I'm carrying two scooters home no
boy let's get back to the car back to
the house back to the festivities okay
it's just abandoned tree that's great
dude sign
go sign the camera you just come in
drama okay all right oh oh oh
marry dreamers ahh oh my god it smells
so good is the opening game is he
yeah I saw you coming - like how many
gate oh my god it smells so good
letter squishy I can't see I'm not
responsible oh my goodness oh my
goodness um sjx oh my goodness I don't
know why I'm going this way okay so I
like its light or anything
oh I could like fry all right it's a
fresh anyone I've got a fresh any tree
oh my goodness if you could smell ashes
where to open the door this door hello
we got a Christmas tree mister oh well
it's a seven footer this year looking
smell it smell it smell it and Christmas
will begin oh my goodness friends so the
P o box came right but look this is the
John Lewis fella look we got the book as
well that's so cool and then dessert
herself but it wardo loves it that's so
cool we're just joking you today that's
John Lewis sing good Oh weird oh I've
lost my sock I've lost my sock weirdo
alright a few hours of pass and SJ Xmas
is alive I hope you guys are enjoying it
Emilia is home from ballet and she is
going to help me oh you are screams
you're nothing are you on the gymnastics
list yeah you know the list for
gymnastics is very long then you guys
only gymnastics club Amelia could skip
the list on lives charm say try outside
John side seat you know I'm saying are
you ready
Novi Jonah well done mr. that mean that
is the Irish for don't be naughty
okay so what we're gonna need to do look
at these teeth look at the tutor wearing
denim today cute Alessia did you see it
well she seen a Christmas Jess was in at
the hotel I will I will I will
alright so we're gonna need to build
this thingy first we are gonna put the
start they're media spinning the star on
and Eduardo is going to put what do you
want to put on okay that's gonna be a
problem alright the first part is done
guys
are we ready guys for the annual opening
of the tree okay so what we need to do
actually let's put the water in it first
you get me is a doggy waterfall or empty
let's go check is you could just put
some in the Duncan right now be handy
okay so let's fill this with water
what's for dinner some boots for less
yeah oh guys they're so cute aren't they
you just McGinnis Oh a nanny from
benefit hooked me up you remember I was
talking about why can't guys wear
concealer under your eyes like she said
this one if I put a little bit less
under my eyes I'll actually get rid of
my black circles and then she gave me
loads of like facial scrubs and stuff to
use I was like oh my goodness thank you
I'm gonna look awake all the time oh
nice calendars whoa you selling security
calendars or something yeah 100 thank
you well I've got my hands full
all right I'm the water it's late
December and I'm counting the sleeps
wanna wrap you up good don't care for
presents
look how perfectly symmetrical it is so
this year I tried something new I've
never done this before the reality of
having three children meant there was no
way we were gonna get here go ahead and
actually create time together so I
ordered it I worked on line I was like
can you order a tree I'm basically when
you order it they go out and they cut
the tree for you and it's like so fresh
and they say they they go and they pick
like the perfect treat for you that is
so good cuz it's not such a good tree
you mean oh just behind you I mean are
you doing so as it's busy and Lizzie are
here it is time to read the Elf on the
Shelf book
okay so cuddle in there now it's gonna
be enough room
Eduardo his name's this guy what's his
name googly this is called googly googly
has one sock on the Elf on the Shelf
you'd wanna move a googly alright here
we go guys yeah kids are in bed we are I
need a package this is my package this
is Anna's package deal
hmm hey we're gonna try out this new
show you just spotted there on Netflix
call it dark it looks basically like it
we go see daddy's home or whatever
daddy's home do a Mel Gibson yeah yeah
next week and they were like I heard my
my little boys think when I was putting
into bed as I was do you think as I was
wanting it in his bedroom door he said
thanks for watching my videos don't
forget to subscribe or something he was
like the kid watches don't want you to
like a way of saying good boy that's
funny probably I remember you so dizzy
Damian my video generation thanks watch
our video ok how many dogs you have a
teen does alright we're gonna eat our
food watch this new dark show will that
will update you and let you know if it's
any good hope you guys are enjoying sjx
miss all this one guys it's gonna be
crazy don't forget you tomorrow and I'll
see you guys later good tonight
