give morning little friends it was water
doing standing in a chair oh is that
your song sorry sorry I mean the song
let's hear it again why no literally
hide and seek
while I'm dad I can't get past the gate
the girls are finished their makeup I
mean enemy see can't see let me see
hi hi distracted now let me see how
pretty you look yes he is distracted by
the condensation of the window that's
you want to do a tail all right hey all
aboard
here you go look hello hi madam would
you like to come inside oh okay I like
your outfit oh okay so would you like to
have a seat yeah
in this lovely pink chair okay have a
seat madam oh can you see yourself not
really usually our clients are a little
bit taller
okay now I'm gonna use a special pink
brush okay do you like this
Wow you have very nice hair madam hmm
you're welcome now which Bowl would you
like today oh that one what color is
that ah
wow it's yellow to match so pretty okay
you can do my hair after okay
well so you can see no just sit down
here and we're gonna do your hair okay
ready okay hold on let me just flick
some mascara your body
it's from earlier oops got like black
eyes right okay my turn
alright are you gonna do my hair oh no I
have to come in hold on yeah wait you
have to answer the door
hold on stay there okay open the door
hello I'm here for my hair appointment
can you do my hair yeah
no you're the hairdresser so you answer
the door you open the door and say hello
madam
say hello madam hi are you gonna do my
hair today alright okay I'm Tinker Bell
I picked this one because it matches my
outfit hi teaching media XD haha
why don't they pull the camera down Wow
you gonna do because I do tickles right
you a trickle charge you me sit in a
chair Oh what's gonna happen are you
putting a chair over me where are you
gonna jump okay you're doing it again
okay hi hi bad daddy
what a little one thank you thank you
for doing a little one walking on the
winter wonderland
we need to get the milk cuz we've got a
little milk so we're going for a walk
instead to get them out
cuz I'm worried if I take the car and
maybe I'm a P my car huh
since the fear of the old P training
that's there is a very high percentage
chance that the child will clean your
car
oh we're hopin now hop hop hop
little bunny alright the situation is
more terrifying situation should the
peepees arrive I'm gonna have a worm
neck
right bus
six
age which one we get this one is that
for duardo he likes to blue on whole
mouth what do you want to share one with
Eduardo Oh me next the green one
Oh No I thought you guys like the same
one
Oh mommy help mine
no just this one's okay will you share
with Eduardo yeah okay what else do you
have to get we made it all the way home
hi friends
okay so the dogs are watching Taylor
Swift concert because there's no one
else in here here which one of you guys
did to Taylor Swift fun don't mind me
lads don't mind me at all knowing just
you know having a bit of a laugh with
you our kids like they're watching like
classic Tom and Jerry which is actually
quite difficult to find under YouTube's
I know look at her
Bianca what's she doing all right I
wanted to chime in here yesterday's vlog
it had their odd thing in the title you
know which is it's a ruling here in
England that if you you know if you're
doing some sort of like brad nailer
something in a video you need to
disclaim it and everybody needs to be
aware of that YouTube for us has become
like a job in a way you know and I got
to think about like I gotta put the kids
into school and then College University
and you know we got to make sure there's
a roof overhead or food on their plate
and stuff but right you know so like
obviously from time to time we're gonna
do brand deals I'm like if that was the
first time we've ever seen add on our
channel that's a you know you know we
don't do that once you bet you know but
we will be doing
from time to time but the one thing I
just want people to say like oh I'm
annoying you guys say that I'm like did
you see there was no difference in the
video you know because like when we sit
down with a brand and they're like we'd
like to work with you you know what I
mean and I'm always say like well my
first and foremost concern is my
audience you know the people that watch
these videos I don't ever want the
videos to feel different you know they
gotta be organic it's gotta it's gotta
just be a natural integration so we
turned down so much stuff you know and
then every now and again I'll see
whenever like yeah okay you know I mean
I can do that I actually do use that or
I actually like that or something I'm
like yeah okay no problem like you know
and then I'll make it fit in a way where
it doesn't feel like you guys are
watching an adarand like that we're up
here like at the forefront of this
industry so we're trying to we're trying
to be honest we're trying to be
transparent we're not trying to hide
anything we're just saying yeah you know
I mean this is like a brand relationship
and we just want to be you know open and
honest for you guys and then another
loss people say stuff where if if I
didn't disclose it and I said nothing to
you most people wouldn't even notice but
then it's being dishonest and the whole
point of YouTube the whole point in
making these videos was like that we get
to be honest you know anything that this
isn't TV in a sense for somebody else is
like producing the show and I don't have
to pretend to be cool I don't have to be
tend to be anybody that I'm not I'm just
myself and my I got I got bills to pay
yo so sometimes you're gonna see the ad
thing but don't ever think that it's
ever going to like change the video you
know it's never gonna like suddenly in
the middle of it like hello have you
guys tried this water mmm its tasty I
just want to say it because I you know
if you know as long as you don't say
things you know start this rumor turns
into conspiracy and then and then people
all have different ideas of everything
and I'm like no no no no no no it's a
good thing that people are just clearing
you know it's a good thing I can you
know buy us here at the forefront saying
that we're doing this eventually will be
an industry-wide thing you know and then
everybody will have to be honest like
you know but the thing is in every
different country just different rules
you know so not many people have to
actually say it right now so it kind of
makes us out here it's like oh my
this look like they're doing and it's
like no everyone else is doing it just
no one's saying they're doing it you
know hey please
I like how you color coordinated your
smoothie look at matches your outfit
your smoothie matches your outfit hmm I
tried to defrost the chicken and it
didn't end very well we're not gonna
talk about that night all right lads we
are on a serious mission I don't know if
you know kingdom has a thing called a
picture rock shake on Twitter and
everyone said what is a shamrock shake
which led me to believe that it doesn't
it doesn't exam what America was like
yeah science Wow so we're gonna go how
does it expand this is Mary I don't want
my dolls but I feel like she's good oh
my god it's so weird yeah she lives just
like her in the garden yes she does she
just puts both of her legs up impossible
can you do not like in gymnastics day
that you can get on a horse I can you
guys put your boat legs yeah yeah she'd
like it to hold you like walk around oh
my god it's so weird yeah yeah what's he
doing Mia do artists when a big girl has
good she was telling me in detail what
don't be mean don't snatch yeah that's
not gonna last very long oh no now
what's he doing why no no careful
careful careful careful petrol in their
car right there look over there see that
nice boy
for all the family
I got a feeling that the shamrock shake
is not a thing in England which is
alright if you don't rush our shake is
by the way it's um it's just like a
normal milk shake is that it tastes like
toothpaste so it's like a toothpaste
milkshake it's a magic say it's another
DP video here but uh funsies I don't
think it happened do you guys sell a
shamrock shake a shamrock shake you know
it's like a green one okay yeah yeah no
it's fine I thought it was just an
Ireland I was just checking and it's
making some rice pudding nice nice
boomtown boomtown rats all right we must
eat our fill do you want a toy yeah here
what did we get it's an egg whoa whoa
okay before you open that safe my
friends thanks for watching see you
tomorrow
that's it wired oh hey don't forget
about the light you can tell me like
button and open this okay see you guys
tomorrow bye 12 chicken nuggets in it
but the coke
none for you or none for me or I don't
know
none for someone I think every we're at
the stage has seen a Bianca Navy
McDonald's video right if not you should
definitely look it up Bebo Bianca Navy
it's hilarious hilarious ID and then
there's actually under channelers the
interviews afterwards if you ever wanted
to get the dog you've already get to
know the dogs just a little bit better
anyway hope you enjoyed today's video
hope it was the highlight of your day
well I don't know what's the highlight
every day but I hope it was enjoyable I
brought a little sunshine into your life
give us know like if it's not too much
so maybe no comment subscribe if you're
new welcome welcome aboard
hi hi Amy Maggie and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
