welcome to Emilia and Danny show
welcome to Emilia and daddy show we'd
like to put on a show for you welcome to
mommy and daddy show hi Amelia how are
you today
are you having a good day yeah what's
your favorite corner me yeah whap red
what's your favorite number one one did
you go in any exciting adventurous this
morning where did you go your boat you
enter in a boat Wow Wow who went under
boat with you
daddy was on this boat yeah Wow and
where did we go in the boat
I shall I we went to Ireland on the boat
wow did we do anything when we were in
Ireland Wow what did we do we eat what
did we eat cute we act food in Ireland
okay then did we meet any friends no way
what friends did you meet why one friend
just one friend is it a best friend who
was it
who's our best friend no Mary does she
have a little lamb she did was it as
white as snow the bed's gone in the
water
Oh mean it's gonna help me going at boat
we need to go in the boat thank you for
watching Emilien daddy show working with
you haha okay bye bye
or long walk fine thank you are you
going to go wardo come upstairs you come
here right now you come here right now
your chances the father's name you're
like a feeling of um you have a builder
bomber hmm
are you have you got the hyperness get
inside to guardo get inside where those
Bardot I mean even stone in their water
just poked himself in the eye okay
Eduardo does this thing with his Iowan
he's scared he kind of likes quits one
he kept those like hey he likes it more
than he did I think when he was a bit
younger
do you remember though Johnson you're
gonna give it a try to a piggyback Bert
can you go on your shoulders we're just
gonna go on a median shoulders okay come
on go go okay okay she's coming back
you dizzy I'm dizzy was that funny
awesome man
you were to be awesome life what he's
awesome man okay so I am trying to
figure out what to put in this little
section right
seriously seriously if you just walked
right into where I was trying to show
this section right here
I am um a bookshelf not what are we
gonna do with this is that going to your
room okay but it's not going to your
room well is it that's what you said
remember you did where you once said
that you're like no it's fine but are
you gonna finish building it because you
kind of have did it there
okay do you want me to finger pie
don't touch that mirror no there's a
free one there but I was gonna put it in
our bedroom but anyway you get the
Goldman you can have that the gold one
yeah
no Eduardo while he pooed I think you
need to change him anyway if anybody has
any suggestions for this what I got you
here then let me know Bobby
so I just tried cutting the cheese has
done and we're tag-teaming and
Jonathan's that he'd change to Ryder was
not be am I making it lunches and it's
what are you watching
you acting Elfie what's Alfie talking
about what's he'll be talking about he's
talking about Zoe what's he saying yeah
did he do that that's how many peas yes
and that's how many got one more Pooh
what happens if she gets to the end she
got so that present hmm she can't wasn't
she gets play makeup today makeup Wow oh
you got another sticker now do you yeah
Wow okay put on this sticker which one
you want to yeah pick one pick one pick
when you want to put on it oh look at
these ones oh this is a good selection
whenever one of these she keeps being
drawn to these which one the unicorn
unicorn I think they really sad which is
donating toys these are all Amelia and
Eduardo clothes that they don't really
play with anymore or use anymore and I
was just getting like close phobic cuz
there's so much stuff that like doesn't
even get played with they just basically
rip it all that so this is actually
empty right now I just need to go in it
this is all like her books and like hey
coloring books and stuff like that and
like pencils and then that's everything
that I'm giving away tickle attack this
is the baby that we sure tickle attack
we will tickle attack in the baby
do you know where is the microphone me
who is the dark horse with the pups who
is the dark horse that has the Fox isn't
that neat wouldn't you like to eat your
feet
can I have some bows it's Frank Frank
Frank doggy friends doggy friends mr.
doggy friends gone missing some mice is
so wet man must be like seriously
Oh company's waterproof right see this
is I wanted to be nice and sunny so we
can build this trampoline I want to be
that guy
where is he that guy there hi guys
I was looking for you guys roaming
around hmm
rollin ram from town to town you guys
had loved the tribe they would love to
go on a trampoline
oh yeah update about the car theme we
never really discussed this so work like
I just I don't know I just want a little
toy to play with you know I'm not ready
sure about that car um I really liked it
you know I'm just I'm toying on my head
I'm like a roadster is cool because like
we have like the family car whatever we
need a family out you know but I have
two kids I love my kids there I mean I
like actually spending time with my kids
I'm not trying to find a bad call to
escape from them you know so I'm like
I'm torn like I know I just I don't know
I'm like I'm torn with the idea again
like a four-seater or a two-seater
you know two-seaters real small I want
something like really small and just
sort of like I can only take it out like
a couple of times a month do you don't I
mean it's not like it's gonna make my
daily grind that's what we have the
other cars for you know just something
small but then I was like having four
seats mean that like just imagine like a
lovely sunny day I'm like oh yeah come
on it's like throw it down to the beach
top down to kids in the back mom and dad
in the front like he's so cool he's so
much fun
boom did I forget I ever get a roadster
but then I don't even know if I'll ever
you actually even do that you know and
then one of like
we increase in volume so I don't know I
don't know but I really like that I
really like the car it was cool to sit
in there and you know who's nice super
nice top down it'd be so much fun come
on steel get out of here skadoosh good
news you're waiting for the pizza man as
well Elsa Anna yeah mm-hmm we're doing
Elsa Anna huh and look we've got another
sticker I have a big sister hmm
playing along whoa you gonna get your
presents you want to be Elsa and mommy
can be Anna who is daddy gonna be do
Arnaz gonna be the office Eduardo's Olaf
who's daddy you ready okay Elsa Elsa
Anna
yeah Oh Elsa plaque you met LC you
remember
Wow is it way to pick and now put it in
the crown Oh laughs where those or
laughs daddy's all life to have to sing
with mommy okay ready
do you wanna build a snowman
yeah down here
you look so pretty do you want to look
in the mirror yeah okay let's go look in
the mirror see got a crown and I've got
a crown you look so pretty
oh you look so pretty - mister don't
conceal don't feel let them know don't
have to know art oh oh my goodness well
I spent my Friday night hey welcome to
the job Jonathan's House of Pancakes
imagine Jonathan's house of thinking
served bu-bye to doggie friends and
Emilia is the chef Eduardo is the guy
you only come in the door the guy that
seats you Anna
give me a waitress and I'll be your
what's that like host it's not a thing
to get a host as well man I miss our guy
we should go back to you we are going
back soon sooner than later anyway I
hope you enjoyed today's video
it was like I was I just finished
editing that video and I was actually
hilarious I had her there
he's I lol like literally laughed at
that I actually just wait it was like
today's buddy would folks do you
remember that tweet were you there hi hi
friend
hi Twitter friend anyway hope you had a
good time leave us no comment if you had
a good time you know express yourself
don't repress yourself give us know like
click and I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another fun time bye
