morning doggie friends so many doggy
friends so many jockey friends sooo many
jockey friends or don't keep me might
have a lot of dodgy friends
what's beneath waiting friends welcome
to my hair
learn a cool book on how me yeah what
are you saying what your or on wow
you're a big girl
you're picking chiz
picking shoes for me yeah oh nice new
shoes for a Mina yeah hey who's that
but your daddy and me mm-hmm
hey why is it raining in the house Wow
umbrella
okay so Cleo is peeing and pooing or
turn a tree okay so she's been going and
hanging outside which is really good if
Nikki oh but we just have to keep us
you're not asking her but we have to
keep bringing her outside every layer
fan media going through my by putting on
lip ball and Eduardo it's my makeup
mirror
that you that you look at the state of
these shoes Johnson took our note
yesterday or the other day I got from
muddy shoes yeah do you wanna go bp's at
times freedom no no Cleo good gun I'm
not going I'm trying to get the little
doggie oh yeah yeah
what you you can't come outside you
don't shoes on okay I was that side so
you have it so much but yeah she's
really am like sort of like injected
life into the pack you know like you
like a new little one but all I know is
you're running around together
okay was like a lunatic she's not all
right I think it's like a ten-week shots
and stuff like that so she's able to go
in our garden because all our dogs are
vaccinated but if we can actually bring
it out into like a walk she wears other
doggies uh-huh you chase me
really yeah get again deal deal deal
I deal IPO hi Cleo hi Albie I'm Nevaeh
who else is out there
you see nah you see these no ischemia
whoa
look at this laundry situation here lads
there's so much laundry and that's like
two kids and two adults and six dogs did
you imagine we had more anyway I was
gonna do this and then I was thinking
like sure I'll show you guys this
because look at check this out right
this is really really cool right you
know Eduardo likes to put his um food
everywhere right well here's here's a
Mexico that Eduardo made just for you
guys right this is the one that we use
for getting rid of all this stuff right
you basically rub this stuff in right
before the wash and it like magically
gets rid of it it's so good pour on the
goop scrub out the mess that is how we
do and do it today we're gonna pour in
their goop you can sing along if you
want guys in the goop scrub out the mess
that is how we're going to make it we're
those clean up mess thank you this is
definitely better if you have two hands
lets you handle it situation but right
now we have a one-handed situation just
rubbing an area in there it just smells
so good I just like the smell of it Eric
always says that you know you're in the
supermarket you walk down the aisle
we're like all the like painting stuff
is you ever get that smell I don't know
and of course a medium just loves to M
do a different awkward one so we have to
get a color d1 which makes it ten times
better you know so our next child my
plan is to make them only wear neutral
colors when eating food I'll be my plan
lads neutral colors for food how do they
manage to get food everywhere I don't
know I don't know anyway I shall do this
and then we'll put it in here
and then all of this laundry will be
done I am amazing
did you pick that outfit yourself Wow
are your legs cold Oh No is it cold
that's because you're a big girl now
yeah yeah ma'am you need tights Oh bye
what happened did you go peepees in the
toilet
like a big girl and you got chocolate oh
my goodness well done Amelia you got
sweeties
very nice oh you're such a big girl you
got a triangle in your sweetie oh yeah
it was a Hershey's kiss oh oh good
because we don't like them you like them
oh yeah was it did she tell you that you
needed to go and then like all of a
sudden pull down your pants at her own
party Wow Wow a triangle I'm so proud of
you me Nia cuz it's a big girl
later yeah
we're planning us well done you get
sweets yeah you got sweeties seems like
a pretty good deal to me come I'll drop
you tomorrow yeah okay sounds like a
deal
you want to come up to daddy okay
daddy's working but that he can always
use your assistance you got a new one
Wow oh and okay still all right don't
show the boys your pens don't be showing
everyone your pens the Hello Kitty one
Wow is it super you're super know you're
super you're super don't pee in the
couch we're heading to look at a car my
lights like that came back and I was
like oh my entire world changed no what
if that had a fun little toy although I
said I was like I was thinking to get
back into motorbikes you know please to
drive more why here another
I've traveled many countries in
motorbikes Anna shut that down
no she said no you'll die I said oh no
this was not my thing you know what
about a little toy all that is the worst
day ever
I know look at a roofless car it's a
pony it wasn't lashing rain when we
headed off on her journey well I think
some thing has happened on this road
he's kind of been on this for like ages
and I keep looking at the time that he
was going up
but we'll be back before nine times over
yeah that's like it because it should be
only twenty minutes but it's turned out
16 hours
yeah you know the cars on wheels if you
if you get this car does not mean that I
can get a mini yeah yeah that's actually
what I want is my car like you can
actually prank those slight pain it's
about the size of human except yeah like
you have like what would you do in a
smart car we're gonna keep the yeah
we're keeping this because this is a
raising family bar you know so this is
like an extra thing that I can put in
the garage boys just need things that I
clean and and accessorize why don't you
ever clean this cuz this is like my
family car I mean like I need an engine
he didn't change oil filters in life
fixing okay Eduardo's never doing that
just one I'm gonna go ahead and teach
you teach you right no yeah it's a
dangerous hobby I don't like it not
alone I was dangerous hobby so oil on
your hands is smell of petrol I'm in a
row
oh yeah that's good it's good let's take
out the Catholic
it's ducat back conversion what do you
think it's pretty cool that's you know
it's fun sports Crowe didn't expect the
back to be like that close yeah I could
open this but it's raining hi guys hi
everybody
did you miss me yeah did you go to milk
in bed hi word oh did you miss me did
you miss me too let's turn the light on
who is that better oh the heating's on
the go that's what doe did you get some
sweeties yeah cuz you're a good
chocolate sweeties top not chocolate
sweeties why do you have a duardo suck
hey hey wait oh ho Joe me to tilt it
down for you guys look oh not better
yeah now where I can see it Nakula Kazan
itself you can see it so making one of
the media and fans and favorites which
is peas bacon onion and shell pasta
which is this one right here I don't
know why but I mean my mom used to make
this when I was ma not even small my she
just make this as like a regular dish
but it's in one of my Miss Hannigan
cookbooks as like a kid's meal so it's
not kind of cool
but it is definitely something that she
will eat because she quite likes the
shape of the pasta and also the peas so
that's cool so I've finished cooking my
pasta Murs gonna drain it now to my
pasta I have added egg yolks and
parmesan I'm pretty sure my mom did not
used to add egg yolks but she definitely
added a lot of parmesan and it was quite
a soupy texture which is the same as
this because I put in the cooking water
as well I cooked it slightly different
to how it is in my book but it's like
half what is in my book and half what I
remember my mother doing so yeah but it
looks and smells really good
so I know I mean he has gonna love this
I just know that there's big mess here
or added some basil as well but yeah in
case you're wondering
it's from Gennaro Contaldo book easy
Italian which is good if you don't
really like cooking or you're not very
good at cooking like me and you just
want something quick and easy
that's basically why my mom caught me
that was hello hello Jim who's him he's
giving the hairdresser okay let me just
go get him for you now
hi it's Jim and welcome to the salon
this is what Jim is like Jim has a brush
which knows no mush when a little baby
gets a fussy
he gets a little rushy all right you
ready for this here we go
and three two one all right this time
it's for real
do you love chocolate more than bananas
dick yeah do you love chocolate more
than daddy
welcome to Amelia's hotel flyin Nagus
being nude my super cool brother open
Anna's cupcakes ravaged Ovie's toasty do
dogs will help you with anything that
you need you may take a dustpan to fly
yeah maybe a hotel there's a funny one I
hope you enjoy today's video um you
might have noticed that um you can like
Amelia's progression with the old party
situation has got you its final stages
therefore it's very difficult sort of
like not well not feature it but just
try to like be subtle about it so this
is subtle as we can at this point
because it's mental she's she's napping
us and any parent knows it is a
terrifying time when the child is
running around without a nappy you're
like oh my goodness oh my goodness you
know it's like you know
Oh in this oh my goodness today's video
is sponsored by oh my goodness
anyway thanks for watching this video
hope you enjoyed it uh give us know like
if you have the time and if you have a
little more give us know comment what ya
J's bah and then I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
