morning dr. Amelia you want you fixing
mini huh let me see
oh that's Vicki no is that Minnie or
about minis we're twins hey what did you
watch this morning and daddy's bed did
you it left an Elmer made me the guy's
my bed this morning and she thought yes
yes oh look at that nice Sam
shuffling whatever that's called huh um
Amelia don't look concerned your dog has
just appeared behind you what are you
often media you're bringing alright oh
is this a train station yeah the
children even dogs it's very sunny it's
nice though sometimes nice do you like
the furniture what you mean do you think
guys
is this the start of December right Oh
careful Creole good boy are it out no
like this
Eduardo's knows how to open gates that's
the problem where are we going we're
gonna set ball which is like football
except it sucks
ballet work mommy come on we'll walk we
can walk there yeah look I was putting a
new reg in the car but I'm told cars
look so much better without registration
plates I'm so jealous of cars in America
where they don't have to put a reg on
all right let's not a new car it's just
no registration plates but don't they
look so much better when I at the air
reg plates I just think they look so
much nicer be so cool even local red
plates how does an aeroplane he's gone
into the clouds there you see him where
is he gonna come on are we going in an
aeroplane
next week okay don't be telling people
stories come on let's go
okay let me see your biggest kick your
biggest kick yet ready running kick it
kick whoa I wasn't as big as we all
anticipated go on comfort nice big kick
uh-huh
can you stand on the ball can you sit on
the ball sit on the ball he did it it's
far away what did you say
mommy's a psycho where did you what you
want to kick the ball into the trees
okay go for it hey no you forgot the
ball oh nice well Oh ready aim fire oh
oh it is so much fun I can't wait ladoo
our toes what okay you run that way I'm
gonna keep the ball I can't wait to do
our does this age - this is you so much
money if you have like watch out
Oh with you so much foeman you've got
like a couple of kids you know I like
playing with them all you know it's like
we're at with kids were there well it
totally makes you want to have like
blows nose the kids because there's so
much fun to play with but more so like
when it's wireless this age aha see me
so much fun like this hold it up so
everyone can see you
- see you in the screen whoa let me see
you there you go use the hole like that
after the tree you know millions on a
thing
the media not a thing hi is it - hi
catch you how was it - hi babies up in
this tree what
hey daddy oh daddy so I bought new
bedding and it was quite a splurge our
bedding was like so cheap
wait till I show you these are like the
oldest pillows we never even bought them
I think we just inherited them from my
mum yeah and then this was like a cheapy
oh my God look how cheap that look yeah
we bought a media like a hundred pound
goose down single survivals duvet and
it's amazing and then ever since and
then my mom came to stay and we got her
not expensive sorry mom but because it
was for the guest room we bought it was
actually it was quite expensive though
wasn't it the one that we got for the
girl it was like it was still goose down
our channel whatever I don't know but we
got a goose down one for up there too in
our spare room nah okay this is
ridiculous we have like a spare room
Juve that's nicer than our master duvet
so I finally got one the sinkage
goodnight amazing pillow our dough are
you having a tuna sandwich yeah yep
goodness oh goodness serious huh
she's on the tuna big tuna is a
Dominions process you see that she eats
the tuna off the bread they would you do
yeah just put that to the side there now
think she's eating like shelters on you
know where you like leave the side
hold on iPhone nice another one
Mars got some - don't leave your phone
line round leo leo
yeah no we saw Helen yeah we'll come
back football we saw Helen Oh driving
away with our Dougie's okay moocher you
know what's not a race peel just widen
it the big shop yesterday or did
everything except for cheese oh no all
right she is hilarious like cheese
I do love extra church Jesus punchy I
got like I stand it on as well okay
Center people don't like it
we're buying William parity like the
strong jeans or a t-shirt so Triffids
I've just told him that he's wearing his
hat wrong because he was wearing it like
completely wrong but now I've basically
fixed it for him he's nothing so much
better it's a style makeover yeah so is
showing only the bagels are like go in
and because you already could bagels
well how'd you cut the ham joining your
friend so I don't wake is white or creme
you wanna call his mommy missing oh you
climbing up anyway now you're Vicki is
now you can stand up when I bring you
all downstairs do you guys want to catch
a taxi a dad taxi are you going in a
taxi
what are you going in a hex
you're going in a taxi to see some cows
cows and pigs cool you're gonna paper hi
so apparently we were going in a taxi to
go see cows and pigs and then we're
gonna put on some paper
sounds like a good afternoon what do I
see I see
Amelia no I'm gonna go see a giraffe and
pigs oh yeah
do you remember we saw it's rough in
Disneyworld wasn't that cool what
eduardo saw a donkey to remember we need
to poo in the donkey they did why don't
like it to Kate
why'd it was too scared
Amelia liked it yeah me Leo wasn't
scared
he made a piggy as well Dwight I was too
scared yeah cuz he's only a baby
yeah a little baby you are tall yeah
should you be covering a fast becoming a
big boy soon he'll be a big boy Frannie
Cleo has the ability to sit I feel Cleo
sit right drivers cheering yeah
can I come to the hotel okay bye mommy
I'll meet mommy's cooking dinner where's
the hotel up there I'll bring this to
the hotel is that how you get into the
hotel
oh you flight to the hotel
oh it sounds like a pretty good hotel is
Eduardo come into the hotel weirdo who's
it it oh oh hey I know do you want to
come to the hotel guys apparently all
your name is up room so I just sit on
this and then it's like whoa media me
I'm flying come where no bunk come where
no come fly away with us we're flying to
the hotel beat me up beat me up right
now
come on right now let the White House
walking Amenia right let go his hands
okay you gotta walk in a straight line
walk in a straight line you walk in a
straight line
it's insane lately how much Amelia's
imagination has really come to life I
don't know if you guys can like I don't
know observe it in the videos but like
it's insane like she's just always off
like on a little adventure well she
wanted to fly to a hotel and like she's
on the boat all the time and she's like
and then she's like brings Eduardo into
her little imaginary world which is
really cool to see cuz when I was a kid
like I was told I lived in like I had so
many like imaginary friends I had like
fantasy worlds but I would live in and
you know what I mean I would be excited
to daydream about my world from I you
know imaginary friends war and stuff
like that and it's really cool to see
Amelia it's showing the science that she
has the same like super active
imagination that I have which is which
is it's such a gift like cuz it's so
cool to be able to just like indulge
those fantasies and not have to worry
about what people think is when you get
older you start thinking like yeah I
probably shouldn't one of my favorite
things to do is kid I know mine you guys
never did this book is to live in the
house upside down
you ever imagine living in your house of
sin and I'm walking around your house
upset I know I always wanted that anyway
thanks for watching today's video
kids know like give us know comment and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
