my friends
that's called a Sunday morning snooze
situation Eduardo is snoozing as well
what is this what is this laughter and
everyone's sneezing like the kids it
isn't I'm confused
I have Confucius fortunately these
little buggers don't sneeze they've to
get it no more than otherwise the guy
the pee pee Patrol people tall people to
pop up her puppy patrol get the devil oh
you know that was were you oversleep and
then it's actually worse than under
sleeping huh you have this movie Sunday
bar does happy now what did wardo say is
Ohio says that's what you say weirdo so
he says it's a nighttime yeah what does
the media say right time
does it mean a go oh this is mommy say
it might I'm only thinking like hey what
did I say tonight home didn't idk
maintained this is don't get out of your
bed then the meeting agenda provide
isn't you I can't get caught daddy gets
cross you still can hear that and you
still come down here every night yeah
while I was here - everyone's here so
we're thinking of bypassing Bravo Faso
and having brunch brunch oh fast Oh
because it is almost lunchtime and is
somewhere between lunch and breakfast
you make you feel inky when you -
everything up in here that's when I
continue oversleep heads are you able to
make it with non-dairy suffering
that what I'm not pancake okay
is that like different even I saw whole
milk no hey I'll give it a go
can I ruin my day I didn't need a lot of
them only a wooden half Peggy let help
where are you off this what's wrong
what's wrong
you want a banana boon dead man what's
my name
banana man you like your banana it's
giving me this banana may wake up a
little bit you want a banana
yum yum yum is that so you got
blueberries yeah let it ride nap nice
this is very hot and whatever go for
crepes and face this is the IHOP special
what do you use again isn't it you
probably need to get you know a little
small blueberries yeah no throw one here
take a tribe finger here yeah take a
chart you can just flip with your hands
you don't need a spatula
oh you're one you should've listened
almost ready that is is like caprese
pancake no calzone or calzones I to
praise me nobody come on work that it
might be okay yo you should listen to me
right next one I'm flipping I'm flipping
mad here look it was almost er it's
almost right
oh my goodness
are you serious saved it oh yeah I
turned away for a second and you like
cute little boy I media media you want a
pancake you put in the exact same
amenity to lassen so there's no cheating
ready yeah go go
everything the exact same as last time
making a mess of it Jonathan why is it
weird shape because I tried to bring it
off and they quit under stop my area
this is your daughter so you have to get
it right or oh but Jonathan I don't have
to Scott's birthday whoa oh yeah ah yeah
you know you were a dinner you know you
are a dinner okay let me Kay hi baby
pancake cake I fan hook Oh hook so far
so good
Amelia's Eduard's get into town and I
just came out what do you think your job
pancakes chopped
yeah Jonathan's house of pancakes it's
like the International hasn't I think
it's Jonathan test
would you come back to the job - free
refills at the job
yeah there's are all the staff are
actually dogs that's our like you know
unique selling point I feel there they
have they work on tips well they work on
scraps actually they actually what is it
18% of the entire meal you have to give
them scraps actually actually that's
good that's the one thing as a European
in America I just did not understand the
whole time where there was the whole
tipping culture thing cuz we don't have
that here you know we just like people
get paid a wage and that's it but in
saying that service is very good in
America so everyone's like you know she
got to work hard for that a tip which is
good but you most of the time after we
didn't understand it at the start and
had a couple of awkward moments we just
like over tipped everyone you're just
like throwing money at people like here
here take some money it was like
charmazing hey love this
it's our answer to or none it is that
he's giving those of money ragamuffin oh
did you open the gate
are you coming up you coming up here to
rag off and then break them up in man so
Natalie you can actually open the gates
do we actually get like Pinton control
um that's unique place to sit you wanna
sit there as well you both sit there if
you want I can turn the TV look at that
huh look can you get the whole thing
like pulls up the wall yeah you want to
see but then the whole point was so you
can see from here matcha tea beer in the
garden
that cool demanded that yeah you'd be
very careful yeah it might fall yeah it
probably won't go because it's bolted on
but it's probably best not to yeah oh I
got it I got it I got it oh okay about
that yeah I got it get it worked out
good for it oh you got a pass it kick it
kick it kick it
whoa nice kick it hope I miss oh no oh
no oh no you always a grace hey ready
ready ready it's a race to catch the
ball okay ready ready get it worked out
barn Oh got it
pass the to eduardo passage in duardo oh
no oh no I'm just gonna throw it there
was concerns there wasn't concerns but
noted okay wardo wardo pass the ball
oh hi good white oh hugging the kiss
who's a faker
okay oh and a hug okay
whoa okay wiggle wiggle better Wiggles
come on better Wiggles go all right
let's pick you an outfit before bed hmm
oh my this one you want to wear that one
to bed
we bought this in look it's an actual
and Disney one authentic original with
morning Apple it's like the quality is
so good
that's not even talked about or is it
the price of these things oh my goodness
what choice you have doctor stuff at the
dinner all right let's get something a
little bit more cash it's Sunday it's
Sunday we need something a little bit
more casual you want something casual
some some casual Sunday attire
no no what's in here oh do you like that
one
yeah it's very lovely okay this is what
mom does think we put them right here
like this we make a little person that's
that that's a nice jumper just love Li
yeah good girl oh you love daddy give me
a hug give me a hug right now oh I love
Amelia oh yeah let me show you love
mommy - I need y know who else who you
make your doggies - Oh baby boy they got
pretty bows so nice yeah okay what else
do we need
you get Bo we need a bouquet get the bow
box yeah not this one
give me that is it this one okay let's
put it over here all right we need pick
a bow okay pick up oh it has so much DS
so maybe a gray one or a pink one this
one oh when is it we need to sing for it
oh okay
Minnie Mouse and Princess Sophia I like
it I like it it really it really brings
the outfit together huh you need a need
a vest need a vest good job you're here
we need a vest okay where'd vests go rd
in here not these ones
oh that's pajamas what's my name
pajamas you Chevron style TV channel
show menu new media epic be okay all
right
Oh officially awarness favorite song
he founded himself like maybe there's
something who is that frozen no yeah
look mix let it go it was kind of cool
see out all about that bass oh is it a
song all about that bass this must be it
two boys like I'm all about that bass
work we're parents i punished him in the
head okay
sorry Nolan take it like a man take it
like a man your first punch to the head
Wow thank you very much no yeah
Linnea
Did you touch it did you eat it no we
have come to the end of the video I hope
you had a good time don't forget to hit
the like button and leave a comment it
rhymes with the word that I like to say
it might sound a little strange but it's
a word that I made up that anything
about now that I'm singing this song to
one or some how can I think of a word
that's gonna make sense I don't really
know should I go to the dentist what I
don't know anyway I hope you enjoyed
today's video give us know like give us
know comment and the word that I have
chosen for you to rhyme with is Penelope
Sitwell vibe
