well you know I don't go ahead and wire
it out taking a run first boyfriend's
kids woke up nice and early this morning
huh hey maybe I'll just stop you there
little man commit wardo come up to your
castle yeah he's gonna try he's a fire
oh you know why does castle wants to get
some socks you've gotta go downstairs so
IRA is heading off she remember a couple
weeks ago
I don't went looking at a puppy and a
friend they're going looking at another
doggy today but they might actually be
taking that doggy home why is watch it
water there I need to get some socks and
then it's figured out a sneaky
roundabout way of getting herself a
seven jog oh yes on you guys notice we
have someone that kind of helps us with
the kids have trade today you know and I
would say to her oh she was saying that
her supposed to get a dog you know and
then that's like oh why don't you take
off is gonna work every day you know and
I'm it pretty hard you can't even talk
at home every day when you go to work I
was like a little lipo when I was like
well you can you can take the doctor
working with Dave you and it was like
yeah ducky ducky can come here every
single day there's some roundabout way
and then it's figured in a way to get
herself a second dog sorry can you just
can you just keep it down keep it down
there I'm on the phone it's a
long-distance call your agenda
oh is it a joke decided telling jokes
huh
he's so funny you're a funny little man
a few days ago I knew that I always like
oh this is Valentine's Day is there for
a break oh I've kind of a I've let it
slide a couple of times I am this year I
was like I'm gonna totally like I can
see like I'm letting it slide but it
didn't let it slide so on it's a great
like super awesome
and then it's Friday and then it's a
testimony of a Monday so like okay I
ruined the buzz that yeah that's great
thanks but we'll be like specially
surprised really disappointed I was like
looking so sleek in form I'm taking
everything and they wound Rafi I'm not
delivering it on time we wait to get a
puppy
maybe I don't know we're going to do a
puppy and I'm so excited and I don't
know we could potentially leave with a
puppy but we're not really sure yet but
probably well hopefully we will so I'm
so excited oh except that's drive him
drive me it's like I'm not I'm really
excited
all right why no forget him now huh do
it oh my goodness look he's walking he's
walking semi assisted I'm a bit nervous
oh you can do it you can do it you can
do it oh oh this is scary but you're
doing it right oh nice whoa whoa whoa
your dogs barking that's a good sign oh
this is gonna be so cool I'm gonna want
to find them walk the whole litter is
here
Mina's gonna show you her Stefani joy
dance wait wait right ready go
that's later next week or tomorrow for
that again we go again all right ready
let's go down here media did you ride
you find some ugly shoes yeah you want
to get the other one oh my god did you
not get you know there are fits yeah no
they're all fixed cuz I I know I
couldn't handle it oh my god so we took
one of the puppies we had to separate
her from her brother some when it's
gonna be five I think if I had got
another one Jonathan would have killed
him but she's gonna be fine no oh
goodness hi yeah all the teachers in
your bed yeah you got a boat to match
Wow
we've been very busy right so we came to
pets at home it's your first time out
doesn't it should everyone keep stopping
me like we're getting her look I love
how they put a Maltese and just some
essentials basically oh my goodness
sniffing Everton it's a girl I think you
hurt sniffing everything smells like a
popular it's okay where I no no you you
love for me there I wonder what her name
is
Valentine's you got a bad thing
let's be some comments name the puppy
you ready to meet Alvey
you wanted me Alby that's too much
that's too much
it's testy whoa
you got me don't tell me it's another
girl I for fuck's sake there's so many
girls in the house Oh what is it again
it's a pug makes it a pug layer hearth
is like a Pyrus a polka there all right
we have three dogs in okay just not worn
in pluck that walked right past didn't
notice she's like I'm just like pinkie
you look fierce funny thank you have you
changed your hair
I can't quite put my finger on it
you see don't you know what something's
up I know yank
like oh yeah Kamino has a new best
friend
Wow in the water it seems like Bianca
right in there
Oh sniff I guess the smartest oh yeah
they're all in they're all here
tio and the van didn't really take much
notice is it to attend there oh that's
different
did this little wagon muffin here yeah
yeah the very one huh
yeah Alfred a bunch which is so cute
there are one two three four five six
seven eight
Anna Bianca nine in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
Emilia rolled over you still roll over
whoa who fell out
Eduardo fell out I mean II I don't
actually fall out get up there porcini
Bianca is a bad winner so uh you just
put it in for a second and she was paid
is the first reaction to being on a soft
surface if she feels it's all surfaces
or punches I plug it to peanuts this
must be it must be a piece but yeah we
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I came up hey man
yeah your favorite and a bank as Bianca
your favorite
yeah I'm Bianca
yeah there Armenia's favorites whose
favorite is Alby yeah and what about
mommy who does mommy favorite niece what
about um Eduardo
who's the duardo favorite t oh yeah I
know man what's for dinner chicken nice
Nando's chicken South you know what mine
that would my not me I'm making veggie
yes chick-fil-a oh no no no no careful
now there's coffee makeup and stuff all
right here we go
be careful the test of all tests Wow
look at you
didn't do it I mean why us
oh sorry cat burglar where does catch an
open you you look so cute together
save my friends thanks for watching Jay
I love my brother hit the like button
here is that good use Oh cute dude
you're so cute - you're so cute - whoa
careful that's not even his Aleve are
there RV with you can just coming out of
a walk yeah that would not be good
that's a safer at the safer spot and
it's called an amazing dinner
jump oh my goodness potatoes and
chickens and spinach and like this
publicly and formally thank you for
making this that's how much I need
Stacey valid something nice for you for
us
aren't we so Rose Mantic lads look at us
they're now giving your smoocher ooh
although the first to me true is kinda
in the dark so we didn't actually
episode apart from work for a contract
offered or cured why do you hear it
wider than that whatever the media I
don't know what they do believe me is
like come on quick we have to do it is
there something like that I don't know
what she's up there anyway hope you
enjoyed the video
um gives no like one is not like and
there's no comment
wonderful um subscribe if you're new
these videos just keep popping them out
and then you'd be like hey what is that
family would do 700 billion dogs and
loads of kids and stuff sure to
subscribe them it'd be in the
subscription box even though it doesn't
actually always work either
did you know that there are what I'm
saying see you tomorrow bright nerdy but
you're thinking hats on the know
everything fight
