good morning again good morning good
morning you're going in to tell me
attorney is going to use Lincoln poop
now you're not a nincompoop you look
like a nincompoop what's that oh oh is
that an apple this is actually pretty
amazing like it's a full charge for an
app or a phone would you like an apple
don't eat it hey come on let's wipe your
nose in here hey why are you going near
me you know
hello hello come out the door oh right
like it at home okay fine ready big blow
big blow
boiling weirdo doctor wardo can I have
an appointment doctor wardo can I have
an appointment
does he own appointment let's go for a
walk come on what ehm ehm come on let go
let go oh you got it just do it
no oh come on
ehm okay now I'm going to let go okay
you ready haha
did you know didn't you guys hear that
the military against Superman exercise
over the house well I should knock
right so I'm going to we would get
Jonathan's birthday cake supplies and
his birthday presents was gonna do it
yesterday don't think I'm really
unprepared but I asked him yesterday I
was like would you rather that I vlog it
and do it the day before because that's
the only way I can log it as if I do it
the day before because he's obviously
gonna edit the next morning he's like
yeah I'd rather you've locked so that's
what I'm going to say but as always
before I go out I'm feeling really
anxious about driving and parking so I
think I meant parking like somewhere
different a husband more space I'm not
sure yet so I'm heading it and hopefully
I don't get stopped thanks to a trolley
thing right so I'm never parked in this
car park before but I was too afraid to
go to the one that I usually Park in
because I knew it'd be really busy so I
reverse parked into this space because
this one is usually quite empty the only
thing is it's a pain display one so now
I have to pay so yeah I'm gonna go and
figure out how to do that I think you
can do it like with your phone or
something I'm not really sure but yeah I
parked and I reversed into a spot excuse
me what's going on what do you think
that wouldn't mean while you've got one
in your hand
don't Emilia naughty that's not nice
come on let me put all those things nice
v yeah now what do we have to say what
we have to not tell Dad
what birthday present
where's his birthday present thank you
can you show me his birthday present
picture
let's put it in the bag don't tell him
what else what are we gonna do we're
gonna make him a cake good girl okay
well we're at the coffee again are we
let my birthday tomorrow
Oh Shh do you know did mommy get daddy a
present are you gonna tell daddy what
the present was you sure you can tell
daddy mommy said you can tell daddy what
the present is
I'm gonna rub some candles Oh
blow them up you mean he knows that her
presents are where is it no it can't be
up there
I don't know you said you knew where it
was
if you got a suitcase how do you know if
that is the case this Eduardo no my
price is illicit case downstairs in the
basement
are you sure did you see mommy put it in
there did she tell you to start to tell
me
blow the candles up what's in my
suitcase is there something in my
suitcase I don't know maybe we'll take
my suitcase out what I just don't bring
my suitcase up
why are you sure what did you say dopey
jokes we need tissues back dough feed
Ochs
stack is a nurse look at these twins
they look like twins they hit him close
to it all right
the Bo's situation can you please get me
a tissue for these stuffy nose use your
sleeve
that's us these are four they do a
little bit they're twinning Jack's
having a pizza ever pizza in a party
piece and apologize which will hopefully
be delivered me a pizza in a party mood
wonderful
that's plenty people this party then
let's cut off let's come back on no
drinkie fits in this party oh we had
these plans you get like the holiday I'm
gonna do this melody that whoa between
Jack like and children lag that was the
sleep technique I don't know if you can
see that but you touch your sleeves to
the door hello all right guys let's
pizza they be doing
presents for dad right I'll be preparing
the pizzas you'll be preparing the
babish the light the light
Wow
right so everybody's in bed Jonathan's
not technically playstation or something
but everyone else is in bed and I'm just
in here doggies and drinking my water
trying to drink up and I'm almost ready
to go to break myself but I am here to
wrap presents so here's some of them and
then I've got this wrapping paper which
I was going to go with a Valentine's
theme because that's what I usually do
excuse me his birthday is the day before
Valentine's book I thought I was gonna
just keep it separate this year and do
you like you know something kind of just
her boy so boyish I don't know it's not
even for a boy so it was kind of cool
something that he would appreciate so I
went with this like newspaper like my
not needed for like magazine kind of cut
out one this is from Paper Chase and I
got about 5 sheets of that and then I
got navy blue ribbon cuz a lot of the
lettering on that is navy blue and then
keeping with the kind of blue theme and
I got some candles blue candles for his
cake which I'm gonna bake tomorrow and
some blue food as well and that is the
outcome and that's what everything looks
like all hey I'm so happy with how it
looks
there's his card so yeah tell Jonathan
happy birthday in the comments below and
quitting I will see you guys tomorrow
wasn't that the cutest ever what it
really was like trying to talk about
daddy's present right now he was in the
sink
she was so like in under joke I love she
was actually like before she started
recording that she was actually like
leading me around the house and telling
me to check different places like I like
I think he's coming she is so funny oh
my god
kiddo huh thanks for watching today's
video hope you enjoyed it give us know
like if you're in the mood for liking
things a comment is always appreciated I
may not always have the time to reply to
your comments but I read every single
comment every single day and I edit and
film you see if I spend more time
replying to comments I'd be left so I'm
filming and then we we'd reach an
impasse but don't think that me me not
revise your comments it's me not reading
them I do I read all the Twitter's and
instagrams and snapchats and Facebook's
and YouTube's and tumblr I don't
understand humbler sorry CK smart thanks
for watching boy
