hello everybody and welcome to day one
of s J Xmas are you excited because I'm
excited have you been a good boy or girl
this year have you well let's find out
friends and we will open door number one
150 pounds worth of next branded goodies
friends so to be in with your chance to
win friends all you have to do is tweet
with the hashtag SJ Exmouth and add next
official and tweet what is your favorite
type of pudding from avid Christmas good
luck friends and that is it for day one
oh that's J Xmas guys and make sure to
tune in every day this month for a very
exciting surprises make sure you
subscribe and make sure you hit the like
button and tell your friends and tell
your pet and everyone 400 giveaway
I can't wait for Christmas
and the lad saw the crisp
good morning friends and it is snowing
and it is almost December tomorrow oh my
goodness imagine it sticks guys you
could see it it's just starting now
alright you might be able to do a
snowman guys these people won't believe
me then it snowed this morning there's
my first bit of snow of the air I've
touched it I'll touch my first bit of
snow the air I just know one do we know
if you clap guys it makes it better a
comedian has brought in the great cats
enough for her friends did it
did the school run guys okay so I
basically spend most of the day building
disks you guys know Francesca gumbatz
yeah actually illustrated a book for me
so I contacted her a while ago and I was
like can you Christmas fight and the
family says she retrieves some drawings
for me and Christmas fighted I remember
you guys have spotted him like I'm
actually Santa Claus and yesterday Xmas
staying in the corner for them I'm
currently exporting that now then I need
to put the final touches on su Xmas
which has begun friends how exciting is
this thing exciting is my top it's a
catastrophe well how exciting is sjx
minutes I hope it's everything you
dreamed up every day friends it's gonna
get better
we've got some crazy stuff lined up for
you guys it's amazing
hungry I really hope you have you guys
win loads of stuff so make sure to enter
make sure to use the hashtag Vivien's
calling me now hello I am good you know
it sound very happy right call back and
then when I answer I want you to be more
chirpy
how are you today oh that's better is
muddy
all right let's stomp up the muds you
won't get mud on you trust me cuz it's
froz it's froz calls froz calls not all
the rugby match is kicking off our dough
let's go come on let's go quickly
this is our get warm pan I'm gonna run
how you warm I certainly a.m. whoo
okay so we have slightly failed in
making a video today because we're so
busy getting everything ready for xjx
sjx vez well myself and I are gonna do I
know I can everything wrong we've
established that over the years
chronologically anyway we just tweeted
out that we're gonna do QA but we're
going to do an exciting Q&A right we're
honest gonna ask me questions already
ruin dicks I'm already annoyed at you
what was your favorite Christmas
tradition you had when you were a child
probably boring always having a shower
come on you can do better than that
shower shower and like laying a new
Christmas clothes and getting into bed
it was always like a fresh duvet and it
was like fresh bed and and then washed
well in Sierra you have said much meat
like this ever since we first met that
was like something that you okay what
were your first impressions of each
other when you met in my mind I liked it
the minute I saw her I was just
like I can see our life together it's
kind of hard to say cuz you know people
always say like all you use you'll know
when you meet the right person like some
reason maybe you came over to me and I
was thinking like oh my doughnuts no
matter what happens no matter what
anything no matter what I need to make
contact with you and I need to but so
weird
my first impression see I was with
somebody else at the time but my first
impression was that you were short just
that's like number one that stood out to
me you're you were small you were part
of like a different group so I didn't
really don't know we're talking my first
impression so this is when you knew that
though you were not with anybody
I was so how terrible would it be if I
was like but then like obviously when I
got to know you it was different
you were like everything that I wasn't
allowed to have kind of like you were
like different anything that I was ever
like that was expected of me or that was
allowed like that was really exciting
and like attractive to me because it was
like not dangerous but just different
we're like a lot older and had a
motorbike and tattoos and like it was
just completely and before then I felt
like this I there was so much
expectation of like what I was supposed
to be like and what I was supposed to
act like and I never felt like I really
did things for myself
I always did them for other people are
like to please other people and then
when I met you it was like the first
time that I ever actually like did
something for me like because I wanted
to like I wanted to be with you so I did
it
okay great now here we go Liz
alright last winner tonight do it
alright ready ready ready Freddie what's
your proudest moment of each eye oh I
like I don't like you more well know
what when you became a parent I think
you became a better person and I'm very
proud of you for the chosen that you
phrased you changed your life completely
and you gave up everything for them and
I see that you're the sacrifices you
make every day for them and I'm really
proud of you for that there's been loads
like I can't really pinpoint one but
it's always like little moments like
obviously I agreed like I'm really proud
of the dad that you are like a lot of
the in fact most if not all of the ideas
that you come up with are just so like
genius I don't know how to explain it
like just well thought out like you're
intelligent you know like you know
you're in like driven intelligent
hard-working you just don't let anything
hold you back
basically the hustle that goes on
everyday and you just never stop like
even if you're feeling ill or even if
you're tired or just anything you'll
always just pull the stops to pull out
all the stops to go that extra mile or
two you know upload another upload a
video every day or you just you don't
stop you like you don't switch off thank
you cuz that was like so nice doesn't
really nice to me he said there but that
was really nice thank you know those
things about me but I have always I have
always been was just last night when I
was like whoo
with some crazy and like it is and
everybody else sees it and they're like
wow but I just don't I see it but it's
always I'm just like used to it but then
I'll actually stop and think of it I'm
like that's actually really clever you
always try and come up with creative new
ideas yeah and like you know you get so
much crap first off sometime doing but
actually in the grand scheme of things
everybody I'm pretty sure everybody
knows that like you're a really good
businessman you know and like you really
know what you're you know your stuff
thank you
we're gonna go friends don't forget
shooting tomorrow for SJ Xmas day - and
where you see you no idea every day it's
good you mental it's gonna be crazy so
it actually is it is it's pretty good
right everything we have for the month
it's pretty cool it's very good you know
idea good night friends I'll see you
guys tomorrow also we're getting a
Christmas tree tomorrow
