I know what do you mean yeah she's gonna
put on her pretty well on her pretty
boat
everyone was so tired and media except
in our bed last night
this jet bike you know it's like last
night around midnight my brain was
telling me at midnight her body is time
made afternoon him or not no I was under
like the time
oh you need a dressing out what is
upstairs okay up to Amelia's room let's
get it all right this morning we were
breaking out the new cups and we figured
that this one looks more like mine one
because it looks more like a minor one
this tiaras what I like her Florida I
have Orlando and look at the plan check
that out
so it was dead today
pajamas cream cream on pajamas cream on
pajamas we men are wiping pajamas cream
better wipe up a job we made our job
what is going on here are you trying to
put a top on you got it hon hey you want
help for why are you putting this on
silly you have a jump run already this
is a new one do you want to put a new
one is it right out what are you doing
why is that conveniently open ok ok ok
hold on please take it off first ok no
we need to take it off first careful of
Eduardo's you got a ninja turtle one
everybody's chat alive confusion is real
completions Confucius confusion
Donatello Raphael Michelangelo Leonardo
huh
when I know the names of the Ninja
Turtles 100% Irish when it was a ninja
are you a ninja no I mean yeah you're a
ninja
and who's this is he shredder no send a
ninja ninja the truck yeah Who am I
I'm Raphael oh wow which one are you
pick one I bet Donatello you're gonna
pick which one oh that's mommy so daddy
mommy which one's is white on the media
Emilia is that Italo ah the color like
that's you do you go to Bianca box the
newest a range of merchandise coming
soon from the Saucony jollies you may
see just open the box as a bank inside
every more yeah it's a subscription box
everyone to get a new dog for six months
yeah dougie Doug in the box this money
Bianca
no you're still eating you sit down you
do damn you're still eating I'm thinking
about what go eat your pasta what
so cute yeah oh that's how he says it he
goes oh yeah big boy can't get up there
though let's change your nappy time for
bed Oh triangle that let me explain to
my level of fear here all right my three
pairs of job jeans I'm gonna put them in
the wash
okay but here's the thing about these
job jeans right firstly that's like what
is that like two five six seven seven
hundred and fifty pounds of jeans that's
like it's not like a thousand euros oh
my god was that twelve hundred dollars
of jeans ah these are like my most
expensive piece of clothing I own and
now I have to wash them all at the same
time because look at all the things the
warning things on it like it says do
nothing to it for that
all right so I it's like any one of us
don't iron them don't tumble dry them
but is it like don't wash them go ahead
and washed him it's all the same things
look he's got a temperature does that
say dirty okay 30 degree hand wash well
what am I put it in like a 30 degree
super delicate special 30 yeah 30 degree
delicate wash that should do it right
I'm terrified Lutz I'm like well I do
one at a time just in case I don't want
to wear anything else ever again and I
said she would do it but I was like you
know what I should do it because if I
put it in and it gets wrecked at least I
have no one else to blame where is the
man who does it and it gets wrecked
I would somehow feel like it's her fault
I will feel like she has betrayed me but
at least this way I want to betraying
myself
Oh
I know you might be walking like next
month me too
hi so they're so strong no 13 months
mama laughs my ingredients
Jonathan requested pasta spicy has that
puffy but I see I see
anyway I'm making pregnant jewels pasta
let's try not to do that and I'm not you
make choices but in case you're
wondering oh don't forget to scream sick
a day take it did be so cute
driftin Oh
driftwood Bay all the parents had a joke
good afternoon and welcome today oh you
guys are so cute together
Internet is it written what sail the
boat careful look a baby
but amazing
imagine your baby is that small babies
aren't any smaller like okay remember
and you remember are you looking for
pirates keep the sketch keep a lookout
for pirates
let me see
I spy a pirate I spy a pirate ha ha
justplease Livia there were three in the
boat and Allah yeah yeah Nevaeh
Nevaeh Nevaeh look at me pretty cute
speech ever
Oh Nevaeh I just need to look for a
second yeah no okay then this is going
to happen no thought out oh my goodness
everybody dogs and kids who actually
have loads in it and then they're using
it
that sharks are coming to sharks and
pirates oh no you see a Pirates the
Pirates are heads let's get closer to
the Pirates welcomed with one of those
Tommy it has been a long time since
you've come inside it why those come me
I hope you enjoyed this video maybe
we'll give it it all like leave me a
comment maybe will subscribe but if you
are new you're probably wondering what
have you stumbled upon this is the end
slate made by you
for you it's a community effort we love
you good thanks see you tomorrow
