as you can tell
they judge what you've just heard
attacking you
enjoy a conscience
are you excited to go home
yeah yeah you excited to see the doggy
friends
riders coming Julia
ain't Nabisco Barbarella sit there
you want to see the inside the aeroplane
we're already inside that airplane let's
go
mommy's here did you enjoy your time in
America
pull that did you have a fun time in
America he didn't did you like meeting
all your friends
yeah we made so many friends this
weekend and it wardo did too first call
I think it's in our bags we have to
collect them later
or she's outside yeah that's Darcy
and we're home no hotter is polis
that didn't happen that often you know
what I know
which is quite nice are you happy to be
home I'm happy to go to bed no sleep on
the flight
no we'll go over here we meet again all
right get these bags loaded get these
children loaded what the blankie we keep
the blankie
no you throw it away no let's get these
bags in we're home
we just straight in with her doctor's
kit because that's what we all need as a
matter of fact hi wardo it's funny when
you are two gets home because he's
learned so much while we're away like
he's advance of what you can actually
have crews that between two items I see
straight and he was like testing things
he's like oh yeah he's come back a new
man all we need our tataki friends and
the family dog
and it stunk people who must stay awake
but it is very hard to stay awake
I love thinking that's now for like
eight to ten hours and then wake up at
like nine or ten o'clock tonight or like
fully ready to go
we have all adjoins the pajamas Gemma
party Friday night oh I think we even
left before we showed this but look this
is February Oh step away that was the
first shot we did that day Ginga Pusan
thank you bed maybe where everyone's
taking a nap now okay all right you're
bringing get back here
get up here bed a pop up to Elsa you are
a little monkey
say I am a monkey a monkey a monkey man
what are you doing
Sofia yeah Sofia
all right you want as well yeah you can
have that as well
okay you want Sofia the first as well
and the combs okay that's it that's it
okay here we go
a comb please
my cat comes you are you are a
nincompoop you are a nincompoop daddy
pig is in the kitchen making soup can we
tell what money on the computer please
well yes as long as you don't disturb
anything
Georgi nice is when you laugh and watch
you work
I lost my voice
with the puppies at home LP is a yeah
yeah I guess leaving Newsies this year
he was totally eating his treat
somewhere you happy that the dog your
friends are hurt there's the kill
are you happy and while you know you
have some crawling friends oh he wants
his drink
okay they're all so happy to be home and
they were all so well-behaved oranjee
little man thank you little man because
she were yes you were little cheeto cuz
you were cheeto yeah yeah let's have
some cuddle time kind of time dad dad
dad - alright we're on a mission Cena
she seemed is missing
huh it's very cold right now it's kind
of weird to think that I just develop
just wet in life the minute I'm looking
at the light and not like I got confused
as to which ones which
yeah it's weird that it's like the vlog
just went live which means it's just
gone one o'clock
like it's more like ocular I know right
now that's weird
yeah my body is totally thinking it's 1
o'clock right now alright anyway you
were last time he went missing
we're all like freaked out well today
I'm hoping that I shake my the way
listen touch the people he's hoping that
because we know what she's up to
she might be in our little corner again
don't know why she does this sometimes
she gets like uh yeah he's here
I feel like I'm like it's inquest here
huh what are you doing here you get lost
can you even see over your eyes that you
got lost going to bring you home you go
home come on follow me
I got this I got this I don't got this
no got this okay I got this we found her
oh she's in the usual spot
just her rolling around Amelia I found
Xena
what's that splishy-splashy sound what's
this busy buzzy sound is it a Alfie
elephant no hey is everyone coming for
the story is it is everyone here for the
story reading the Alfea book watch out
everyone Alfie is bouncing and crouching
like a line yeah
bouncing and prancing like a lion all
right I'm trying tio I'm trying to turn
the page tio tio all right do let me let
me turn the page all right
what's that splishy-splashy sound hey
wait we've seen that page or ELP all
right tio I appreciate your enthusiasm
to take part in storytime Thank You shun
step on the books eek
Alfie it's a rain storm you look pretty
you see a pretty little girl are you a
baby boy
hello welcome to Ella's kitchen where
all meals are prepared and they're
healthy and clean environment use me I'm
making spinach and mascarpone a like a
creamy spinach pasta what she's meant to
be with Italian tell me but I don't have
it well it's tiny today or spaghetti I
got it from the gym down with the
website in case you're wondering I
thought this would be a good one I
basically just was trying to use stuff
that we had but we had this mascarpone
leftover from that video that I did well
that looks blend ishes cuz I'll explain
dishes can you explain dishes yeah daddy
gets one mommy and daddy got one too
hey he's not the bowl I wanted to
brighten pink you guys remember that a
wonderful but I would like 500 million
tickets it's night time all back in the
routine lads
hey oh we have an escape er we have an
escape er we have an escape er where is
he often where's he going where is he
going
is he coming to Amelia Jo who is the
writer cover
Eduardo and Amelia's Row is it mean es
room so pretty
Mina where's your pants are you doing
the no-pants dance all right we should
bid you farewell save my friends say see
you tomorrow leave a nice comment don't
forget to like the video see you
tomorrow
no public image press the button see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching my
help when he was the media press the
button but she was super serious about
it she just stopped him was like press
the button lads so you better press the
button not 100% sure which button she is
referring to may be the like button
maybe something else I don't know
probably the like button she's so funny
she's getting so much older every time
we go away somewhere or whenever like
you ever noticed that if you guys watch
him for a long time
whenever we travel somewhere and we stay
like in a hotel or something like that
it almost like forces the kid I'd only
go for I don't know if something about
it makes them like I don't know mature a
little bit more become like mmm it's
because it's change you know and they
adapt to change and it makes it better
to adopt into newer situations therefore
when they come home they're much better
able to cope with the change or
something so like she like she just
seems a lot more older and she has a lot
more words now and she's a lot more
capable of questioning things and you
know it's kind of funny and then same as
Eduardo he seems like when we laughed he
wouldn't have been able to get from his
back into a medians bedroom because he's
still not funny and little shuffle room
yeah I was like foot underneath but
Natalie got home he doesn't do that
anymore he's lying had to like crawl
like proper crawl now we can like crawl
that's why he was laughing so much when
he was coming into the
because he's like what the hell I'm able
to actually get it like oh my goodness
look I'm in Amelia's room he's so
excited about that fact anyway hope you
enjoyed today's video I'll see you guys
tomorrow the jet lag is real the
struggle is too hard well we shall motor
on give us no comment I like and I'll
see you tomorrow
and subscribe if you're new jeepers lads
