good morning Waddell my little friend
cuarto minutes in the morning exercises
yeah good morning Ryan he's new to our
dough he's nuts
so this morning we are going to do a
character breakfast thing then we're
going to do a wildlife adventure
exciting then I think we're gonna have
some lunch some friends hmm did you see
that
I started this morning as I walk fast
wait did you put them here look remedial
for them is here this morning so cute
look Olaf and Ola do lots guys look it's
rafiki's house no annoying
I don't know idea trickiest but at his
hands oh my god it's kind like you can
see the lines in the trees
so cool-looking can guys see all the
animals and stuff in it
it's insane so big as well so big tree
huh you can't forget a little tree yeah
thank you
you're right like and a little tree
that's Amelia and that's Eduardo oh my
goodness dad's were going to Africa
Amelia
it's such a happy day I'm singing a song
in such a happy way come on sing along
it's undeniable how a smile can change
of you to put a great big smile
do do that
guys we're going on a safari please do
not be oh don't make excess in life is
gonna be so excited you know and
apparently it's raining but apparently
may strike in the rain the animals got
more excited and so so you should be
feeling we go oh my god so excited
that's all excited to see this are you
excited to see this
you excited media
lions and tigers and bears you excited
wardo pop
Oh
no-no-no
I was so cool why I really enjoyed it
media was that fun but we're now in
India cool this is so fun we're heading
up to the Himalayas to go and see all
the Tigers and stuff this is so cool
that was great oh then I forget a minute
ago
you just need a tiger look did you see
the tiger white oh you do oh we got a
pet tiger
kyouda tiger is so cute
I ladies up with prayer flags so cool
it's so good I really feel like actually
ain't in there so cute oh hello hi brand
squirrel friend you look at you look at
me yeah oh my goodness like this is
insane
all right we're gonna watch mommy go
ahead
Oh daddy not dude doesn't really want to
do it is Eduardo want to do it
thank you absolutely not good look at
this ready just show you
yeah no thank you no thank you is what
you say politely
mommy mommy is doing it mommy's nuts
you'll see their elephant
you want to touch it
go in why what the hell oh my God look
at him
oh he's scary so cool you see you look
at me now look you got Nemo Nemo hocus
Dora story hi are you here this is the
new
nobody else's concern trying to send
my movie
wide open
okay but it's his birthday a few days so
Luke just went over and pulled the our
waitress
it's conference lubricated yeah so
they're going to bring out his like
casing into the top like Bing and
everything but he just give no idea he's
done with
hold on
we're gonna sneak
we met Kathleen and Angelina this is you
on the video happy you guys come to
rainforest cafe the best servers or
seekers hostesses hostesses tour guides
I crashed ready we're at the App cart
we're at the Epcot
we're at the Epcot what are we going we
having dinner with someone who right I
tried to tell her sure now you guys
probably already know cuz I we might be
just about to break the Internet
too much
hey what'd you say would you say do you
love him give him a hug give him a hug
this guy is it a girl sure it's a guy
he's really trying enough he's not
keeping over there
Amelia always have these people like
it's like oh hi all right maybe that's
his shine movie yeah yeah yeah nobody
knows nobody knows
Shea's giving us some tips and how to
carry children if you have a few kids
more than one there's a couple different
ways you can carry mom isn't like this
there's the palm the baby palm oh yeah
I've seen that one with Eva yes maybe I
used to like stand on my hands
another kid in a while oh yeah
an accordion now I'm gonna play my baby
yeah
like Tigger you want to try any media
cool shoes go steal on whoa this how
babies read that acute trouble
so we've found a metal grapes that is
warm and we are laying on it secure the
warmth load immediate immediate this is
how you Americans keep warm I'd say
we're poor here we don't have to be
dirty have to find warm metal and sit on
it it's competitive as well again just
open it
Jackson you took Amelia's blatem lazy
you guys or what yep on your finger
know what
okay Herbert you guys turned in type
rotation so cool what what where are we
where's there oh yeah look at this you
know Russia Sheen Disney at night yeah
this is Disney at night it's really
cool-looking I know so much fun dishes
are up there trying to catch up my
goodness is a beach look at this
Oh factual sand
I didn't think with actual event on all
right we're saying goodbye to the
Shaytards goodbye until tomorrow
guess you guys can't leave yet we don't
we're looking for a Hidden Mickey on the
globe yeah Gavin bought one of these
Hidden Mickey oh I heard about this they
have Hidden Mickeys everywhere what on
earth fine what'd you win did we find it
Amelia get in there come on Ciccone
Jolie's versus chez charts go oh who can
find Mickey first desert has I found it
guys he's batty I found on a show named
Jessica family okay so I was asking
around what is the nicest and most
gourmet food in America and someone told
me to come to the International House of
Pancakes I hop bread and I help
we came in yellow Cassie as well that's
so cool all right let's go to an IHOP I
hope I hope what you gonna do what you
gonna do when I feel their pancakes
right we are getting some pancakes and I
have oh my God look at this
old-fashioned water peeking oh they're
like syrups what oh my game is get this
thing on the drinks on the back of your
front why is this okay well we go are we
going pancake yeah I think we should go
pancakes I know you can get like other
things but I feel like you should go
pancake in the IHOP
I would like the most American thing
there is what is the best thing first
time in IHOP we'll see what you get
first time and I have big decisions I
really can't tell you I've been here for
like three weeks
I'll get Ryan air service yeah the most
American thing most american thing milk
something with so much bacon on it
you're gonna die because you get
diabetes they come they come here for
pancakes mostly okay I'm like the most
authentic IHOP experience that's we're
looking for okay so in we're on camera
around hammer okay um just your moment
is it okay okay so the most American
thing is all meats like me so I would
recommend getting okay do we have a
special menu
what is the special menu no it's a
little reading
and I go over there get it okay
oh thank you this special menu has been
brought out three Chris three strips of
crispy bacon three pork sausage links to
eggs and old hash browns with the side
of Pancakes only only life and you can
get the pancakes in charcoal it chips
are you going oven ready for that kind
of a commitment it's a big commitment
baby we're good and wired Oh God one
minute I like it every bad Fred he's my
friend
did you make sure that there is he
didn't ask for it hey did you get this
in our master because somebody bad for
ya oh you know I decided to chocolate
chip but this is this is what I got this
1,000 give that to it right okay
Jonathan we just met a friend who drove
how long eight hours eight hours that
was how long our flight from London was
yeah
you basically flew from London you come
here with my baby oh my goodness she
couldn't get tickets for playlist
tomorrow yeah hey no friend hey what's
going on boy spoon I just heard you guys
are here I was actually driving back so
we'll have to help holes with pancakes
that's so cool
hanging out with Jay in the Shaytards
and then I go to an IHOP and have an
IHOP American experience and then um
we're getting a taxi here so I wanted to
pay the taxi in cash my voice is like
gone and playlist is in like two days
and my voice is already gone yesterday I
was walking down the street to go to an
ATM and it was the first time I was like
um I guess this is the first time like I
wasn't inside Disney I was like outside
like walking the streets you know and I
was like oh yes this is crazy I'm like
walking the street like a local
sounds good I was a really cool day
today was the wildlife safari thing was
amazing
anyway I gotta go stick this thing up
and
I said we should probably stick an old
end slate there and I hope you guys
enjoy today's video up was a thoroughly
entertaining experience give us know
like if you if you feel if you're
feeling something hit that button and I
leave us a nice comment and I see some
of you guys a playlist I'll see some of
you guys in Orlando at Disney and I will
see some of you guys someday and I'll
see some of you guys tomorrow bye
