Emilia I think it snowed again last
night yeah I think it's no to him last
night
good morning white oh good morning
Emilia give morning friends Oh take a
seat here enjoy the show ah this is my
breakfast show my early morning show
okay before monkeys you're so pretty
Turner go downstairs get some breakfast
watching cartoons
Edward how look it's snowing again
cool huh
oh no it's tick this time I love you for
longer I don't know weird hail thing is
over but this is like that's proper snow
you mean it did you see did you see the
snow look yeah
it's snowing again it's snowing again
and they're cool hey so mean anything
ah love you hey you might be able to go
out and play in the snow again as always
coming to Zoe always come in the snow
look at this isn't mr. Matt climbing up
getting up you kept it that way
what's in there wait Marty we found
Monty we're looking for Monty last night
what your guys is Monty coming to
Florida with us is Monty coming on the
airplane yeah
pit monkey booked a seat yeah hi Monty
monkey probably likes the snow yeah you
know tomorrow we're gonna be like 30
degree heat
Oh apparently the place that we're
staying is like dream of living pool
epic you gonna go swimming yeah we're
gonna go swimming okay and caking I
don't know what caking is but it sounds
cool
hello sv establish communication white
waters I thought yeah who is it hello
you want the chocolate lava bites
actually Coco you want them you ready to
monkey oh he looks so cute when he's
eating a banana he is I don't know why
the girl with me growing
oh yeah Kosar it happened on the frame
he's a climber look at this little
munchkin look at this little munchkin
huh
where are you off to where are you off
to
no way you're not getting another one No
hey he's buying I gotta know I mean
everybody's hearts just jumped in the
audience huh
we're gonna lose a little monster gonna
be my friend my friend what watch
Richie dude you're so strong who is a
strong little baby call Eduardo you want
to go Thursday's we're getting plus
there we go
you're so cute Emilia Emilia
Eduardo's climbing up the stairs loving
you is easy you're amazing feel like I
could laugh for her
loving you is cushy you're so handsome
please take a bite of my no we don't
want it ordered upon the stairs I don't
like that son
what about baby Amelia falls down their
window playing that cake you want to
fall and is's know where does the king
of the castle
Eduardo's the king of the castle look
how far up you are oh my goodness
Edouard is the king of the castle he's
the king of the castle
no why don't fall don't sing that song I
don't like that song I don't like that
oh why not bought alright alright bags
are packed
well this is Amelia bag I think season
she's gonna look so funny in honor
Mickey Mouse over a little backpack it
up look at this little child here
escaping what yum yum hey weirdo we have
to reclose debate the gate thing we used
to when the dogs go away we would have
to close and I have to repose that where
are you going oh my goodness I'm
surrounded by monkeys and shredded by
monkeys
wait is innkeeper we're all sharing a
packet of raisins you like them they
good Roman white Oh
I put them in a bowl my grandmother is
always bring these back when she dad go
to America coz half my all my dad's
family pretty much live in America my
mom's family live in Ireland so they'd
always come over and it always bring
these but then last like I don't know 10
or 15 years they've become available in
Ireland Emily Cutler time why you like
it
we're having fun we're having coils and
I mean I come over like about me what
about me you have to get in line and
Eduardo's on the floor and we're looking
window join him in mine cookies Lundy
here did you Eduardo at what are you
going for are you give mommy kiss nobody
like no then open full opens a mad
dictator tongue goes way and we're just
gonna Disney welcome on what's daddy's
name
to what spit everywhere to jovi joking
oh what's daddy's name what did writers
name whoa what did why does middle name
oh yeah
and what's the media's middle name me
yeah what's daddy's name Trenton what's
daddy's name okay nickname that his
nickname is dopey jokes know for sure
what macking is an official thing that
is happening right now
what's going on what are you doing
anything help these stairs all right
keep me man what oh I see your mommy's
doing excuse me
look around our little kids you so
pointed what you did I how because makes
it easier
reggienet was actually all your kids dad
needs a pack you mean if you have daddy
pack will you pick my clothes for me
he's right come help
he's a wire coming - what okay come on
everybody go to bathroom
mom wardo come on white oh you go down
I'll have to carry him because he's a
baby you know yourself is why don't
wanna go down I'll carry him a little
bit I'm basically bringing tons of pairs
of these you guys ever seen these right
you need to look them up job jeans
they're amazing right one pair these
ones it's a little cutting them the gray
ones and these ones here they're kind of
like skinny jeans a set they're amazing
they're 90% coffee oh my goodness it
yeah I like your jeans they're amazing
just go away these whole thing yeah
they're jeans are white they're so
comfortable like oh my god the only
downside lads when you look them up you
be like dear Lord they're the same price
is a car that's the only downside to
them but they're amazed
he put them on your right 90% cotton
like 8% elastic and then one by 2% then
I'm looking oh my god it's like walking
around wearing a velour tracksuit all
day long but everybody thinks you're
wearing jeans so if you're coming to
playlist you're at our meetup I'll
probably wear my jock jeans you know may
not be like just just imagine I'm like
to me I'm like sitting at home on a
comfy sofa watching my favorite movie
but a matter of fact I'm not I'm sat in
an arrow okay it's not quite like okay
well my strategy is a bit different to
Hannah but I think we're okay socks
socks shirts jeans shorts jumpers vests
and swim clothes what else could you
possibly need while you're there
Oh laptop camera some Cadbury's
chocolate because I'll be longing for
that and oh I see we're all very busy in
here hi guys what are we all up to oh
really oh okay well there's only one
real way to deal with this just check
off the life clothes no attendant never
happened sir did you pack this bike
yourself do you have any liquids or
items inside oh you have a small child
hello a small child huh little American
customs are like did I check for small
children in bags
okay duardo is climbing you are such a
climber huh oh yeah okay let's put that
he's closing before it all gets wrecked
cuz we're gonna Disney World
how freaky is this
you
it's media saves eduardo sober oh my
goodness there's someone up in a dry
guys room
no yeah well with that your heart
oops right we must go because we've
packing to do
I'm with kids to put to bed and I got
your rose
no no oh won't go back in we're gonna
holidays tomorrow oh my goodness how
excited and I just for anyone it's gonna
play let's just air so far like we're
waiting for day times and numbers and
real numbers and all itself to add up so
we don't know that yet but we will be a
playlist for Muslim Spain Friday the
Saturday in the sunday which is kind of
the main day to be there
we're not really doing we're not
participating like in the main meetup
thing we have like a room I'm not sure
if it's in actual listing or not but
well that once you find out the date and
the time which is that Saturday or
Sunday when it's on or we'll beat up
forty days it's like it's kind of like
what we did in Dublin you know it's like
a QA and then we're just kind of hang
out what everybody you meet everyone I
think it's called a hangout rather than
and beat up you know it was like hanging
a close-up we'll also when we're in
Orlando next week this week tomorrow for
the week we all will do a meet-up an
unofficial meetup in Orlando so keep an
eye on your twits for that that was just
like a random like oh hey you guys we're
gonna meet up at this time and I'll try
and give you more nervous now I'll try
to give you days notice it's quite a
best idea maybe a day's notice
oh wait cuz I see the vlogs and then I
don't know I somehow give you notice
that we'll do an unofficial meet up
somewhere in Orlando I'm gonna run an
official Meetup hang out in playlist
okay
okay why don't you get a lot get all
that yeah all right we're off
say goodbye friends my friend my friends
even Orlando say bye friends Jesse you
know I know
see you Disney World you just magic
tomorrow night evening whatever we'll
actually we might be just sitting there
watching like a fireworks display and
some sort of a carnival thing going on
in Disney World in Orlando in Florida in
the United States of America it is kind
of crazy because like we live here
tomorrow 1 o'clock and we get there at
like 9 o'clock our time and then but
it's not it's like 4 or 5 o'clock there
so it's like I think we get an extra 6
hours so tomorrow's day is actually
going to be like 30 hours long or
something it's weird yeah hope you
enjoyed today's video give it know like
give us a no comment subscribe if you're
new Hey it's going to be fun if you
subscribe you get to come to Orlando for
a week that's pretty cool hmm yeah see
you guys tomorrow for an exciting
adventure goodbye
