whereas in a car that part - okay put
your hands up
there we go
that's not what that's for
it's now at that for you look so cute in
there this snow is gone
oh my snowman we built a snowman there
it wasn't a very good snowman it's all
cold but you always have one thing
pulled up hey
if such a happy day I'm singing a song
is such a happy way come on sing alone
it's undeniable ha ha
what smile can change of you
a great big smile on holidays we won I
asked them to tame your mind could you
bring our doggies to Disney World where
I don't know maybe not
how cute are these like seriously look
at this one this is my favorite this is
an attachment favorite well this here
because of the bow like how cute is that
and then this I think it's gonna be a
playlist outfit she's getting bored but
we're like wow look this is what she's
arriving to Disney and tada
she's gonna be so like Disney two out
and then she's got a Hello Kitty one for
the way back this is my favorite one
these are all just like four cooked like
to wear in the evenings because I was
grilling Zoey yesterday cuz I've never
been to Florida like ever in my life
not even as a baby I don't think cuz
I've been to California as a baby but I
don't remember it obviously but she was
saying that in the evenings it does get
quite cold so I've brought like backups
and like you know hoodies and like
cardigans and jumpers and stuff so
that's all there and then I have one
backup outfit over there just in case
everything goes wrong but that's all of
her stuff now I have to do socks and I
have to figure out what she was she's
gonna wear I need more I know
wakey-wakey
yours so do you I like you know jumper
jumper
that's bit big on you gonna get up yeah
I'm gonna get up high
have fun Anna's going off in her car get
a mini and then I bet you this more they
went hell it was like all those BMW
minis were all sliding in the snow we're
always our last night she say can admit
I was like a mini get a meeting tell me
it'll make life easier for you you have
no idea Tyler do you know mini let's
have fun and it's getting a haircut no
you're getting your hair dyed yeah you
want to look like mini mess up I'm
heading out to the hairdresser's now I'm
really nervous because hey I don't know
how to park and be this is my first time
getting my hair done in the UK so I'm
scared I'm scared they're gonna mess it
up but I'm scared I'm not gonna leave us
find parking but um
fingers crossed I can do this
no one in my car
can't go in tiny shoulders mom you got
the hairdresser's who are just having
some milk I'm having a Tia Maria you had
dinner never rose there used to be a
quickie tablet alone Oh see you're a
tough cookie don't man that sound
because you're 82 years old miss burrows
you gonna have a snoozy jacuzzi no no no
daddy's having this new jacuzzi whoa oh
my god I just reversed into spots first
time ever
oh my god I'm so excited look at me look
reversed into a spot seriously check me
out oh and I was about to give up I was
like so close to giving off I'd driven
around so many times unlike this car
park just freaks me out it gives me such
bad anxiety
Edie like honesty okay let's go are you
my mummy I look old
there oh I'm awesome as my food the
whole baby boys literally five minutes
to my appointment and I don't even know
where I'm going I've no idea I've never
been like well I have
never been to the stairs love before so
clear I'm going
oh my god it was the probably the
funniest video I ever recorded like
everyone was just crying laughing it was
so funny oh my goodness
enjoy that and you have bag of bones
on Monday oh it's literally so hard as
I'm watching I can just take it almost
retai stit and good anyway the stroller
just right strophe let me show ya Hey
I wore it oh hey I know you just going
for a haul
I wonder ask wander wonder I'm done I
don't know if you guys can even tell I
said I'm gonna go home with Jonathan's
gonna be like it looks exactly the same
but um I'm really happy with that it's
exactly what I wanted I didn't want
anything different I just wanted like a
freshen to freshen up my color I didn't
get a clock and I'm so I want it to say
this like oh so happy so I got some
chalk hills and some milk I'm like
starving is like 4 o'clock oh my god and
I haven't had lunch at do you see mommy
would you miss mommy
deal ah there's mommy down there hey
mommy I'm in mommy we go down to hurry
come on let's go
that's the kitchen underneath that there
we can see mommy commander mommy got a
new haircut mommy got a new haircut whoa
let's see mommy's haircut I see mommy's
haircut
you ready
oh wow it's lovely no yeah I know it's
much brighter it's like you washed it or
something no it's like really bright you
like my hair yeah hi Georgie what she's
at the your vanity looking down through
the glass roof are you coming in the
door yeah just like I see mommy so keep
this wheeler we're not going there hey
you two right so like the foolish people
we are yeah well you already know the
story I feel like what are we gonna do
yesterday I was like what are we gonna
do at this double story it's like a
boy and a girl one is for you have a boy
and a girl this is epic it's so
cool-looking you see if I can open up
excited wires excited about all right
let me let me unbox this bad boy for you
and I'll show you what I mean by avoid a
girl thing
so how cool is that look it's like a bro
and sis the sister and her brother won
the cool is that huh
you wanna duardo for Disney World you
want to try it out
and it's practicing connect isn't a
really good guy yeah let's see the car
what if people have for imagine have
like another one in front o M G look
what just happened and why no just stood
up himself like I know he's not
technically standing right now but he
just pulled himself up to standing
position by himself like a big boy oh
yeah we know you can stand up cuz you're
a big girl wants to keep the Mickey
Mouse oh is that my seatbelt big brother
you see your big brother you're like
twins seriously if he were a little bit
older I think they could be twins I mean
if he were not bit older if he were a
little bit older than he is right now
and if her hair keeps growing at the
same like similar alright they could
look like twins like in a couple of
months he just needs to get a bit taller
and you need to stop growing okay yeah
you can jump now you look really like
gimme she looks like she's losing on
purpose
like your haircut she looks like she's
not a baby she looks like she's a little
girls yeah yeah I don't know why but for
some reason she put on that outfit yeah
yeah you like it I just thought she
looks really skinny like in a grown kind
of a way you know what I mean
oh and then suddenly all of a sudden
just was like okay oh my goodness
laughing the whole time
hi wardo hi guardo
he's nobody wanted them so that's so
funny did you start getting crying it
the snowing are you only at it now oh my
shoot went there you know she's home
yeah it's why No
oh yeah if I don't stand because I was
saying every time cuz every time we went
on holidays is when immediate learn to
crawl or like every time I do any meat
if she like advanced so much and I was
saying we go to Florida
Eduardo is gonna be imagine it's like oh
my goodness yeah oh my goodness lads
right go ahead let's get out of here
we've got some wine I was trying to run
upstairs wired oh look where are you off
to oh my goodness oh my god isn't that
crazy
that actually happened like last night I
gots a snapchat by the way follow me on
snapchat
Sakuni Jolie's um but seriously it was
not mental like we were just like
messing about and then I'll just film
Eduardo in a snapchat and he just like I
heart you she's gonna stand there and
actually no he says that climbing up the
stairs I'm like oh my goodness
what is even happening and I have this
on tape as well it sounds like I gotta
just stick that into vlog so no Tony you
guys aren't on the snapchats they're
like oh my god I gotta show you guys
this is mental anyway hope you enjoy
today's video hope you enjoy the rest of
your
weekend it's snowing mentally this
morning but I think it's gonna stop and
yeah we're going dude this new world
tomorrow okay what get to like the video
