good morning Eduardo yes good morning
mommy no do you have an alpha bytes are
you a doctor or friends
he's making some breakfast which is not
actually being made Mary who plays
porridge indigo exactly this day next
week or do you mean have a breakfast
there we have a breakfast gonna cancel
you guys ever do this right you get
normal sugar and then you put in again I
think they're vanilla pods and something
else
mm-hmm Anna's family used to always do
it I don't mom me so seriously why then
now I said I was like Jeff do not like
she's been for ages but yeah it's so
much nicer community sugar oh you try
not to get the room monsters oh it's
good guys in the parts No
so amelia is going to pilate say and
last week her ballet teacher was like oh
i love all of her tutu is they're so
cute we all love them and then she was
like I wonder what color she's gonna
wear next week so now there's a lot of
pressure and I'm like oh okay I need to
give her like a tutu that she hasn't run
yet so she's worn blue and then last
week she wore this cranberry color she
has yet to wear dark blue I don't think
she's ever won this one this is a
different one Navy this is super small
but it's cute and then she's got let's
see this is her birthday one this this
is probably my favorite one pink it's my
favorite who are we kidding here is
today's look I have no idea why this is
so crumpled maybe it just didn't get
ironed which is strange because usually
all her clothes do I have no idea
anyways um that's it I kind of wish I
had navy tights but I don't
so what Navy bow which looks black and
this Navy dog on it underneath
let me see you two - okay okay but why
me I have fun
but I should say she's going off to
church in her little granny coat I'm
sorry I shouldn't laugh at you right
that it's just that she's doing her
double coat this purple one but I bought
her this pink one tonight I like it
she's not getting it off you said of it
so that's why you put her or not but
it's a tad formal okay have fun
there
my need to get dressed this is our
outfit for today you rock my world this
room body needs to be vacuumed overt so
I saw some comments from people saying
that Jonathan had not completed the bed
yet this thing right there and how like
there's so much furniture that he hasn't
built yet and that they can totally
understand like it was in my favor
the whatever comment I read they were
like oh you know I can totally
understand and frustration and like I'm
sure she's like so annoyed about it and
like I feel so sorry for her like
Jonathan never completes any tasks blah
blah blah yeah and I just want to say
that you and if you're trying to even
nice comment to me but it's nasty toward
Jonathan that I still take offense to
that like that still offends me because
he's my husband and I love him and I
will always stand up for him over
anybody else except for my children but
you know oh it's a know him
if I jokingly say something like oh
Jenny thing needs to fix face or
Jonathan needs to build this like it
doesn't mean that I hate him if he
doesn't do it or that I resent him if he
doesn't do it because I don't know like
when people say silly things like that
he never sticks to anything or that he
never does anything or like does
anything that he sets out to do I don't
know like I don't understand are you
guys forgetting that like the video that
you're watching right now is because of
him
like I don't edit any of the vlogs
Jonathan edits them every single morning
like he doesn't get a day off he works
so hard he's worked tirelessly for like
the last four or five years whatever it
is almost five years I just don't think
that people give him credit for that
like when people say oh he never sticks
to anything or he always starts to
prioritize he never finishes them like
don't ever forget that the dignity log
is the one like massive project that he
started in the beginning way back when
we had like nothing
there was nothing going on you know
nobody was making any money out of this
it's just like surely for fun and he's
stuck with it for almost five years and
I think that's like the most important
indication of yes he does follow-through
and he does stick with things that he
says he's gonna do and if he doesn't
build a bed like it's not the end of the
world like I'm not gonna hold it against
him because he's done so much for our
family he's done so he worked so hard to
keep all of us happy and safe and like
you know keep our family afloat
basically but he just doesn't get the
credit for it sometimes okay I just
wanted to say that just keep that in
mind if you are gonna you know bash him
in any way just remember that the video
that you're watching is purely because
of him like the only reason that videos
go up every day is because of Jonathan
and a lot of people have tried daily
vlogging on it it's I've realized how
hard it is and I think he pretends like
it's easier than his but it's actually
really really difficult and I couldn't
do it but he does it so he's an amazing
husband I love him and I don't give a
crap if he hasn't built a stupid bed
okie-dokie it looks so cute friends oh
my goodness it's so wet and rainy watch
the poop don't step in the poop we learn
another poop situation something's not
right here let me just put this over
here like this no where's your chair
for the media's chair huh that's Eduardo
cheerio what else chairs green and black
what color is the media's chair it's
great yeah the Mirai co-chair yeah
yeah it is we're just waiting for now oh
the gates closing where are we at the
dentist
they went to ballet this morning and now
the dentist look ice hmm because I said
we were huh what are you gonna say at
the dentist
we're home
I don't wait don't wait I don't wait to
say just wait hi doggie friends this
sticker ya gonna show mommy a sticker
did so well we got the mirror in her
mouth did a full inspection did you get
to play on the chair he did so well
Amina and what did she say he said
you're very good cuz you have all your
teeth no decay mm-hmm
this is a good job OMG
I read in the car I'm just ready to go
and I thought I brought the baby monitor
with me how we take your talkback so I'm
just gonna turn that off and go good I
don't want to go back and ask how funny
is that though Jamie Oliver sp so I've
been getting all the ingredients for
that and then I just found these for
Valentine's cupcake
right finished off my shopping now I
need to go and find a charity shop got
everything took way longer than I should
have to walk way too much stuff cupcakes
baking cupcakes oh yeah red velvet red
velvet for Valentine's Day
daddy's birthday don't forget it so
happy birthday daddy
yeah that's oh yeah I see you have to
wake me up that morning yeah me suffer
daddy hmm let's put this bib on before
you get red velvet all over we put this
on yeah we don't want red velvet on your
top Dewey
hi oh and I came to me this morning with
a list of meals and she said which one
do you want not I'm not pregnant I am
just stirring I am sparing you boys just
Lucky's dick its path a pig there's
George mommy pig daddy pig oh my god
Jamie Oliver should make the peppa pig
pasta sorry pups anyway so my makeup
video
dad just might make a video just right
life grows quick but didn't ten minutes
of it and Ryan and actually already a
right and actually already tweeted right
so he likes it because that's kind of
where I all we didn't think that we're
like it was like a thanks or anything
for him because it's really funny but a
big plan okay the thing is really funny
I'll leave a link down below right right
there you guys want to watch it however
if you guys wanna watch a tag videos
thrown up in that hour which is amazing
which actually my first ever appearance
on YouTube is then I went back and
looked it up concerning a question so
those the questions he was funny as I
think eyes and use that event your first
before the first video I ever appeared
on and it looked at me was so funny
because of like this tiny box because it
was on webcam boom right to Canada nine
and it was like and it was like so looks
like goes on a mobile home yeah but not
not like an iPhone and I like an old
phone yeah I hope we need cleaning room
for dinner
oh thanks she did a pretty good job he's
wearing a walk-in whose Aminah gonna
help these please hit the bin no you
need to kind of bring him out of the
situation here oh okay hold on you Burt
turn your own around Oh
turn weirdos around ready you ready okay
here we go move the foot do it do it do
it do it do it yeah with the foot wardo
come on come on you can do it come on no
be a cow oh all right that's time for
the bat I must go I must be on my way
Athena thanks for watching don't forget
to like the video leave us no comment
would you hit the like button yeah
that's it Amelia said see you guys
tomorrow
