but I don't dump bubble pop bottom
bottom bottom
ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum it's the
weekend
it's a Saturday me and Eduardo I've come
down to play your Lego our slippers
right out you dog the friends knuckles
and slippers and doggy doggy friends hey
hey why don't they get some breakfast
Melia is somewhere in this building she
was here momentarily there are some
doors talk about getting a slipper one
slipper arrived an adventure of finding
the second slipper
once you find immediate
here
oh I think she went up the stairs
what are you doing you're getting it
dressing on and then decided to read a
book oh you want me to read it
oh the Halloween Ball what we go
downstairs stood wider though you going
to read this book first and then we can
go down to Eduardo no what's the plan
sit in the chair read the book and then
go downstairs to tomorrow no at any
point are we gonna go downstairs to
Eduardo I like I like the way you're
wearing your bow blank it's nice I watch
I'm like a man I look like a man I don't
like your mind lads I just got a quite
tight for a minute okay oh my goodness
look if you man a crap like ah so I feel
like I need to go out though right
because myself and my brother ID we've
been having this bit of a competition
let me show you so we're doing this
challenge on endomondo right Gaveston
zero so he's not even in the running but
look I'm at 29 at my brother's at 27
it's called mountain goat we call it we
have until the end of the month to try
and complete but he is so close so 27 29
hearing 2 kilometers out I don't hit the
past year he passed me a do today and
then I had to grant visa so they're
trying to least 15 kilometres today and
got myself a good bit ahead of him but
then he's probably gonna hit today as
well but it's got a fun like that to
challenge each other and then like you
know learning like we're in different
countries and we never really got to go
ahead and American together anymore cuz
we never different countries and we
won't have children and we just never
have time cuz that's what happens when
you grow up because I grow apart but
then you need to find reasons to sort of
reconnect you know like when I was the
university in the UK the PlayStation
playing college
zombies like we just like that was it
like that was our connection we
reconnected true ecology he's helped me
to the PlayStation 4 and then you know
as we had canceled something that no one
ever has time to play the PlayStation
anymore so we had lost each other find
each other to mountain biking again and
if we like remember about a forum where
I got the men traveling the country on
man stuff and then I moved over here and
he's over there and you know it's like
it's more it's difficult all the time
because you don't have like family
commitments you're gonna work him and
once you're gone up like life
commitments we live in different
countries but probably trying to find
right just stay connected you know let's
get some skinny water the waters all
dirty yeah I love those pajamas I knew
no no no no cuz we're putting into our
go down for a nap
ok I know what you're trying to do but
you have to go in your room and wait for
mommy okay no come on go in your room
and wait for mommy okay cuz I'm gonna
feed it right oh all right come on in
your room in your room come on yep nice
big tank great white Oh
I'm back
alright stop 16.9 so to challenge his
mountain goat
booyah 46 to 27
I officially hate my life so newbies wet
the bed last night and we slept in it
annoyingly because she was allowed up
for like half a second yesterday and I
found this on the bed I found a stain
that was still like a tiny bit damp but
not really so I cleaned it obviously
that's why it looks so wet and obviously
it's gone down to the duvet which isn't
that bad because like if we need to buy
a new duvet anyway I was just waiting to
my makeup well so I have this one but um
yeah it the worst thing of it is that it
destroyed our or didn't destroy it but
uh show us the roll had to clean it and
then I'm worried because this is so soft
and it was pretty expensive like a lot
more money than the rest of our throws
anyway so I'm just scared as to how I'm
scared as to how I'm gonna you know get
it back to its original form
what out of the shower of power we were
in there for half an hour it was
glorious I daydreamed you guys haven't
seen ya the mister missus relationship
probably takes longer in the shower wife
established that I daydream in the
shower
the fella what he mean a rescue
No
yeah anyway what are you doing in there
is that your chair
no are you making your pasta what you
want to see it why no wine is over here
your art is that that hinge which I
caught it and tape and everything it
writers at that age where you know they
just like bump into everything fall all
the time get loads of fright you know
it's just that you just got that
vulnerable age poor little fella you
know yesterday I I got on a tape but I
didn't put it into the vlog but I
probably won't
oh you all right near mine hmm
it's like this is the best day ever this
is all he wants
do you think he's all right yeah he's
fine yeah look at the little line anyway
me and Eduardo having pasta mom and dad
are having future moment diner heaven
Pete saw mr. proper crawler here huh
get mr. proper color this is no bum do I
know his monster your bum yeah I just
over like he's a proper crawler
you get more and more proper crawling I
think sometimes you just kind of revert
back forget it's easier to do it
Oh all done off then thank you very much
did you enjoy your petty flu petit flu
for you oh it's green yeah
just I
so I'm trying to put petrol in my car
for the second fight with my life and
things and it's not working me miss
mustard you are great two different
pumps and it won't work
next is diesel right so now we figured
that out the guy
we got dog who not all over like on the
choir and right I managed not to kill
everybody and I still cannot get over
how funny that whole thing was in the
cocoa and then so I've never updated you
so we were um having that whole drama
okay there was like a really long queue
behind me of like cars trying to get
petrol and I was holding everybody home
cuz I was blogging in the front seat oh
my god is so funny anyway so we're here
so we're gonna see the Pope yeah look at
you
hello hi I like your little hair look
how much hair you have these days even
compared to the last time we did that so
just go
let's talk about you let's talk about me
let's talk about you you let's talk
about me
oh good evening my car how are you doing
today
are we frozen are you suffering kinda
froze the nicest oh it's not some frozen
itis whoa let's some frozen ice is going
on tonight how rude of me
so I shall I illuminate the situation
hello
we were about to cook dinner and then we
decided not to cook dinner just like
gonna get some food so for the win cuz
it's a Saturday night and the note was
there Saturday night and I like the way
you move pretty baby
it's party time and not a minute you can
lose some well in that pretty baby
nineties kids huh alright eighties kids
90's kid baby's kid mine eighties kid
was born in the eighties but then I
lived in the 90s so I think you are like
a child of like I was at a baby a
toddler and a child but then I like I'm
sorry I apologize I am roaming from town
to town what's this
thank God see you guys tomorrow we're
gonna ski Jewish with the food and
eating and watching of to television and
bathing of children and reading of the
stories and you know what everyone does
in the Saturday night I hope you guys
have fun prepare yourselves for an
insulator
and even though I haven't even picked it
yet but I know I just know you guys make
the best insights roll it
so apparently on the 25th of January
it's actually Valentine's Day in Wales
happy Valentine's Day my Welles friends
hope you got yourself a nice Valentine
although I would be a terrible boyfriend
if I was going out with a girl from
Wales because I wouldn't know that today
is actually Valentine's Day and they
would have failed miserably and I would
have been getting the cold shoulder all
day long or only like for
everybody did you leave me like says
next muncher little wagon do you like
know I had a westfield talk no or no
it's not it's it it's on the 25th
January I formally apologised everybody
in Wales that I have insulted there
anyway I hope you guys have a good day
give us know like button give us no
comment and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
