morning wino hi
you say good morning again my little
friend Leah's friend can you say that do
you say friend Leah's friend
ah morning friendliest friends was the
breath I mean to me it isn't work she
said that you bring in a chair over to a
viewing platform
what you doing learn oh oh you are you
in the bed no we'll go downstairs Oh II
you want some alpha bytes your dick Jane
there's no new trick is left
hmm you do the big eye by using alpha
bytes yeah yeah we can have alpha bytes
to do the shopping delivery man keep
forgetting every week to bring the new
trains you can keep bringing alpha bytes
instead she's like the Akkad Ahmed
forgotten agree
good morning again my little friend vias
friend it's so cute
you are no war no way 100 Mandarin man
no good job oh my goodness that's
rustiness the frosting is this morning
oh my god you two clunk due to crack why
won't you just snow like the least you
could do is slow if you're gonna go
ahead make the hell is that
so froz police you could do with snow
you know look at that oh it's snowing
it's snowing just leave it there to
defrost itself look snow kind of snow
snow
so cause mmm I think it's -5 this
morning it looks so pretty though isn't
it and I back I ever turn which my
fragile oh goodness
do you know any doctors time for a
checkup
time for a checkup you exist
what Amita is reading a book
do you remember human eyes yes those
bill that was when you were studying to
become a doctor now you aren't a doctor
yeah congratulations
I have no hours my own the doctors back
with equipment what are you gonna check
first take my okay out my eye okay check
check check check my heart you check oh
it's okay you don't need to put that in
your ear it makes it more effective
we're having a call or Francesca look
for Jessica's dude a few a lot ah God
you're like a professional
here are the pictures
oh my god it's so hard to be pictures
anyway but I should go to review of us I
think it's so crooked but yeah that's
why I did that
yeah yeah that's it yeah oh my it really
changes the room look now don't touch it
okay alright Dean driving up to it like
cuz it's dangerous
is it nice
it's very pretty isn't it here no no no
no Jonathan funny okay
so we're having an argument because
Jonathan thinks that we should wait to
get our DV video John next Tuesday so
just wait a couple of days mate no
because I know what he goes here right
yeah we share your magazines like oh
right she'll gonna work no no because
he's already here and he not that long
said no and not this one said yes so
that's not gonna happen
how do you know it'll be different if
that way yeah and if you taught taught
this is why you shouldn't do it without
asking for asking purse has to be at eye
level but you're small almost noticed oh
you like it
that's good yeah like Amenia well to
Ireland it's come over by Island every
loyal fighting finally the hair sucks
somewhat finally I basically fix I face
today
oh boy so just went to the dentist and I
both Amelia in Melia and I was gonna get
a duardo might get him a little look-see
but I got Amelia booked in what is that
it's not like a filing cabinet
sure what that is huh well yeah we
 a million for a dentist on Monday
that's gonna be fun because you guys
remember bad matter that's seven six
seven months ago McLaren quark where I
was getting worked on I brought a median
just to like familiarize with the idea
of a dentist you know because actually
you know research has shown that a lot
of two-year-olds can develop cavities
and then that can cause like I know Tony
milk teeth but that can cause problems
later on and for all the trouble that
I've had with my teeth like no me Amelia
I'm going to set it in stone you are
going to have really good teeth
so I'm and then I'm screwing anything
done but just one I haven't just wanted
a professional to have a look inside
make sure there's no cavities or holes
about being on their teeth and I don't
know any milk teeth that's kind of silly
because they're all gonna fall out
eventually but you know just just to
make sure that they're okay you know
it's gonna be fun so that's something
look for heads go another like you tell
or not well it's after ballet so she
goes to ballet
she's like yay bellies amazing I'm like
oh dad you missed a house Oh dad where
you going
hello she'll think it's fine something
she thinks everything's fine alright
let's go home oh hi there oh hi there hi
your doggy friends what's going on here
what's going on here dodgy friends huh
people now be
get downstairs get downstairs definitely
all up is it a full break - boys boys
boys now come on come on come on
we got a new toy yeah boys and girls
check this bad boy out right so this is
a cool I know it's massive right but
listen to me this is possibly I don't
know yet cuz I haven't even turned it on
right but I'm thinking this might be the
coolest printer in the world why why oh
well we don't know yet we're gonna check
first so it's a wireless printer that
works off a smartphone and it prints
photographs eight three photocopies does
all the Malarkey's that you'd want to do
by it's wireless so you can be on your
phone right huh that's a nice Instagram
picture imagine I was printing on my
wall but you go upstairs take it off
stick it on your party get a frame is
that amazing amazing have you turned it
on yet have you plugged it in so it may
or may not actually even work no I
didn't think with this big dog and I
just always like friends outside the
front doors like why did you just bring
it in how's that going home you could
probably fit in that couldn't you I've
been doing waiting to use this for a
while I haven't broke it out right this
is the what's a call this g7x it's fancy
look it's got a little screen on it yeah
you like it yeah a new camera yeah yeah
we've been thinking of using the new one
cuz it's supposed to be very high
quality and very fancy but we have two
cameras yeah yeah cuz this is the one I
use which is one of these this is the M
this 720 about me that's mommy's one yep
now boy you only have one of these
because they're like so expensive what
we're thinking about breaking it out and
start using it don't giving it a go you
bringing that down to mommy she's
hilarious lads but I'm yeah I'm already
sure though if I'm ready to
this is a lot bigger and thicker you
know compared to the other one for them
maybe when we go to Florida next week
I'll break that out as RV it'll be like
our American pretty American show
America bigger and better ha ha oh dude
hello what's in my box hello hello
what's in this box
haha could you not get out of it to Joe
Panik hello everybody
I'll just dirty hi everybody
okay we try again we'll try again okay
sit down okay you have to like jump up
okay you ready to jump up hey Doc can
talk then okay hi everybody
is it too hard you can't do it you in a
car we know it media is a my goodness
immediate just disappeared
where's the media anybody know what meat
is she over here no is she over here oh
my goodness I can't find Amelia anywhere
Eduardo you know where Amelia is you
know what I mean it is a Gordo does
anybody know Oh what's this this is
who's this what's this what's this here
have I found her have I found to be
Leonel have I found her Eduardo you know
where you what you do it right out
cheating right up hmm - cozy little
weirdo toesies reservoir dough
oh my goodness he's smile enough - you
are - the big boy
where's big boy goes big boy Dwight old
are you I know
hey big boy right Oh what
alright folks let's go have a bat I
think it's time for bed I think it's
time for bed I think it's time for bed
what okay no big it's time to go to bed
some never bath save my friends hey
that's gonna beat me up
see that's gonna beat me up and of them
beat me up that's gonna beat you up
what do you have to do in the library Oh
quiet ma ya ba 'very have to be quiet in
library o powerful around the library oh
wow Lavery
my boyfriend's wallbang boyfriend's you
tomorrow yelling if I go in a puddle
don't go in a pot oh hey thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed it myself and
Bianca are sitting here but pink is not
a very talkative mood are you being care
mmm-hmm she snuck upstairs anyway what
do you guys think it on a picture there
at the end somebody's nipped it and
turned into an end slate quite nipa d
slip but it's pretty cool isn't it's one
of the pictures for them that we took in
a photo shoot we got tons and sent back
and we're getting a few time sort of
finalized and finishing self by them
that's a pretty cool picture what you
see the ones who've got Freddie at the
actual channel banner people and look
epic
I'm gonna work it out over next few days
and hopefully have something to show in
town in the next few days anyway and
thanks for watching give us know like um
do this an old comment subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
fight
