don't care because I'm worth it because
I am
whoa that's a frozen car good morning
friends and welcome to the best day oh
oh my I'm like right so cold frozen has
come busy and suddenly as if out of
nowhere a second enough was born and
also guys extra Asmus huh you excited
for su Xmas you have no idea what STX
misses you oh it's like Christmas Galax
but first you must do the school run yes
come on it's frozen guys there's ice
everywhere come on Eduardo did you hear
it it's a grass crunchy is it crunchy
glass guys come on mister I'm crying a
monkey I'm carrying a monkey and I'm
walking two monkeys another school run
completed whoa oh my goodness we did I'm
so quick in the morning but it's really
good because it like it wakes you up
like 8 o'clock in the morning you're
just like sprinting carrying bags
I forgot I rescued her I left to ride a
scooter in school
let's not pretend hunt down with the
peeps because I'm not down with the
peeps oh well I'm awake I am awake
I am always are you are word oh time
it's somebody's nap time guess he's
feeling better today she's feeling a lot
better
she's not got a temperature today
thankfully Oh daddy never opened your
curtains but she's got a bit of a cough
haven't you and she keeps biting mummy
slightly me when I'm hating you it's not
nice to have bitten boobs it seriously
don't feed her now and put her to bed
because it is 20 past 9 so she's still
taking her morning naps I don't know why
she's so lady really meets them but
nobody can know baby look at my boots
can you see the scuff mark I still
remember the day that that happened it
was when we were in a rush to get to the
train station to go to London and
basically we had like 4,000 books being
collected from her house and the guy had
blocked us in so we couldn't go through
late and I scuffed it against Johnson's
massive wheels because he has huge huge
wheels and I was so shocked and then we
ended up not actually going into London
because he missed our train or like we
had to go back for some reason the guy
who's collecting the book there was like
confusion and we had to go back so we
didn't end up actually going in so it's
all for nothing and had Alessio with us
she was screaming it was just such a
mess I would never forget that day
probably it was such a disaster day but
um yeah lost a good boot that day
although I haven't technically lost it
still I can still wear it I just I don't
know how to clean it because it's suede
and it's like tans or like beige so yeah
it's kind of sad and I got my bracelet
resized see the diamond one at the front
that was a my push present from Jonathan
and I loved it so much but it was too
small so I got it resized it was
expensive to get it resized actually but
you know gonna do what you gonna do I'm
not gonna lose any weight for my wrists
let's be honest but I'm yeah I finally
got every site so I can find you where
I'm really happy
Ready Steady Go
whoa well done Edward oh oh you want to
do it okay good boy they came and they
cut it and they tied it up and they made
it look amazing
see whoa that is pretty fast I have been
so failing
don't wanna that is not what is the
length of my attention span have an
instant story
I haven't tweeted on Facebook to have an
Instagram and having YouTube there's
nothing nothing I'm putting my heart and
soul into SJ Xmas and there's so much I
can't like when you see what it is and
you'll realize what I had to do to make
it happen is a complicated that be stop
aya but I wouldn't want this for you
guys and he's gonna be amazing
well she's grumpy can't be at my own
house there's so much involved in doing
it and while I'm doing it obviously I
can vlog you see long I still have not
got a car mount there's a Santa Claus I
see the cornerbacks or one of these days
the cameras going to fall out the window
oh yeah just bear with me guys
bear with us what with us
and when to play on tonight we are gonna
be making lasagna I've got everything
laid out I'm doing a half recipe though
because there aren't that many of us and
with the kids they're like half portions
anyway so we just don't end up finishing
like a whole as many ourselves so I
turkey meat in turkey mince instead of
whatever it's supposed to be I think was
meant to be like beef and lamb and or
maybe pork I can't remember it's like a
mixture so I've got turkey instead these
are all my ingredients then didn't have
any celery so there's no celery in there
what else for the sauce I'm using almond
milk and a tiny bit of butter so don't
get me teeny like I'm not gonna hurt you
okay
and then what else what else what else
foster change cheddar cheese instead of
Parmesan cheese cuz I saw one of his
recipes had cheddar and one had parmesan
so like I don't really think it matters
and then to that we're gonna add the
turkey which I'm not even gonna get
close to that cuz it looks so gross just
hates Leia bro meat now we are boiling
the pasta sheets pilla's on your sheets
just for like three to four minutes I've
got some olive oil some salt in there
and they are coming along nicely
got some brown and some white mostly
brown but I kind of mixed it up a bit
I like to mix it up lasagna is ready to
go in the oven look at the layers so
cool I'm just a rock and roll guy from
the 1970s come on my little elves
so we're filming
thing for hashtag SJ Xmas what come
beside me here oh hello everybody
Eduardo coming here now he's got my oil
whichever way you want come into the
picture in the video what are you what
are you what are you what are you doing
Eduardo you are to turn around turn
around show everyone what you've gone
and done
that's not the way all right we're going
to the sketch for this is what this is
what Santa Claus would look like if he
was ahead if he was a head banger
because I'm worth it because I am oh can
I have my hat please can I have my hat
please
all right I need my elves to come to the
set I can't show you guys oh look I'll
show you what I show you a little hint
let's see we can see here we can't see
anything here okay look
the set is built Oh oh my gosh you guys
have no idea what you're in store for
what dose go spoilers no spoilers you
guys have no idea what you're in for
actually Xmas is gonna blow your mind
but in order to start off it I need to
shoot a little kind of music video
thingy it'll all make sense it'll all
make sense in a couple of days let's
step into the winter wonderland
what do you guys think what do you guys
think what would you guys think of that
in front of you know are you excited
alright we're in the middle of filming
here we're trying to do this snowdrop oh
my goodness
alright you ready guys here we go again
take 575 hallo little Missy boingy
boingy boingy boingy boingy boingy
boingy boy look she's growing guys look
unless he's growing Eduardo don't be a
naughty boy
look she's growing she can almost put a
little toesies on the ground oh look at
a little wormy toes no ideally you good
big brother she's so cute huh Tom and
Jerry you so cute you're so cute high
five high five boom mmm-hmm okay we go
boingy-boing
look at this this
hmm look at this and then this one
somebody drew all over this do we know
who chew all over that guy's bring when
you buy you buy buying even if I leave I
find even funny but Wendy Wendy Wendy
you're very cute huh
she wears bows like used to wear bows
the media number oh she hits you and how
many mixed up
you have very similar names though don't
you M Lili yeah yeah you have an annual
but you Eduardo huh you look decent
dances
so we are heading to bed but we decided
we would discuss what we are getting for
Christmas for Christmas daddy would like
a lion why are you laughing that's what
I would like for Christmas I would like
a lion I would like the children not to
get up at 6 o'clock in the morning every
day and just let mommy and daddy have a
lion do you think I could get that for
Christmas I want that shoes and that's
why what the other ones have to off
grace what are we going to get a lesser
for Christmas what about and a list of
how to walk in and she might understand
like it's sort of like idiots guide to
walking what are we going to get mommy
for Christmas right
what about our eyes like the one and in
column on the side I've got some person
presents for you and mummy and the in
the basement and I did them at school do
you have more presents for me or more
presents for mommy oh yeah I just got
one for each tree that is there okay
let's go to bed you got fangs you have
fangs for them oh wow great thanks about
putting it in mouth but don't put it on
your keeper was it right like
can you do that
good night friends taste watching
today's video wait when you finish you
have to finish if I say I prefer back
then you put the comment down below if
you like Christmas
