do you have a favorite books do you like
where's my Pete hey my dentist
please if you can even rent page your
shoe on place just you aren't picture
shoe on go a singer-song finish shoe a
meter did you see your pictures you got
the contact sheet a photographer laughs
oh you want to see a picture of Amelia
deal yeah okay hold on
oh okay who's that
yeah look guys it's so cute oh oh do you
like them
who's that the media crying oh it's so
cute they so cute
you love them to our toes yeah me so
cute with the media gun no oh no it's
mommy now you won't go any further lies
because it gets a bit complicated down
here where the or no now reverse reverse
you buy mania
oh you have to be quiet yeah
you know little man you know a little
man he makes so cute whoa you look trans
cool I got a double leg in crawling on
the carpet he always seems to do the old
double leg run away that Nana you put
these forward hello cute what are you
doing turn it your closet house like an
M&M son oh good job no way like all this
doesn't fit her anymore
I love this jumper so I'm sorting
through Amelia's wardrobe and I've got
that part done I've got this done this
drawer I've got her socks tights this is
just like a little I don't know I've got
like I want that to be underwear but
right now I have like just things that I
want to keep in there which I should
probably change out this is all the
stuff that needs to be hung and sorted
through okay this is the destructive
baby and these are all to donate so
hopefully by the end of this period it
will look a lot better and there will be
more space because she was running out
of space and I knew I had to do this for
ages I was just putting it off but I
actually wouldn't like things like this
so that's cool
who's that what did you have fun
did you miss us
your mommy's busy
mommy's cleaning your room you want to
see mommy did you get books did you read
loads of books are you ready to see my
progress I'm finished that's the big bag
that came out of there and that's the
bag of hangers the room is clear and
tada super empty compared to earlier I
don't know if you can remember but it
was really packed in there so I've got
her coats her fancy dresses her casual
dresses and her like shirts and blouses
and
tops and things that need to be hung
I've got her tights and all her shoes
are here I've got this is the box of
boughs of boots I keep all the boxes for
her shoes which I'm actually really
happy that I did because now that I'm
donating the older ones I never know if
you're like supposed to donate shoes or
not but I'm going to anyway because
they're in pretty good condition like I
threw out one pair because they were
quite wrecked but like her Hello Kitty
ones and her converse of pink converse
they're way too small for her but I kept
the boxes on yeah I'm glad I did because
it just makes it neater like when I want
to donate them I just put them up in
their box and it's like it just it seems
better like it seems like they're more
gently worn or something that I don't
know but anyway so these are all her
jumpers and her hats and her pajamas her
hoodies
and that is it let's dress up that's her
doc McStuffins outfit and then I've got
a hanger there for her Sophie a dress
would just wash up here we have her
shorts trousers leggings and sweats
vests like onesy vests regular vests
it's two pair two skirts t-shirts and
long sleeve tops and that's pretty much
it so I'm really happy with that I think
I made good progress I also got rid of
all the ganky hangers that we had like
you know even was it you just get free
from when you buy stuff and I
transferred all the baby ones into the
barniz room which obviously his they're
all in there waiting I do have a plan
for this year and I am gonna be
decorating a room a month so in hopes to
get them all done by the end of the
month or by the end of the year so this
month I'm not doing any of up here
actually I'm doing the living room which
I have some new stuff coming in for that
so fingers crossed everything will look
by the end of 2015 are doing their what
is it mr. mrs. the mr. mrs. challenge we
don't have pictures of ourselves so it's
gonna be yeah join him on no joints you
brilliant at drawing us what's the intro
into your drawings you aren't well what
and it's gonna dry them it's good so on
Monday you have mine makeover celebrity
makeover and Anna's please a sports bra
I don't really know how to do all right
everything is ready our plates already
one got the lights the lights bright
okay let's get right let's turn this bad
boy on Baker
you can't pick yourself for everything I
pick my hopes on the farting wanted yeah
really
that's all buddy don't cook you bake
scientific questions when I waited
through my cooking phase you were like
this is amazing every single night
wasn't it and when you cook I've changed
my mind
thank you because I forgot about that
time why are you drawing yeah we're done
tonight Melia came in half with you and
she wanted to join in so we gave her a
place but uh we gave her a plate but it
was brain I think it was really good
yeah do you think so
yeah yeah it's pretty good there was a
couple of surprise ones in there yeah
next Monday check that bad boy out
Eduardo hi little man I know man how you
doing
let's go open this good morning again my
little friendliest friends
oh we want a good ancestor mommy are you
three school huh yeah honey in the
editing the video I mean daddy film the
video mommy and daddy found a job it was
very fun
what don't leave the gate open
no come on downstairs let's go quite
found I found Eduardo net10 Amelia and
Eduardo come on let's go you wanna draw
okay when you open the gate for me
can you know don't you love it here we
go dinnertime
will you haven't can you say penne penne
penne pasta penne pasta
what are you doing is there what do you
do you go to eat the much wow there's
two there's four four six eight let it
go Betty do quarter with a friend I can
be like you again okay even your fake
tan
yes a big town out there yeah you like
sakuni Joey's in India no bring him this
red go and give them a big Pole of this
matter
feel like I could laugh or cry
loving you is cushy you're so handsome
please take a bite of my media high-five
yeah boy give it media a media high-five
give me a high-five
I was princess having a pizza party
Friday night oh you know like this okay
hey fake my friends view tomorrow
roll the ends late hit the like button
leave me a nice comment
isn't it mental to think that you have
actually watched Amelia since the day
she was born and Eduardo since the day
we were born
isn't that crazy if you actually been
watching the vlogs since like the start
thanks for watching today's video I was
just thinking that because I was I was
just watching a bit that what Amelia
what she was like roll the end slide
saying goodbye you know now it's like
you know she said things like hi friends
he says like oh let's make a video dad
or like holidays editing or she knows
things like I'll like the video leave
comments or you know like something like
today she came in she took my Road mic
and she picked her up and she's and she
picked it on point you know she Hal he's
like hi friends like welcome to my video
and said you know she knows things and
it's like that's crazy you know remember
when she was like a little baby and then
Eduardo imagine I don't know like wow
it's just crazy I don't know anyway
thanks so much watching today's video
do you like me as a ballerina gives know
like come on give us Mary Jane well yeah
it's Friday
basically the weekend you know you're in
a good mood hit the like button leave a
nice comment come back tomorrow all
weekend long I'll be here all weekend
long oh good check forever cat for
Ireland but so on that
