good morning wired oh what's that give
me five
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
morning friends welcome to the greatest
videos on the internet that are uploaded
a biracial family living London to play
oh no I don't need to do it or say this
because of your facility if I just look
at me and admiration right we have no
food because waiting for the Academy
it's not fair
vegetables give me kiss kiss and why did
not you pushed him what is encouraging
him Oh God so cute I think you're in a
better mood this morning you've got his
first blues guys yeah big day from
yesterday moves in yesterday he has the
funniest lake okay yes Alexander's not
on this picture and he I was like yeah
we give back to him but you I don't know
yeah she's not gonna listen to you okay
that's not real no but like if he's like
yesterday he was at a light socket
and he like put his finger up and I was
like like pretty loud and his face he
does this
big faith he scrunches up his nose so
you can it goes he like stop dead what
he's doing him here just kind of go he's
crunches nose and then he goes so cute
yeah yeah he's a name I don't want to
say it too now they don't want to upset
you
he is a cute little man when I do it
when I do it yeah
touch this thank you
he knows it's a drink you want it yeah
this is kind of cruel
ah
Oh looking for arrested is like you have
a problem of milk you have the same
issue at milk yeah every time he goes to
get the milk out of the fridge he's like
you didn't go to ballet where did you go
did you get a sticker don't put your
finger in the fire say don't put your
finger in the fire said don't put your
finger in the fire is that a song I said
don't put your finger in the fire
because what will happen if you put your
finger in the fire mommy told you good
mommy sit over the fire don't put your
finger in the fire so she said don't you
coffee in the coffee machine don't you
cafe in the copy machine don't put your
finger in the part did you have fun
today okay no offense yeah with the boys
and girls this mommy's why don't you
gonna walk the doggies right I'm gonna
walk the doggies do you wanna walk the
veggies
Ducky's are going in their walkies can
be she can do like an intern a summer
job by hi what's it by c'mon fucking
wait but we get going why is that in
this boot hey why is that in a boot
what's going on here what is that in the
boot can you put that in a boot is a
mommy in the boot - yeah
grandpa in the boot is everybody in the
boat Cookie Monster's coming quick right
are you gonna hide cookie man can't
Tommy you've got a lot of snot in your
nose is he coming I'm trying to put it
right down praise not and I didn't even
realize today but I actually dressed
Amelia and Eduardo as Mickey Minnie I
didn't even realize I was it didn't do
it on purpose
what's that face - yo Nicky oh good boy
good boy Daniel yeah okay
you're what no no no a waddles asleep we
leave a Wordle asleep
one left I carry you but can you go boy
I've got a dozen boys got stickers -
yeah do you like the girls and boys do
you like your playgroup they fund is
that right that's mommy mommy oh yeah
she did look happy 23rd birthday Frank
Jonathan the count daddy daddy took
those pictures to me cuz mommy is very
pretty
Danny likes mommy but that isn't love
for La Mina
I'll give ya that
looking for a bell keep going
hi mom
you hit a nice long day you Jameel her
friends Amina is standing on me
the waters over here trying to climb up
Oh mommy
you gonna cry out to mommy or do you do
it up there
you wanna get your milk you got so
friend of ours has made us a traditional
Indian so what do we got we got minced
chicken I see that's a potato I'm not
sure the rest is she said not to give to
the kids because it might be too spicy
so I haven't concerned okay yeah
okay so when you guys are from India
we're about to eat your food and it may
it's authentic yeah proper hardcore like
that's not like eating hey guys so today
I don't know I just I don't know what it
is though
it's minced chicken enjoyed never heard
of have you ever no no I've never heard
of minced chicken no means Turkey that's
minced chicken nobody's put it but it's
not though it's means chicken it smells
amazing
would you make some time right okay is
that a bit of a kick in this oh my this
is spicy it's really good but so spicy
mmm
Jeon but Wow mmm thank you order would
you go to India try this doesn't make
you mad
kaki house it's the Mickey Mouse cookie
house come on in and eat there been easy
Mickey Mouse
Tommy house what does Mickey Mouse a
what does Mickey Mouse a do you know
that we're probably gonna see this mr.
Mickey Mouse soon would you like to meet
Mickey Mouse you wanna meet Mickey Mouse
on Santa Claus
what about Minnie Mouse what about
Donald us Pinto goofy do you want to
meet them you want to go through their
house I'm not an Elsa yeah you want to
go to their house we could go to Mickey
Mouse's house if you wanted to you can
Eduardo do you want to go to Key West's
house I think he does
okay mommy does mommy want to go to
Mickey Mouse's house yeah yeah anyone
else does daddy want to go to Mickey
Mouse's house I need a dog he's going to
Helen you have it all planned out okay I
hope this is the right guy muffin
upstairs let's go why that's going under
me no shoulders all right going let's go
come on let's go Barney
boys hey wait up careful now
you want to sit down come on upstairs
here look at this little crazy mind here
huh do you love your brother hmm thank
you for the things no do it don't do it
don't do it oh
yeah where does the baby yeah there's a
big girl yeah big girls can do it yeah
okay we'll go through the bats looping
them to the bass please
oh geez okay let's all go to the back
now hope you enjoy today's video
presentation of our day it was just one
of those stay at home fun with the kids
fun with the wifey fun with the husband
deed fun with food oh my god that food
is so spicy he's so good you even like
this is so good and like ten seconds a
you're like why is my entire body on
fire Oh anyway hope you enjoyed this
video give it know like did you know in
less than 10 days we are going to be on
the other side of the world exciting see
you guys tomorrow
it's watching bye
