it's a frosty situation friends but good
morning welcome to frosty land and it's
just heating up our car the moment which
seemed to have worked seems to be nice
in there defrosted she's heading off to
Bali yeah and I am in left alone wardo
world oh oh the boys and the girls who
please and the Colleen yolks hanging
around my space it changes over but it's
so cold here is my no thanks so much
likes itself in yesterday's video doing
ruin our TV show that's kind of cool
wonderful no where's my little ballerina
oh girl mommy looks cool too I put the
car seat on behind you see you and you
have to worry that parking on one side
so you're properly close indeed aside
don't worry about getting sore have by
anemia you have fun by wired Oh daddy's
going mommy's going
Amelia's going okay go go go go go
don't be late for school
you saying goodbye to everybody in the
world loving you is easy you're amazing
loving you is cushy you're so handsome
please take this just you and I huh this
you and I boys clubs boys club boys club
sad to make him a breakfast situation
this morning
Oh wardo you want some porridge with
your life so important to therefore
there's six theory
guardo's eating his breakfast little
scoop here Jay nice you say nice like
you like don't you put your don't you
put your pirate hands and make a rap
ducky things are homo
just got done in baby ballet did you
love it
no oh sorry baby ballet yeah we are we
went to big-girl ballet not right yeah
she had such a fun time was so cute and
she is definitely going back at next
week
I don't even know where to look I'm
using my phone I don't actually know
where the camera is
yeah amy has to yeah here we go home we
go home
Eduardo's nine months actually did you
go ballet to have fun got a bit of a
runny nose situation no how was he he
was all right yeah that Bonaparte yeah
sleep when he wanted me to get sixtieth
movie Cayetana I mean it doesn't he want
to know me when she's sick dad is for
fun times mommies for serious times do I
do
do you love me man in it yeah like your
jeans come on let's go downstairs
bathroom
all right welcome bedroom yes sir yes
sir three by law what what I get pink
stuff we're lads ah here we go yo me no
more
yeah you got two goes cuz you're a big
girl hi friends welcome to our video
today we are going to try and be the
best friend touch me there you go
pretty girl this monster so I took the
brightest temperature and had him in you
freak out because it was 39 and then
Jonathan came in and took it again and I
was 37 I was like okay what's that but I
only took it because it felt so hot it
was cuz it was just after it's not how a
Myers works lives it takes two different
kind of was up to me the house is never
between photos up to you
the kids are ugly Rushdie or no no what
it does mean it takes two different
types of people you Jeremy that's Ricky
do you can you know when you're in there
fine what you seven point that's all
right yeah I mean yeah don't be mean to
the dogs but they definitely have a call
though Huertas nipples I know it's cold
yeah I think I should look at his face
yeah he does not look well no he's all
like
amita seems a lot better a lot better in
him well she's got the sniffles oh you
got the sniffles oh it's so on facts
it's like every time you travel this
happen all over Florida eight hours and
a plane already looking forward to it
well I am but can't you get is nothing
you can get before you put it on the
plane airborne everybody pre sickness
yeah but then because everyone else in
the plane like I've got I've already got
this before this cold trying to get a
big in limited versions of Cole's yeah
and just intravenously constantly yeah
such a nice connection big girl pants
yeah no put them in a nice line oh we
know Melia not pee in them but I'm in a
nice line hmm this looks good yeah okay
what the while I got
well done cat at the 16th good job
you wanna go through a bath now
my go get it for you yeah sniffles hey
what does it mean II I have the sniffles
oh it's toasty warm already tree - what
blast off were you going what's your
plan
whoa whoa there wait you going you to
dare don't you there
don't do it don't do it my word oh hi
Albie Albie are you looking to play with
the fully coated fool ah an angel you
have to give them said wider okay oh why
does being destructive an amelia is not
and I had to take this one away because
he was scraping their cross before I
found it like nails on a chalkboard
crazy
all right yank out we hear you a lot
going free all right
more more things Oh careful you're made
a little shawl for Eduardo at a bit of
choo-choo
I like your dance moves
they're ballet dance Oh wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle
you gotta wait
but it's a Monday I wouldn't say a bad
word she wouldn't shoot a bad word so
what's happened here what's happened
here hi hi Bianca oh yeah how's it going
everybody
hello everybody don't know why I wasn't
on the TV it there's no way I wasn't in
the television base
I will Allah say well allows your mother
monkey town name but I don't remember
algebra that's the level of coldest will
do my hair tonight lights so the guy
came over to install all the televisions
fine to mount them he's being like about
a month since yeah when when I bought
those things I was like I should yeah we
never got around to they couldn't figure
giving him any time now hold on a minute
so hopefully we're gonna get the TV's
mounted next week there's quite a few
jobs to do as well in the kids room so
it's gonna take you at a time but uh
it's cold but I'm glad we got that part
over it now come on
it's a guys so now we're under Road the
world the kids are in here I hope no I
was eating ice cream
are you eating ice cream it's dark
outside
Edoardo sorry I scream because he's
teething so badly and then the home is
over here and decide and have some ice
cream but don't tell that don't tell
that okay no
come on it's a thing so I never put him
down Jamelia this is my school no no
that's dangerous now no kills me scuse
me coming to me happen miss me Amelia no
no come on get down it don't give me a
piggyback give me a kick you back here
to me leave it will you carry me come on
give mama a hug and a kiss do you love
mommy you love Eduardo it's a phone I
heard that night-night wardo wait going
that's go inside hey where are you going
anyway let's get the oil stop the
nappies I know
Wow now take the ol bus oil
that's the magic oil makes you better
it's gonna make a media better yeah yeah
me that's sick yeah it's because of the
airplane friend oh he is a little bit
daddy's love well he was I got first
offense which is amazing okay that's a
first offense Oh question it doesn't
work
okay no no intimidation yeah okay you
hop into bed yeah hope you enjoyed
today's video hope I brought some light
into your life hoping to meet you
chuckle and laugh and have a good old
time and I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to leave nice comments
don't forget leave Knights Lickety likes
and if you wanna check out that video
did Amelia it's over on my other channel
I will leave a link down below and I
will see you guys tomorrow bye
