monka I know everybody hey now everybody
he's a monster
where's the monster a little worried oh
right this morning Martha doesn't know
what's going on right now about the
monster so we had to add a new little
addition to our haul here oh stop I'm
off to get good wardo if they will get
around now quite efficiently
it also has not snowed base snowing and
hardened and we are going to ardent in
like two days or something so I'm told
that will be snowing when we get Arnon
could you imagine if it was snowing when
we got to Ireland have you never played
with the snow oh and Hayley oh yes it is
Alma's house is in Ireland but over the
houses in Southern Ireland in Cork we're
going to Dublin
put you we can go to Dublin Dublin it's
fun till daddy's from Dublin yeah
Eduardo's coming - yeah why don't want
to go to Dublin Lane acting what I was
coming to yr go
I ain't waters going to Ireland - yeah
we're all going well going to Ireland by
our guard captain Dublin yeah
daddy girl captain daddy's gonna Dublin
- yep - mommy's coming to you as well
yeah Oh your dogs are going to Helen
yeah you're very informed I can get
Arland yeah that's not too bad I totally
like Tumnus
Oh Oh daddy forgot every morning some
day I remember some day can you clap
yeah good boy huh that's pretty smart
now you can fight your drum is cute
though huh
me little copper game where girl here in
the corner
how do you do it did you turn it on turn
it on wanna sort this at first so last
night was a giant storm okay
I think he's over armed as well call
Rachel or something hey boys mean about
Rachel and I had to put the pins out
last night in the storm it was crazy
stuff was blowing everywhere but it
means we're taking this morning so I'm
gonna go and see if I can bring them in
I'm sure that there haven't been damaged
because I put a big a plank of wood over
it to check to make sure it was okay all
right that's a look
I'm sleeping over that way
it survives bring them in
come on lads sorry about the storm last
night
this is what I use the whole gang
depends all right what is going on his
hailstones look see it's ice ice yeah
middle a chick over you're gonna mix it
over yeah okay yeah it's all muddy isn't
it yeah yeah what happened what's
happening
it's hail stoning it's like big rain oh
nice yeah okay now it's just raining
what's going on here this is why we
didn't go ahead stay what's going on
here I don't know it's just crazy isn't
it
all right so we are moving forward once
more or the media's training we are now
look sands we've got nothing on oh my
goodness good luck good luck friend oh
nice nice kick nice ball kick
fight oh did you use the party oh you
get a star
good girl oh sweet what kind of sweet
maybe I'll use the potty how to eat your
dinner
like a chump ah hi sir you you got a
little something on your nose there are
you sucking are you just sucking like
you see there so oh you're so cute
little you're wearing a rain mat what
you got feet oh sweet
yeah you're a good girl I like you
always yeah I mean I got a sweet yeah a
medium I get more sweets yeah
good girl I'm forming her to armed with
a couple of things you don't need to
know okay hold on can you say want us to
talk to you too can you say ishka can
you say Bunya that's pretty cute daddy
said bunion oh but he may come over
No thank you
you sneaky
the new lease to pop music movies a
cover give me the hook mm-hmm so Amelia
is doing big-girl potty things in the
bathroom
but I'd wired I was still a baby she has
told me whiter still a baby so he has to
win a piece and that right he got pasta
and salmon Latin cream cheese all over
him to the island
didn't you Oh Malone rejected I'm okay
I'll sleep all night and work all day I
cut down trees I wear high-heeled
suspenders and a bra oh he said I can
use old gay all right we have ran out of
Christmas tree firewood came to work on
operation to pallet firewood the pilot
left over from that building the gate
and stuff oh there's quite a few little
bits and bobs over here but I have some
Coolidge this is what I have here to and
chop this bad boy up and turn it into
firewood fine what cause if this mushy
were that really will do well so let's
get to it shall we
oh all right got a nice little pile
strict off the top part a little bit
more oh yeah
been waitin important enough for tonight
oh my goodness oh yeah so I'm that ad TV
show - were on on Saturday night I take
it all gone by now but if you guys want
to check on Facebook I put up a picture
on a picture of a tweet on Facebook I
put a picture on facebook of a tweet was
it a tweet of a snapchat that was an
Instagram
of a YouTube video that happened to be a
better my spinner right there I ran out
of platforms but I'm just tickets for
the show for Saturday night even you
guys want to come and be in the audience
um run or te late Saturday night show
Saturday night show or T you guys could
be in the audience but they weren't
limited tickets and I experienced it
maybe I'll combo will be kind of cool if
you guys come to the audience but
definitely check it out you'll be able
to watch it you'll be able to live
streaming which is pretty cool anywhere
in the world I just have to figure out
what time it's honor for you I think
it's like it's a Saturday night show so
I'm gonna go ahead and assume it's like
8 or 9 or 10 or something like that you
know GMT time so tea time so whatever
time that is figure it out we'll figure
out between leadings get like an
orchestra Oh guys get this inside and
toast the paps we're in the back pads so
poor Emilia has had a bad old lay she's
in the final transition period and she
is finding it difficult as I'm sure we
all did
is it is it difficult is the final
transition difficult no all of them are
they all your toys they're big girl toys
you're a big girl
they're baby toys these are baby toys
her he's regardless one meal at his big
girl toys but you had you did get
sweeties today didn't you did you get
sweeties today no you got yesterday it's
a difficult situation there's always
these difficult situations as nerds like
every time they like change or grow or
something I like become you think you
haven't sorted that figured out it's
like
something else comes along and it's like
oh by the way do you think you have
parenting's figured out check this
whatever you like oh hello the Chairman
hello a little after the Batman nigga
room
did you shoot you after the Batman huh
you don't go to daddy's hairdressers do
you do
writer goes to the barbers the
barbershop quartet infinitude all right
let's go meet up
our work on this area here
maybe work out real game I need that's
all but that these tools down there it
looks really nice
daddy don't daddy's going building he's
always building something isn't he
they've got so fresh you got so fresh
yeah selfish self s shellfish surface
chef so a shelf
Oh a shelf I thought you said I was
selfish sir
yourself yeah what's the fish part Oh
she'll fish
oh you're abbreviate initiative that's
awful yeah shelf so you like shelves
oh I build a medium a peach L remember
know what can't cut football cake boss
you got stickers say yeah yeah media
cupcake stickers every time she was good
girl how many figures did you get that
Maggie that's that ease book yeah okay
coffee
daddy's coffee yeah big cut daddy daddy
drinks coffee yeah mommy - okay goose
nothing juice I don't like that - it
marketing's water - yeah yes my daddy's
coffee and why dad - mommy nice coffee
in water does daddy like water yeah
coffee's he likes Toffees bored about
water yeah nice water too
hey my friend see you tomorrow
mama color take away oh this is this is
mommy's camera yeah it says mommy's name
on it mom mommy doesn't use her camera
very much does she
well they said that studies camera yeah
mommy and Bobby Oh mommy we put some
beside each other look Oh soon Amelia
and Eduardo might have a camera do you
want to come right yeah like Fung's you
want a phone yeah yeah fun you want a
picture phone you want a pink picture
phone maybe you'll get one for your
birthday
yeah cut cut you want a pink picture
phone with cupcakes got it
it's got eyes on it yeah wow that sounds
amazing
don't you love her mmm see you tomorrow
hmm I'll be there for you that it didn't
I'll be there that's a good one no one's
actually done friends before
sometimes I see comments in relation to
the music that I have been using
recently in the videos so a couple of
things sometimes you know there'll be
more music than other videos sometimes
would be like no music and then
sometimes you'd be like a small bit it
worked because I was kind of working
where I moved to a new network a couple
of months back and they they were able
to offer me it's sort of a licensing
deal with a music network you know which
allowed me to use a lot of like
commercial music which isn't available
anywhere else well you might see it
unlike ads itself and then when I got
ahold of it no I think it adds something
to it you know and I know some people
don't like it but you know it's never
going to be more than like it's never
going to be too much Envy I just think
it had something to it anyway so it want
to clear that up clear the air I will be
continuing to do it from time to time
you know sometimes don't have more
videos sometimes will have less anyway
but you know what every day there will
be a video up guaranteed
hmm everything's witch watching videos
give us an old like um give us no
comment and I'll see you guys tomorrow
and subscribe if you're new these videos
are amazing ask anyone in the comments
I'll tell you these videos are amazing
haha
