loving you is easy you're amazing
feel like I could laugh or cry loving
you is cushy you're so handsome
please take a bite of my oh guys look
how cute this outfit is
I just made it up no I had this tutu and
it's got little hearts on it and then we
recently got this top from is this M&S
oh no River Island mini wherever I
didn't do kids pose which is so cool
Mia's flying you flying uh-oh can you
get down and then I told Jonathan not to
let them run sacked their rooms this
morning what I come up do this hey
although it's actually not that bad it
could be a lot worse you've got your
unicorn
plans filming that make a video I'm not
filming this particular making video
I've already done my makeup video Jia
are you gonna blow your hair no I think
like this yeah I need that anklet
we're due weekend oh sorry sorry about
that what happened
you guys sticker Wow why don't maybe
gonna stick her Duarte up daddy's going
out on his bike he's wearing on his
appropriate gear telling everybody what
else did you do daddy friends was
daddy's friends there and mommy friends
no not daddy Amelia's friends did you do
singing and dancing what songs did you
sing my nose is the mouth in your nose
Wow very good
are you hungry you gonna jump so we got
a few new things for production purposes
this morning got this bad boy here which
a beautiful 16 to 35 F 2.8 lens all my
goodness because the last two videos
yeah we shot with this at this prime
lens which is lovely t at one point five
but I don't know if you guys noticed
it's like slightly out of focus because
it's like a two-man job to put focus all
the time and you know YouTube videos
sometimes can be like you know you have
to kind of put your own focus so this
thing has an automatic focus in it but
it's still at absolutely ridiculously
expensive what amazing lens that's
Eduardo just in case you know confusion
this stuff here
pickle small chunks of pickle
they look really cute boy no thank you
but I guess smell if I know cuz that'll
be stuck in my smell is it what did it
pick up What's in pickles oniony it
smells so strong or if we get stuck in
the taste buddy I think shred chase to
pick up if comments I did tomorrow okay
yeah okay we got enough comment saying I
just taste the pickle I shall taste the
paper did you have it what if we got
enough comments tomorrow about to pick
up I'll try something okay it's really
good
I'm afraid of it
Wow it's so cool
so she just went and took my hammer this
boy on the other hand well he loves ham
don't you yeah he loves smoke oh you
should take a bite though yeah I was
blown their hero crying I hate this like
I do the bike essentially is like stuck
look at it uh all right oh man oh crap
so nice and here tonight that's today at
the M&M scooping am I in here right now
he's telling me to lose myself in the
music which I am oh my goodness the
first girl has been has been an
extremely good nice experience it's
already its dirtiest the old one Oh am i
shouting got headphones in I can't hear
myself hey I've got something fun news
to tell you guys I'll head up to your
little debenture pair of the LA River
it's about six or seven kilometers away
so I pedal up there I'll tell you guys
some fun exciting stuff that we're doing
this weekend I'll send you guys last
week is like hey we're doing something
on TV next week let's talk with their
producers this morning and I was like
can I tell my pubes about this and
they're like yeah sure Darren and see
you tomorrow but they're like yeah so
cave you guys stop okay battery just
died so okay I don't know where it got
cut off somewhere in there I got cut off
I'll talk to you better when I get home
because better you side
now we need to make no it's okay we'll
do it
all right mix mix mix mix mix okay these
get bring and then we're gonna add the
chicken so you knew that I was trying to
tell you a wrong with the battery a guy
evening out stuck anyway why exam
this Saturday Saturday night we're gonna
be a or te Saturday night show so make
sure to chew in it's gonna be fun
we're flying to Ireland Saturday we'll
go Mike the artist Oh My Darling Buds
stop coping the sausages sausages it's
gonna be so much fun I asked him we're
talking to produces this morning and we
asked them can you guys swim it live
around the world so I'm pretty sure they
said you are too you player you can just
go to art you got Ian go to their player
wherever it is I know you can watch it
it would be exciting it'd be fun huh
they'll eat you or dance at a night show
don't cigarette neutral in two days yeah
no we won't you Dublin Dublin Dublin
versity daddy
that's where daddy's found daddy's going
home coming home now it won't be long
now
the old downside to having a fire lads
you have to Tina what do I do that this
light thing we've got one more this is
it is the last piece left and that's it
it's all gone so we're gonna burn the
last of the Christmas tree we're gonna
sing a song Oh Christmas tree you gave
us presents now you give us warms thank
you me all right here we go
last fire lock it up lock it up tight
she goes lads
that's fire well lasted the Christmas
tree and have to recycling I use their
Kindle wood which this stuff and then I
use like the lighter thing which is this
stuff here and then I surround it with
the recite whatever recycling is
available at the time and then the tree
in the middle and hopefully it's really
inspire why not making a fire you might
burn your finger so you have to stay
back it's dangerous
I'm glad you I'm glad you told me that
is my phone and look what my phone is
surrounded by huh check this thing out
look at this on indestructible by Amelia
you can't break my phone anymore
look you can't break that his phone what
are you gonna do can't break that is
wrong it's Amelia proof put on my phone
put it's Amelia proof
oh oh oh you're gonna suck and wire to a
careful
oh it's okay be really careful though
you don't want to suck up Eduardo no you
don't want a sense of a dried-out old
careful or no
Oh No putting this off
oh you're a mediator
ready
oh right you suck up on your toys okay
there you go
take your Hello Kitty oh you got it
let's go you got the whole house to do
no slacking
get to work
oh my goodness
what are you doing you are too funny
friends both of you
say bye friends see you tomorrow see
some of you on Saturday possibly well
we're gonna move Oh what why are we
moving till we're moving to Ireland
there we go lads
world exclusive apparently we're moving
back to Ireland
that's a reveal ESS but we will be in
Ireland this weekend I'm pretty excited
to go back to Ireland because apparently
it is snowing I'll see if we can try and
organise there like a little sort of
small impromptu is made up gathering
kind of thing nothing official because
otherwise it'll get way complicated and
then I mean sure oh you know so we're
just trying to do a quick like oh sure
Hammond I only stand-in outside this
place wink wink my eye
nudge nudge thanks for watchin how isn't
that the best end slate ever like
seriously somebody needs to get onto
Mattel and get the saucony Jolie Barbie
collection like it looks so good doesn't
it look so good oh my goodness everyone
looks amazing and it really actually
seats us for some reason as well oh I
would buy that Barbie set would you wait
have are we set okay go ahead
see you tomorrow bye Cheers
