it's late December and I'm counting the
sleeps wanna wrap you up good don't care
for presents are you lookin in here go
show it right now
good more name to you friends and it is
almost Christmas
well it isn't but this is the week
friends where Christmas becomes we are
getting the Christmas tree fizzy and
Lizzy are coming there they'll finish up
you don't know them to come kissing busy
busy comes first as he comes later and
XJ Xmas begins with so much stuff to do
this week to try and get everything
ready so we're ready to launch that for
you guys it's going to be amazing grace
hope today's video is going to be good
guys and you know what if you're not hit
the subscribe button hit the bell button
see you don't miss any videos guys leave
comments and hit that like button
alright if you want to huh let's get on
with the show
or if no idea what you're in store for
today what I hope it's a good one o
Christmas tree o Christmas tree
Eduardo's very stinky and smelly no I
have just received these tooth actually
I received from a while ago but probably
last week these two booklets from Emilia
basically with their school this is why
people get so confused so with Emilien
Eduardo's school they go to private
school and with their school you start
the term that you turn 3 so a lot of
people were like why are you sending
your kids to school so young blah blah
blah but like it's because with their
school that's the age that they start so
last year media was in what they call
kindergarten which is basically like a
preschool but then there's a one lower
than that which it word was in last year
Emilia never got to do that because we
didn't even know went to school like
back then and that is kind of like a
another year of preschool like a lower
year of preschool it's not a nursery
kind of is but it's more so preschool so
anyway I just got this which is from her
kindergarten like last year and she
looks so small you get these little
booklets of like I don't know worth what
are they called learning basically like
what they do and they take pictures of
that
and like then at your parents evening
they do like a whole synopsis of what
they've been getting up to and what they
need to improve on and all that kind of
stuff okay can you she looks she looks
so small
doesn't she look so like tiny so there's
a first one and then a second one
because she did a lot last year so I can
show you like a little bit this is where
she was doing about avians this is her
drawing she did her little um costume
let's see what else
reading puzzles computers that's
supposed to be a fire engine see she did
it all like she tried to do it
symmetrical but that was really cool
this is where she started to try and um
spell so leave this is where they had a
Mufti day so they got to where they're
on quotes I just wanted to show you guys
I think it's so nice to have that stuff
I've got one for Eduardo as well for
last year but I will get his probably at
the end of either at the end of this
year at the beginning of next year can't
believe how small she looks she's just
growing so so much and bearing in mind
she is older than Eduardo is right now
if that makes sense so when she went
into kindergarten she was already like
she turned for like the first week
whereas he's only three and a half the
age difference obviously there's a year
and a half between them but and there's
only one year one school year between
them but he's actually half a year
behind what she was last year do you
know what I mean so I think that's
really interesting because I always
forget that I always kind of try not to
compare them at all but you can't help
but sometimes like what was she doing
last year and it is completely different
because it does make a huge difference
when they're that small what time of
year they were born guys do you think I
have a coffee addiction
I know how Isaac so dramatic when they
come oh my goodness it's bigger than my
children look what arrived though for
our super secret project XJS miss guys
get excited okay I'm not gonna tell you
which one I'm wearing which was Anna's
wearing you can leave your guesses below
as working on the video ring spoilers
and yeah I'm gonna detect Eduardo it's
already off is it yeah remember remember
watching that video guys true anatomy
that they are just all kicking off here
that's exciting right I'm off on a
little adventure but I'm gonna give you
guys a bit of an update on a healthy
situation okay so what we came across
the other day was a possible opportunity
to purchase a very very old listed
period property it would be like a crazy
amount of work to bring it up to kind of
like modern standards and stuff like
that but if you guys had been watching
for long enough you know that I am mad
for that project living hit III would
love to do that to find like a super old
period house if it wasn't listed that
would be cool but this particular
building has historical significance so
we would have five yeah it's not yeah I
think it's like the Heritage or
something like that they'd like put
rules and stuff do you have to abide by
but it's really exciting so this is
we're working on right now very exciting
because I just I would love to do that
I've obviously insane you know and love
here - a huge project renovation of a
super old
you know Victorian or Edwardian period
property be so cool well let you know
guys fingers crossed for us okay
whatever it is just hope for us give us
hope because think of like how exciting
I would be to fill on that to film
purchasing like a listed you know in a
grade 2 listed star property and showing
the renovation from start to finish take
probably about a year will be so cool
they do you like we haven't had a good
run lady so but hopefully it works
alright oh this is our little trick
right give them a little push and these
skates but what this is what we need
Tesla need to bring out one of these I
have to hold it here do I
is that the way it works I'm not in that
hole to any other way no what do I need
to just scratch my nose quickly a little
itch my nose there oh you know those
skateboards that have the little power
supply on them imagine like a scooter
with a little power supply although that
might be dangerous you should never know
where he could end up huh you never know
where wait yes oh yeah
must be a new house while we are gonna
move to a different I was just telling
our friends about - it's exciting isn't
it yeah yeah we are gonna go in a
different house you can have a big room
and maybe even a swimming pool
yeah like mommy's birthday house very
clever Eduardo yeah I remember you
dropped your pants in the little pool
that was funny
um we're making prawn curry tonight with
rice this is the first time I'm using
this recipe this is Jamie's recipe and I
just find his recipes like the easiest
follow
it's from the 30-minute meal book which
is probably one of my favorites if not
my favorite one of his and this is the
recipe but I'm modifying it a little bit
I'm not doing all of the like cucumber
salad or the papaya platter I'm just not
going to bother with that I'm just gonna
do the rice and the prawns
all right so prawns you're cooking rice
oh when did everybody rice is done and
you just I'm gonna add the leeks in so
like there's no leaks in this recipe I
just the curry that we usually have has
leeks in it and the kids really like it
it's kind of like a alternative to
onions and the one that they really like
and they find really yummy because
they're like sweeter so yeah I'm gonna
add these in and then I'm gonna add the
coconut milk and coriander and curry
powder and curry is done mmm
I didn't have any jasmine flower to put
in this rice but it still tastes good so
now I'm gonna transfer them to here and
here I mean I was due back soon I added
in more of this mild curry powder
because I can't really add chilies like
all of Jamie's recipes involve chili
peppers but because the kids are still
small like they can't really handle
chilies and like Jonathan and I love it
but we just can't have things really
spicy so I put in more curry powder
cause it's the mild one
medium is gonna try her first after H
you ready let's chop it in there to try
it take a bite you didn't get the cream
does cream in the inside do you ah you
know what else we should try Turkish
Delight no he hated 20 their taste let
your mixing wait but he loves cereal I
love ya well to me chocolate yeah she
goes for bread crumb petunias he's not
interested in mm-hmm I'm putting he
doesn't he doesn't care for pudding
yes she's me she lives for pudding mmm
you like pudding you like the chocolate
hey leave comments guys are you it do
you like after eight are you in my team
after age our team after six is it fresh
does it taste does it taste like
toothpaste yeah it's like chocolate
coated toothpaste can try things
oh you want to try another one oh my
greeting time this is a bedtime routine
it's the first thing we do is we drop
this into Amelia and we say do some
practice reading okay I'll be back in a
minute
Vickie what I see is better almost
we ignore a little cat well soon card
did we get tonight Oh we'll get you and
your new sounds oh that's a that's a
book for a media cuz it's five a new
sound can't wait to see what that is
alright and footing Eduardo's bed I'll
see you in a minute
you believe pig evil it makes a good one
oh the Ben and Holly ones oh no way
that's the farm ones with the duck you
have to find you know with the hidden
duck what we know we'll just pour them
all out and we'll do a pick-and-mix
okay hey duardo did you know the new
Johnny Lewis Christmas add the little
boy in it has the same covers as you
isn't that cool hey wait is there a
monster under your bed
nope oh Claire whew alright let's read
this night mr. sleep back look at this
going down round two what's going on in
here what am I looking at what am I
looking at is that your journal did you
get in trouble in school oh just one hey
it's definitely not two A's is it a
secret surprise
do you know words that begin with two
A's okay okay hey hey and now you might
spell a different way because you're you
I was you know you were born you were
born in Cork in Ireland to nowhere where
was the last year born in London where
is it waterborne yeah what was mommy
born no no mommy was born in America
mommy was born in Baltimore in Maryland
in America we love life on a Saturday
night
don't fight with the grown up on
Saturday night it's not even Saturday
with the songs who still go that way
that's what you've got to look forward
to lights in your in your older age but
it's exciting it's exciting wrong you
know don't be put off by all the back
pain at O Lakes and pains and you'll be
tired forever and you know you won't
understand means the cylinders that
means you'll be excited by things like a
pea or rates and just excited things
maybe these are different different when
you're older but it's not all doom and
gloom
all righty excited excited we put in the
bins they're separating your Recycling's
Oh nosh nosh I'm giving your recycling
bin a good separation let's get inside
and eat some food is this this this
little fellow here mom it's Jackie let's
check the charts
and now I'm very excited to eat this a
meal that you have prepared for us oh it
looks good it looks good that's good
just like you baby
you know I said yeah she's got she's got
okay good my friends thanks watching
this video don't forget to click at
thumbnails or subscriptions nice the
world cuz we're one day closer to the
Beachbody now
