and media is having here Jews and it
Reuters being fed by OMA so impatient
that's why I didn't vlog until now prior
to this he was just screaming but we
have a full house Jonathan is missing
his juice the juice agency Frost even
when you take them out of the fridge
like before the night before for some
reason cuz they're fresh you're supposed
to keep them frozen and then like as
soon as you defrost them so they are
refreshed that's good about them but
yeah they just take away what oh oh oh
oh it's full of water
it's bonus water you want to think that
this much water no give me look at your
hair so every night now I've started
missing my blow dryer hair which is
getting kind of long we're looking right
it's kind of funny the way it comes down
like that what is it you two struck it's
supposed to be do you want to disconnect
you want it separated probably a catch
or something to her oh no we'll get the
rescue
you're teaching Oh everything you don't
even need the train after all
application status back yes da oh my
goodness can I come to United States
please US Customs and Border Protection
control we've applied lads in the back
funny we all had one of these that we've
got you all paddy Irishmen paddy Irish
man and ice trolls true on the slide
shake one up there like welcome home man
like welcome on your holiday sir anyway
who's excited though playlist like we're
gonna be a playlist in like almost like
20 days or something that no it's a
tense it sounded a point what date is
playlist unlike the six is something you
guys gonna play this life in Orlando
Florida will be there hi you can shake
hands
hey pictures give me our first time in
America it's gonna be cool it's gonna be
our first like meetup thing in America
we're gonna try and do another sort of
like informal metal thing while we're
there as well because I know like not
everyone got tickets to go to playlist
so you know we're in Americans who might
as well plus we're also thing I was
talking about yesterday is going to be
happening in in America you know United
States so that's pretty exciting that's
coming soon as well it's gonna be yeah
I'm really excited to meet some sort of
our US viewers you know some of you guys
I'm watching for me before years or so
and we've never ever has Sakuni Jolie's
never been to the u.s. a tough interview
asked myself as a kid like it's tough
because with most of my dad's family I
live in the US but um I haven't been
there since I've been like a sakuni
Jolie or YouTube or something so this
would be our first time meeting the u.s.
viewers so I'm really excited to do it's
gonna be so much fun she's got no bow
right go get your bow hey yo man you
going to come on where is it Charles
chose you in the castle
get out of town close the tent okay
ready go there yeah all right
bow time go time it's both time right
bring that to mommy then no matter
matter once again are you a mess on
munchkin what are you taking photos up
did you get anything a child for the
purpose for the photos all right we need
to go and get one of these jobbies into
the car because there's a whole Huli of
people I'm not I'm not joining them I'm
just driving you minkins is too many
people he's not mental like how many two
cars to bring all the people in that's
because the car seat tickets on his face
Amelia so I am bringing the kids oh my
goodness and his car is flow with the
adults
they're over there mommy's car
now we're here with the kids heat okay
wardo or doesn't like when we stand
still like some daddy's time yeah
do you prefer daddy's car mommy's car oh
you said boats which one do you like
more
thank you hey appreciate I appreciate
your honesty
all right Jen wardo you're gonna have
fun
you look so cute except growing up in
this roller we can't we leave
front-facing in the car seat to have fun
Amelia are you gonna go for lunch the
French place I don't know actually we
did that last time Oh Italian you go to
Carlitos nice not you guys every pasta
so you know like adventure thank you I
don't there is it's really good look how
cute Amelia they've got matching duffle
coat fun
and see how long a cute emedia is you
holding a minor his hands
look at the media so cute I'm ready to
assist up here
all right did some more work on my gym
plan project situation
all right so Heidi speakers and I was
amplified I'm from wired up the
amplifier with the speakers but I wanted
so that I can just grab my iPhone and
plug it in so if I have like Spotify on
if i'ma I've got my Spotify playlist
where I'm working on something on the
bike when I get packing is take the
phone talking into the amplifier and run
through the speakers and have like
pretty kick-ass sound that kinda stuff
gonna all right everything's plugged in
and hooked up got these speakers I just
put them there randomly later on if you
need something's happening alright so
let's open up Spotify Spotify oh I've
never knocked in since I got yeah a lot
of second all right we're in so you just
go to my playlist music let's get this
one running Rock tonic I've got local
files going down other steps let's get
these in the girl right work
our words
nice and why don't you on your bottom
mean good girl
yes Erica Rio is so hungry table and the
wait what are you doing
yeah I know you're hungry
we're gonna get so fast at
I love that dress on her and her
matching bows
and I love your answer to the one that
got away
despite it all you could stay I think
I've watched a thing in a long time some
of that mud all that mud tells a story I
gave it a little watch inside it's such
a beautiful machine this is beautiful
it's the heart tale attention and I was
saying on Twitter day today I was
talking about upgrading to a whole
suspension system which i think is
happening but I wanted to get the exact
same one like a coupon so it's like how
about such an adventure with these
things let's do it now watch that shiny
that is beautiful that's my new bro
quick change quick change
Wow it's a chocolate a heavy band good
chocolate brandy okay boy I was wrecking
the place I mean I had been so good
she's been bleeding me forget the big
girl look at the big baby it's a big
baby in a buggy mean your buggy you look
soaked you meanie I wanted to go in the
buggy because she's a bit tired you
should look like a little I don't know
you're not tired okay Ariana called me
to get insight on Tina's but there's
nobody here inside
there's somewhere in town somewhere but
I've absolutely no idea where
like this way it's gonna start raining
in a minute as well hey weirdo did you
have fun oh thanks I missed you too
I've come to collect you oh she's gonna
like this oh yeah would you like to hear
Eduardo laughs hysterically okay so I've
decided to get myself a full suspension
bike but I'm buying it one piece at a
time so I'm gonna start with your pedals
you're not a Johnny Cash song it's like
we did all the guy works in a car at
building factory you tell $40 $60 $60
and he's like every day he brings a
different piece of the car home and
eventually builds it plus I feel like we
got paddle slides now or missing maybe
next week okay I'll get tires know
pretty cool aren't they so when is it
match the order cube which is a similar
color also and I bought me some air
clothes when she was out today
why are those on the run he's a little
fun but would you hang this Angie
and jamas nice thank oh my me as a media
head or at dinner while ago we're having
our klutzes date by my friends my pens
media anything up come forth take a bite
say bye friends see you tomorrow
oh my goodness she's so darn cute why
twins and it why did you see that he
said bye-bye any waves
cuz I said bye bye and he's like oh I
think I weigh from someone says bye bye
so he waved ah shucks Lance daddy they
are there daddy kids hey I hope you
enjoyed today's video
how about brought a smile to your face
and I hope you enjoyed tomorrow's video
and I hope you have a good day and I
have a lot of hope hope in my heart my
heart is filled with hope I hope you
like this video I hope you took that
like button and even a nice comment but
you always do you're so good you guys
have been beasting yet ever since the
new year and I said let's make a new
year's resolution you have gone forth
and hit that like button like we're
talking like 15 to 20 thousand likes
every day on the videos that is amazing
it is amazing great you know I was
thinking we should do as many likes as
we get is how many minutes you get the
next day so if we get 20,000 likes in
this video I'll do a 20 minute video
tomorrow if we got 50,000 likes I'll do
an hour video 60 doesn't video then we
will change the game yeah as you guys
might thank good watching bye bye
