good morning friends and media's been up
since about 5:00 a.m. causing mayhem and
mischief in our lives
you've had enough sleep situation
goodbye what do you say
daddy gonna die too easy 0.2 Maxima
Boreum points MSM Osorio
Lalaloopsy so last night i organized I
organized all of the media and Eduardo's
toys and because initially back in Cork
I had these labels on like heart toys
pop-up box books and puzzles and soft
toys but it has since become
disorganized so I reorganized everything
and it'll last man 570 I came in shoes
Ollie was it look like she had new toys
they all look different yeah I have the
same thing going on here these are
Eduardo's these two are soft and this
one's hard
alright now the last either let's be
honest but it's nice for the few minutes
that it is neat and tidy fashion for
let's Giessen seems to think that I'm a
nag for asking him to put the bins out
when my all there is like later and I
always do it and he's supposed to be the
one that does that but you never do it
rawness and you always pretend here take
this to the recycling to disclaim your
conversation here xiety this is you
Andres what's up and a box don't do it
for that make sure to close it I run it
in my socks
you going to the seaside did you guys
hear that it was like Eagles oh right
okay let's clean this up are you making
a mess yeah you know let's go we could
wardo up some time for his nap time has
ended
is my hair mental well it's not that
mental so there's maybe more mentally
state alright let's go we could wire up
it technically New Year is Easter day
that's alright saying on Twitter okay
don't worry if you have no don't worry
you haven't actually done in here new
resolutions yet because New Year's
technically starts tomorrow which is
Monday you guys today first Monday of
the year that's sort of really starts go
get him hey I know how you are I know so
don't worry about it if you haven't
started your resolutions yet cuz it is
New Year's and so tomorrow so today
operation eat all the Christmas sweets
better not eat all the junk food watch
all the shows just get it out of your
system today and tomorrow we're a health
kick it is sick say yeah I'm gonna have
my 10k run then alone for my yoga class
then I'm going for my eating of leaves
and bark none of that like you happening
whenever however huh you see why though
if you are no - do you love white oh do
you like orders outfit who are the rain
there you renew or no you want to come
out wait take him out what what did you
say princess is white oh he took it off
the media play her boa - do I know
so here I'm the king Eduardo the prince
what are you I'm what's mommy very good
oh look at you understanding things like
that huh I think our wedding poses here
my 2015 look right there you know change
my lucky chair this might be where I'm
going for this year Bojangles mr.
Bojangles come back against dance dance
no Bojangles and we'll dance for you
yesterday when you were fun you just
turn the server snacks firstborn boys
together write it this Hamlet is amazing
and what it is it's marcin's
Italian herb ham it's so good and it
tastes so right we'll give you a fright
in middle I don't know and then some
muggles kids enjoying corner time you
having a good nice corner time Albert
Albert quite skittish hmm just they're
cute make it the dividend decoder right
let's get making the lunches
it's why no why'd you do that
now all the doggies are gonna get those
ones okay that's kind of gross
that you're eating in that little corner
there
that's pretty Kizzy we table kids eat we
corner I might move them anyways look
what I just found
so this was Amelia's when she was a tiny
baby and I don't know if you'll be able
to see what it says
date of birth 11 to the 9th 12 at 1624
so I need to keep that safe I have one
for you I don't a second time anyway
we're gonna turn kids oh how many kisses
make a baby you want one
dooba dooba dooba it's such a happy day
I'm singing a song in such a happy way
come on sing alone it's undeniable haha
was Malkin change of you so put a great
big smile
duarto it's finally too big for
something we're taking this thing away
we're not gonna put it in the garage or
dad says the basement for the moment but
then we'll probably drop it off some
charity shop because it's in pretty good
Nick you know but I'm he's finished
using it now because we just never put
him in it anymore because now he's on
the floor you know that's what he wants
to do go minor in the floor so I'm
taking it apart it gets part of our
sitting room back nice these things are
we so big but at it's like oh look a
little fella huh you want for so long
who's in here anyway that's a take it
apart move on the level of mistiness
tonight okay I miss theaters it's crazy
the whole entire sky is covered in mist
so misty look that's great that's Christ
you see that some the mist that could be
happening right now let's get some light
on see guys you see I'm misty and then
the light makes it even more obvious
it's crazy it's crazy lights come on
let's go inside huh little Barker it's
so pretty though at the same time isn't
it okay come on the Barkers barksdale's
Avon Barksdale
watch is going on here wine is going on
here so some a soft stuff right and
Amelia Eduardo decided to come along
here and over I think these are for
Amelia who his legs docked in are their
mommies are you sure we're very very
skinny skinny rectangular like these are
little test
I can go sneak out
okay you count your life
you doesn't immediately right-center
like a poet or Hyundai that she's gonna
like you know I am sorry might an axe
murderers like woman whoa
men yeah I would paint AG okay your ass
dope all right one last time
okay new year starts tomorrow right one
last time we ordered it separated it's
in the baking section quality control
and then this man's coming to the house
come on mister get on your bike look
worried Oh mommy's got a blinging home
hmm do you want it in again Tennessee it
matches your outfit you want to see
mommy some phone case yeah do you like
it look it's got gold it's not a you
just put it down like right today is
officially the first it's the 50 January
the first Monday of the year we're
getting down to business lights
alright no more messing about funny
enough you know what Anna went and
ordered for us last night
oh my goodness I may regret this a juice
fast thing we're on our fast they juice
detox that's all eyes do you remember
you guys been watching us for years you
guys have known we've done this a few
times and it is oh my god it's an
experience it's an experience the
beetroot water HDO detailed thing is the
worst anyway it's dude in a three-day
one within Tuesday Wednesday and
Thursday of this week
it's going to be mental so out but
that's gonna be good kickstart to the
year
quick five g's detox get rid of all the
crap that we FINA having in our system
over Christmas and then we're gonna get
down to it bringing it down and nasty
and busy check out Beachbody Lots runs
Beachbody in February
Orlando Beach it's a beaches in Orlando
oh I don't even know I never been to
Florida Lots ever in my life
it's gonna be high apparently it's hot
though like how hard is it anything
above 20 degrees No thank you I'll see
you guys tomorrow don't forget to like
the video you guys mean so good I'm
gonna liking I appreciate that and I
appreciate the thousands of comments
about fixing your drawer and so that's
see you guys tomorrow
