crunch crunch crunch crunch oh my
goodness that's it is icicle City this
morning and I have to go out in icicle
City oh so uh look at is parking here
today you could totally fit a turd car
in here huh take your little car for dad
huh oh my goodness so I I'm bringing the
dog City this morning
what I've decided to come here little
early and do the old keep the car up job
so make it nice and toasty for me when I
do eventually have to go out here nice
and toasty situation
Jared Gator it's a lot comp n so it's
okay I wouldn't do this on the side of
the road
hopefully that means it's gonna snow I
don't need it's gonna snow no I think
it's just I think it's just toying with
us
sorry the best we're gonna get you know
gonna make it snow - well that in a
freaky situation hello little letter huh
you can say bike safe my doggy friends
they have to go get a haircut
it's the last text under of the year
they get in the bath - yeah cuz today is
the last day she don't media this is the
last video we're going to make this year
sorry about it so I asked if y'all make
it on YouTube this year making those
jokes all day long is the last time I'm
getting up this year the last time I'm
bringing you guys to the groomers this
year so last time you know what they're
like in the future huh I am vlogging
from 2014
what what's it like you 2015 guys
tonight it is so cold out there that's
it
where's the bride over 100 yeah that's
right i won
he's a countryman Izzy yeah there's the
nurse and the two girls just chillin
chillin like villains Olaf Olaf is a
snowman
do you want to build a snowman do you
like your toys okay bye
oh nice it's all melted in there what
the beat is still blocked frozen
nobody's son all right this one's open
okay well just that just pop you guys in
this way you said that's cozy in there
all right he wants to pop in I help
Freddy this place looks though you like
a bit of snow or the icy kind of look at
the dawn it's so pretty isn't it the
silhouette are the trees and stuff huh
well this is pretty much the last time
I'm coming here this year
oh no I have to check them later don't
make that joke yet look at the horses
over there well they've got cold time
are you guys going
dear people is proposing teepees the pre
haircut proof using teepees nuts
oh my again except for hands look at a
mountain zone so car let's sell car
we're in preparation well because it's
actually hard cuz I can't look I keep
going like this like lifting the other
one off oh yeah see what's going on we
do have a family planner do you want
that as well
maybe next year we make a family planner
calendar one or we could make one of
each like yeah so you have an option of
like a fad because you know this one is
our family planet one you know this
distance a Kula has everyone seen him
now I did yeah bytom so we showed him
all the pictures okay
no we showed him one teacher month Oh we
show you the new picture all right no
but I now I'm going so what'd you guys
think of my OTD for going out to the
post office this is my new coat from
rice just got off the label this is my
Christmas present to myself it is nice
though like okay it looks really plain
on this in the mirror because you can't
really see cuz it's black but maybe I'll
put like a picture on my blog or
something I don't know but I really like
it do you like mommy's new coat
so it is they got no tree oh yeah cuz
I'm done protecting I'm okay Ebola
Anatole okay I mean yeah why do you have
a Christmas decoration in your bag you
can't bring that you bring it back bring
it back yes I do like this lever turn oh
yes oh nice okay let's get your coat and
your hat and your scarf and everything
on look at this isn't mine he's a big
man now huh
so was popping out of the old car seat
gonna have to take the the baby thing I
said huh big man big man on campus saw
because I was looking online at the
recycling centers for the Christmas tree
and then I realized that I started to
make a fire and then I was like and last
night I was looking for a fuel for the
fire and then I thinking I have a tree
in my house that I have to get rid of
just want to just chop up the tree and
essentially use it as like Kindle for
the fire boom make a paper lumber man or
something
we just need a little sauce so I can
chop it up what do you want you want
another present you get another present
on your birthday which is only January
February March April May June July
August September
hey it's daddy's birthday soon you
excited for daddy's birthday you can get
daddy a present a Cena's worth day Oh
see this birthday is a while away I
think it's daddy's next dance scene I
think then I'll be mommy's birthday is
around the same time as Amelia's
birthday
it's a Dwyer girl's birthday soon enough
he'll know I know so and it's in the
post office somewhere hopefully
hopefully not too long what we gotta go
just saw that I went with I went with a
eleventh each 12-point hardpoint no idea
what all that means
well it look like cameraman lads I got a
saw like a proper man Marlowe freelance
you gonna help me cut down a tree oh
okay
we have a situation I know send help
so pretty we're in like nowhere forest
it's really weird
oh I couldn't get a brand in the corner
and I was like look we'll just we'll
make it up as we go along lads no we're
going the right way we just have to
basically do like a massive loop chewy
forest
yeah it's really nice that's it pretty
we're like on the opposite side of our
part to walk it takes 18 minutes why I
wouldn't use it when I chewed apart yeah
hi wardo where does the weight weight is
away here's you Amelia are you driving
should I be scared
probably not to be honest that's
probably better driving now yeah look at
my nails
the state of my nails need to do them
tonight okay don't do anything crazy now
don't touch anything
careful cuz imagine the car started
moving then we'd be in trouble wouldn't
we worried oh when we were - how's your
teeth coming along show me your teeth
give me your teeth oh let's do these
Heidi can't believe you're 16 hi what
all of us want closed for renovations on
2 January are you
actually for real yeah I just walked in
painters no that's just like Oh No
after all of them no idea into okay
yeah hi you need to get back in your car
seat now
yeah sorry no lunch okay okay I'm doing
what making that joke now I'm ready to
make lunch hey what are you doing what
are you done here your arms getting too
long it's got a fare sweet rides don't
don't
I'll see your game oh you see you again
all right come on for the rest of the
year be a good lad
will you be a good lad progress via a
media it's after your brother that's
what we had you first is Monty eating it
oh no where's Monty nuts is that
munching for their Monty upstairs yeah
yeah how do you eat the pizza dough as
Monty gonna need the pizza no first it
brought us joy and happiness then it
brought his presents and never bring us
lunch it's a good tree huh this is
actually working out we do well look
really really good it's blocks
sorry don't you can see oh it's hard
going but this is a really good idea you
should totally do it well you need a
fire you gotta fire totally contain a
tree jump it up wrists like the lean-to
tree
the gang's all back everybody can't see
any difference yeah as they were when we
first dropped them in but they look
different and they shorter hair hey guys
please oh no little pretties you know
there were three knees
oh okay we're going we're going we're
going I hear rumors that new we didn't
go peepees the horses over there okay go
peepees guys deer peepees
come on copy peas we're not getting into
the car till I see peepees I want to see
60 Peas
tada this mystery
this one tears well that's really nice
so ever notice when you do move the tree
oh it's like so much space in the house
so look what we have here tonight we
have this is ready to go and then look
we got Lincoln we got a couple of good
logs like this is that's like a full
night that's a full go and there's a
couple other good logs in here like so I
know is it pretty good pretty good haul
that's my wood fire hall and then I
guess not gonna take long we're just
chasing right in there cuz it actually
makes a good fire lighter and then Sao
Paolo you having a snack Oh issue is
this knocking explode last eight here
beds nice tomorrow he says he got
prepped out tonight okay nice the town
looks on the lights and stuff it's so
pretty
you've returned full of food turn on the
light
thank you haha loads being on in there
how are we prepared for me nope
nothing has been prepared jeepers why is
the table set huh Miz has stopped
working we have to change out the bulb
and stopped actually working quite a
while ago and it didn't really matter if
I shouldn't really care for anymore boy
needs water has her one or he is an open
wound and she's been asking us to gonna
fix heroin so I got the bulbs they're
crazy looking a little bulbs and you
have to like unscrew the whole device
support the main are tiny little things
but not that weird I like chrome really
weird bulbs maybe they generate heat to
make the thing turn around or some that
what she's doing in the bad so you can
now start the new year with a broken
bull glass you ready to see you ready
where is it do you love it do you love
it hey you know me as one - do you love
it yeah you don't need to get a share
you know you've had this for like two
years
you love it if you guys follow me on
Twitter I hope you are thoroughly
entertained by my tweet last night
during the New Year's celebration oh I
am I am a dad I am I would my goal in
life my 2015 goal is to be the Phil
Dunphy of the International thank you so
much for watching this video and thank
you so much for 2014 if you guys are new
here if you've been here for four years
you've been here for one year whatever
you're welcome
I thank you very much for joining in on
this adventure that we're having I don't
know what 2015 is going to bring you
don't it you know you guys are amazing
and this year I really want to meet
loads more people and hopefully we're
gonna do that
you know we've got like a couple of
American things coming on this year just
cool our first time ever in America it's
coming up this year oh my goodness it's
gonna be epic and I wore you because I
don't even got things to do and you know
you've got videos to like clearly you've
got the present you know you've got
things to press comments to leave busy
day ahead your videos to re-watch and
then of course in the description bar
you've got the other four videos if you
want to see we did this time last year
for the last four years don't forget to
check that back
see you tomorrow why
