we get it Santa Claus come hey Dad give
hmm what's all this
okay okay did Santa Claus come and give
you loads of stuff my friends it is not
that bad actually
what Oh cereal kinder oh that's an egg
yeah Kinder Surprise egg can't get the
Santa Claus yeah hat Cena
listen see see those back from Helen was
open and she caught Hinton's got her
treat and she took it outside and ate it
by yourself are you having a nice
healthy and nutritious breakfast this
morning
mom ha control you having a ginder
breakfast the chocolate breakfast
yum yum how is that nice what happened
whoa daddy I knew Christmas pajamas yeah
hey wardo I can turn the clothes calm I
got an egg
our God knows his stuff did you show him
what about a car huh time to eat his
cupcake Oh
you drank the milk the Rangers in their
photos reindeer made of man he harder he
what's the hottest Vil are you gonna
open it is it safe for Amelia is for
Amelia do you need help yeah
don't know what Santa Claus is upset
when he tied this one what is it what is
it boys it's time to get you what ya
excited
open please whoa what kind of hot that
okay but Eduardo can have his presence
all right he's she's so pretty and hola
- we go it off and here bro she stands
Wow ready
Vicky is off of the hairbrush oh how
he's opening presents no the wrapping
paper
No or give Eduardo we give it white
let's let's see what it wardo got from
Santa Claus yeah I know
why no what you can this is it for you
al deal
that's not know I'll be Marley yeah oh
that's nice
look at that one it's disappointing I
know
yeah move on move on okay one another
present
oh you're welcome
will we open it up what is it yeah make
sure to open it fully you know what is
it it won't make sense what 10 o'clock
took one bite Oh Jackie friends got
something at the gingerbread house Wow
get some Lego okay aha yeah what's this
guy okay listen
where's that toy where's that toy the
toy for go on retriever oh okay
these days she still was like scissors
where is Elsa no okay
he loves her there we go okay a media ad
wireless sent it open another one Wow
cars blow car set look wanted whale hey
yeah we can open it
well let's not open everything
doc McStuffins Wow doc mcstuffins set
that it says trainee press the button do
you love it
Wow you going to eat him check your ears
secure check Daddy's ice check that his
eyes white oh right Oh fight your way to
their animals oh it's a car you love it
yeah yeah this is so cool pío pío its
drop the middle like piranha okay then
doobies are you actually able to open it
first part as part of that surprising I
suppose the noise in this room right
yeah did you check on these ears yeah
lucky thing mmm Ori sing in Hanson's in
Bop oh thank you
happy Christmas I Oh what are you doing
Barbie movie wearing this testicle
stethoscope playing with the eldunari
though with a belly full of chocolate
huh happy Christmas Happy Christmas
brother sleep okay 11:20 engage the
turkey lads look at this bad boy
Oh gonna be tasty time 11:20 we have you
know a while we'll call it a while I
don't even remember look we're actually
I went to all of my coffees this morning
not really it says oh my goodness she
was not bad though what's not bad
could have been worse thought it would
be worse okay get you in here friend oh
I'll see you in a while crocodile
I feel like a Jedi Knight Jedi Knight
just baked turkey filled with bacon and
lemonade I like lemonade look at this
beautiful device here
in here we got the old potatoes painful
potatoes on the go and we are beasts in
half one lads half an hour's dinner time
whoo you excited are you expecting in
the floor did you destroy anything that
a fart oh no thankfully the doggies
don't appear to have noticed
we're all very busy over here see yeah I
know but look at this look at how he's
sharing his bed with the penguin I knew
I knew we needed to practice yesterday
look what we made
what yeah I will put the flower on this
way
luckily made look at this incredible
invention huh
Oh put it in here with the other flower
oh no oh no all right there's still more
pieces is that all the pieces oh media
and media she's distracted by this
Christmas for them is that all the
pieces there anymore
Oh
Oh Christmas dinner
Oh Christmas dinner he's making that
much meat I'm gonna double dinner Double
Down you think it'd look good yeah the M
we did the tester last week and everyone
survived or whatever my family is here
so we just basically did it again
YUM except we don't just share this time
come here
doc mcstuffins he coming to have some
dinner did you choose wisely do you
remember one of the hardest choices on
Christmas is the order of which to
consume the selection box mia has chosen
wisely
she started with the buttons you know
she tried to give this away to our dough
which I tell that I was a mistake I was
cute huh - probably got most of it
riders won anyway
my dentures all like water no these are
mine the entities are mine right oh yeah
let's get them down but do you remember
the decision I remember being tormented
going for why don't you like like
surgery fudge fun let's stay in there
till the end or do you eat that first
because you know it's the worst look do
they still do wibbly-wobbly wonders our
curly wurly honey buddies do you want to
tell your friends what you did see you
hmm so and I know a new MacBook right
which has the card slot over this side
yeah I noticed looking for ages to try
and find where you put the card in and
then I realized it's already other side
and then I'm trying to get pictures off
this laptop onto that job and it got
confused I put the guard in to one side
disc thing I tried to like this are you
trying to get the files at a laptop are
you just I need to get the file - you
are like them with their you're such a
monkey brain like look it I can see it
there do you jam it in like yeah cuz it
wasn't thinking oh it's not going in I
might as well just Ram it in Plus wasn't
used to an airdrop between the two
laptops mate you don't even need to do
this like putting this into a disk area
monkey eats you there monkey the help of
this knife I managed to get it ash
hello Eduardo are you having a good
Christmas are you having a good
Christmas time are you having a good
Christmas time climbing all over fossa
climbing on Pascha climb climb climb
higher Oh
wardo satyr bar no sabotaging it also
made a castle and I go and somebody came
and destroyed our castle is the greatest
calcine in the world was the castle
good-looking just standing on dad just
climb up dad willy-nilly willy-nilly
willy-nilly willy-nilly willy-nilly
willy-nilly willy-nilly say well Italy
she would you really went out like that
hey Merry Christmas poo poo pants bingo
bells jingle bells jingle
oh I bought it I don't want her selfish
nice Oh Eduardo smells Oh Eduardo run
away Oh
bonk did you survive heads made in the
metal
yeah I wouldn't had oh hey you know
drivers taking over and right our soda
in the camera
don't eat my table locate our friends
and a little it didn't get it in it and
did it our heads didn't turn in he's a
superhero a superhero faster than a
speeding but slower and something runner
superhero superhero
all right we're having pudding when I
say we I'm having a little baby pudding
and it was having mince pies so when
Rose cream rise and in stolen my
dressing out and is murdering the dogs
in it same kids are in here hi guys
watching the elf
good choice alright we gonna save my
friends
did you have a nice Christmas say Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas bye bye say
bye bye yeah it's so cute you're so cute
word Oh Bart a lot today I hope you
enjoyed our Christmas presentation I
hope it was festive I hope
good moon I hope you enjoyed the
selection box while watching our video
and uh yeah
tis the season to be jolly lads tis the
season to be sick only Jolie huh you
really did there huh
anyway give us a know like second
Christmas lads and in all comment I got
festive Commodore who is that anyway is
that is that onedirection or something
they look kind of like cool and snazzy
snazzy Stevens anyway thanks for
watching this video um I will see you
guys tomorrow
Zoli a day Oh way bye
