good morrow good morrow it's tomorrow
time it's freezing cold time thank you
Anna
you're waiting for a package that has
not arrived yet
surgeries our movie screen hi did it
right
it'll be all right it'll be all right
nice walk walk of annoyance
I like your walk of annoyance this is no
escape
hello Santa Paws I had to clean this
morning i vacuumed the whole house I did
yeah yes yep
hole has Christmas clean extension yeah
of course the whole house that's how I
roll
professional Hey ughter squirt Squidward
doggy friends who's here
he's hell in here huh calm down calm
down
they're gonna got her present right look
the present is in its doggy wraps the
donkey paper look we have them all
dressed inside the fuzz everyone else
and I'll be has the original Santa Paws
yeah stinky feet what's that songs Jack
be nimble stinky sock Jack be nimble
stinky puddle you are such a little
nicer we have little designs underneath
here
I'll go first I'll go first ready
hey yeah you gotta make the noise you
got a cup a cup nice oh don't drop that
in the teeth oh yeah oh yeah might
actually do you work them around
oh I've mixed the green in it and you
eat them afterwards or something you
gotta make the noise and media ready you
need to make the noise I know what I'm
making
well okay look I think I think I figured
is that do you put this stuff on it no
all right okay all right
put your hand in it yeah okay put your
hand in the pain medium isn't like
getting our hands messy this is a good
move forward
cuz we did that out what the thing
called the cornflour she was having none
of it
put your hand flat in the paint put your
hand all the way in in the paint put
your hand in the paint all the way and
wash your hand down look fresh in hand
then look like this yeah and then lift
it up and then put it here whoa no don't
put in another page so we're actually
just manually dropping off Christmas
cards to our friends because we missed
the deadline we got most of them done in
time but we missed your deadline so run
manual mode Christmas miracle
yeah that floating and I pulled in us I
got all new half-and-half image a lot of
pressure
he's like there's no way to park think
about right on the high street boom
which you got two hours free drum room
like stay for two hours don't return her
yes Dave for two hours don't return for
two hours or one that order something
that I don't know what I understand her
work now what seasons me home oh car I
wondered is that guy Michael actually
drink course would that be funny
you ever meet him you should offer him
some Coors Coors Light Michael Kors life
doesn't matter doesn't matter in my mind
I have gone and done that even you guys
know Mike of course get more correlation
it's Christmassy all right it's fun
isn't that's all camouflage I know
toddler age is another one you did not
cool okay cool mom
we've changed now never-ending Christmas
for some people
let's get that yeah yeah oh my goodness
we just beat the rain huh spots free
just started raining all right let's see
if we can come on Christmas spirit and
all that lads
lettuce house let this house hello get
off get off no I spend all our money on
wrapping paper this year brillo pads
this giant box rides I'm like what the
hell of that Oh
wrapping paper hey I think unless you
made it are some sort of gold or actual
real hearts and real reindeers or
something okay
for our cupcakes what what waiting for
our cupcakes all right this is a new
toasty we're just gonna plop this in
here look at this bad boy wrapped in
bacon again ready for Christmas Day my
friend it's already it's time to take it
out so you know it's almost dinner time
honey a couple of days to go all rise no
way
that is actually cool all right
oh my god yeah insane don't break it
it's like alive
what happened did you put your
yeah it's gonna go into oh yeah so
already you had this toy like five
minutes
oh my gosh what are you doing look way
too late are you can you even see it oh
you can't even make it out on this
there it is don't let it break you're
ready to catch it yeah okay okay best
present ever right so we're making some
Christmas cupcakes
aemond filled white Christmas cupcakes
and they actually do have a filling
so this time I'm gonna use these cupcake
cases because they're white with little
snowmen on and it beats 24 so hopefully
if I get these done on time I can give
some to our dog walker heaven I have
bought some little giveaway like call
them cupcake boxes and then I got this
three-tier cake stand so it's all nice
and crispy and then that way because I
just realized afterwards that we didn't
actually have anything to give Santa so
yeah
I need to sort that for like when you
leave stuff it for him you know in the
reindeer and everything that's kind of
important all our cookies have been
eaten so I needed to make something for
him look at our Christmas tree stand how
cute is that for our cupcakes it's so
festive I have another one in pink but
to be honest this is way nicer mmm
that looks nice and fancy look at well
they rose good job
pretty festive yeah here let me get that
for you it looks amazing this one didn't
quite let the run to the pack
okay but we have to be quick okay all
right so we are going to bring a
helicopter outside cuz it's nice and
dark but this helicopter has like lights
and it's just like it's crazy disco
light system built into it okay we need
to be nice and dark okay so let's put
the hell you got Stern let's turn it on
hold on right let's get it ready okay
okay ready
Oh careful careful over two feet from
this way all right wait wait wait for
light come up with light buff ready over
here
over the grouper
haha is it fine
how cool of a right this is so much fun
how cool would it be if we could like a
tie right tomorrow's goal we're gonna
see if we can sell tip the GoPro
underneath this thing
and look it has a turbo mode we'll put
on turbo mode let's see if we get this
thing to fly wide okay say bye friends
see you tomorrow can you say that see
you tomorrow
alright let's go you ready
it is the best present I've ever got in
my life it is so cool it's just like a
simple little thing but that's fatty toy
it's so difficult to control but when
you suck in the hang of it it's so clear
well watch cartoons in a minute because
it's Christmas Eve it's the eve of the
Christmas lights how excited are you
guys for tomorrow oh my goodness I hope
you've been all good nice not naughty
Corden wanna get on the naughty list
wake up to the psychic all although a
sack of coal if you had one of those
coal burning fires it wouldn't be the
worst thing in the world yeah is that
did everyone get that we are young aware
told you get a sack of coal is that like
the norm is that what everybody gets or
like leave comments let me know what
happens if you're naughty or nice did
you get like GI has anyone ever gotten a
sack of coal I'll beyond hmm
anyway thanks for watching today's video
don't forget to give it a no Christmas
Eve like huh huh and if you don't
celebrate Christmas how about just is
December 24th like what's that that's a
piece of Lego that you appear to have
broken fantastic I'll see you guys
Martinez fortune okay bye say bye
friends say bye friends bye hat haha
