captain Amelia take it off it's okay
though
I got it you guys saw my snapchats used
in the yesterday media I'm captain daddy
daddy's some sort of a pirate
what's that is half a cowboy yeah howdy
partners
Teddy cowboy I like your shirt you look
like a cowboy cowgirl sorry
Oh everyone asleep for about the
helicopter is the helicopter asleep Oh
sleepy helicopter at night nine
helicopter are you gonna paint your
hands today
yeah wait that was the biggest Christmas
trunk in the world on the 23rd of
December 22nd of December December 22nd
in December it's gonna be mayhem though
mayhem a Mentalist normally we got the
mikado
which is like the liver sin but they're
all booked out till next year so we need
to we need to go into it memory a manual
one but there's no way you can bring the
kiddos but they're all kind of like 76
also another sad news this shirt is
almost too big for her this could be the
last time you ever seen this shirt I
love that shirt that's right on you
Minnie's Bowtique
yes Minnie boutique she's me
hey mediant you know what you guys
thought of any twitter you already know
this but guess where we're going on
February immediate we're going to Disney
that
she's know this man is gonna playlist
it's on the official play the science
it's official actually going as far as I
know Disneyland is next door so we're
hitting up disney land
mm-hmm you don't understand we're going
to meet Minnie Mouse in real life
let's get you Christmas first doesn't
don't even look really nice tonight
I think yeah I like how you snowed that
bullet but I paired it with the jeans
well no you just know you put on the
jumper
oh I paired the shirt with yeah exactly
I knew - something about pairing very
night so we are going to the post office
for the millionth time except I you've
been there a couple of times have you
okay
but it's just cuz we were there for so
long I felt like you know four years
there isn't
last time we keep like half an hour is
by trying to thank him
but anyway if you go there then I have
to somehow conjure up some stockings for
the kids I should actually just start
knitting or something
I thought we'll get them in the town I
don't know that's the thing about you
Canada we live in it's like when you go
into Central or a Bluewater something
like that you know it's like you get all
the big brands and so for that even
though in our town you can buy all those
brands but well all the shops are like
they're like you know individual teams
throw up your cheeks and it's like
they're owned by a person there's no
real big franchises yeah
that's why it is like no Nando's here
there's not really any of those guys I
like that about to town because it feels
like we live in a little village but yet
it's not a little village it's kind of
cool so I think you'll probably find the
stockings and it kind of like Etsy
penance I hope so also Jonathan is only
way of getting his popcorn is to buy a
train ticket I like this very particular
popcorn peppercorn proper popcorn yeah
you're like yeah yeah I don't like them
caramels or dollars or something to do
with a boy and mostly shopping centers
they only sell oh that's in England
sweet and salty is like so huge here
never you know basically just the red
popcorn or the blue popcorn yeah the GZ
1 or the salted what that's it lads
well like you can get are the ones but
it's just not as big here like sweet and
salty is like massive which by actually
like it but Jonathan doesn't join its
own proper corn if you're watching
Jonathan like a shipment I'm like ok ok
made parts and I doesn't know how he did
it
where'd you say
sony people yeah so packed had to go
around like I like your Park at any spot
I want this okay
right where we going both office either
way you're doing decide that we're
walking tired in the wrong way okay
yeah and quick turns room and we're back
again hi hi there okay 70 percent up
these ones they're cute oh yeah it looks
like cat kits in type of style look it's
like Gandalf or Santa Claus
I like this that's cool oh look it's
kind of like homemade-looking
this is a bad what about this one and
the gray one
no hi I'm not kind of cool like along we
need a sin T 1 we need a y at the end
Castro says to me all right
we are doing the Christmas shopping in
that supermarket shopping ok these
fellas here look at the signs of these
things and he got like a few of them
though
these guys they kind of like normal size
potatoes
I'm a-gonna you know they don't stomp
things for a paint yeah all right I
couldn't decide which ones to get so em
leave it come what's your favorite the
categories hero factories roses or the
qualities I putting aside so I go on the
beach let's see which ones left over at
the end of Christmas I'm imagining while
the streets you never know it could
change me change my expectations so this
is a nice side of the trolley my side
after Charlie Christmas prices run nice
and funny mr. Kipling jellybeans today
great job boring so in this 705 got a
six-pack for the family gets an 8 pack I
want equality equality for all
it's not fair got toffee popcorn we got
sweet and salted we got chocolate
popcorn see how grand sweet salt it's in
a plastic toffee variety
look the only way I can buy a little bit
by a selection box I can get the little
ones what kind of light have Norma
popcorn please
was there tiles so money to stand up for
assault
popcorn eaters jimmer guys I used to
make the light Grosso needs to make him
talk and subs remember noise you'd help
me make it good
hello much that was so funny but back in
the old days I can get over space the
old days now we're like oh yes so I know
we're not really talking about potty
training and stuff but Amelia had a big
milestone today I'm so proud of her what
was it big milestone we're very
well we're not we talking a fighter
training but just knowing yeah big
milestone today little girl I'm so proud
of her second book there it is there the
doorstep - it's a follow-up to the point
in this book okay so this is all
basically for Eduardo could you imagine
if you had like four or five boys yeah I
could why don't eat so much thankfully
Amelia doesn't want to eat food anymore
okay she lives on air and I crusts I'm
not sure what just happened but it was
amazing the guy just came up to us we're
puttin trolley and he's like I'll take
after you ma'am anyway yesterday's team
was the Christmas clean today's team is
the Christmas shop what's tomorrow's
team she's looking at me yeah I'm going
I better go but that's no time to talk
serious oh my goodness look what
happened here
that's Amelia's hands and feet yeah me
too busy kisses you say that Amelia and
Eduardo okay so I may have gone a little
overboard with the old chocolate
situation and he's but I was like I need
a frosted Frankie any of pudding and
Christmas cake offensives and first a
friendiy and I couldn't decide and then
like the kidneys selection boxes is
really important in Christmas and then I
need something good to go we're putting
it all make sense
almost perfect sense to me for top but
top
check out this festive Jovi's toasty or
cream cheese and salmon
it's a special trophy so for this winter
we also have the stuffing and Turkey won
but they're so loud at the moment they
actually do you set up for jokey's
toasties like i'm you know we could do
like a pop-up joking's toasty thing I
like I mean up when happy cool Oh
I need UPS to be able to have like a
joke he's toast he's got like you could
go in and you can get and I could like
probably get someone proper to come in
and make them put like Collin Joey so
he's got like we could make up the
topping that did the fillings and stuff
so I'll be kind of fun let's mark that
one down huh a goal for 2015
okay so we're going to I'm gonna go get
some dog food and some dog beds because
the dogs are out of food they have
actually no food left and I wanted to
get some beds for them for Christmas
right one here hats at home I made it I
did not
jumpers for the boys and then these
things for the girls I'm even sure what
they are I think they're dresses but
that would be so cute I just have to
make sure there's enough and then I went
to pick it off your stocking for Santa
Claus yeah you know put there for Santa
Claus oh look at you oh this game cuz na
mrs. Claus
Bianca Claus yeah these are tio and I'll
be tou oh look so cute on Christmas
young man what are you doing what are
you doing young man
you remember when Amelia was at that age
she would like pull herself she said
tomorrow has where the TV was underneath
it was all the cards and she put all the
cards and Rodan everywhere well it's
like the bones is at that same age and I
know you think no I am not letting my
child play with a plastic bag situation
but for a minute you can have a little
bit of fun yeah you got one Oh cause it
wired I was like I don't know if you
guys get this from the love @cc in play
today but he's yeah he's definitely I
got to the imagination and interest I
don't know if it's just boys or
something Amelia was like that you know
she'd be interested on one thing and she
would like keep her interest in the one
thing where is this little ragamuffin
he's interested in everything at the
same time while eating while looking at
something while laughing while touching
while grabbing while playing while
pulling you are a little boy huh but I
was like that as a kid - yeah so this is
my punishment
oh you just like that huh your finger
stuck in there keep your finger your
finger stuck let me get that way oh nice
nice moves roll there
tonight we dine like Shepherds eating a
pie in a cottage Shepherds potage guy
everyone has a plate these days there's
some poeple enjoy either
hey hey you wanna see my laundry laundry
who wants this pile you mister man or
making an awful racket in here huh I
mean yeah are you excited to eat the
Shepherd of pie cottage okay come on
mister I know you want to eat jingle
bells jingle bells what are you saying
jingle poo hey are you saying jingle
poo-poos jingle bells
Emelia smells Edoardo ran away I'll be
on t yo got new jumpers today Oh jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way
jingle what are you doing
are you putting earrings on dad
are you putting earrings on me all right
let's we've reached the end of today's
video
don't put that there
what what are you putting down there to
eat your butt sometimes I like to put
you in my tum tums I like to put you
okay okay good bye friends welcome back
to aquire toes tummy it's been a while
friends I have missed you I've been very
lonely in here although it does seem to
be an endless supply of food pushed in
here with me oh hello there alpha bites
oh it's a banana there's lots of bananas
in here and mandarins he does eat quite
a lot for such a little boy I will say
that Merry Christmas if I don't speak to
you before Christmas that's a very
Christmassy Ensley I'm not sure how I am
able to see the end stage those good
Wi-Fi inside of dis belly I think it is
very handy anyway hit the like button
friends just as Christmas spirit even
nice comment and I will see you again
soon
goodbye
