oh gosh oh and why does pajamas we're in
the shop peanuts how did you get into a
wireless bed again how did you get into
are those bad meetings and his writers
betting in this morning so don't we need
to do we need to see a she does it
hey that's good what are their train
yeah their estimates downstairs I know
she's got it she's welcome - yeah last
night this morning how did you get in
did you climb on a table I want to eat
what can you say I'm a little monkey can
you say all right mate Alfie nobody else
yes that's the secret way to talk to
someone I'll be alright we go downstairs
he has been changed yes come on Albie oh
hi guys imagine my voice is this deep
and I spoke like this all the time I've
got some help with editing the videos
maybe I'm just making a whole lot easier
I just I think GSU - the second editor
unsecured Joey Bloggs tree introduce
yourself correction and three cuts
because sometimes Jonathan well you know
he makes mistakes so I like to come in
here now I'm sorry if you don't put
to show you know Cretan narrative you
know so the story has good continuity to
take overall vision that I found you
know I actually been on YouTube a bit
longer to Jonathan so I can help them
with the direction sometimes they're so
dirty
there's so dirty it so much but nope so
Caroline pirates gave us all some
amazing sound like not samples she's not
well they're all like full-size products
but like you know products to try out
like goodie bag kind of things at the
Christmas party and this is my bathroom
by the way welcome but I put everything
into it saw like a really good stuff and
I I put everything in my bathroom
cabinet last night just because I wanted
to see like what it looked like is my
bathroom cabinets usually like three
things and that's it and look it has
never looked this cool in its entire
life like I am I was just like freaking
out last night and I was putting like so
I usually put like extras in here like
backup stuff
and Jonathan was like no put them on so
it looks really good like like three for
like three two backups of this I've got
three of them and then I got two of them
and I just have like so much closed off
the thing is I actually don't know what
happened no majority of these do I know
what like three of the things to that's
about it so I'm kind of just like
overwhelmed but it looks cool though how
cool is that
Emilia Capasso
Picasso top hats off Kapaa so you're an
artist like a paso you get a paint and
you gonna paint you gonna paint oh my oh
it looks just like Alma you know Jordan
when I did that when I was little my
parents put like they framed up no like
it was a big it must've been like two
big ones and they framed them and they
happen like in our house in Baltimore
they are so cute you're so cute looking
at difference you mean is hand in mine
it's crazy
Hogan's look at the magic box wow
there's so much stuff oh my goodness the
clothes aren't stuff so cool I don't
even know what these aren't like scoop
brushes glue sticks eyes yeah it's not
mayonnaise that many election is not
here could you put some sparkles and
betters on yeah we made it white yeah
yeah white in a white paper mm-hmm it's
just what you needed
daddy wardo okay you guys gonna behave
yourselves you guys gonna behave
yourself who's in charge
daddy's in charge
how are those in charge why don't you
head why does give me a hug clean it
yeah
love give me a kiss
not a block me of course of course
okay we have a plan lads all right I'm
gonna sneak off and get on this present
don't let her know
yeah and it's going to these two John's
Wilhite then I would that's okay
alright it's okay I'm not gonna plug
your present no because too many I know
the only way to do that is go Christmas
Eve shopping and that's knobbing no way
Jose so I'll see you back here no no you
have your phone I'll call you
yeah okay you can't watch the vlog
tomorrow
point joking they would pay patio yeah
okay bye
Yankee Candle store so we're getting the
wrapping done where you go you don't
know what knows what it is but if Anna
comes here later on to get something
wrapped we have spies now we spy for the
inside but there we go it's not very
heavy it's a bit light so you know
playing out that good okay I almost been
terribly wrong I walked around and I
miss my age and then I got lost and I
can't remember how I was doing
there's the old car over there I made a
back undetected somewhere not building
which is so big but I did watch you're
just it's coming to Starbucks perhaps
children is amazing we should have done
it sooner I don't know we just got some
scratching win scratching tuned in we
got some the stretch we got a key or
something
Jonica put pressure on me and I just got
an American
another one
talk to me now I'm a loser
learn get an immigrant my fingers
let's just call yeah we had our fill we
are now going to pay the bill
oh do you want a dinghy I couldn't see
getting name of the thing today you know
I ruined it I ruined everything
anyway we're going to try and fight in a
Disney Store because for Disney reasons
Disney does it yeah did you go five
minutes present on that
no overnight am I too old for that I
probably am let's be honest I found it
difficult making the advent calendar a
little Star Wars figures I struggled so
we're in pink shopping I just found that
you can take a photograph of your phone
on the side think she does know that am
I the only person didn't know that I'm a
Content that I might have been the only
president cuz I always like taste a
little button for Giacomin it and you're
doing some like mad sort of like
movements I fast gatta but she didn't
order thank you we get a media like a
princess dress just to wear in house
they're so cool
yeah Jonathan you are like it's not oh I
don't get an anaphor business oh it's
just to close it
okay what is the deal I am picking the
one now I'm putting my foot down
he's putting its like that do you guys
think that trailer for the new college
it's a new Pixar Disney movie and it's
like it's all subconscious and the data
in a table that's like I'm putting up
like that that's it you press the foot
cam button anyway how dare you okay
I'm taking Eduardo's toy I feel like as
a boy I know what he wants we did it we
got everyone's presence right except for
one person did you like how did I end up
carrying the bag with my own president
in a car the car parking so yeah this
year is Christmas Christmas I it's
because it's because we have two
children as well what are you doing it
when you go China we got a real tree
when you go to a stage of life becoming
in adults in that stage you for coming
out all the way in to have children
Christmas is kind of a different spirit
I mean kids it like it brings the whole
magic of Christmas alive again yeah I
feel like we talked about I believe we
are home and a lot for Amelia and
Eduardo did today
that's Amelia's little hand and we're
gonna bake it in the oven and make it
hard and look there's a little foot oh
do i meaning to try to dois rios hand
but he just kept stealing all the dough
and eating it and not only that but
amelia is Jaxy Amelia's first piece of
art her gran art you ready for this whoa
that is like you can see the depth of
the journey the narrative Wow the arc
the character archetypes division it's
amazing there's no really cool though
that's pretty cool and then look this is
a Dwyer those little hands
and the media times there anything
somewhere to go did you have a fun day
did you have a fun day really just run
over to me and she said daddy if you
make for daddy
tears over here look because I mean it
or no let me see yeah she's came home
she's like I got this for you I made
this for you
I know that's a signature yeah it's so
cool
I heard her when she was doing it and
she was like yeah well it's such a fun
day yeah
obsessed now look what Oh careful heart
oh yeah Oh help
why would you be a danger mouse okay
let's go it's your feet up underfoot up
ready
well hold on
baby we're driving we are making Nucky
right
everyone likes naki I'm not the biggest
fan of hockey I was gonna eat my kids
hands and feet that's gonna in the oven
broiler India tomorrow so I'm just gonna
throw in a couple of super green
sausages but I'm just gonna grill them
for myself and then I'll mix them into
my naki and it'll be kind of like
Jamie's you know that one am proper
blokes pasta which is like the sausages
now there is fennel seeds and similar
stuff in that I'm not which I'm not
going to add place the girls and Eduardo
are having naki dad is having some smosh
nene backing the sausages snuffed me
license likes not know what he's not and
it's not gonna FaceTime him on there
because then not because this is really
funny so i was trying to buy me a
present or buy me a Christmas present
and she ordered it my Amazon I use
Amazon Prime right cause it's like so
good for like Next Day Delivery anyway
I'm so she logged into my account she
bought it and then she had my phone on
my macbook know so she could delete the
email cuz when you get in even when you
buy it but then you get a nerd emo and
it's dispatched later on so it's like oh
my goodness so maybe I shouldn't go on
my phone and my computer because they're
leaving email right funniest thing
happened
human inator I got I got a phone with
the phone rang and it sat on the phone
and it was from Seattle right so I was
like oh it's probably just like Benji I
put the answer it and it's like hello
this is from Amazon you recently
purchased it I was like to give that I
was like oh my goodness could you
imagine she was about to tell me she's
about to ruin Christmas and then they
wanted to confirm that I did or it and I
was like okay what did you order that
Amazon have actually directly winged me
guy are you sure you want a camel I get
a count for Christmas I don't know but
is really funny so I'm trying to stay
away the computers and the phones and
stuff so I don't a true Christmas I was
so funny you've never done that before
that was a
before you know I think we've something
off profile to find a normally ordered
something like that yeah let's get some
lucky one who ran away if Tina hug give
newbies a hug oh oh she's on the train
well then her husband had it's time to
have a back bring me to the bathhouse oh
go ahead
but daddy fell off the train all right
mate
all right say fish and chips twice all
right say boyfriends say bye mate see
you guys tomorrow
oh yeah ends late did you have fun
painting yesterday yeah did you make
that eeeh cards yeah daddy mommy a
Christmas card yeah that was very nice
of you thank you very much for that
daddy was a baby once
baby daddy baby daddy a baby media yeah
you remember making Valentine's Day
cards for your parents and stuff like
that it was like oh it's so much fun
like that's so cool and you know what
you're doing today we're going to a
special place today you guys don't have
to cheat in tomorrow to find out what
that special places
haha right thanks for watching maybe an
old lickity like envy are the type they
give it all the kitty like and a nice
comment and I'll see you guys tomorrow
fight
