what's going on what's going on hello
yeah did you climb up and jump over my
garden this is that baby books
there you are doubt you have a visitor
the word is bad do you like your
Bardot's bed I don't get out why no
don't get out where you don't get out
where though
down and help help me
we are on a mission we're beating these
thing we got cheese we got the little I
got the little car I'm just gonna go
pick up my pants now and we just got
three little presents to pick up and we
are on fire we have about two hours to
get to the hotel we are on fire
you think so good twelve now we are
flying along lads professional huh you
need me to do Christmas shopping just
leave a list down below I'll get to it
so um tonight within the Christian we
don't know if you actually anyone's
gotten super tall scary UNICEF gift but
look at this thing how cool is that I'd
like to win that I'd be happy if I got
that you know yeah you're pretty good
dear oh it's cute
a baby putter toy oh why do I like that
one right so we have plans we did it
folks we made it
success Christmas shopping
well when actually all lenders no no not
at all
not even close if you got my present
sorry pressures on these comments of
things annexed by me for Christmas never
right it could be right this year I
won't will not read the comments in this
video but I probably will and the
freaking your comments like a
conversation but if you want to leave
tweet and a some suggestions of what if
you guys know me better you guys know me
super well huh
if you guys can help on add help nope
are you having some lunch suddenly wall
say luan oh say luan what um um say luan
no uh that actually has no meaning that
might actually mean something it's a
made-up word
what do you munching on there yeah a few
comer nice choice are you the cucumber
man the man your man involves Nick you
can we're gonna get into one tooth
milliner's know what okay so we are
officially late we should probably get
ready to go what do you think not a bad
plan just have that Apple have some
lunch wrap some presents oh yeah I
should put it inside out into it says
that wire those bookie we're gonna bring
that with us
yeah are you excited to go on a little
holiday yeah you look really pretty
no car yeah I like your scarf the way
you've paired it with your jacket and
your hat why does - no suit
Oh guys what it's those two guys we're
going in a little holiday adventure hi
mommy hi this is for one night I feel
like we're going away for ten year
excavation is it lads that was really
fast our new house
Oh ready yeah I liked the reefs it's
nice whoa Kiki me free also Paco Oh
better meetings are we leave on the left
oh look they're firing guns oh my do we
get the fire guns no John I don't they
got that lazy walkie thing guns and lazy
walkie things I wanna do good upsetting
better not be for all we do not want to
do any of that Michael yeah that sign
look always remind you of mustache you
got red light means yeah stop mm-hmm
okay guys this is really similar to what
we made for our dessert yep pretty much
the same thing don't you think
don't touch that me I don't because you
might break it
my god I feel like I just want to cry
event when I think about ours that's
actual gingerbread though look it's like
all the houses you see in the lollipops
see them animals not animals yeah ah
this is such a cool hotel
unfortunately I'm never ever gonna be
able to find my way out of this hotel
that's cool Oh cookies honey I need that
go yeah you go draw okay I'm gonna take
care of this
check this effort of action look at this
I do do the opening part ready what look
at this bathroom
oh my goodness score quickly put them in
your bag this is so nice no he's Oh
interceder wooden jasmine that's my
favorite first one we saw was
immediately Guara
this is our room it better be better
minibar seemed similar we got free
sweets in our one it's basically the
same yeah why you want to go to the bath
ah go back she was a she's chosen that
room yeah but I mean yeah your room is
right there where you know hope it's
fire exit
okay run back this a grande magazine
okay so when we're in our room we left
the keys of the other room in the room
well put her in the other room in here
yeah oh my gosh can't breathe an another
kid we're going into the other room
where we've lost the key to he's doing
with all the toys like a meaning it
writers room I mean it's like on ago I
coulda Tori room okay we'll just leave
you there
so this is Francesca's house
nice welcome that's it's nice I like
what you did to the tree and the little
forest in the middle of your house so
you said like a big long meeting now
what's the plan we get drinks on the
veranda um the party took God Oh party I
never drank and a part of dying
you guys ever drunk at a poker garden hi
hi wardo you having fun you having fun
you guys having fun
you're watching cartoons for pictures
you mean pizza yeah oh that smells good
okay let's nobody trying on that we're
stealing some beds okay come on let's go
into this room oh we who
who is it
you wrapped everything so super grabbin
harder together I'll be back in the
Minish okay alright is so cushy lowness
I hasn't seen it yet
is the cash register oh yeah yeah that's
it right away I did why they'll get you
put your money away
Oh what did dad guess yes Oh Zoe I
really folders Alfie - yeah come out of
I put them back in in this your new home
is I oh why do I feel the choice about
buying them know that you know I'm gonna
this I chucked out a perfect oh that's
so cool Amelia's gonna rub that to toe
it's like an inky knowledge Amina to see
what eduardo got we got a train okay
a phone train ha ha ha ah give Alfie a
hug or Elfie as you call him today oh no
I hope you did not buy a seat you guys
know the seat that I bought yesterday
the tailor treat telling you yeah
everyone is right he's not see the email
it was like formal attire no it was not
Zoe did you bring a nice fancy dress I'm
writing this oh my don't worry the mine
isn't
you don't wait a full gown no you know
how you are you are wearing a gown
though I might take my title maybe not
well that's a different kind of party
that's the after-party
hi so we're all gonna be in suits was
the right here with the ripped jeans yes
this on the gone wait you don't go floor
yeah
finish if lesson yeah any chance are you
allowed to make off in jeans gosh I've
got jeans with holes in the knees
plays video shopping now go yes shoot yo
Joe gassy and don't live yeah oh oh
that's classy right mate I think these
are run don't do it don't do it
hey girlfriends so anna has has Anna's
breastfeeding Amelia Eduardo we are
about 40 minutes late we're late for the
meeting now we're like two drinks at the
pottery garden or something so I was
like you know what and after that it's a
big dinner so I was like good luck I'll
head down there so at least one of us is
there for the actual dinner party so
then when and I can just text me and I
cannot know where we actually are um
okay so turns out I've taken been
completing the wrong place okay walk
through the car park down by a corridor
ah set it over there Oh No
okay true here oh my goodness what are
we even going my favorite youtubers are
here say hi
don't be don't be alarmed there is two
of them fake okay don't be confused my
second pick from tumors amelia put them
on their small innovation Sammy was the
first person to ever give us a shout out
okay hey we are looking for dessert
comes we're gonna put a cracker hey Andy
tonight is carlines having us today
we're all sharing our birthday joy one
who's next to have a child
oh I tell him it's lovely and nice
alright last night we honor man
okay so we're all walking back in the
rain this is lashing rain it is a nice
shot there's a very short walk in the
rain boatswain when it comes to animal
oil
oh my goodness specific he's put us
everywhere Jessica made me this drawing
money he's gonna go in Jonathan's going
house rubric it's all fine
sorry please go ahead ignore him and his
sleeper avala tease so okay please no
they're not just peas are they though
let's get the facts right there whatever
barbie he's four at a time
well that was the bed is a bed involved
yeah well can I have one versus oh oh my
god how hard is wasabi just do it for
you no no let's calm down we don't wanna
call an ambulance
our sport we're going forward
everything's not what me
the ground I don't recommend it I cried
too much in the last we should try it I
know I don't like them that was a fun
night folks we're paying for it heavily
today foot net was a fun night
you know kids have a great time we had a
great time it's so cool - you know last
began spending Christmas with your
family and then this weekend spending
Christmas with our friends you know it's
really cool it's really cool you know
that's one of the greatest things that
you weren't a huge benefits of us moving
to the UK is that we get to actually
hang out with like work friends you know
it was very solid free sort of
experience for us because my only work
friend was Anna and now I have loads of
work friends and it's really cool and
that was just great fun you know it's
grateful so next weekend
oh it's actually Christmas I think yeah
so that's pretty cool anyway I hope you
enjoyed today's video I hope I made you
laugh at some point in this video maybe
I deserved your like I don't know I
don't want to be all cocky and all what
maybe I just maybe I deserve a like and
a comment anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow
damn have a good day
