yes I'm going the way you have and will
you talk to me on the telephone when I
ring when I call you would you say hello
to me were you thinking about it
come back you little monkey monkey
monkey huh why are you running off to
what is this thing there goes mommy
mother Jolie has gone to the airport
just even drop her off in this been in
this particular Airport I had to pay
three pounds just to drop her off
not even stay here anyway
let's get out of here Mike to the whole
nine that's it all the family and say
Kate at the property you go to crawl
right oh come on
you can you get it get Emilia crawl Wow
let's see it let's see oh it's Eva wardo
gets it
come on Marta get the toy hey alright
there you get that toy no I mean yeah
give it a little widen give me that it's
a monkey all right you guys don't to
take come give me that this is not a
game for you
why no quickly quickly quickly monkey
no that's Eduardo boys they brought
outside okay we have this one for duardo
what you have to get that come on you
know what are you doing Oh call forward
you guys our first night time this is a
Wellington boot can you say Wellington
boot are you gonna mind Eduardo you're
not gonna mind will this okay this boot
is going to mind Eduardo the boot is in
charge hello I am the boot I'm in charge
of every stitch back here now oh no I
have competition now okay
tall boots now we're in charge you'll
have to go everything reason say yes
boot say the boots in charge the boots
in charge you've to do everything the
boot says you're gonna be behaved for
the boot no are you gonna be naughty for
the boot do you know what'll happen if
you're not here to the booth they give
you a boot in the bomb I vote in the bum
you want a boot in the bum no do you
wanna put the bomb okay here's the
priority lads
we have no clothes to go to a party
tomorrow which is a party full of
stylish folk
namely Jim Chapman okay he's gonna be
dressed it on it's like fancy suits and
then we're gonna be step all right
around he lunges around in creepy seats
so we have to like yeah he sets the tone
in her party okay
over this way yeah oh all right so we
need to get like full leg top hats
monocles hands the whole job though I'm
not used to seeing you like that waiting
for it is nice I like it song oh
yeah Jim in town you're gonna watch
themselves better check yourself oh I
like this one now I wanna share one that
matches my suit well I'll go put it back
on I want to wear it home though then
applause Devon was like hmm
yeah the next option we're going with
that one is nice like um I'm just
worried that I'm it's a little no hate
you I don't really have yeah yeah I look
amazing on Kim Kardashian exactly yes
and this is the next one here probably
saying it looks a bit like she's wearing
lingerie which I think wonderful I don't
know yeah no I think um I think it might
look good yeah maybe with some heels
himself maybe it's because you know
you're so used to wearing the sort of
waist hugging yeah order type of ones
you know we are British now if the dress
British life is that a British dress is
it this is mr. Brittain you know
everything about Britain if you guys
have any questions you did you know yeah
maybe because it's kind of different as
opposed to what you normally wear yeah
all we got this regard is we are winning
that stress is there gonna be a
best-dressed award there is and we're
gonna win it okay what if like they went
to the same shop about the same stuff
ago okay all we need to do is find
somewhere to as if he stitch so I can
she fix my clothes let's rinse Ashburton
bird I'm gonna look like an ash working
Berg
but those lights how cool would that be
you know
but imagine like Saucony jolie
no but even the whole team that's so
cool you know if you had a big loft in
New York or something that's what you
put there so we have so much more that I
have to do but we have to power home our
rush home because I well Eduardo was
kind of q40 them to it's now fast too I
mean it's not like strict on the button
but because I have decided to breastfeed
and I hate pumping so don't tell me to
pump because I say that I only pump if I
need to like anyone for tomorrow night
need to pump for tomorrow night
obviously but I just hate it because he
never takes that he takes the bottle
fine but he never drinks as much like he
only ever drinks like half
and it's so much effort for like nothing
hi Amelia well what have you been doing
oh yeah that's what it was milk and
bread yeah daddy got some nice clothes
for tomorrow
oh he's gonna look fancy pants can you
say fancy pants fancy dance or fancy
pantsy pants are we gonna go on a
holiday tomorrow
yep yeah hmm you go see Joey what we and
who else me maybe I'll bring niylah
niylah para dar Adal and Jim and Tanya
and Francesca and loads of other fun
people ya know
I'll study shoes Nancy that is Tom oh
you think don't do do do you know we
have to be gentle with it
it's a Roy Robson never heard of it any
good
Roy Robson all right I got a second
right rhapsodize this is wonderful huh
did the I think that it really is too
high huh you drunk on love lads let me
tell you about the we're about to have
deceased
saathi Sambo's we're talking about super
Quinn sausages some special bacon that
doesn't even have a package so amazingly
amazing was it just and Putin in case
you didn't know what this was
yeah yeah let's leave no let's not even
talk about it it's really nice
okay you don't want to know what it is
trust me do good do good Irish pudding
Irish white pudding an Irish black
pudding google it you can find out for
yourself this makes we're gonna have a
serious situation lads it's a serious
situation I mean yeah can you say
serious situation that's what we're
having I do to choose you
get it white Oh can't it wardo come on
where no you can get it one way that it
when we give it right Oh which one daddy
going to choo-choo train look at you
little crawler man huh jeez get that get
that Toki tomorrow's crawling Amelia
okay here you're gonna have that no
that's it winos no this is her nose okay
you can have this Eduardo can have back
then
okay you can have this go get it go get
it
he is becoming a mobile man the Mandarin
man is becoming mobile what did you do
did you bonk your head on the fridge
maybe I look at what I was able to call
are you proud of him
are you proud of it you are know that he
can crawl you know that means much of it
might be able to be far more fun to play
with
what what's wrong
that looks like fun you keep trying lots
the heated floors on its own nice okay
let's check on our tasty healthy
nutritious dinner sauce these are going
nicely the Bakken is doing well in the
kwitny
oh boy a girl who can we are discarding
stop sexual my sickness well you reckon
so proud of you mister hmm my kid
worried okay my knee is it a photograph
you're taking but anyway let me know
what you to all the friends
it's like a stop-motion or like a flick
book of Eduardo and his little feet go
mad like it's so pointy I write did I
think I did that before when I
transferred my phone onto my computer
once this is like ages ago and Emilio
was a baby and I think I put up a video
call like at me there's six months or
something like that because when I was
trying spraying it was doing that it was
like flicking through them all and
almost look like they're animated anyway
welcome to just the Cooney Jolie's
universe that's included in each planet
maybe it's a different planet
oh my get was an error and say mm-hmm
maybe it's a to be continued and this
late hope you enjoyed today's video
did you think I look snazzy Lance
affording a party right now now or
heading there now but it's kind of like
a two day event so it's pretty pretty
cool very pretty cool looking forward to
tomorrow's video it's gonna be epic
we're gonna look amazing pretty much
best dressed even if the even if there
isn't a category for best dress let's
just say that's everybody tweet that we
wanted okay as you guys well if you
leave some nice comments that's what
it's there for
and if you feel if you have it in your
heart deep down deep lads close your
eyes imagine a world or you've clicked
the like button how do you feel about a
few guys mark what
