my friends
yeah yeah to find our friends outside
dr. manners dr. banner alpha channel
alpha Charlie we're going down we're
going down Apple chardy Shh do you want
a robot or do you want a princess you
want a princess nice right yeah are you
a robot
we're not talk can you talk like a robot
hello say hello my name's Amelia I love
your jumper yeah it's nice you gotta go
you get your shoes there huh mister man
yep he does so cold like this morning
the entire area was covered it was a
white blanket it could snow
it could snow it could snow snow
Christmas snow for Joe P cheering what I
like three years ago snow for jofi never
snow no yeah no hey Jacob silence your
one point to court I'll be got lost in
the snow river so you just like brought
immense I popped in there's a right oh
there's so much fun we are heading in to
get something to eat
lesson no taken by garden less no we're
going to the flavor area no I was like
woohoo
but yeah maybe after oh gosh these every
week and somebody took out my to call
them wipes
Amelia likes to take out the like cloth
thingies that come with these sunglasses
don't actually happening right now so
I'm just gonna lose my jeans that's what
everybody does I always like the little
white that comes in and I'm like those
decoration
he's like a wet way or like that all
away for something
come on shouldn't you know then you have
to do like the rubber and you're like a
squeegee and then like that do they mean
yeah yeah welcome to my new video we you
wanna go to play again yeah you wanna
pick up my Austin and Haley and Eduardo
who else
and we broke out the older Arctic where
lads
even the gardens wearing it little fun
snow suit which I wish they made one big
enough for me wouldn't it be cool to be
dressed in a little snow suit like it
right over like so cozy
alright let's go try and find the family
cold
like you wanna go wanna go to it's a
race
come on on a push faster pour faster are
you gonna kick it Ryder go kick it right
up all right no don't kick it right up
so cute she's so grown-up yeah just hit
another thing in her own hand
when the class last and you have to make
your way over testing no no other way I
mean in the middle no okay come on
there's a traffic jam yeah
yeah once you stopped my license a doozy
yeah
you mean the to the ship
oh I think we're going back now you want
to see you we're gonna go okay I'm gonna
speed beating me oh yeah we have to wait
for it to come back otherwise you get em
you make it stop my face look at Austin
love a good boy around there
it's so cute right like that's the team
the dead look back on you know we used
to sit together no no we never stopped
you guys did you let you held hands and
flagrancy
you like you to you to just live broke
the train machine fine tickets shutting
down it's not a good time
free trains everyone yeah so got on the
train and then you might see a conductor
yeah
or you might not exactly but they're not
really going to do that no way no way
yeah we've taken the money okay no
boyfriend when we take her out yes say
goodbye toss it yeah yeah you wanna come
live with me
no just leave it at you Boston no hug
and a kiss thank you you're gonna kiss
that's Clive sleep right the Haley give
Haley a hug mmm that was a Haley hug one
of the greatest things that you do on
Stevens day or Boxing Day or just a 26th
of December okay whatever you call the
day after Christmas Day maybe it's just
a 22 December is you make toasted
sandwiches with the leftovers this is
all that's left over after everything we
make this is it everything else is eaten
so we're making turkey and cheese
toasties you should come to jokey's
Tosi's on in 26 or steve is a or boxing
day or whatever day you want to call it
but today is kind of
laughs Christmas even itself and then
you probably watch it thinking maybe
you're watching this on the 26th with
happy crazy
yeah let's make a sand wedge a sand bay
College here is that's the field
Christmas Bulls off this thing is
actually condensated up the screen what
do you have it you have a bagel and
cream cheese
it's next time Eduardo comes equipped
with his own medicine nowadays see oh
gosh no not that way okay hmmm I'll
grind you little support it's got his
little teeth bothering him apparently
Jonathan's mom was telling me that it's
three nights like for teething it's
three nights three bad nights so he has
had two so far that means I'm in for
another one tonight but hopefully after
that
Eduardo's going to bed it's nap time
sucking a little late but we're gonna
put them in for about an hour for can
milk needs to me an emergency boost
button under heating but then you know
what happened if there was an emergency
boost button on the heating you would
always use the emergency boost button
double travel travel he know
but you would wouldn't you you don't
like you press the boost button and it
boots is then heats it up pretty quickly
but if there's an emergency booth button
you depress that all the time therefore
you look for an even more faster boost
method of boosting the heating so
probably the current method that has
been around for quite some time it's
probably the best way we're just doing
the exercise me and Eduardo here in a
bit any old fire crying oh we're gonna
lock some stuff that's in the bag for
Lego you kind of like see just kind of
watch me finish it gave him his own
little remote they're gonna join in huh
okay we got some Indian tasty tasty food
everyone had a nap except myself and
Eduardo now stayed away did you have
enough no I didn't I some don't apps we
stayed strong though we stayed true and
they were having a nice end of end of
party mmm party Norma you got there
cinnamon chicken chicken crunch did you
investigating Amelia's face
are you singing a song I got whoa so
funny yeah yeah you're gonna say good
night to Grandma give her a hug yeah
give her a hug see you tomorrow
we like before I go home yes I have to
go home in the airplane tomorrow she
gonna say bye England
yeah grandma lives in Scotland Oh
Eduardo you live on the moon no chairs
bad time
Eduardo and the media is coming to Kara
yeah I boy was here and so he already
did the honors of running the bus so we
are gonna have some time in the bathroom
though let's turn on a light I had
enough the first time in so long hence
what's yoki oh no no no no what does he
have oh my goodness you had a decoration
in this house okay okay yeah it's okay
I'll bring it downstairs all right we're
gonna read it bridal book bath James
over we've got one Nicky baby and one
almost make you baby not right and one
you guys want some style ideas nappy
it's happening lads
what's happening don't be showing you
guys think about your friends
this morning oh my goodness it didn't
even happen on the camera lads
I didn't even a media came down and she
took her - are those monitor and we were
like what are you doing she said I'm
gonna Commodore no I was like okay just
like hello hello hi yeah yeah okay why
no you know and then she just kind of
disappeared so we couldn't really hear
what was going on you know so it's like
a woman was gone wrong girl ended to
check and Melia had gotten herself into
Eduardo's crib she had pulled over her
table and chairs climbed up climbed over
who knows how it even happened but she
ended up in the crib but I came in and
she was standing there and he was like
it stitches laughs and then she was like
Joe Brenda's bad like I thought I'd wear
those to Hodgins
anyway I hope you enjoyed today's video
in the park um if you did maybe give it
a like if you're in the festive mood and
you want to spread some festive joy
we're accepting like likes and likeness
no card and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
