I love that children take their moments
these pick your day is not so there was
a bit of a party last night and then the
children decided to myself it's about
four or five o'clock booty's little
munchkins have been awake huh
good morning Amelia open the island
calendar
that's literally also on another note
look at this weird money that Scottish
money I was like what is that what kind
of money is that what kind of
foolishness is that without real money
and then today we'll have like what
basically it's Christmas morning and we
have to make a whole Christmas dinner
and Daddy present yellow pink yellow hmm
are you sure that's for me oh thank you
let's leave a hero because we're not
we're not really sure who that's from
these are from Leah I think these are
from rules they might be from grandma
and then just some outs and they're
mixed up dr. Flemming Wow
is it all for me there no well I know
what we'll do we'll open the advent
calendar oh yeah
this is practice Christmas hello mr. no
mr. Joe an advent calendar okay let me
get the advent calendars
just get the I bring calendars someone's
excited hail fire on the sofa okay go to
the sofa let's pop it out now what is oh
well what was it
and realize that happened so fast
um looks like it was like a teddy bear
or something you see okay anybody else
of dis have encounter on the day of the
13th
how did you guys get because it all
happened a little too fast so immediate
is going in to town with Grandma she's
so excited okay it doesn't look right
now a moment but she when I said it to
her she was like oh yay so I have an
outfit pick T up wear it so guilt I'm
trying to decide between these tights
and these tights but I'm kind of going
towards them I think um so yeah let us
get dressed and Eduardo's gonna stay
here with mommy and then um mommy and
daddy are gonna make the turkey you so
Freddy yeah excited to go to the camera
breakfast
yeah you Bernie's do you you see here
huh you little tired tomorrow oh geez
he's hired he gonna have a nice nap huh
holy sleeping over a meal Alexa cover
didn't like black who delight hey what
time did you get that turkey on the go
yeah
all right one for a ladies lunch have
fun
see you later worried I look after I
will worry
what's a parents do it's my choice oh
look oh he's so grown up there on her
own those fishes
11 a.m. it says put the oven on 170
Celsius yes I don't have lipstick on so
I was going to do a red lip but I know
it's just gonna wear off so that's why I
look half dead right now
sorry about that here it is folks weird
all right
oh this is heavy I need Joanne okay okay
quickly put the boiler key alarms went
off to remind us oh all I can smell is
bacon and bacon yet mmm okay Oh what's
really heavy top down in here
oh that's trying that's not for you
looking at me want to eat that let's try
and center nice
all right I can't she goes like and are
there christmas eve direction sure yeah
they look better but they're not
functional so drop it the dogs do not
know what they're missing
alright we've got progress here right
you got the kids table you're gonna miss
mash of trip traps barstools office
desks and baby traps be because i'm
engine then Mangin men what
Oh Christmas since this is kind of cool
I might want to sit over here a cool
table thankfully root hasn't had her
third child because then there'll be no
room yeah daddy guy read any good he's
just watching his dad it's so cute guys
this is throwing some Anton the compost
did wired it was just like dad dad's
coming back Oh dad dad dad dad his hands
have gotten big is that weird
look at this dad
dad look
man gman no he was so cute when you left
yeah he's all like like really concerned
or something weird
this is where those things from the
Opera cinema no that
you have a good Christmas so far imagine
we had one child this is so easy I know
we've got a lot of food for wind trails
you're gonna eat all of this he what
it's like it's a tripwire it's together
it's a chair right we have a stop radio
in movies oh yeah he's a laugh about
that
cuz the drip drop that is so funny
apparently the turkey and possibly done
stuffing son for putting a potato and oh
and then we've got all the veggie stuff
or the carrots and the parsnips you
wanna now we're getting somewhere nuts
what's happening
look at this oven lives roasty stuffing
parsnips carrots oh wow cakes in
blankets and we got Delphine donkey
today - over there
we're going this way this bad boy under
here whoo it's party party super human
like tonight hi Delphine
is cringe and go more like a frog see no
work there and then we have this little
fella here he's living life I know you
get your Spotify and ago again some G's
has remembered something you know be
really cool to do with the desert
sparklers BB so go look on the leftover
stuff that we have from our hit that we
never ended up using yeah clean right
here yeah my mom I said hi Amelia did
you miss me did you miss me do you know
what what do you not even love me
anymore
hey yo I have no no no no she's love us
anymore really loves anymore we're going
to direct all our attention towards this
child who continues to love us go like
this spread lines we have created
amazing yes Oh amazing don't eat
anywhere oh come on
behind this before they're amazing you
want to sit in your trip shop one sit at
the table or do one sit here oh it's a
bit trippy yeah it's a drunk ass are you
behind Eduardo a big kiss here I really
keep tail in there it's chilling there
we don't have space for you
so dinner has behind it is amazing did
you enjoy your dinner ma'am Austin broke
the guitar who broke the guitar Hayley
no weirdo chameleons ever enough we ate
any everything was aching although I
will take care of Dan on a later date
but I know we will
it is tradition every year where she
makes a calendar of all and like our
pictures so we are sizing it up versus
discounters forgive it this now it is
time for this Tommy and is worried we're
missing this
oh listen I might are very much okay
don't question them it's a cool edgy
thing ever saw it's a chocolate bomb
 you bro grab Arturo harder are you
just speaking all over the cake now
that's why we have a tobacco yeah this
is what you want Austin good job hi
there come on go line down oh I know
usually the ears oh what's going on up
here yeah it's a selfie stick pretty
girl are you going to get Eduardo huh
grandma's downstairs grandma's not in
bed are there presents for a year
their presence from inside we go
Hey Dude the party my Christmas party
you missed a Christmas promise good fire
you're hot you're fast
oh yeah it's on the fantasy from the
ballast or wit awesome yeah don't worry
just because we're from Dublin oh what'd
you get
what is it is this there so there's a
snow bear boo bear bear this is a real
fight edge here's Harper
what did weekend baby boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom go low low
floor it floor it
here Phoebe price and her
Oh stead pasen pasen pasen pasen pasen
come under get serious now
get serious situation there ball problem
my mom taught me everything I know
where's the Hat oh I don't know did you
raise your card
did you like to drive cars but where's
the Hat of this hair we're actually
playing with Lego here that's right are
we gonna say goodbye to our friends boom
five friends thanks so much for watching
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget to
like the video if you like it is the
Christmas this is the Christmas spirit
remember remember that deal we made for
it was the Christmas spirit and everyone
liked the videos or something and we
left nice comments I love happiness and
Christmas Ness and then we played with
Lego anyway hope you enjoyed our dinner
party extravaganza it was a feast
beyond the feast what's a feast beyond
the feast like another feast or the
feast beyond a feast of snooze because
after the feast comes to snooze anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching and I hope you're excited for
Christmas because Christmas round 2 is
coming in two weeks exciting but bye
