pom pom pom pom pom pom met the most
wonderful time of the day hi welcome to
our video presentation copies on there's
one copy it comes below we'll get you
some copies morning little friends you
guys ready you guys ready for breakfast
oh yeah candy oh you having calendar
excitement Israel got that what was that
oh so you do Eduardo's one it's the
family one daddy hasn't even opened one
of these days on I feel like I'm on part
of this I can't look for second
amendment and engineman good it unto me
haha not that they are seven four seven
Wow very good you do it
cherry yeah Barry yeah where's the
chocolate one okay return the video time
Thomas money right oh it's a dry nose
one don't is one he supposed to rip that
up video I can tell Wow
what's a star yeah okay my German
president what's next me Amelia's wine
yeah or seven you have to find stuff
that's 17 I'll put it up well any open
though they go home what's inside looks
like it it doesn't make your doors one
what is this Pizza let me see anything
weird face a weird face doesn't matter
she leave it mommy's wine no I don't
think so yeah I think at the green one
Leland what's this one this is cranberry
ice Oh
cranberry ice can you say that cranberry
ice hey yeah give it a smell stiff it's
not Christmas what do you want to eat it
yeah you know eat it you don't eat it
did you open your advent calendar today
you chew that chocolate always saw some
people dad's furniture calendars I don't
have one anymore because we had one to
go George Canada and I gave it away
Sally
mmm-hmm but I'm I saw
what's that things in the German thing
oh yeah the st. Nicholas thing where I
guess stuff in there like boots yeah
yeah I'm somebody got one for st.
Nicholas sorry JD come here my god no
way so cool so
cute cuz my mom used to always do that
for us obviously how to carry on this
addition while I'm not pretty
only a quarter German yeah different for
me but she like a bit soft when she was
small and she always did it frost let's
kill it out guys so I think the count is
a Verizon like a bitter bit of Europe
himself so hopefully they're coming soon
to you t pictures when you get them it's
really cool explaining some people are
tweeting pictures of ones that you've
never seen because it's only in your
pictures that we didn't show you guys
you can see look it was good yeah I know
I know it is good I don't know I have
received what and what your favorite
picture yeah cuz I want to know yeah I
know what people's favorites yeah cuz we
have our favorite ones but they're not
obviously different like what
come along teddy bear let's go and have
a scare blah blah blah blah blah blah
everywhere
all right leg why does little pack on me
we forgot that here today where are we I
think it's day we got the Christmas tree
I forgot to bring this thing with us
missing she and I had to carry it wardo
good to be carrying around huh hey can
you open this gate you think you could
they have to lean up pull the handle and
turn it no they're not ready yet so we
got a pretty late today so we're a
little bit like find it was amazing I
mean II went into room but it was cool
got the iPad went back inside turned on
the kids not the one she watches the
ones a wider likes watching went back
inside grabbed her chair and a book and
just sat down and read a book I put
music on for duardo
and we were just sitting there like this
is amazing
yeah but we kind of paid for it this is
what I don't like sleeping in those
because I feel like I'm not like
productive at all the volunteers three
days anyway so we're going to the shop
to get some supplies for Christmas
cookies I think I have most of the stuff
I think I just need eggs and I need like
decorations and maybe I need Sunny's
maybe nice she's a Nance to everybody
that she needs Sunny's because it's the
Sun is like ah I love that you know it's
like yeah wintery it's frosty and cold
and icy but just like a son to a skiing
no we three new scheme when you go
skiing it's like you're on the top of
these mountains and you're surrounded by
snow and the air is so like cold but yet
the Sun in this guy
it's lovely yeah I know I've never been
skiing I'd like to well yeah I'm not
really interested in a skiing part
yeah braking as much as like the kind of
cozy wrapped up by the fire yeah all the
other parts of it looking Bart
anywhere I go on holidays like the food
comes first that's what I'm planning for
first yeah that's a shop yeah it's not a
shop that we're going to but it's a shop
what's that
I got the best spot in a lot we're
coming off we are watching all the
people in front con don't you do it
don't you do it
we got the best spot Amelia can you say
best spot in the lot you guys gotten a
lot huh shops right there yeah Pico
butter which better dress take no okay
sure there oh we need chugga actually I
think I'll just pick up yeah I think we
have capture yeah yeah fine sugar eggs
egg flour which we actually need flour
because okay Claire - drama fur um and
milk mark mark
so good
that it you need milk not juice
there's juice and then not juice that's
the same team in his life not juice
no oh also Eduardo has a toot which one
is it hi front right what what is asleep
Oh No well see mommy where is a seat
mommy
all right it's skadoosh just before I
left I went to pick up a hat I read
everything I regret all my decisions in
life
I'm not wearing a hat a repressing was
safe half safe I just followed you
anyway Art of Living all of this work
loves it hey give up
oh they have the heating on too nice
imagine someone offered you a cupcake
that small it was one join a cupcake I
know right white checkers going mad
who's that
you're making tea careful careful you
making tea for everyone did y no daddy
daddy
I mean kefir mommy I don't really know
about the bacon so if you think you need
us
yeah well I know it's just that I don't
have any cookie like she okay what do
you think weirdo what do you worry
oh good nurses happen so we are prepared
to cookie to bake cookies and cook
cookies or that was an espresso thing
it's very bitter espresso it's like a
capsule holder thing people know we have
you always liked fish for the capsules
now life is gonna be I can drink a
coffee faster I was glad you want to
look in here right cuz I think we don't
need a coach coat for him
oh wait even open oh the doors closed
keep this warm Christmas pajamas right
look she's gonna there's no nice ones
isn't there a little birdie or the
pumpkin cake
it's so cute we should get that one for
Alfie look pudding pointy pointless
pudding
um nobody new ones either perfect for
little girls but they're too small
though right
for me yeah yeah what are you doing that
for wardo yeah what else is Bordeaux
that Amelia's what about the pirate mr.
pirate for that's a lot that's for our
dough to em that would you doing here
you organizing all the toys whoo what
yep um that's not really have a scooter
works but it doesn't suppose work you
are scooting the scooter that's a boot
hello there click Amelia get a mirror
not that way this way I'm sitting on a
little tiny chair what is that for daddy
thank you ah good job is it wrong oh
it's my cramps whenever batteries or
something
gye Baek that's a baby
yup dad that's a big girl yeah Oh
Christmas trees I love the smell of
Christmas trees that one's not lit up it
borders in here as I was going to stay
with that
this machine already again Japan baking
well eggs and all are suffered in the
end over there no control the leaflets
don't go in blind have a plan yeah okay
alright we're home we're just gonna put
a millionaire for her nap now
ah wonderful ah wonderful
this is what happens when Anna sleeps in
sorry applause hey you wanna make
cookies gonna bake cookies you wanna
bake cookies cool look this is a coffee
thing I got it's not cool
so you actually got losen we have to
figure out which to go in here but it's
like for me it's like this is my
breakfast Nespresso car and this is my
kind of lunchtime water and then this is
my like evening one this is Anna's all
the time when she likes just waiting it
for too long go green one but a black
for breakfast proper for lunch
orange e-40 cuz it's like I think that's
like ten eight and four that's a
straight level that's a real cool little
thing in it what are you saying is that
it are you gonna make cookies or mommy
later yeah you like cookies I like your
Christmas jumper do you like your
Christmas jumper no they're cute
we're decorating the cookies I'm eating
for three funny
okay what you want to do next boy don't
touch my Christmas tree what do you want
to do next
pick another decoration ah red balls
okay you want to do them what are you
gonna put them on on the Snowman alright
you do it a media it's too much if you
do it pretty carefully like this look
see
my toes face oh dear
okay let's help and maybe add you the
next one here weird you want to put that
one on the star all right here you hold
it just be careful girl next one uh
snowflakes they're always fun you do
that one careful
I see I see the force that you're
putting that with right I'm gonna turn
this from day one we do a face on the
Snowman yeah I do a face yeah father has
joined in the fun
hello dinner why are you helping
Wow Amelia they're really good they're
really good your Christmas Baker
Oh what everyone oh wow that's a pretty
situation come on Angel oh goodness
where were you on Friday to help us huh
you good you doing whoa ha ha media
that's quite a lot and then we basically
spent the rest of the evening eating new
cookies we also watched the worst movie
in the world think about having movie
channels is that we've got like I think
it's like seven or eight movie channels
on our like our cable TV subscription
thing and we never ever watch them so
every now and again I like oh come on
we'll just like pick a random one you
know and this one is just starting and
it was like the worst it was supposed to
be like a suspense trailer was so bad it
was like hilarious
ever did that you watch like a really
bad movie but you keep watching your
because you're like it's so cringy but
it's so cringy it's good you know that
kinda way are you ready
that is a cool answer isn't it look at
that it's so well done me with the beard
and a hero in there yeah thanks so much
for watching today's video hope you
enjoyed it hope it's got you in the
Christmasy festive season lads I'm short
on tea tomorrow don't forget given know
like if that's what you like doing let's
be phone hello and don't forget to leave
a nice comment always appreciate it and
subscribe if you're new well you know
hello welcome
and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
