good morning and welcome to Advent
day6 isn't it yeah day six so we are
opening two doors today on each pounder
because you didn't get to do one
yesterday because we were so busy so
Amelia and Eduardo are gonna open some
what do we open first so we do Amelia as
one or a guardo's one Amy yes okay so
that's it you ready
open it oh what's that
let me see what is it we have to see
what it is oh it's a snowman with a
heart good girl
Eduardo's okay we have to do six - what
is it
show me oh you should show me I think I
did anybody catch that good girl that's
it for today and then we have to do
Eduardo's one okay
which one are we open five where's five
that's five five here it is look I'm
gonna open it you open it open this one
this one here this one walk line ah
what's that
let me see it is a candle Wow
oh I was waiting for that one a media
take it out can you get it
look you can take it out quick singing
ah smell mmm nice and then if you six -
that's pink one so that is let's see
snowflake cookie
no wonder to take the earth
it's not so good let's do six now so
we're sitting here
Eduardo's down for a snippet mommy this
is usually what we do we're going to try
and find something to watch we'll try
and find some songs to watch is no way
look at this right you can pair your
phone to your TV and you can get your TV
to play it's taking an appearing on
samsung TV it's going to just go play
you mean it loves this channel little
boy everyone press this button play on
Samsung TV the future is bright lads
love it is yes so she playing it how
cool is that
I love the future it's amazing hey guys
your I said attack what's happening here
what no you said a minute here we go
she's like Francesca read it read it
Francesca okay no media true or did you
try that this is my Wow nice job
wrong no do you want to read it you want
to read it to Eduardo do you remember do
you remember it meanings as well
whenever should be afraid or sad should
be like mom up whatever you don't say
Victoria that seems the thing this DVD
is for dogs
read the description read the
description there don't cry this time
not so for cinnamon a little Maltese
puppy who wants to keep her with me all
to herself
and break up her newly blossoming
relationship we stop for those you don't
put that on and add the jaws watch it
you do know yeah why are you guys
watching you he doesn't it kind of sad
it's not for it's for I told it's not
for the dog there's like four kids like
comment leave a comment there is a dog
yeah
is good is this good but isn't there is
a TV channel for dots and it plays like
like dog stuff yeah I know I'm in for
like they can put on the DVR like I'll
press record that see a series link that
way
thank you though I want to watch that
film yeah we put on the party next week
yes right it was a student thing when he
started he gets somewhere no he's
actually moving didn't seem dinner now I
see put his hands down mess with their
the thing is his eyes he did it but he
does this cutie thing didn't hear not
quite sure oh he could still be just
what your bread you're doing what's he
doing what you doing yeah maybe I have
the hiccups yeah can you say huh are you
in the castle are you in the castle what
hey bow your bow it's here nope come on
let's go get out of the Casa de tent
don't go into the tent
what do you like better the castle or
the tent the Gaza the tent it's fun do
you guys know we can go camping you like
camping Wow can you say camping can be
do you have the hiccups well this is the
Cure this is how we get rid of the
hiccups we tickle the route we take a
look around
take a pick up no inside the Amelia's
room inside - Amelia's room inside -
really as you and sorry
let's go away go away go you're such a
monkey move an inky whoo where's the
Nicky dog my horse the ninky nonk you
gonna get the ninky nonk
can we get up where's the thinking of is
it sending Tina it's not an actual ninky
nonk but it's our ninky does no no no
wait - stay here now oh that's cute
mm-hmm what - stay here now okay now
where's the iPad think fast so it's a
couple of hours later Melia is awake
again you have lost a slipper Mina has
also lost a slipper where is it did you
bring your ninky nonk into Eduardo did
you borrow steal the slipper is that
what happened the viewing the view it
Eduardo viewing I think is going on hi
welcome to being awake again
you know Sonapur did you hide justify
any chance is your slipper in the castle
huh what's that
you go into tent be careful though
oh okay Eduardo Eduardo is gonna put on
immediately will then go around all day
long this was actually happen right yeah
onions good well careful careful don't
cry he's calling he's got it off me no
cut off me Eduardo Lucas nobody do Clara
wheels on the bus go right no right now
is and the bus go round and round all
along
what if the wheels where did the bus
broke wow yeah Oh we'll go over bumps
over bumps horn oh why not oh it's a
puppy situation
well one wound bit of a bit of a
situation what the meanie all of the
toys were brought forward for Eduardo I
said candid wire to a toy she'd ride to
her toy box in and all of her toys were
brought in for Eduardo did you bring all
your toys into Eduardo you guys are
hilarious
who's gonna stage - mommy yo you I don't
want to see mommy all the king's horses
and all the king's men couldn't put
Humpty together again
yeah I don't know if you're laughing or
crying it's confusing you do it you're a
kid oh my goodness guys look how cool it
is tonight there's cars Rosen being
burnt by something what was it anyway is
that kind of a froz kind of cold night
lads sorry right mental Oh
you see that you're frozen over
hey seriously whatever is in this box
okay that was leaking Papa don't speak
on our pizzas father okay we're having
issues her dad's okay here you go you
can have a little baby pizza okay bring
it in the other thing you're gonna eat
it you just gonna look at it oh are you
ready for a bath
you wanna have a bath no but look it's
lovely bubbly bubbly back you see the
bubbles
oh I don't want some of I uh bad time
bad time
what you gonna do what you gonna do when
it sounds good for you but did it go
there come god no yeah yeah there shall
be no escaping the bar time there's no
escape what so there be what will there
be we're gonna racing ready 1 2 3 go
I'm winning I'm winning you're not very
good at the racing huh come on you got
it oh you gotta get into the bath go
racing racing oh hang on there
Merry Christmas friends even though it's
not Christmas for quite a while
I felt like this one was Christmassy hey
it's so cool because I decided to start
a mind of like we need to do Christmas
en slates and everyone sent me like a
ton of Christmassy ends late so I'm kind
of going through tomorrow they're kind
of cool though we're actually thinking
of you know two Christmas tree
we have in a sitting room do when we got
for the calendar shoot we're actually
thinking of maybe swap it out for
another real one because when you come
down in the morning the smell of the
Christmas tree is like it's fast if it
makes you faster
it's like infect you with the Christmas
buzz and just just uses Christmas and
you wake up your yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for what you watching uh
I will see a low fee if they like the
video yeah like the video and favorite
the video know that I don't can you even
favorite videos anymore
I know share it share it with your
friends things like bite
