good morning little man
good morning little man let's go wake up
your sister will we so I asked about
what is it three No
oh you can get back to the back 325 two
we're bad about three he woke up at
about half four we want him to answer
the bed and then the alarm Adolfo's out
half six or something for you 6:45 i bed
at seven to have ever sleep compiling or
something like that what what troopers
good morning again hey you wanna go see
Zoey's puppy once he's always new dog I
won't feed the outfit you want a pretty
outfit you want an iPad Hey Eduardo's at
4/2 it weren't us down a mommy's bed you
want a pretty outfit I don't think I
have the clearance level high enough to
be allowed to select an outfit on such a
day like today and then normally I might
have clearance to pick an outfit but not
not on a day like today I would probably
choose poorly okay quickly start the car
you go you know don't worry not ha
does she know her name god yes audition
yeah she comes a clever move you're
always a lot going on let's get a puppy
everybody got sick like it's not
ridiculous Mina did you see the puppy oh
yeah
writtings okay when we notice press
those here huh focus always has the
stash stash of the special everyone's
here yes that's the tallest at every
nose I just later head down on my hand
oh my goodness he's so cute
I'm talking right now that not Tanya
here this is much Nora loves me she's
just asleep me and Jimmy just having a
domestic about this who's Sophie we've
had a few dogs like my mom had a dog if
anything you had a few dollars online we
actually got really happy yeah yeah my
mom has a dog time my sister has a dog
and also kids as well I always liked me
more
mmm she gets very jealous we had that
with Albie Albie follows me around like
he's a shadow
you know but then Cena didn't seen a win
so second dog could be yours
no I think first off you mind if you
have to get smaller school being a snowy
place and when we get a bigger place
we'll get big dog and Jim more like take
it home no G we got our before Ana yeah
we're we're living in London in a flat
in central we got Albie for Anna so
we're trying to I'm trying to stay quiet
but this is look when she came over here
media tried to give her the things she
was like hmm take it home why don't you
yeah why housekeeping as well
it's mommy sleeping are they ticket damn
damn damn oh my god so now I just like
wait for me as gingerbread house on her
bow and immediately read it I missed it
it was so funny
it's alright she licked up okay she was
trying to eat your toes that's the truth
of it she's no wonder she's nippy she's
nippy I'll just
there's funny more than I do well she's
insane yeah she's Peter cannibal our r.v
said thank you
yes like teeth it's normal our cook I
remember when our puppies did that
hangout hello
Oh how'd he go here I'll see more just
just let yourself good girl
alright I'm gonna wait miss wardo
because babies
are you gonna wait for it or - all right
who's got any hands - ah they are
matching so we do the intro thing Amelia
the second it was like one more time one
more time cake - yeah she's so funny
professional did you get a present oh
yeah yeah definitely
look at this spread we have did you make
this did you make the table okay there's
always tree is it real mm-hmm
do you prefer is always tree or our
Christmas tree which Christmas trees
better Zoey's good no way no way Jose
huh you no way I'm gonna beat you up now
Tonya's puncher ah you gonna come have
dinner no you want to have your pasta
instead yeah just like no ever dinner
has being had it was amazing this Turkey
was so good I'm like there's so much
extra food I know
all right so that's it's so fun yeah I
don't know how much about what they got
it
so but we did add treat rinse a lot your
two truths and a lie and then what do
you think we did
Oh dares dares yeah yeah I want it was
the fastest ha ha ha there are some
kissing involved oh it's so good yeah
can't be good we just put about ta so
Jim is attempting to make a new gender
the last ten minute poor Jim he's like
hey is that the tail poor Jim has a
crumpled crown and he's trying to make a
balloon animal
okay I'm beyond being way to go any Jim
thank you hey yo media well yeah that is
amazing
that short media was join me to make a
proper animal yeah good thing she's
kinda still young and all fish isn't
really on does she just like we get
what's however it on the show is it done
oh sorry I was done what color
oh wow what in here CR you're basically
surrounded is called the chocolate ray
of Christmas you get a Christmassy train
you make you little guys boom oh the
chocolate Christmas train are those
edible yeah they are they look edible
good hi I'm kind of anxious about our
dessert because we're all very tired now
like oh I wish I would have picked the
start or something to do well anyway I'm
really regretting not having had more
hours of sleep but oh it was worth it
because I was so nice and so lovely and
I hate the fact that she lives like be
far away from us we are making the
greatest food the world has ever seen
I may be a little delirious I'm not
gonna make Christmas cupcakes now yeah
let's do it let's just scratch this idea
like not right now but like after seeing
these everything they do no cute so
we're making the greatest profiterole
right dinner roll
cassoulet you know cheap no cheating
rubbish it's not gonna be Roman it's
gonna be amazing we have yeah back off
our pudding mr. pudding man uh-oh
don't you touch my eyes yeah it's gonna
be amazing this is like the walls or
something that that's like decided it
has never again profiterole never
whipping cream to turn it like snow John
snow door the game of Thrones
King's Landing that's what make that's
the walls the door or something yeah I
just made really good she's very amazing
this is a tiny made a speech by the way
blackmailed us all
I just don't think it's like that iwase
we go you're sabotaging anything I want
to use this yeah it's good I ate one of
these much money that every year you
stopped at that job dude are you guys
ready thinking all right you want to see
if we made such a good little change bet
hats right ready boom cheering the
middle of making it there was a bit of
there was an earthquake and or some sort
of collapsing going on but other than
that I don't think is a pretty solid
like idea the idea the hopes and the
dreams were there just the ability to
make it just wasn't that's what we're
lacking we were lacking like
professional yeah oh my goodness
fight through it fight it that's it so
this basically went down a storm we
essentially saved Christmas
and without in a storm okay they're in a
story his dorm he wasn't mission cold
immediate oh so never aflame no more
enough well you get the shoulder you got
a cold shoulder we're about to find out
by the way he's winning good about this
okay we're going to go but before we go
we're gonna go and do this is much I'm
gonna play a lesson we're gonna pimp
this everyone sir huh okay don't blame
nobody so many Oh Anna can we get a
puppy huh me get a puppy you know what's
it come hold this hold it
yeah will become easy bite she wants to
play hold at the toy for her oh let the
toy fur not your hands not your hand hey
treat hold out that but this many I
could pull and go oh no oh you're so
cute
hey dog Oh getting into it out Oh what's
going on here
we're home after having Christmas dinner
with the family your friend family we're
so tired
did you have fun today dizzy that videos
gonna be hilarious oh we totally won
deserve to win
Owen telling you actually want you have
to watch the videos find out who
actually won do you think the winners
worth the servant me mmm-hmm yeah yeah
he's kind of funny huh I know it's kind
of funny how the voting stacked up I
know yeah I had it completely different
we had a completely different in our
heads yeah did you have a fun day doing
this did you have a fun day today media
yeah hey please hey pick it up did you
have a fun day today
did you see Nala pick a color
alright pick a card pick one
you want a red one homes that tasty
alright we're gonna go put the kids in
the back and collapse into a heap on the
floor hope this video was entertaining
hope it brought some sort of
entertainment into your day you know
feel free to subscribe because we're
going to make more similar videos of
similar content the phone is that
ringing it's all go so I'll go speak to
me Eduardo speaking the same data these
days
give me data tell us value whispering
whisper a dad either huh three whispery
do you have fun yesterday at the dinner
party I was talking to you oh yeah it'll
be so much fun especially the dessert
says you're all my goodness I was so
crazy I cannot wait to action Tina I
think comes out in about two weeks
RM we're doing the dessert one next week
and then our ones going to wake after
it's gonna be epic okay
hope you enjoyed us hope you enjoyed
that app ends late there I love the elf
movie we should watch the off movie yeah
yeah thanks for watching don't forget to
leave a nice comment hit your like
button bouton hit the old subscribe
button and you know what'll happen boom
and video will pop up in your
subscription box and you but like no way
they made a video again and it's going
to happen every day
oh yeah see ya later boy
