hello hello how are you
Werner's going to bed yeah we should
probably stay a little bit quiet while
the duardo goes to bed wake up you want
to wake up
not yet though no youni he needs enough
because he's only a baby 20 duardo wakes
up you can go up to him but not until
then okay
Eduardo's going to sleep
yeah then Eduardo come wake up do you
want to help daddy with the Christmas
tree yeah thanks
okay good girl dinner party thing
tomorrow with a Zowie anafi and Tim Tim
Jim and Tanya and Julie's it's gonna be
an epic adventure exciting video thing
over doing it's gonna be so much fun
I guess he's coming you're coming til
you're coming too and worried oh yeah
and you want to go see Zoey's dougie you
do so we got a donkey the donkey friend
yeah you want to go as he's always
talking and then I go you can bring it
wardo - right so for the dinner party
myself about our do
desert I'm healthy are making a main
course and taningia with you the
starters so you've come to our job to
pick up from 52 rolls we're gonna make
the greatest procedural tower ever seen
just about hopefully
be two pounds with our man's have been
too many late you're gonna make the
creator's royal castle castle
it's gonna be a counselor I've upgraded
there's going to be a tower to a castle
can I just buy a tower though
this cheesecake met you he just goes by
up a federal tower tonight he's got
loads of wine and then no no it's a
different what you like it yeah I know
your eyelids
that's like sly let me ask the cakes hi
do you like daddy's haircut you like it
dad you got a haircut do you like that
easy I could take it off all right we
are going to turn that up
what just hold on a second unavailable
right now okay any shoulders aren't
available right now okay okay all right
hold on all right
all right daddy shoulders folks where's
the iPad is it in your room it's a bunk
bed bunker okay oh my goodness
duck yeah oh right now you can't just
jump off dad when you feel necessary
okay
mommy and daddy have loads of work to do
okay when you wake up you'll be in a
Christmas paradise oh you are under your
makeup okay
you mean yes your makeup first sighs
your new your makeup makeup
you guys are so cute I'm just walking
past and everyone looked up at me cute
tio deal do you guys want a Christmasy
business please well Christmas by the
house yeah all you make Christmas happen
Christmas Christmas Christmas tree
Christmas tree decorations decorations
on Christmas lights Christmas tree oh
jeez Oh jeepers what do you understand
what I'm saying where are you going
new least one what do you think look at
look at let me write that right there
look okay right yeah you always think
it's always food but the smallest of the
bunch she's the biggest of the Munch
look at her she's crazy
pretty good huh what are you thinking
what do you think it's funny because
before all the times I've done one of
these I never really had to I changed my
number
I felt like get more Christmassy but all
the times we've done this I've never
really had to worry so much about it but
now I figure that is going to try her
darndest to knock this thing over so we
need to make an immediate proof and this
looks pretty sturdy to me alright I
think we need to put a bit of water in
here though morning guys are you go away
what's happening here huh is it
Christmas time is it Wow you're gonna
help mommy decorate the house yeah
you're gonna eat the doggies are gonna
eat the decorations I think in the
middle of all the decorations oh look
what he found sea of shiny glittery
there its back yeah this is where I
don't have it Hey look who we got look
at the sign Santa stop here
you guys look so cute there okay we
ready to go yeah
are you ready everybody we got our
Christmas faces on now we're trying to
find the perfect this looks like here no
no no I think we're it was a minute ago
with Archie are you on to the best front
yeah I know yeah that's a good one
nervous again yeah I just worry about
the Hoover unless you put the Hoover
somewhere else yeah baby what do you
think yeah I like that that's my cue
are you sure we are having it here yeah
what the tree everywhere else the change
we need to be sure that's usually what
you do before you die never know I
always wanted to here I'm just wearing
it to Cooper are you holding hands
you already cleanse right all right we
got this star thing to put on but it's
cool look it's got a battery power unit
on it and needs to go up there but I'm
thinking on my Chuck the top off so I
can height a little power box see little
power box we can hide the power box just
under the top like clunk or if use
interruptions to still a white one but
it's not as exciting this one it's way
cooler I think we'll go up that one yeah
oh Christmas tree oh Christmas tree
let's see if you can get out shopping
over here oh it is a beautiful creation
and the most important albe things are
moving again most importantly my
Christmas tree is how does it look from
the outside let me go check so this is
me just like walking in the street oh oh
look at that house actually hold on look
always do you doing oh there it is there
it's like oh that has a nice tree let me
just go next door oh that is in High
Street did you get the two Christmas
trees you guys by the way the video
we're shooting it'll be over an Anna's
Channel I think it's going up on Sunday
you guys deaf we'll check that out it
was hilariously cute ly mental
decorating for Christmas for two kids
fun times is it so cool I love her
random games
is hilarious that you can make friends
with somebody to be friends that person
for like years and never meet and then
when they're there like to meet you or
send your side of the world you want to
hang out and like yeah that's just just
happened
let's go collect someone from their
train station that's somebody's in my
car I just go man they say she's just
joking like what I will speedily get
home now that's Irish Irish English pun
do you like they like the weather here
oh yeah it's perfect I was thinking
about you know maybe heading to the
beach or something there is there is no
there is a beach around here so we're
about I don't know it's quite the same
you know maybe a slight temperature
difference you know no I mean this is uh
I guess to be expected right and we are
going to be counting the dogs and the
children virtually it's like 12 kids we
do have quite a lot yeah we met in media
there's a process here what am i eating
right now
she's like I wouldn't eat that get
something else up now just clean up now
if the cleanup
yeah we've trained her quite well she
only does spots changes certain spots
that's that's the way to body brush I'll
be an early know if you came via Valley
a hug and a kiss and then some pizza and
a spoon yes
yeah Pete then a spoon
why a pepperoni pizza I think I've got
one on here is some peppers as well
we're just trying to buy some time a
medium cheers Cheers your pizza I mean
that can you say Florida that's where
I'm from
sorry come visit me in Florida I have a
dog too only one though his name is
Chico can you think Chico yeah you say
hi Tico you say Oh spooning the pizza
you are the greatest late-night
Christmas tree oh you better watch not
cry better watch I'm telling you why
Santa Claus is coming dude so I
illegally parked because I wanted Ally
to experience illegal parking you know
you can't come here not park illegally
there you go home like you want time you
practically be in the UK not alien we're
gonna hear it illegally I'm not a legal
sure Ally the Cena Bert video
cuz they Ali's pregnant at the moment so
yeah oh did you not tell anyone or don't
forget that oh yeah yeah no just watch
this video
we also home made some nice food here
slaved over then we put in these little
white boxes right so it's like 6 o'clock
in the morning of the next day a week
later now I decided to give al a counter
she begged me to sign it no no oh my god
you're going to have directly over your
my side oh man you guys are acting meat
up you know this pillow this is my
pillow I can't show you what my things
were looks like you have to actually
meet me in real life together ok we
better go cuz we have to go to do that
filming it's always heads in about an
hour I need to keep moving all of the
secrets / express it that's a good
question I'm assuming it's something to
do with fast pizza yeah yeah yeah yeah
they have to give like sticker they're
for kids and stuff anyways you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching say bye
friends see your honey jar you probably
already are so I look after the bag
three o'clock and then we actually end
up
like staying open and edoardo woke up at
about 4 a.m. and then we had to get a
taxi at like 7 a.m. which meant alone
there were over in Zoe's and we're
extremely tired not even beyond tired
new levels of sleep deprivation anyway I
had so much fun today putting up the
Christmas tree and it was so cool to
hang out with Ally you guys should
totally check out our channel I'll leave
it in the description if you guys don't
know better she is awesome and okay yeah
we're hopefully we're over a playlist
there in February we'll get to hang out
with her and her dogs will do dog swap
anyway thanks witch watch today's video
give it know like if you're a licker and
leave a comment if you're a commenter if
you feel like there's something you need
to comment about in this video go for it
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks much why did boy
