good morning so yesterday I spent an
obscene amount of money on dog coats not
because I've got really expensive ones
but because for everything that we buy
through the doggies
what are you laughing about I got them
all these little jackets and I spent
ages trying to look for them because I
needed one with a hole at the back for
their harnesses because their harnesses
don't like go at the cop at the neck
they go like here for the down the back
a cute little like zip up holes so you
can either have to coat on with no
harness or you can unzip the little hole
have arnaz what are you doing
your breakfast is coming I promise okay
oh yeah it's the same no Mikey's coming
next
I know finally settle on these really
cute ones I got all different colors and
I was trying to match the color to the
color both at the dogs have so that our
dog walker would know who's who would
she kind of knows now anyway they came
this bird three of them came this
morning and they're tiny like I
there was a size extra small small small
medium medium large extra large extra
extra large whatever so I was like okay
I'm just gonna get small medium just in
case thinking that they would be a
little bit big
they won't close they won't zip up and
they're super like they only come to a
bit here which they're kind of supposed
to come to ear but look this is the cool
little thing for the harness so they're
cute coats like see and I got a purple
one because her eight bows usually
purple I got a dark blue for Albee who's
hasn't come yet the ankle looks okay
like Bianca's kind of looks like it's
long enough but it still won't close but
yeah see new these is our tiniest one
and it still doesn't zip up for her but
anyway I got them from puppy angel if
you're curious so I don't know whether I
should just doing or return them or not
but it's such a hassle to wear
turns off to Amazon so I'm going to wait
for a Helen to come and then I'm going
to decided what do you think do you like
the Dodgers pull okay
yeah you bring in the elephant for a
walk Wow
yeah this is John Oh John oh the
elephant we got John oh the elephant at
our was our turd meetup ever and these
girls that actually came to our first
minute ever I was remembering because
they live in century and I made a joke
better sandy tree I don't know they
still watch you do where that is John oh
the elephant's you're only a baby huh
John OH is named an action genre oh I
think we called him John Oh little ow
yeah it's your favorite food in the
world you've got a little curl Oh have
you got sticky up here wow you didn't
yeah I made one here mommy meet you one
mommy in the media I'm matching jumpers
today matchy-matchy dad's in the trolls
of pneumonia
try making things Jori thinking of your
like doubling up in the chili and stuff
why what do you want what do you want
what do you want with you on what ya
know eat some each year eat your
sandwich and maybe we'll talk about it
come on eat your sandwich good girl
all right take one grab one grab one the
green one
no no not that one no no no no you got
one okay what color do you want
I've have a pic yogurt I don't think we
have any Peppa Pig yogurts nope there's
no Peppa Pig yeah
are you gonna psyche max Aquis yeah what
color do you want you want the green on
that you have or a yellow one or a red
one you want a red one or I put the
green one back put the green room back
reach in and get a red one reach in and
get a red one
no that's yellow yeah do you want a
yellow one oh get the red one did you
get it huh now you got none get a red
one get a red one that's a yellow one he
catches messing alright you're coming
home with nothing
you're coming home with nothing alright
you want that one okay let's come back
over here hi hi Marlo daddy wants it on
daddy oh all right when I open it for
you mm-hmm
okay oh no the candles are really hot
yeah and you'll burn the finger did you
know that do you know why boy and then
okay careful though you might fall a new
thing else I'll try to see if she do it
her new thing now that she's learned to
better we let the word why everything
nowadays it's why why y'all right there
y'all right there everything is why why
why why this why that once a thumbs
right don't do that why why go higher oh
wow
higher than this hey oh not right now
because mommy has to clear up this mess
this is what happens when the doggies
aren't here it is ridiculous come on
Eduardo in the floor no not right now me
Mia large older part okey now you would
like to eat it all up it's so bad that
the dog so I'm so thankful that we have
so many dogs because otherwise I would
just be cleaning up like on my hands and
knees we go after every yeah it's
actually more like just seeing thank you
lady down
watch your head I get the iPad will
bring you Tommy get the iPad first Hey
Oh jeepers alright don't care buck down
but Dad
oh okay where is it oh I spot it how are
we gonna get that yeah how did I get
that yeah yeah okay hold on I'll try and
figure it out okay don't let it drop
let's bring it upstairs all the lights
come on you can see okay okay watch your
head here it goes a bit how how we doing
Karen's okay we're all right we're all
right okay doc dad okay
hey man all right now very gently praise
the child do you know drop the iPod
right shoulders are now broken
officially huh are you going where you
don know it's closed closed it's closed
it's closed get into bed get into bed
and you get into bed you get into bed
right this instant you get into bed
right this instant Bulldog Bulldog we
call Amelia over where are you going
where are you going where you going what
are you doing what are you doing an LA
you want to go into the bed you have to
be careful in there
hey because the bed might squish you
yeah do you want to get squished by a
bed Wow
you do but then you'll be squished
Amelia you want to be squashed Amelia
yeah yeah you do you want you're done
you be really really small I might crash
yeah you might get squished
you should probably get out of there oh
okay come on good job
all right let's have some quiet time
while we wait where are you going get
back out in here why because you'll get
squashed why because you're a squishy
person nice because that's what happens
to little girls that go on your beds
right because little girls aren't
supposed to go under beds oh yeah you
should probably get out your vape lah-nu
you need some makeup is it really
important
she needs a makeup like seriously you're
so funny friend I'm gonna get your
medicine water this doesn't look like
and nothing relaxing quiet time
situation right now does it and media
has snuck downstairs Eduardo is very
sure when it waters doing is right up
pulling your hair is he giving you a
head massage yeah yeah you try to beat
me up we're all the time
you getting this revenge come with the
doggies where's everybody come on guys
don't be fightin no wonder what your
first fight is gonna be about probably a
toy probably this Christmas when Eduardo
gets presents and has a problem with
that doggies are back heel heel heel
mistake Oh what's this hell you
Rowling's up na'vi like it rollin with
the homies oh my goodness guys presence
so you guys know is always getting a dog
very shortly so i couldn't help herself
couldn't help herself
I'm so excited wade out and have to like
go huh it's like it's like it's like a
where our friends just had a baby
yeah like unnecessary this happen
skipper baby when we're gonna you went a
bit mad you go and decide on which one
cuz I know it I'm not going to show you
as I know is though you actually yes
psyche so they're gonna have to wait but
oh my goodness that's crazy
dad did you guys know I was interrupting
my blog right now did you guys know that
I nipped chat I did the snapchats you
didn't I'll leave a link down below you
can watch my snaps I love snap chatting
I know some people like vine in I like
it to snapchat is her last night look at
her Mohican anyway my name is Ciccone
Jolie's on the snapchats add me every
day we must watch the frozen show they
were hustling hustling hustling hustling
hustling hustling do you build a snowman
I said do you like to build a snowman
Oh uni go die shoulders I'm gonna quit
into walking show our friends who
remembers in this in your kid here honey
hold on walk get on to remember soon
this is the kid
I got at the doggies in my daughters
having a hard day does the cheat I'm
telling your teeth will be worth it
they'll be worth it hiko day shoulders
knee GoDaddy shoulders
hi guys whoa it's cold
we decided to dinner tonight to get some
super hot spicy Indian food that's nine
I got this what's this called even
though this is even called cinnamon corn
chicken is cooked in some sort of a
chili neat thing it looks really good
but yeah because I was like just in the
off chance we're trying to all the
precautionary methods that we can does
not creating sickness or you're going
rice that like a sheriff sherry be Karen
like that huh Papa don't speak up an
arms don't speak how would you get
veggie rolls nice no chicken tikka Nona
yeah we are we are feeding a system we
have come to the end of the dinnertime
why are you following me around like a
whining child would you like a golden
ticket the trial opens up the golden oh
yeah oh no well it fell out what seems
to be the problem much this is a musical
okay pick one are you going you know
what these are you know to turn these
are the greatest chocolates in the world
Wow was the greatest chocolate in the
world nothing is an and a mother the
other day you ready you ready take it
eat it
munch it
who doesn't love Ferrero Rocher huh you
guys tomorrow
I'm good eat on him okay hola present
from oh man yeah did you get a present
for Mama yeah
president Obama has arrived this morning
Lance so we're not going to open it up
and see what's inside but he thinks
inside Oh what do you think there's a
book in there yeah yeah and some toys
yeah you're right okay okay
world's shortest end slate thanks for
watching the video guys don't forget to
hit the like button leave some comments
be my best friend you know the usual
stuff
let's see you guys tomorrow bye
