good morning little friends open this
this is a rock you wouldn't like it
Armenia it's rock hard you reading the
book you beating is always a
post
you put a post in your room don't sneeze
inside his book did you have fun mr. man
mr. man each recklessness immediate I'm
so quiet they're still awake last night
we got home doggies are going to daycare
it's a girl rest up you know George
Korres has gotten way caller laughs I'm
so full of ice and yesterday I actually
turned on the heating continuous I
Susanna remind me of the heating's on
continuous didn't remind me huh
that's her play her game what of all the
days not to remind me he took say to
repeat it what of all the days to at not
ironic was actually good that that
happened yesterday so freezing but you
can tell their dogs always couldn't look
together whenever gets really really
cold
yes wife buying the drumstick I would
say Nana's like you could give this to
media and a party keep your happy
without about a year you want bye all
right Amelia really important is to pick
one which one is your favorite yeah we
wait which one are you pointing at this
way good choice
yay is it I don't know it let me wait
she's gonna do don't be sure the
pictures oh and his mommy and that's
Amelia Wendy was Alby yeah
where's daddy Wow daddy has a duardo
yeah mommy has two doggies I think
Amelia has a doggie - and then can you
spot grandpa please papa
la bamba' whose krumping the picture the
game you have to find grandpa we're
gonna hang this up next year hmm if you
want your own one there's a link down
below you can get it but am they're
running out lads I don't know know
there's gonna be a week after him what
it's anemia yeah a metis in all of the
pictures yeah maybe this ballet oh okay
okay round and round the garden like a
teddy bear one step two steps dude I do
it right okay right Oh dickly underwear
sounds like oh hey what are you doing oh
yeah yeah you gonna fix it oh you gonna
give me a paw
I like your new pillow
very nice is it from Zoe look she wrote
her a message in the back for you yeah
it's my nice - ik well you based it
don't have much hair is gone on her now
that crazy look she's actually curls
because I actually have them I don't
know if you can see them you see my hair
sometime take a look like going around
for the lols and see it's been long time
September are grown in we will see
during the progression of my grow hair
growth you can see in Marilyn I have
curly hair and that's where I mean II
gets her little curls on the side for me
see cool tt-to to know mmm that is one
way over dealing with - all right folks
it's time to time to pay the bills right
someone in here has to has to work some
of us has to work for 11:00 oh we're
filming in the bedroom does I have to
bring the lights 700 million stairs up
sometimes your millions like my go to
thank you ever get your opinion like and
number that okay something's like a lot
you're all like oh my god it's like 700
million is that a new hole like oh my
god 700 minute that's like my my go to
700 million okay degree oh yeah we split
them up because they're broken okay
oh yeah I know I didn't actually ever
fix that light in the kitchen thanks
Riley reminders though Incy Wincy Spider
climbed up the water spout
you come he's going over to you hi I'm
really happy him i amelia he doesn't see
him you see a nokia hook he's coming
over to you oh he's gonna get you he's
gonna get ya hi guys my name is
the spider Simon the spider no Lincoln
lot when we gonna pay for my Oh
he's like mommy well humor what is this
give him none oh no oh no he's scared
oh no he's playing dead is he roll into
a ball he didn't like my toy many like
spiders oh do you like spiders
listen me they're like spiders hey cake
no he's not he's scared oh he's scared
who said he's dead scared then I kind of
pondered what how did you even
understand today he's not on your mom
but he might be here look Bellamy Natuna
immediate just you have to watch the end
of this video
right you're gonna even at the end like
not serious boss try and hug bed issue
that women struggle in which is bladder
weakness went through my trip here which
is like huh yeah huh huh what is that
she ripped it open and then she start
handing the night there Oh God our guys
runny nose Jolie run he knew his Jolie
and look what she did the whole way
through the video also if you watch the
video you see Amelia come and go the
hallway look what she did she like line
them all up but he got one of them and
she took it off him his right he took it
off and put it back like no we're making
we're making a line of here what did I
Amelia media who is that
who are they nor they there's a hole in
no pants
they're like that he's actually eating
them he's actually I know I don't think
this pack is that anymore
I'm gonna get that I'm gonna get him I'm
gonna get you okay why are you crying
you're such a little fancy I swear he
was laughing before why do I have no
reason oh I get you I'm gonna get you I
mean they get to get slippers want your
slippers on Oh Eduardo Eduardo Eduardo I
find him
hey do I do mm-hmm why do you like that
word oh it's in the video though you
like that word oh you like that you like
that for like what she said so funny
it's like this weird voice that she does
I don't know if we've talked about on
here before like you like that one you
like that you let that water you like
that weirdo where do I know
okay let's do more magic medicine water
because we need to make these kids 100
percent better cuz we're gonna Dublin in
like two days
yeah yeah no into the circus
hello Eduardo pick up ooh
close the door close your doors hmm
hey do I do hello hobby where did you
come from where did you come from huh
where did you come from hmm
huh as you guys did all supposed to just
come home with the Dare gate was open
he's doing here all day
hi what
Eduardo keeps moving right away guys we
have not yet caught him moving well we
know we know you're under move mister
alright cuz he was sitting in a
different angle last time but the other
day I put him there and I came in he was
underneath this thing I was like how did
you get there huh
he's on the move legs huh what are you
watching American Housewives or
something
u-turn is that good Oh New York your
face let it go let it go me I guess what
guess what the dozens went for a walk
with Helen didn't you guys yeah whoever
watches it Helen
yeah see no you were just there it's not
happening again
you don't like what no way
seriously like yes Cena hey you just
came back
who's this Tito so uh Albie and Cena
both walked off the leads today you need
to amend our form because um you know
when you first like sign do a signed
agreement thing we had said initially
only the two the mummy and daddy I'll be
and Cena could be at all but she really
wants to let me off so and I think she
and he'll have a really good fun like he
always tries to run back run away with
her not really but like you know he and
Cena always run off when she's leaving
and are like my boy it is dinnertime um
what's going on there why she's hot like
two already
Emilia
oh sorry boy did it
uh-huh did you push over a Christmas
tree lar yeah ah how did you push over
the Christmas tree
show me meaning I was telling em I
answer that she pushed over a Christmas
tree oh oh
fire wha what the fire you your fire
you like fire no Eduardo doesn't like
fire no cuz it's water like marshmallows
who's Amelia like marshmallows
yeah what do you like to do with
marshmallows guess hot marshmallows yes
hot yeah do you put them over a flame
and turn them Glee yeah do you like to
do that yeah blue blue blue blue blue
yeah that makes fire we have not lit it
yes you could light it actually good
luck you what are you getting in there I
don't know if you should get all right
yeah she's uh she's going in there now I
forgot about the bass I was downstairs
the thing is over floated I'll be too
much I'll be fine for Amelia I mean it
would love this fact is deep but am
eduardo will be swimming at night
everyone give mommy a hug and goodbye
how are we gonna go inside now it's the
nighttime process rhymes
ed why don't you say Nate Nate
let's go let's go he's actually mean is
very clingy mom tonight I think yeah I
think so too
okay let's go let's get some books does
anyone want to come with dad oh goodness
okay well oh by myself don't wanna be
cell does anybody love me I think it's
really plenty of it I was like come on
with the backside no I need mommy to
read from your book you know she gets
this idea in her head that she just
needs mommy to read the book you know
and then I am their insight into our not
so much disciplining but just a little
parenting trick that we use that we
don't let Amelia rule the roost I think
it's really important not to let her get
away with things like that you know to
make sure that you know if I gave in and
you know read her the book then she
would think that okay in future to get
my own way all I need to do you know and
that's how we manage to sort of snap at
the tantruming you know what happened a
little bit when we first came across
condoms but then we were able to sort of
stop the tangents were happening but
just kind of like being kind of not
letting her win ever ever that's the
lesson of today's video folks beste to
mom and dad say anyway thanks for watch
this video hope you had a good time hope
you enjoyed yourself and I'll see you
guys tomorrow and hit the like button
and subscribe and the best jizz of
goodwill to mankind like
