good morning you've got tears in his
eyes because the judges repeated to him
one day that we're stealing on your
breakfast hmm
they seem much better this morning yeah
because we're going but Emma's gonna be
minding you all right
trap minders gonna put them to bed and
everything because I think should we
find the things that that you really
enjoy her so I'm not worried about that
why have you got a pass alpha bite on
your neck anyway my skin is burning my
skin is gone insane honestly it's like
so bad right now I don't even know what
to do about it I think that your fault
not really but I think it's hormones and
stuff I don't know
anyways let's get some breakfast let's
get some breakfast time to go okay okay
Oh Mandarin man your Mandarin Mandarin I
think there are clementines I'm not sure
but yeah like those don't you mm-hmm
he really likes mandarins oh yeah I
forgot to show you guys yesterday I
spent ages this keeps it chopped for it
which I always get sucked in I'm like
I'll just try a little drawing and then
I just get sucked in and I'm here for
like hours trying to just perfect my
masterpiece and it never turns out to be
a masterpiece
very simple look I did this even though
we're in England and we don't celebrate
Thanksgiving but she used to when I was
small so and we not even when I was
small like up until it kind of recently
afternoon compadres
so we shoot kind of an interview we did
the other day with the Telegraph well
part of their the feature they're doing
they wanted to have pictures of myself
and Anna as kids as well so I don't just
email me some pictures over this morning
I was like oh no I need to get some
cities are these are my only kid
pictures Christmas picture I get it it's
my first school teacher the birthday boy
that was but it's not I know they all
all my again is lad something don't be
looking at that don't get first G Chris
hold on let's point the camera this way
okay so you know we don't know what's
what's coming up here I'm 22 I was in
kilkenny at the time I'm still running
today oh that's right I look like when I
was about 22 in five sorted twenties
this little fella here that's my
grandfather my dad and my ads that was
me graduating school
hmm let's meet swimming but yeah
it's kind of what it looked like that's
a nice shooting video play your song
I'll get it back look
Emelia Thomasina Emilia Thomasina get
yourself buddy you're a funny buddy what
did you fall in there what's going on
what's going on yeah get out of there
hey Wow nice dear ballet do your ballet
moves nice ballet moves do your pointy
toes pointed toes well that's nice I did
good you good toes not itõs good chose
not itõs good nice towage you're gonna
be a ballerina boy oh yeah look at this
she's open Yasin calendar it could be a
dancer like me you're gonna be a dancer
like your dad hey I I will no no
bring it in oh it's like the ninki dog
oh you might all go wrong oh I didn't go
fast
all right it's gonna get it has to go in
the road well you dragged it over to
school careful you have to driving or
you're driving over a shell Hotel
I mean er careful no driving over a
hoedown
no you put it over down you have to
drive on the road this is the road you
have to drive on the road right when
your Road that's the beach or no you do
brothers who knew oh I hate it why does
own car gonna push you good good ok ok
ready go ready ready go
can you make a turn can be going to turn
made the train by the way there's no one
here dragon loving open the door is like
or do not let it go it was frozen is
realizing it's so complicated so we
rapper district line that's what we
almost gave up we're gonna get a taxi
we're not no we gotta stay strong
yeah they're not like money for
Londoners mate district line this one
Victoria yeah yeah we're okay broken
yeah but you know what that was gonna be
the wrong way embankment platform cable
okay it's so complicated that's not in
question
it seems right seems like an undergrad
how cool is that bridge city so pretty
it's all lit up
haven't got kids look at rich though
they're cool so we are in
or embankment which is running
Westminister somewhere
I think we just follow these things
pretty hot building yes isn't it so
pretty look up bring that girl is okay
so pretty
uh you're looking around seed the pal
come on look at this man's madness the
madness with nighttime look at this
place
this is killer I'm guessing waiter where
we're going here
we're always lost in London did you say
every time we come in they were like
where the hell are you going hey this is
cool though isn't it in about 10 years
we'll have this place Austin I never
moved to New York can be lost again is
this even the right place is I here
tight no it's like you know I'm lost
please help me okay
this place is cool isn't it this is the
battery this happens always this is the
part you don't even see in the bugs
Oh though she said okay oh I never told
you why we're at a party Zoey's party
he's over here this is there there's no
way
we got food and they have an AO bar and
a Francesca for Jessica in practice I'm
Zoe
as always a good party when the shoes
have been removed you know and always
acts like me I would say take your shoes
off Terry over me he's always tearing
over you
I know
the pillow we're stealing it okay don't
tell anybody
no a little mess for a billion right so
cute she's gonna love that
Oh an LV scene on ebay a new video
Bianca
this is our dinner for tonight I'm not
really like so we're stuck in elevators
but we didn't get on the internet for
limited edition signed and everything
the friend in the middle device the
Jesse's got into the game works well
we'll go Francesca guys so basically
always you're Francesca I'm not go this
way look Victoria we're going down we
made it through translation
that's why in my head
alright let's try to find a way home
get all the loot you back books and
pillows now
Oh keys you had one anyone take all our
books
everything went right today it was like
perfect the subway another thing we made
everything like guys we're back at the
car look now oh my goodness did it clink
yeah Oh
Rosen let it go oh my goodness but that
was so much faster and way back right I
wonder it again still awake okay frozen
barely been an ice punch okay level of
frost eNOS tonight lads oh my goodness
look at your car it's a spa are you
feeling better Eduardo oh so I think I
think I was because we had a set of
breast milk and then he had his dinner
and then he got more breast milk that's
why he chose wasn't sick though he's a
good boy he okay it was kind of fun no I
know like they were still awake and I'm
a felony back there still away from we
got home but then I was like that's kind
of cool because I kind of missed them
you know cuz then you get home you just
want to hug them within their sleep they
like wait it's like probably yeah so it
was cool that you guys are still awake
when we got home look it wasn't that
late either we had so much fun huh
Amelia loved her pillow from war we whoa
is pillow
hey thanks so much for watching today's
video hope you enjoyed our time in the
Big Big Smoke they're really big smoke
really really big every time we can we
get lost it's so complicated isn't it
still complicated um watch it and you
know if you're a like button presser
feel free how
go to town lads have the time of your
life and leave us some comments so is
good a good old nighttime read lads and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
