here comes Santa Claus here comes Santa
Claus right down Santa Claus Lane even
though it's November it's dark enough to
be December and it seems Christmasy
because we have a Christmas tree
good morning friends did you enjoy that
rendition that was a little something I
just made up for you just to make your
day a little bit better here some have
some candy it's not candy
don't eat that oh my god it's one of
those things I'm gonna glitter my hands
all day down support Amelia he see the
trolls of it now she had the kind of a
cold going on that she's like hardcore
you okay no no you're not okay
we had some pink medicine this morning
didn't we yeah oh maybe we shouldn't
have gone into an activity just like she
wasn't that bad Eduardo had a bot and
then we sorted Eduardo eyes and then
Amelia got it now he's kind of he's
pretty good now you know she's got the
whole lot to light and run it's got full
lights again but I'm Amelia making the
trolls of it now so we just maybe we
should do an extranet save some time
maybe update over the giver to couples
today or something angel that's when
they queue to say it's the worst feeling
ever
please you're so helpless like and you
know it's like as an adult you know it
it's just a cold and it's there's not
really any cure for cold it's just
something that it kind of goes away
Charlotte yes Watson juice juice the
nutrigrain you know
you know he's a man no you look like a
snowman or something
he looks snuggly snuggly the bug in a
rug you didn't wake up laughing a little
bit of Ronnie's there though
no you guys have that you get heavy oh
my goodness he took a pair of scissors
that's not allowed is it good team they
have a safety piece on we're gonna cut
your nails now is not right
Oh Eduardo likes the teddy bear here I
tried oh you like the teddy bear and the
baby one excited come on so Amelia is
wearing is bow right and it's got a
cupcake on it and it's called the
immediate bow come here let me see your
phone can I see it I just want to show
somebody can I see it's got a little
cupcake on it it is so cute and it's
actually called the Amelia bow so the
place that sent her bows the ones who
serve they're the ones with the kind of
like thin strap to them or thin headband
to them it's called le Rose bows and
clothes
I always link it on my blog but anyways
um they created that bow for Amelia and
it's actually called the Amelia bow okay
we're on line one the most have always
like we started singing machado up these
things like
so that everywhere am I gonna get in on
this
you're so cool Sarah meet as Elsa notice
the other day she's coming busca so cool
the two was read like sit down and I was
like good you know the must have toys
and you're like frozen dolls enchanted
and so water yeah I'm not going wait on
Amazon Prime movies like limited supply
or what you know it's like a media I
think on to the age where she's like she
wants the toy that you know I feel like
you owe four hours to get but she maybe
she does sure I'm excited for those I
want those don't let her see it though
no make sure I see it
so yeah we tell her yeah we're matching
myself an antibody warmest are they
called
here's the G late mines a man lay you
take this one
Joanna was like oh I think I'll nip that
into the shops this is what time was
this time last week this when you went
to get a tick Eduardo don't eat the
books that's buddy looks like it weirder
well than a little top and all yeah he I
think he has off - go let's go go Coco
Coco Coco - Liam this is a reindeer food
is actually like porridge with sprinkles
wait that's not a reindeer boot the
brandy you put it in your garden i
christmas night and it works as like a
guiding trap
is it simply Oh was it do we just in
covers enjoy secret yeah sky thing
alright so look what we picked for
anyway yeah you put this down check into
the room and I'm at Oh
the range is my land they got to be
careful because unless you want Rangers
landing in your driveway your garden at
night Emilien Eduardo got letters from
Santa Claus how cool is this dear Amelia
the elves are helping me pack the sleigh
with the shiny presence including a two
year old girl guess who that's for yes
Amelia I spotted Eduardo Zin a pile how
exciting and then Eduardo came straight
after Eduardo no he knew you knew Santa
knows everything Amelia
he knows when you've been naughty or
nice so you better be good for goodness
sake I totally butchered that's up you
go something like that
Eduardo yes you look like a cool dude
look at him not used to seeing him with
that kind of a hat that's the one that
we brought in his hospital bike like
complete idiots thinking well I actually
said I don't know I think needs about
seven and a half months it would
probably fit in perfectly oh I know you
love to me more than you can but don't
eduardo who do you love more he say
Maddalena evidence video evidence he was
trying to understand you was not he
looked at et say mama hey mama
no no the way you girls are these like
conversations which are I use to the
looks of well then to do to Bardo by
Albert is like me yeah you're going to
bring a shoe at you I need to bring a
shoe Pooh free this one why you put it
on
oh yeah hi guys welcome to a tutorial I
have it to dress your child hurry up
it's there
so Jonathan and I decided that we would
need for a quick about printed lace pad
I'm great just some bread
whenever modern talking about yeah
here's some bread just some lunch cut to
an hour later we're still in the car
Royal I hope I meet is asleep there she
really like so how far away is this
Tesco cuz there is no chance but I know
we're just like mom wasn't so because
this is an ages away
um the camera broke I don't forgot to
reformat the card we're blaming him so
around the old life in here Randy iPhone
are looking cute I wasn't going to blog
right but that is like oh my god you
guys are missing am this serious
cuteness for picking your nose
we're in the biggest Tesco in the world
carried away
yeah go for that nice
it smoothly Brad
when Sammy's reread is actually going as
a proposal a
I'll get them get them leave it much
better
all the time don't write off until the
duardo hmm okay up because I see you
later part of the Crescent Park my
personal shopper just grabbed anything
Scrabble and readers me you got it you
got it you got it
don't go up what are you guys doing
smashing into the game I really am you
have a pie and we're just grabbing
everything everything we're back in the
big camera folks look at these think it
is or texturized bread Melia is gone too
bad
Bardeen yo you still up you can't really
joke
Edoardo think this is wonderful because
Eduardo has like what is that
so yeah water actually ended up with
Amelia's cross on do you like a cross on
they were like at the cross song do the
doggy that the cousin did the dog is
that the cusan do I don't like the
cousins but yeah hopefully Miguel gets
better soon poor little thing I hate my
kids are sick I feel so helpless
so I was just heating up
Eduardo's puree and whoops put on for
one minute 30 seconds instead of 30
seconds well it's do you like 35 seconds
sunday brown
oh my god why oh why I told Jonathan to
wait kids but he thinks that they should
sleep because they're sick which I agree
with like obviously when you're sick all
you want to do is sleep but it's like
half past one okay so I have six it's
almost a stick and they have been asleep
for so long and I don't want to want to
be up all night tonight but they are
pretty like well I mean you guys forget
let's sorry Jake and they are quite sick
so you may keep them up a little bit
later and then just send them to bed
earlier because usually they go to bed
at like half-past seven
but there's no way in how they're going
to better half seven if it's almost half
past six right now I'm making dinner and
I wanted to make them something like
just really filling and something that
is kind of like comfort food and
something that will fill them up and
just get them better so I'm making one
of their favorites which is pasta but
I'm making it with usually I do this
with turkey mince but today I'm doing it
with lamb because Jonathan couldn't find
turkey mince I don't think and also I
thought lamb would kind of fill them up
I don't know I thought they could do
with some red meat so we're doing lamb
and then I've just got some veggies as
well there is always a chose from the
tomato sauce peppers and also a bit of
zucchini which you can't even let me see
but it's in there is some onion and I
think that's it is Amelia sick
yeah Amelia's sick okay hold on let me
check go check your ear
under zakat 36.6 you want to do mommy
yes same people do daddy thank you daddy
got crazy point for know that Emilia
seems to me yeah we got the same we're
okay as long as it's under 37 can she
woke up like awfully in a bad way
what's going on here Brenda way to TV
hey doc doctor mom is here come here
baby here it's grandma oh how do i flip
the thing over yeah
and it's making a dog sniff the old us
so we're boiling the kettle we're going
to make a little sort of homemade
humidifier ease or the congested
congestion the job' here 1 1 to 12 put
here I might sprinkle some on di unrated
you don't have the burner thing yeah
strong hi hi it's it's medicine water ah
be careful be careful it's medicine
water yeah you can smell that you want
to snip it you smell it do you like it
we'll just leave it here okay and we'll
go back downstairs okay we're gonna make
you feel better okay yeah
make you feel better I like it Troy he
said Eduardo's toy Oh a newbie
he's an Amelia's crown huh
Queen the media oh hey oh right pump
there's this scallywag I mean that will
be better soon
hopefully come on let's get out of here
dare to 1046 Terry did it did it did it
it did it it it it it it then look at me
neither
let me visit in a train I mean is a
train that's I definitely think I'm that
definitely helped last night do bad
stuff definitely am cleared or senses up
and stuff yeah so hopefully another day
or two of that it's funny cuz both
meeting Eduardo at the same level of the
sickness but um it appears that I media
it's just she's taking it much harder I
think it's because you know she she's
more aware she's like self aware of her
own body and how she feels and she can
talk and she can express herself you
know so I think she's just feeling a bit
down you know where Eduardo is just like
well I guess this is life anyway thanks
for watching this video don't forget to
give it a like in them if you like to
click things give the like button a
click and if you like to leave comments
for this is the perfect place to leave
an old comment and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
