oh hi there Amelia yeah
did you have a nice sleep last night did
you
oh my goodness rods no sleep last night
no sleep this little fella Connor me no
sleep calm she woke up she was up as you
saw about midnight or so and we got her
back down at around 1:00 or so and then
she woke up in about four and she
wouldn't go back there and so we took
him to our bed which means she's not
gonna sleep at all but she's just gonna
say nursery rhymes and kick us until I
go demented of course the little hot in
here did not wait last night had Amelia
not played her little game we would have
got a full night's sleep
no last night we are asleep
is this is this some sort of a viewing
going on here is your somewhere
reviewing we got iPads tables what's
been going on in here little snowmen
look at a certain snowman look at this
is a snowman huh what's going on here
guys are nice you got your chair yeah
mary had a little lamb little lamb oh
mama
huh let's go downstairs so funny Richard
are you sitting in there looking at it
right up that was gonna that was going
on is it that was going on you know got
a crazy person come on
do you wanna build a snowman did it hit
it in an air you're so cute look at your
snowman man there's no women
this happens I mean he got
sleep-deprived she sings nursery rhymes
all night long
what don't forget to scream
don't forget to scream welcome what'd
you give her a home why are you mocking
my childhood you made me sick
are you mocking my time yeah why are
there black lines on this screen you
don't have your things weird oh I'm not
wearing my wedding ring or my bracelet
oh my god no way you're anyway oh my god
you don't even have one okay I was
commercial dope I think I win that fight
um immediate has a story to tell you
guys about the fact that our dog walker
is sick but I'll let her tell you it's
Riku sugar I told her last night
basically she was saying that she was
asking me if the doggies were gonna go
for their walk and I said no cuz our dog
walkers oh she's not sick foot she's she
can't walk them right now um so I told
him Elia like the kind of child story of
you know what's going on and then she's
repeated it back to both of us or she
told Jonathan this morning and it was so
cute really really good at retaining
information and repeating I told her
that like in the dead of night last
night when she woke up but all the times
that she was working for if someone says
it was were should take their
information jamala and she be able to
happy that that's really in sign of
intelligence I think yeah and like she
was thinking about her for ages when I
was asking her like all the little
details and stuff she wasn't she she was
like thinking about it is you're not
even looking access in her brain yeah
trying to remember what it was that I
told her but anyway it was really good
Oh guys why isn't meeting a slipper
right there spot the imposter
hello hi I'm the seventh dog Wow what is
it
daddy's present let's see what Heidi got
this morning
it's very pretty oh I think that's just
packaging okay you hold onto these yeah
okay
you can hold onto that part there and
this part here these are really
important parts okay Wow hmm get open
this part up okay you can open this part
I think this part opens here this part
here this part here cool huh
neck cool good morning again my little
friendly friend huh he was in his friend
he is my friend Lee's friend he's my
friend Leah's boyfriend no boyfriend
could you be my boyfriend he's full of
those nuts Nazis Oh
36.4 little man you don't have a
temperature that's good
off we go on a mommy-daughter adventure
daddy and I was gonna say Jonathan some
good word upstairs and we're gonna try
this again because I'm determined I'm
gonna part I'm scared
this right now right away but just
pretending like I'm not yes it's getting
mommy's card would you like to see a
little something of interest like oh
that's it that's all you saw that's it
say nothing to no one shhh oh so quiet
doo doo doo doo
oh god I parked look I got a parent and
toddler parking Oh
score we're here in media we made it we
say I have my wallet and everything else
that I need it's like so we're gonna go
to marcin's now
if it weren't for these parking spaces
though I would be screwed although there
were a lot of free ones up there so I
was lucky today I'm just not gonna come
during like the rush that's what I'm
gonna do
all right which yogurt you want
this is very serious you want which one
a horsie one this one that's a cow do
you like that when you actually eat that
you like cows or do you want look just
one with that one this one deals have
been done and you're going to need a toy
I'm kind of excited collected ones now -
we have a whole host of different ways
that we're going to collect so we're
going to get a cat toy right we're going
to get a cat toy which isn't really a
cat toy
so we're actually watching this um the
tickets have gone Lize they went live at
Wednesday the 19th at 10:00 a.m. so it's
Tuesday now but it's Wednesday 2:19 past
10:00 a.m. when you're watching this so
um if you wanted to go to the secure
code isn't Dublin on a turkey I'll
remember
I travel block figures out I can see a
little of that pickings run turn their
lights and let me take it to go oh oh
what did we get show what without a
tuning is it cinnamon it's cinnamon but
we have to give it to the lady okay this
is always the hard part she never wants
to give it over well okay not right you
don't like that part do you I know look
Monty came along too
hey Monty we're home we made it
amia wake up we're home
mommy made it she brought you home just
a tea it's all right
I feel so excuse her because when my
during the summer on my mom and my
sisters were over I was like driving all
the time and I just felt way more like I
was doing it like all the time and then
as soon as they left we actually went to
Italy and then ever since I came back I
just stopped driving just gotten worse
and more than words so I just feel oh no
what did I just do well it's a couple of
hours later Nessa Toni Jolie's are still
here and made it home from buying me
beer no singing hi hi Melia my amelia do
hee Juicy Lucy you can have juicy now
put that back in the fridge right that
bag in the fridge that back in the
fridge come here come here
put that what up hi everybody got you
here why I guess what if I get a bridge
what am I getting afraid
you put that back in the fridge right
this instant you put that back in and we
make this instant ho hey pops okay now
you've gotten a bottle of wine there
you've got a bottle of wine you're gonna
drink that
give me that you can't be drinking about
Lauren no you can't have the juice with
a bit Nana oh nana will you do with the
Hannah what do you do with the man all
the bones on the floor what are you
getting like I got half way to it give
me that necklace you be heck Nana
oh no you drop the Nana on the floor
hold it in her hand no it's a big advice
for a sick child you seem to have dig
deep and found the energy huh stop
licking your snots would you know it's
not liquor
Oh families that call together stay
together okay let's go let's go 100
which one hand they're going to our
dough one hand that let's go Oh 100
godard oh don't worry don't go or no go
go go word oh he didn't I think you're
old enough to enter the school of Joffe
jokes is walking Academy the finishing
school of walking Academy
are you ready you ready little man you
think you are first take an item I've
must need it must wanted the goal right
this is our technique this is part I
don't know if this is what everybody
does this is what we did for Amelia that
worked right you get behind him and you
hold is it leggies okay go push to hold
them up Kwan you give the little just so
he learns to push come on go go go go go
you gone you can do it you can do it
everybody chant you can do it I can do
it I can't do it time come on big push
big push Go Go Go Go don't give up
oh you did it you did it you did it but
I've got some bad news
uh-oh what that mean does that mean okay
welcome the show he's walking Academy
that seems more of your street you know
it seems more of your street then
oh my goodness for a second there like
she's standing carry our rhythm to them
maybe you're just not made for crawling
maybe part of a standard look at him
madness huh you just a standard but your
things that your standard so what you
like light careful don't lose your
balance concentrate concentrate master
secure surely one simply doesn't just
walk hmm in case you might miss little
toes
okay take a step forward take a step
board go for it go for it go for you
come on this is gonna be in your best of
bits this will be one of those montage
videos if your first day walking oh yeah
it's Eduardo dude yes it where they're
standing up you can stand up with him
thank you he's so happy mm-hmm we're
gonna have a bad time friends have
agasshi a wire doesn't sleep everybody
okay so everyone has to be really really
quiet
do you like the Eduardo is standing yeah
was that cool you guys could be friends
you guys can run around together well
you guys can stand together first is
Emma coming yeah no spoilers okay that's
for tomorrow guys okay Emma's coming
tomorrow for you guys today for us yeah
because we're little bit of a read you
on your birthday situation today today
is Anna's birthday again
sans de meetings yeah it's an owl well
it's a mug boy I think or I don't know
what that is what they call them or
Furby or something yeah I do you is it
amazing don't forget guys the tickets
are
on sale for Jolie's Dublin meetup know
you guys are thinking to go out minds
yeah are you going to the meetup Amelia
yeah yeah one media is going will you
better get your tickets don't forget to
get the video no Lickety like if that's
your your prerogative of your
international mean and leave me be leave
a nice comment as well you know um hey
subscribe if you're new these come every
single day welcome welcome to the air
friendliest friend Academy of fun time
okay I got a good turn on smart help
here for you get in trouble see a smart
next which watchin goodbye
