morning family friends puppy chritsmas
we're doing the calendar shoot oh no I
did this thing for this ad how much
article thing that's it
it's a Christmas team going but they
wanted to like set the heads up
constancy and everything this morning I
was like turns out we have a Christmas
tree already lit and everything we're
almost there and we have all the stuff
set up the last one so we're right as
rain Eduardo right as rain obvious a
head of the table morning look we came
no Francesca brought it for me look
another one my other channel look I know
we've got three of them don't we got
this Israel look it's Monty the penguin
from John Lewis they don't do a thing
when it's the goodest they brought the
best out of encounter in the world
hmm that's just open 24 that's what you
do what business ever know we're like
and we're saying it's for mums who don't
want their kids yes good thinking there
a banana
don't tell the media this is what
happens another photo shoot the dog is
wearing clothes again and all that
alby's one no it's so cute
those feelings why no no you want to
dress up as Santa Claus down there I
think you look so cute looking the
doggies
what you want to get up you want to
watch okay don't open the door
oh look frozen dog syndrome Jessica put
her here she hasn't moved you know you
know you look so cute on movies look so
cute look we have for breakfast today
cookies YUM and cake what kind of cake
is that is that like Christmas cake yeah
and it does not like Christmas cake but
I do
we bought custard yesterday all right
you can't mince pie of the Christmas
cake I'm putting this funny because we
are in it since we come here what we
call putting that that is pudding do you
guys call pudding like dessert yeah yeah
yeah what you want for pudding I'm like
pudding yeah oh you look so pretty
it's dad you got freedom look I got a
reindeer top it's a different kinda
green in the red one put a sheet do
today
we went the red one so today I want my
reindeer it's like that right there hey
daddy's me in there Oh like mommy's
right here
no I'm here
do you like Amelia's reindeer no he's
really you got a heart very pretty
right mommy's one huh going to the daddy
get one no
morning again my little friendly friend
hi you excited to see me
you excited to be awake yes you are
little man
don't be downstairs those are fun people
yeah we go again
sure one more time
you want to cross on how we hope you'll
excuse me get mad sometimes you wanna
 around you
how many cross ons when I make what you
want to give me a token when I give it
water have it a bagel amigo
no just a cross on it is less well don't
don't you don't you steal that don't you
steal that don't do it oh how did you
are everyone's gone you want milk or
mark Mark's milk oh why is it gold you
want me to run :
geez Francesca what yeah but I wanted a
gold one zero make it gold make it rain
it's a monk remarks everyone is gone
they said that it's
it's gonna be out in there like what you
said second week in December turn me can
I know you want to see I know it's gonna
be in December it's gonna be cool I'll
let you know before I come set it though
now you can see your mom he does - I see
draw look we got though we scored some
pudding look at this thing it's a
monster and I got look I got a sec -
back here it's custard yeah that's
encruster I am going to devour it a
thing what are these things so young and
some mince pies oh yeah yeah
is that a teddy bear did you get a
penguin today yeah
what's the Penguins name yeah do you
remember the Penguins name
I like your jumper Monty say Monty Mundy
from John Lewis go find him go find him
I have your room you're welcome it's so
pretty
I love your jumper - it's very nice you
woke up good girl
let's open your curtains
it's not really morning but it gets so
dark here what you say okay that's
wicked word Oh daddy sama his daddy's
camera yeah she sounded like it that day
all right we've got some good news
everybody
so we finally got all the Dublin meetup
stuff narrowed down and oh boy I am
never ever organizing a live event ever
again this will be the only time in my
life I am coming to do a live event I
wanted to have like a big free event
right now like yeah cool let's go do
that
okay hi can I get the conference in or
sure it's like 40,000 euros what what so
I was like um maybe I was just like
having Phoenix Park or like stephen's
green and stuff yeah let's totally do
that
what's that Guardi that's the police you
will arrest and you will actually think
it's all right I need a license to do
that and that's not going to happen
either right so what can I do
you can rent sort of a smaller venue and
just pack as many people as you can in
there but you won't actually get to meet
anybody because
and you only have an allocated time so
we'll be literally bye bye hi bye bye I
won't even spend any time with you soon
and I'm like I don't want my friends to
feel like they're on a conveyor belt and
that my friends is the struggle of my
life thank you that's what I've been up
against for the last few months trying
to organize this you know and I really
want to go on tour you know bring our
bring us around and you know go already
UK and Scotland and Wales and go all
around Europe and then maybe America and
Asia and Australia New Zealand and sorry
about mr. country but I'm trying to
think of everything I think we can we
got the button factory in Dublin there
is only a limited manner tickets
available and I do apologize if you're
not able to make it this time but don't
worry because we're gonna do it again
we're gonna do much a bigger event you
know we're gonna see how this goes and
then maybe do a bigger event i neva
better news you'll be able to order the
calendars for collection on the day now
if you don't get a ticket and your
friend does get a ticket your friend
will be able to get you a calendar
because there'll be no limit on the
amount of calendar so you can get or
collect your calendar you will need to
have a ticket to the event and the
security will be really strict about
that but I'm on the same day we're gonna
try and organise that when the tickets
go on sale tickets I think it's going on
sale on Wednesday at 10 a.m. from the
cotton factory website I will leave a
link down below but when the tickets go
on sale we'll hopefully try and get the
shop open for the condos plist forum all
around the world
take the Condors really available for
everybody on the planet and maybe the
international space station if anyone's
going past the International Space
Station and they happen to know somebody
up there it's looking for saucony choice
counter top hit me up I followed them
all on Twitter big fans love what you
did to the comet the little robot taking
pictures amazing so I'm really sorry if
you are unable to make it this time
now and I'm really excited to meet as
many you guys as we can
I don't know a piece of moss a piece of
Mars
a Marconi lunch and it's not this right
here
Amelia will you change your tire don't
snap you please don't put your finger in
say bye friends
yes a nice look what I'm waiting for
it's the pre-order Daniel oh no it's not
an ad it's a it's a pre-order it's been
a it's a pre-order
you know usually go used to have to
queue bedside shops
yeah what time is it if I don't
think is why don't ya everybody think it
can't be sick for the meet up next week
okay you have to get better to meet on
our friends I know we got up we've got a
lot of hugging to do on that day
poor Emilia this is what happens we need
socialites never let your kids socialize
folks never leave the house at your
children this is what happens to many
activities it's gonna happen when you go
to school yeah
mommy and daddy you want to sleep in
mommy and daddy's bad to me
don't touch my sheepy hat don't touch my
sheepy hat that's my next day that's
gonna be my next music video
punched mushy pea her cheap cheapy yeah
don't don't do be had he's done she
took dad she'd be hurt
yeah that's about how my matching works
because listen to me now we did taking
me to my bed last night and it was the
most worst mistake ever because she gets
excited and sings nursery rhymes and
kicks us and we got no sleep and fun
hits nothing why don't manage to sleep
your whole night true which would have
been amazing in the media was not sick
and did not say up so I think we got a
combination of about three or four hours
sleep brillo pads brillo pads pads
promote pipelines so you feel sorry for
us hit the old like button it was no
comment and I shall see you guys
tomorrow day ah way back
