this is Anna driving this is Jonathan
driving leave comments which one you are
good morning except it's not morning
it's afternoon unless he's in the back
Jonathan and I are heading to the
doctor's because she has a temperature
for the third day in a row this is a
morning number three that she's broken
up with the temperature so I think she
actually didn't have one in the morning
off the first day I think was in the
evening like a late afternoon evening so
it hasn't been three full days but it's
still quite dangerous if they have a
flight little babies have temperatures
for definitely more than three days so
we need to take her in yeah and it seems
like one of her ears is worse than the
other like when I take her temperature
in each year I don't know if it's a
full-blown ear infection yet she has got
her little eyes are like so tired
looking like the way it were nose gets
when he gets an ear infection so I don't
know she does not look good
she's got conjunctivitis as well she's
usually such a good baby and it's just
so sad like she's just not being herself
like yesterday she pretty much just
cried and whinge and was sad and then
she can't really feed properly because
she has got a stuffed nose so it's
really really sad and she had just got
over a cold as well and then she just
picked up this one but this is total
third baby syndrome I don't know like
kind of because my friend Sabrina has
three boys and exactly the same thing
happened with her third it's because the
older to go to school yeah and we've got
pretty much the same age gaps between
our three kids and so it's just
unfortunate for the third one when
they're a baby and the other two are in
school it's just gonna happen it's
inevitable so I just put the good thing
is cuz you call the am the NHS in the
morning and you have a baby that's sick
they see you straightaway yeah which is
good because if I rang about Amina
edoardo they'd be like the next
appointment is January next year
no they're usually quite good with kids
like around but
well naptime is like coming up to
half-past twelve so it's exactly her now
I hope she doesn't have and your
infection like we did wardo has also
cause she doesn't like um she doesn't
like taking the medicine and so I felt
like with Eduardo when he got put on
antibiotics it was like antibiotics Cal
Poly saline spray yeah yeah exact in
Sorrento that time and it was just like
one of these things and the poor thing
is like rejecting it all cuz he's like I
don't want any more things it's really
sad I look like an airhostess like for
some sort of like green airline company
yeah kinda because you have to flag the
thing here what do you call them very
casual air hostess oh yeah yeah a little
air a little heat shoes did you get
these things
it makes up me you made did you make
them okay no it'd be alright me looks
like actually building the air doctor's
office just for us
what are you doing oh god I don't know
why I friend that's funny
Jonathan's watching his little sci-fi
show it's mayhem in here well it's not
that bad it's just I've decided that I'm
clearing out my closet I don't know if
you guys remember what I did do it for
which section did I do I did it recently
enough yeah I carried out all the
maternity wear but I never actually
tackled this section right here which is
my chest of drawers and I've been
getting really into like color so I used
to be I used to be really into like
color palettes and color theory like
what color is flat or what people what
am I saying
like what color is flatter like your
what color is flat are you based on what
coloring you are so like your hair color
your eye color your skin color that kind
of thing I never actually lost interest
but like I started having babies
basically and like just buying stuff for
either like maternity or just for
comfort and then like recently I've been
just doing I feel like I've been doing
like a wardrobe like overhaul and I have
been really into it and I'm kind of just
like not wanting to wear black at all
black actually isn't in my color chart
anyway like I'm not really supposed to
wear black it's because I'm too fair
like my hair is too light so like Browns
I could do or I can do a charcoal gray
or yeah it just kind of depends so I'm
trying to just like go along with that
and clear out my closet this color
actually this is like a kind of like a
turquoise e green and this is actually
in my color chart and I never ever wear
it but I just thought I would be brave
and just get because I just don't wear
enough color I feel like I really want
to start wearing work
colors this is all like a mate so that's
a Christmas jumper which I am definitely
keeping and there's some things under
that that I'm definitely keeping this is
all like a maybe pile where like they're
nice things but they're not really the
colors that suit me so I'm just not
really sure but this is basically what
does suit me and I've cleared out all of
these and then I put back in these these
are all my colors like a hundred percent
I need to get rid of stuff like I am
hoarding so many clothes that I never
wear that I've got rid of all the stuff
that doesn't fit me anymore but like so
I'm ranting now so I'm gonna go and
finish this pajama drawer hey there
little princess hey princess are you
feeling you wanna get out hmm let me
think
oh no but you can't sleep all day oh
you're so cute
yeah wakey wakey eggs and Bakey
mmm didn't even like eggs and Bakey
doing come on let's go time he'll show
for life yeah anywhere coming in as her
you didn't have my key though I don't
need a key it knows it just knows me
it's like oh hey
this is such a nice car every time I get
in here I think that oh look you can see
is our special project it's a party car
who's trying to avoid the car beside you
there then you could wonder what is this
is that normal self this is Anna driving
this is Jonathan driving leave comments
which one you are
what's going on here so cute
how much is this one so cute
are you into selling dogs no the 50 dogs
behind ya I'd maybe let them go for like
a hundred million pounds 100 million
pounds
come on little fellas oh my goodness we
didn't even notice but show Emilia's new
toot has grown already okay fast that
grew let me see okay guys look at it
there I used to be a hole in your tooth
and look how fast your new tutor scroll
that's your big Tuesday you can look in
the mirror how exciting wardo is
currently using the services so we can't
see it right oh it's still great cuz
it's not high as the Sun it's an eye
it's not lying
no but it's oh boy I have fasted oh no I
love thin I talk maybe there's something
I was like what's going on who brought
that fella Joe who he is do you know him
do you
yeah yeah is for the end of the road yes
where are my two little children up to
huh my two naughty children and my one
good child guys the reality of children
is their nightmares we love them very
much Bush oh my goodness today for the
last few weeks it's being a backup okay
so I'm here I'm here for the show guys
okay okay ten when the show starting
five minutes okay I'm really excited
just getting ready for the next practice
your 50 minutes
Hey remember what I said we are going to
have guests I know we're gonna have
shape and set hut
there's a sheep and you're a shepherd so
you need to be shepherds and if we're
gonna have sheep and drop it you don't
take back okay
we're watching a sheep now pretend
you're asleep now and kneel down is it
bad now kneel down and right now we
might need to get hostile
we just couldn't look up start parents
or Spain or me something look at all the
towels down to that little cow
stand up okay other top okay sit stand
that and just not the pants okay Hey
look at all the towels in this table
tonight nothing about to that store look
at all the towels in his neighborhood
hot does he like I never have before
feeling so excited about your place to
see the baby boy see them dancing
everywhere thoughts upload with jewelry
you could now if you're don't you stand
up I don't hate this table tonight I
feel about in that store the kiddos are
zombies in this table tonight
I say nothing about before babies are
excited to see the baby born
I think everyone the hearts of builders
go back to places if you are Dukey it's
time to clap
it's Christmas time thank you for our
Christmas chef Chris merry Christmas to
you all
