so many things oh no that's gonna have
to build loads more things
Amelia's chair Eduardo's chair huh
I never got Amelia's table and it were
those table huh that's a bookshelf daddy
got a little wardrobe
Camilla got water got a wardrobe that's
a but the chair looks like a chair
what okay we're starting taking apart
here brought some stuff upstairs
Wow dad look at this huh do you like
that come on take it off we need to just
nip this part
wait for me
amelia is intent on moving this mirror
okay
yes me that's not right at all but I'm
just putting it there for now her
shelves it's so annoying but I love this
rug I know that it's carpet in here so
our rug doesn't really make sense but I
mean I think it kind of adds something
to the room I'm probably not going to
paint the walls or anything just because
we're not you know we're renting so I
don't really I'm sure it would be fine
but I'm like the effort it's I don't
know how long we're going to stay here
and you just don't know it's not the
same so I'm pretty
oh look I mean yeah I what Mei
that's what it says - okay
I love Sarah baby for boys and girl but
they're boys office particularly cute
next have cute stuff for girls as well
um but yeah Sarah baby have like what I
would consider my style for um boys I
think they're just adorable like the
little leggings and stuff so cool
leggings are just the best on him for
uncle Emilia it's gone I'm going to help
Emilia build you're in charge today you
take one of them and then what you do
you go bouncy bouncing this oh no what
do you do tell me I don't know you have
to help you have the instructions okay
you're the foreman okay hi boss I'd like
to know how to what to do was what do we
need to do one thing trees yeah that's
it destroy them on the floor knives
that's the official way oh yeah stick
that one on there then the biggest screw
in the world we need to go and connect
it into this part here do we know the
plan okay give me high five high five
boom yeah let's do this one of these can
you get the other two for me no just two
more in here I found another one and one
more
do you see it here daddy daddy's
building yeah okay we got the four of
them now do you know what this me what's
that an eye patch yeah eyepatch you know
look look you put it on I guess look
okay today for buildings and furniture
they give you protective eye goggles in
case you need them don't take a ah oh my
eyes that may be Amenia maybe you and I
should do like a DIY channel video thing
on YouTube did you like
a daughter building or something right
yeah that one yeah could you change
stereotypes we could break boundaries I
see Natalie college as a b-boy same cuz
I was saying about when I was here I
played my tools my dad steals and Anna
played in her mom's makeup I was not
being like gender specific or anything
it's like I don't think we're like that
at all you know we got accused of it
with the blue and the pink stuff or when
I was saying that I was just basically
reminiscing was what I did as a child I
never played in my mom's makeup I played
with my dad's tools because I don't make
up Salford for me we're not suggesting
Hugh agro seems like way more of a
sensitive soul in comparison to Amelia
you know I mean but you know I you know
secretly I wanted me to be a little
tomboy and being like with a little
shadow friend that she is I don't ever
want that to change why I know that will
change because she'll become a girl and
a woman and stuff and she'll have
different interests but should always be
my little baby girl huh no matter what
you do in life okay daddy
my baby the same with Eduardo you know
he seems to get more out of the ballet
classes then Amelia doesn't immediately
like say football more but that doesn't
necessarily mean that it's gonna stay
that way I'm sure it's gonna it might
change maybe alone yeah all right
oh they'll get kids back we're building
it together whoo we got it done
what do you think huh yeah cool all
right mommy's gonna put all the cushions
on and stuff now they naturally love one
direction there's something in the music
lads
what did you do I'm telling the story
little did I know lights and I was all
like oh I'm gonna have to do the
shopping today it all went terribly
wrong
oh and terribly wrong that's everyone
knows when you're learning to drive you
scratch your car's hit to right of
passage okay
I express many car when I learn to drive
okay it's normal okay
I know no I'll tell you dropping tender
car parts they move the walls around he
was at Raleigh Bay they moved to trolley
Bay it saw you coming it's not your
fault
Oh finally passed and everybody was
looking at yes even the children the
back they were all staring please stop
no like and I was goofy by myself I
couldn't even like Daniel good my phone
was a little understand why the
Bluetooth wouldn't connect don't know
okay okay everybody does it
everyone scratches cars and then you
scratch the wireless that's before so
now it just looks like it did before
it's not that bad and the more you don't
wash the car the more kind of covers up
yeah
so why cuz they were all like they
warned over like wow that girls so
pretty why they were like oh my goodness
they were just like she's so amazing but
it why do it crying no no they see it's
okay though it's okay so we're gonna do
now is we're all as a family because I'm
worried that why this is gonna scare
Anna and she's gonna never go ahead
again I like having stupid like letting
people informant me they would get in
front of me
space no no it's okay you're all right
it's just a joke what are you holding
this is a joke just a joke yeah you
didn't have it all why didn't you help
mommy let's come up with a solution to
the problem oh my oh my godness ah you
just have to get used to it on edge we
need to move to America because
apparently it's easier to drive Jennifer
the other day said it was easier to
drive in America than it is in England
we're just gonna go left left
Oh what you just it's like you know if
you don't ride a bike you know it's
something you figure I had to ride the
bike but you become rusty and that's all
that's wrong with you you just rusty
just gotta get out more what what you
have one health event thing do you want
another one
yeah daddy wouldn't - everybody's
starving hey garage I was like where you
go we no no no the guy over there I was
like what Asian oh let's just follow
this car and just do every Sunday do oh
yeah I was kind of funny it's really
pretty looking with it sunburst intro
and the golf players dolphin dolphin
along
lunatic driving dress that falling break
red and green and brown and blue they're
the really useful roles to play far away
all right it's pi night pi night
hi talkin bout pi now hide faded pilot I
got PI hey I got pies they're multiplyin
and i'm losing control
gotta pee now chicken a mushroom note
sighs chicken bacon meat chicken bacon
and leek hi
the big cake that's your plate there now
like civilized pop star remember you and
my heart yeah where are you huh look
we've I can never seem to say he's
picked up a meeting is on TV I'm here
like oh oh right you guys want to see my
mancave update who Koons this is my job
so got my office II guess care you hear
who you work from now the MacBook sits
there and connects but it also does
connect directly to that screen if you
want it if you wanna I put up the shelf
thing here so pretty nice and clean
which better new toy I got my wardrobee
stuff here
all my words will be stuff for most
things to be just hanging writer behind
the wall then obviously the wardrobe
wardrobe yes in there I'm probably gonna
get this mounted up against this wall or
the mirrors at the moment but right now
it's sitting there and hang my little
character I built today so I'm gonna go
into focus but how cool is that isn't it
look so neat this nothing is actually
part of the unit and then I took the
tripod thing working stuff boom bitch
sit here
ps4 sitting in there it's on standby
because it may download if I forget I
have pre-ordered GTA so it turns itself
on and downloads when it's ready but I
yeah it is cool your fan do you like it
there's room for one more
that's actually for Amenia this way one
for the cat instead of just like a lazy
board or something because I was like
you know what - might be time I were
just like me need water or
something so or your friend or me and
Anna the kids advanced - yeah we got
like it's almost like a second sitting
room and it's really cool there's a good
part of our class he's gonna cheat me
for today Jovi's man cave
kids in the bath and it seems to think
that she can build something she wants
to get involved contribute we got that
party um you guys may remember last time
and I build something I think it was a
chair I think it's the very chair that
is falling apart or just the drawers I
think are actually is that the official
method is that what it shows a picture
of somebody watching a novel or you need
a hammer or just a temper the Anna's
using the whitening method first time
IKEA builder first timers always used to
buy Viking measures already made does it
just flop out Oh apparently door
something in the media's room apparently
there's something in Amelia's room what
is it what's in a medium Hey
what is it that you love it is that a
media you may fall apart any second now
or you can read your book oh I know
do you want one too you know man you
want one too a blue one I don't want to
be one too
yeah down okay we'll do that tomorrow
buy that tomorrow okay and you get a
table too but stupid IKEA messed up they
did actually only came with three legs
it's a long queue like seriously we
checked the box numbers and tree legs
thank you our pink chair give mommy ok
we'll read that one I hate when she
picks like the German and the Italian
ones it's complicated for me
ein-zwei-drei feel from zexion up one
ton and see me
his pink chair so I keep mama hogging
the kiss love you mommy hug me I love
you peekaboo hey my friends my friends
do you know how many times Emilio got a
bed last night I ran over and jumped on
her little chair I get to sit a little
pitter-patter of her feet doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo then open it I won't open I
open the door she's like sitting on her
chair she's like nature Nichiren and
we're like maybe we shouldn't have given
her a present toy new chair thing right
before bedtime
haha oh well check out that end slate
though huh
that's so good Meeny I mean Lee agrees
thinks it's really good a lot mean it
looks really grumpy or something in the
pictures Angie the dryer is happy hell
self look actually look at Anna and
Amelia look they have that resting face
thing going on where this happened
Eduardo I like the big smiles it's funny
thanks so much for watching today's
video and thank you for leaving nice
comments and thank you for hitting the
like buttons
and thank you for subscribing and all
stuff like that we told you drive in a
car yeah is it a nice car media is
driving a sticker car oh my goodness
Amelia is covered from head to toe in
stickers see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watching and how much do you love my
man had man cave isn't it back like why
