morning again middle Eduardo z--
friendliest friend I'll be shadowing
that's cool hello I know
hey no want to sleep the night away get
you off his knees
George quickest knees what's going on in
here
what what are you doing under there
What's Wrong why know what's wrong and
why though huh
I mean have you seen my measuring tape
measuring tape what I have a moustache a
moustache okay yeah I'm okay
did you check me like my mother my mu
seized a she is Eduardo massage yeah no
you are as happy he likes the paper
people a pink card
yeah how many presents do you want do
you want two presents oh one present
okay one present yeah I look like a
video in a variable yeah
so we're just guessing what we're
getting for Christmas Santa's list
well you gonna get for Christmas what
are you gonna get home versus and
Eduardo hasta what's a bar alone again
I'm gonna say my name is Eduardo Johnson
I'm at war Deena wiener
no no not where that what do you want
from Santa Claus we're gonna have to
write a list yeah you're gonna say dear
Santa Claus my name is Amelia you can
say dearest auntie I know you can you
can say Santi
that's a Santa Claus installed in IRA D
Sankey
centigram Irish my never phones you did
oh you didn't only real the real
hardcore over Scotty
okay let's go we need to get going yeah
no put him in the car I'll just get
dressed quickly let's get it here at
skadoosh right we're on the way and I
passed this place and I thought you know
what let's go in lads let's go in and
get our Starbucks on okay Christmastime
Christmas Starbucks League Abu Dhabi
many people left in the comments if
you're gonna sing Amelia sound who got
vigas on me guy she always things I
wonder and anyway we're at IKEA house
that's an immediate cause this IKEA
house okay we're not getting run over
huh burnout it's okay it was like Maggie
I know winter winter babies look so cute
wintertime it stops much your junk
really we kind of plan that get our
Christmas copy okay do we have a list
where we have a plan as we're gonna be
added here in two hours max cars over
there that you move we're gonna do this
friends it's gonna Torah planet okay
we'll just go free you have a nappy at
you all right first things first what
are we going for in the couch area so
you look at sofas yeah
okay so last and when we first moved in
we made a really good effort I am
decorating our house and we did it for a
while and then we sort of stopped proud
let me sort of stop and nothing else
happened and there hasn't been any
progression and then when Lisa was over
the girl at Hannah style
oh no she kind of got back in the bliss
of it you know I'm like okay we need to
finish the hairs off I was wrong I hope
me excuse me excuse me excuse me
Hey it's just such a cute little boy is
me did you just take you
hmm oh that looks really comfortable
really I would go sleep on uh-huh she
probably liked it though
because I kept sitting in the chairs let
me tell my going past the chair don't
lie like sit down I'm like artisans okay
then guardo's all eyes what's gonna I
love all the rooms in IKEA goes look so
cozy don't they what far room we have
two of them no for Amelia's bad sure
never she's used it as a diving board
but she used it to climb right the room
or something that's what she goes you
pick all the most uncomfortable chairs
is that your game
what yeah the color the uncomfortable do
you what'd you say don't don't talking
to the landlord she killed you pick him
up security it should like a PG baby
you'd add us to your homework I look
look oh my gosh
oh this is a different desk you're very
square when yeah look that's that's kind
of rectangular this is washable but
that's not the one we got no we got the
square one
you wouldn't square one this is a right
triangle one yeah this one is better
okay so we scrap the other ones and get
these ones that okay do we get one yeah
I'm just gonna get homework to that last
for a couple of years that will be cool
imagine your wall as a kid painted like
that
I think chicken leg oh I'm talking to
myself you huh
but I bet you could probably get someone
to come into your house and like paint
your wall with like fun things like that
wooden in the media hi I was talking to
myself there I saying wouldn't be coop
you got some you Joe Harrison painted
your kids rooms like a fun thing like
that
hi is it so we're drawing in IKEA this
is how we're keeping immediate occupied
don't fence over there at the board or
me yeah look look what Mommy did so we
drew I was ordered to draw princess
Amelia and Prince Eduardo dad dad
King daddy okay we're gonna have to make
daddy kind of small because we're
running out of space and on this side we
have like basically everybody in her
life Amelia and I are gonna go to bed
despite it giving up on life I'm going
to bed look at this book is this like it
wireless bed yeah look this one's like
Eduardo's one except look it's got
actual drawers in wouldn't it be cool a
free hug wow that's how it why does why
should look Joanna get off here can get
up on this bed look this is like a
bridles one it's very comfortable this
is much bigger than the world
come on yeah it's like Oh minus one
gonna get up trying to get up did you do
it did you do it yeah I don't think you
understand so we're kind of get is I
want to have lunch here for Jonathan
wants to go home some friend Amelia does
really sick come here are you gonna ask
him again Amy yeah what you have to say
what you have to say she set up or he
didn't understand come here come here
come here
come here my two babies look at you guys
huh
we can see we do I know huh never last
time when we first moved here we came by
Kia and it was like a newborn are you
rested him on the little couch over
there and look at him now huh
Mike here a regular Joe you see new
things this is always how they get you
you think you're finished you pay for
all your stuff like I'm just gonna leave
now and then you have to go through all
of this area the accessory area before
you get out and this is an earring and
filling the trolley but stuff that you
did not want you did not need and now
our child is being crazy I mean yeah
okay mommy will carry you okay she's
just falling but yeah just come on that
ever happen to you let happen says every
time I say it's not gonna happen if it
happens okay anyway it's never closing
don't go
nobody move - move who move nobody move
don't move a muscle
oh we made it be stuck here like what's
going on there - are - oh my goodness
we're finally out to find a good out I
thought we actually never going to get
there
yeah what's going on let's get on what's
happening here what part no yeah oh my
goodnes not that was the funniest human
of our lives everything when each one of
those family toilet so we could change
her on him at the same time and like
everything went wrong and we struck with
this trolley it was like trying to move
these wrenches it all use the toilet it
pulls the alarm
no driving because it pulled off her
nappy and really opposed the alarm this
is poop on the floor and we're like all
over the room for this question - this
in a room secured you're like why
traveler it was soon 20 no always let's
get out of here we're party bars Mikey
now pony I prize come on come on come on
come I come I good run like the wind
no no no this way this way - the winds
blowing this way what's mommy guys Wow
let's put this one in Amelia's room Wow
meaning our pink one oh my goodness
and medium pink rug okay no need to get
using toy cars huh do you love it here
over no man look we can go cars huh huh
yeah we can racing round Oh huh your
imagination could go wild here that'd be
so much fun I'll let the half of the kid
like driving around you have you pick a
house which has where's the water test
or test you want to live in look you
want to live in here cuz we could all
live together in this little estate huh
do you love it huh look at suare nose
Eduardo got a wardrobe you got it Ryder
a wardrobe daddy got a wardrobe daddy
getting their wardrobe but viral got a
wardrobe
I got like Iraq Iraq is better than
nothing
he's better than nothing there for him
Milton hit that portent yeah it's like a
Roger she's more interested in his stuff
in her on oh she loves this room I sure
love that sure this is where your boat
gonna sleep together and then she'll
love it
oh yeah we gotta be there like a charity
table you got to iron out a turntable as
well he is may not I bet you just come
in here and sit in his one you know
because is where the action is you know
it's like this is where Eduardo is
Eduardo can't go into her room yeah you
Randy right out what's this always has a
ruffle on
I'm Joe Pistone C's home I'm Joe first
OC welcome to Joe fees doses can I take
art uh thank you guys remember kini and
Cal had a movie and in the movie Ken
Keenan or Cal worked in some burger
friend he's like welcome to something
burger at home or something but can I
take your order
Keaton encounter them all here goes duty
channels like Coolio sang the intro
itself and where are they now that takes
me back to my childhood years I was
kidding and Makayla Nevada did it anyway
anyway welcome to Saucony choice bakery
we have josie sauces and anise cupcakes
and eduardo looks like some sort of a
cowboy is that even actually eduardo it
might actually be think of it thank you
so much for today's video hope you're
enjoying your saturday set saturday and
that's of course you're not watching
this on saturday on the day went live
and you're a little bit slacking okay
it's been noted all right your journal
has been jotted to be noted there's a
tick against your name so yeah it do
Lickety like if you had a good time
maybe leave a comment that
the kind of thing you like to do and uh
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
