immediate helping make breakfast this
morning for Eduardo was he eating or not
mess reporting be very careful
good girl look at you making it orders
breakfast this will be really hungry if
you can make it Wireless breakfast no
we're just Swiss is over there with our
chain Amelia and then that's it we're
gonna get a soundproof room lock the
door
Mimi phenomena no leading man the little
man dream man he'll demented man Mendon
men demanding man demanded men comin
round Alain boy saw some comments in
yesterday's vlog when people were saying
that Eduardo San is an entire life in
the trip-trap it's true it's actually
true we never take him out of that chair
nor did we take immediate over chair
putting out a lot of them a lot of
things people are saying about when we
raised Amelia at the start it's like
there's people are saying and in the
same kind of stuff you know if you've
been here for since we had am you know
yeah you would know that it's not that
if one spends his life in the chair per
saying it's that when we're only
vlogging like you go good shred today
and it just so happens at the time so a
lot a man he's either in the chair or
he's sitting on me you don't see the
amount of time that he actually spends
like playing with his toy or sitting on
a floor crawling around the laser on the
boob yeah yeah so have no fear friends
design she spent a lot of time in the
chair but she just you won't run around
everywhere I teach you what you run
around we did we learn co-op if you
learn to walk I'm putting the videos
more about that
tell about that I know he's a little
baby man he's a little baby man
you'll be me man Benjamin having a
frozen
I mean obsessed with the Sun right now
let it go you guys sing let it go let it
go
: ever bothered me anyway I'm gonna be
wearing another Christmas jumper today
we're working our way through all of the
Christmas jumpers that least I got for
the photo shoot
did it mean every year in a book this
morning yes you guys see my snapchats
phone and snapchat it's called ciccone
Jolie's Wow I tend to do a lot more kind
of snap chatty stuff when I had the
evening and stuff but I mean you always
got that book every night he's gonna
come on don't hide behind the chair dr.
Cooper Jimmy just instanc don't touch me
what do you think get here times that
was gonna live folks that are still
alive like a medical exam for both over
this part of tumor I said a while ago
that trust for the kids case they tried
to assassinate us you know what we have
to do and the insurance company wants to
focus like a millionaire because it's
had two kids I approached again it's so
annoying looking into peanuts
but um turns out jokey jokes over here
cuz I I'm a finest specimen of mine what
did you say back my waist which they
said your waist is extremely small
sure is like Oh like you don't get many
of these
like mommy's waist like this road
thanks thing she did it and I was like
so Anna is officially five five is it
medically fire five I was like oh I
think I'm at four and she measured me
she's like my face was like what
turns out I think I'm 60 I was right and
then I went to the nurse at one time
when I was playing with Mia and she was
like oh no you're five four I was like
yeah yeah high five or nothing you never
know maybe when you have the baby you're
pushing so hard you push their bones
yeah and then damn she's saying cuz I'm
stressed my weight and my height and
everything like that and she's like ah
it's pretty good for your age and stuff
want something yeah and then we do this
breathing thing we had to blow to it and
I got a really high just like oh my god
it's like rookie players and footballers
get that high and ask is there biking
it's cool though you know and I think in
a whole time - it's like you know what
this is good for like even for it just
coincided during Movember the Batman's
happy oh I have to pee and I was really
hard Mitch do you have to hold your pee
and then pee again
I never done that before cuz it like
releases all the protein is good for
your prostate and stuff I was like oh
your protein my prostate is it a present
for a media now did you not want to see
Kony Jodie oh we should her I've been
telling her she Kony Toby's advent
calendar with chocolate inside
damages and coffees and stuff imagine
that's why you get books I thought it
was chocolate that's really good she
would every night every night in the
month of December I can read her a
different book can be used as treat
decorations year after year that is so
cool a new book every night for December
okay we're trying to make everything
work here so I just
come tomorrow to install because I'd be
kind of worried that immediately like
touching the screen see and we're just
gonna nothing over so I was like you
know what when you feel these TVs
mounted and stuff in the car it's gonna
be a hard trial all aboard
oh yeah so what I was saying is that
Amelia now is like I know she keeps like
putting her hands and touching the
screens and all that kind of stuff and
I'm saying I was looking when gona's we
need to mount I think it's time to mount
them to call the Mounties call the
Mounties and that the police thing that
I counted I think you guys at the movies
what a babymoon
that's my Canadian accidentals all right
yeah we thought it was time so I went
down to a place where they do like
installations and stuff and I picked up
these two of these bad boys here and a
soundbar thing it's all the rage now so
we should be able to manage the puss you
know that TV in our sitting room
I bought that off my brother right my
brother bought it and probably about
2004 2005 I bought it off him in like
2008 it is now 2014 because I'm like
it's such a big screen my why would you
chose something like that out but it's
like so far beyond where is the 32 inch
that we held in the bedroom is like a
smart TV and all this magical stuff and
now like TVs are like 4k and curves and
all this mad stuff so we're like so far
beyond we are so far beyond in
television who's gonna be like whoa whoa
some nice TV TV store nut but yeah
pretty excited about that we gotta wait
for tomorrow the I think the installers
and stuff we're gonna comb but I might
set up one of them tonight just to have
a have a none to go suivi so you can see
what it looks like
Wow look at this future proofing our
life guys welcome to the future it's
amazing what's happening are using your
makeup wow so pretty
Oh what else well we already have mush
and sure yes you're sure it's no it
means gonna have to do her night I mean
yeah close your eyes your daddy should
rewrite those your eyes your daddy oh
what's the first makeup video you do on
YouTube right my Gailey makeup routine
it up you have to do this lipstick is is
it yeah I got it because I thought it
was the one not from you love it yeah
you put okay
the only problem is she wants me to do
everything on it white as well
no I don't think it right I want to play
that game for No so I put some sugar on
this nose behind don't let him put
makeup on you little man no what is it
Aaron you know toddler things I didn't
put any like proper makeup on her phone
he was going to town with a red lipstick
you like that Oh your first makeup
lesson oh my goodness you know nose
movies when like their big daughter
comes in and like puts on mom's makeup
and necklace and everything it's true
right did you ever do that with your mom
stuff really it's not something girls
deal cuz I don't like me my brother used
to like steal my dad sad like tools and
go ahead into garden and like drill
dings and like yeah that's what yeah I
never play to make my friend and I went
don't you do that I know my jucy did
that I'd be soon huh like lipstick all
over the walls and everything like I'd
be so I don't actually have I know
that's a big bug yeah you want this on
medium all right today's the old TV
which is fair and still fairly big lads
check out this monstrosity
it came with a product that's what we
were doing upstairs Veronica thought our
makeup tips from look at this thing is
mentally big
I don't need your chosen camera how much
mentally big it is anyway we're gonna
get put on the wall here and it all adds
up size for my toy but look like this is
the soundbar thing sounds of the
underground I've never used one of these
are mostly amazing just can't get over
the size this is TV if there's just try
Norma's Susie yeah which one do you guys
want accessory box one by six o'clock
still oh my god she wants to blog
tonight on this morning can my little
friendliest friends 24 hours a week we
did word oh oh you enjoyed oh wait oh
he's big be head oh hey whoa hey wardo
oh my goodness you've got yourself in
the situation
what's your suck well we're all in the
bed and the little one said what feed
the dogs you want to feed the ducks now
are you dreaming about feeding the ducks
yeah yeah do I know what your sparkly
should you wanna see ducks - did you try
to go swimming with the duck
no daddy don't be silly hey we got a new
TV yeah yeah we got a new one it's
really big I went to the shop mm-hmm I
got a new TV do you want to see the new
TV yeah this is why I want to see the
new TV yeah it's long he's watching the
new TV now you see it do you like it oh
 hello she's hypnotized - bring it
to the garage careful careful
pivot pivot
what it's bringing it to the guards yeah
hold on the sensor light will come on
have you got it okay
turn this light on okay I'll take it
from here I got it I got it
here you go if I can get more go back
and get more from these good girl
she's so funny she's like I don't was
just saying she's like my little shadow
like she just follows me around
everywhere like she knows that I'm like
building something or doing something
he's so excited she's like oh my god
that's so funny because I used to be
like that with my dad whatever my dad
would be off working or build and are
doing something I always want to get
involved get stuck in it's so cute
oh thank you
good job come on help me with this one
you get the other end thank you you're a
great help I couldn't do this without
you
going on a midnight adventure you got
your wellies on just Amelia and dad
going into tonight hopefully we won't
get ourselves afraid and what I mean
yeah what are you going your honor let's
run side you're on this side over here
oh wait I think the chairs are off no no
got a bit of a situation mate we've got
a situation wait
oh hi you're Hordesmen name Ohio what's
my name
that's right think of when I see oh hi
oh oh hi Oh Ohio
you guys didn't know how somebody
obviously lives in Ohio when is Ohio
Ohio is that Ohio or the city nervous no
that's not it my thing you know I live
you know I don't even know what I think
about hope you had a good day folks hope
you enjoyed this video if you weren't
100% satisfied with your day I'm I'm
really hoping and after watching this
video you're feeling like happier
because that's my goal in life to make
you happy I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you so much watching today's video
and as always if you
feel like you had a good time give it no
Lickety like and if you want to leave a
comment if that's another thing that you
like doing we always appreciate it
I love a good read and it's my evening
reading material is your comments so you
know give me a good story write me a
good story make sure it has a start a
beginning and an end knowing start a
middle and an end
there's no what it always was in school
right minute hey thank you so much
watching a little bit
