oh no and me I hurt her foot this vlog
was brought to you by amigas hurt ropes
hurt throat look at you your boobs are
so stained don't you hate when boobs get
really steamed I try and watch them
before I put them in the wash but like I
try and rinse them out anyway today's
Breakfast is Weetabix no heater fix'
ready brick and banana and blueberries
and he loves him he eats anything though
he's so easy I wish in meeting I was
like this again I remember when he was
like this it was so easy okay here comes
the airplane
no no honey just got my heads of Fraser
delivery so if you want to see it quick
haul
I just got skin care some concealer
foundation that's boring but I got some
eyeliner and I got a new lipstick
because I was trying to remember one of
the lipsticks that from the makeup
artist you stopped me sorry for for the
shoot and I think I got the wrong one
but it's okay it still looks it looks
alright it looks a bit cool toned but I
think I could probably make it work it
actually kind of looks like barely there
when you put on I don't have it on right
now but if anything it could just give
it to me yeah you said it
oh I had set it up but you're done
you've upset the child
place this morning okay and then I tried
to prove me wrong what just like shrinks
in the washer something no no no if it's
hidden behind there okay
it's behind the plant not like we
talking about it I already fell and then
I needed her to the dance
hey don't eat that did you eat any part
of girardeau did you eat any Paris
mighty face
oh my goodness Wow calendar pictures
tell me
well I'm downloading them I'm
downloading them okay okay
first impressions spacebar that is good
good idea we didn't see at all like oh
wow that's amazing I know how did he do
that oh god I was like wait a second
mm-hmm they're really good Andy you have
to figure out what mundane ones oh my
god guys seriously you need one of these
in your life
I love that one's feeling so good he's
having a man that Edouard is having an
endless what does the media want great
do you want a mandarin a Satsuma is
Eduardo what is white I want
right on Tanana don't eat it oh right oh
no you have to open it first
what orange oh sorry
he'll go you like then and that okay for
Amelia look at the airplane you know
planes following Amelia he's on that
airplane
huh oh I don't know hey we're out we're
looking for the let loose we're gonna
feed the Docklands I mean they've got
the bagels we're gonna have bagels for
lunch prima decided today give it away
no disparo spare bagels it's a long run
isn't it funny when you're a kid you run
for fun when you get older you don't
exactly run around just like Deinonychus
who's gonna run around it's more like
you get the proper gear you get the OP
you track it you train for something you
don't just let you run for exercise or
our perfect no just like nah I think I'm
just gonna run around today a little bit
of a situation here a delicate situation
I'm not wearing the correct Portage's be
very careful
yeah drummer the last Otzi we had that
you try to clean in care wait
the official duct area
right
exactly
study free
hear me out
what
don't trip on the park
ha
but for me and two for other SS none for
newbies Jesus I confess do not disturb
me Anthony beloved the batter and
smothered in gravy we bow this is what
we do on it Wednesday afternoon when we
miss her dogs people doggy friends are
out in the walk watching old blogs
yesterday from like are the time of the
year that we got married and stuff the
newest minutes like for last few days no
I was just yeah that is the day we
decided to have a meeting a lot of
people actually probably have a moment
when we did that the 20 funny because I
was the one who was again yeah it's
really cuz everybody's always like oh
and I was against kids and I was like
not against kids but I didn't want to
have kids at all I didn't think that I
want to and then Jonathan was always
like oh yeah but like you know I really
wanted like eventually I want to have
kids and stuff but we didn't really talk
about it like we were kind of just
selfish or something like really secure
you care and then but Jonathan I knew
Jonathan always wanted kids and kind of
always would want to be a dad but I was
just like I don't know I like dogs and
then we got married we went for a walk
Jonathan I was like I think we should
have a baby and he was just like oh no I
don't know like he was totally and then
he was like give me some time to think
about it let's stop much like oh come on
and that's how it happened not the other
way around it wasn't Jonathan begging me
to like have a baby view and it's so
funny because at the moment when even
you guys would be freshly married or
you're thinking about having kids the
toilet having you try it without having
a child you know it's very like it's
like well Who am I gonna be what am I
gonna be like isn't hair
and you you were married and you happen
Eduardo there was no oh yeah you know
it's like but it's that initial idea
yeah he's like Airy you are now you can
never go back
you never turned that off boy I'll tell
ya it's a better place to be yeah bad me
I'm glad you making that walk it was me
it was me and this my decision was I've
been like you just like I know I just
waiting on wait oh wait this is ready
and this is ready that was my argument
type and I remember I was like cuz we
didn't really have any money
and like every didn't have that much
money and we weren't like where we
wanted to be exactly where we wanted to
make the struggle was real by the time
but I remember saying to him most like
yeah but I don't want to wait until
everything's perfect like I want to have
like my treats be part of our journey
like and you know do things along with
them and like grow along with them and
she was just like oh my goodness check
you said remember I was actually just
saying as I'm Twitter today but correct
mommy's there is you're looking at vlogs
almost like Kodak moments you know like
even like everything like media's first
time walking or Dwyers first time
walking or any of that kind of stuff
right and then check this out look you
can win 2,000 pounds
holiday voucher oh my goodness audience
to do is upload your like Kodak moment
onto this website
boom I believe a link down below friends
good luck to you and if you win a 2010
holiday you should bring me along
seriously it will be nice when I look
back in these blogs in like I kinda was
saying it's you know she goes back and
looks so like it the old logs of like
the different moments when like we
talked about like getting pregnant for a
first time or you know the decision to
get pregnant like that was like we have
that moment or like you know there's so
there's so many and they're all captured
in our videos every single
like every single day is one of them is
that mental except I don't get a chance
to win it to die so kind-hearted you
guys totally shut and good luck to you
good luck to you my family you some of
the pictures here
they're amazing you're seriously amazing
people's lives are amazing everybody's
life is amazing
Jordan think about it it's always more
amazing you always think everyone's like
anyway I don't want salt my hair you
should totally check his head and you
can win oh my goodness I leave in 10
below good luck friends do you want to
build a snowman say that doesn't bother
me anyway
Oh
and that is called the sweet game I
should do that sinus and that I should
act you put food on the counter and see
if you can reach it it'll be the new
challenge YouTube challenge tag yeah but
I'll just go over to it and pick it up
and put it in my lap oh yeah no you have
to do like kneeling down or something
that would be a good challenge game
imagine a game show where the count was
really high and you had to like read
sweet sellers the like button and hit
the comment button and hit chop hit
yourself season to say something
inspirational and it's gonna say
something really inspirational go change
people's lives with your words have a
nice day wow that was so deep I know see
you tomorrow bye
