i'ma gonna so for jessica has come and
Amelia Texas Victoria say Victoria yeah
so my Jess is changing her name you know
hello so the girl for all the props and
stuff frolic food in here this morning
you know I'll list up here and what you
of us are looking at I thinking like are
you edible like turns out we can eat
them oh that's a good reaction yeah we
are
this is a good breakfast situation yes
and she was like I do want to take your
phrases milk from her breakfast huh I
don't know something that we do got
panel truck everyone's here now isn't
this yoke you need just a bit of a
behind-the-scenes like every morning
before the blog start before we do every
morning doll the hair and makeup the
gang her hair yeah cute imagine media's
waiting huh he's next
she's gonna have a hair in rollers thing
yeah I want to be so cute though what
are you getting done get into my walk
genome or get some guyliner
you didn't get some gay Laney he likes
he likes like girls you guys
he likes Jennifer he did unfortunately
media likes boys he's really breaky why
did you put it Wireless finger in that's
the look we're going for
we got to have this like awesome fun
plan for you guys it's gonna be a game
right in each one of the pictures
grandpa himself
oh yeah nuts how long do you the
calendar well you have to find him in
each one of the pictures how much fun is
that gonna be we're gonna hide him in
each one of the shots you have to find
him
huh okay well this is easy considered
white his hand/eye hoping that Abby
doesn't eat everybody oh please don't
oh that's too bad of a plane
oh yeah that's look like you're gonna go
skydiving lucky
yeah oh my god this is a bad idea
dogs and running dogs no dogs an animal
but no don't chill drew work a daughter
Francesca doesn't realize that this
garden is little - I know I just like to
start walking and then sore a little bit
Emilia watching hello hi hi I know oh my
god we actually started on the most
complicated shot Thank You Francesca now
move on to the car shot
oh yeah they all happen and they happen
funny Albie ah everybody oh my - guys
look what's happening here like white
dream yeah
does one of them for me huh who wants a
calendar now with me and a leotard is
that that tomorrow though isn't it yeah
we're not shooting that today it's yeah
yeah so maybe enough people like this
video today will Don it when it was
young for dogs no no excited that is
dream come true I mean it's having the
best day oh you clean a house oh my god
it's like a discharge I know we're
shooting back here ready kids here are
two clothes alone is that you good one I
gotta get Mendoza we got the kid like
this is behind the scenes
yeah say cheese Superman distinguishes
cheese for the man
say cheese to the man around you like
this on the car you can see the king
yeah oh yeah come here mommy
you okay oh oh
case you guys didn't notice it's
Christmas Christmas time oh no stop guys
what are you doing it's not excited
we're gonna take that down tomorrow
she's gonna do it what's going on oh
okay hold on hold on
put it on put on the top oh my goodness
guys look at this
yeah it's Eduardo Amelia's mommies and
daddies
so we're doing a pillow fight one isn't
it so cute oh
what that's a reindeer I think that's
for Christmas oh no that's for Eduardo's
we're doing a 400 here oh this is so
much fun guys this is gonna be the best
counter ever
that's Eduardo toys okay come on I'll
get you dressed
Wow I like this
afterwards
yeah oh my god it just exploded
everywhere yeah Eduardo it runs it all
too quick do you guys remember when I
tried to do Jonathan's makeup you
freaked out a little girl same thing is
happening gonna do oh I know but that's
that looks way better than when I did it
by the way oh my god I'm tryna break ah
what do you guys think
good okay Jax pirate order like like
mrs. Jack Sparrow we got some time I'm
gonna check that out Movember day five
boom that's how you do it hi hi Amelia
hi catchy said Minnie laughs hi
she's noticing me yeah daddy's beard
came back it's makeup please make out
daddy's very makeup decide you look
pretty ah thank you do you want to know
why if you'd right oh honey get me
Cooper no Marto is too small yeah
the glasses ya know what I put a wake on
ya would I be a pirate yeah what is that
ago to be a pirate
yeah
y'alright night we all right what's your
story yet but Virgilia a slayer but ah
look at these balloons they light up
light up hmm let's get the effect here
boom boom it's so cool oh don't eat it
don't eat it I know you want to eat it
we're doing the Halloween shot we got
sparked we did a sparkler test it works
well it's good enough yeah kill that we
got this is that there's a flash in here
it's gonna like fire off huh oh can you
make a fire you can't make oh yeah
that's cool
dude it's so cool-looking we excited
yeah you see did you see a pumpkin the
pumpkin do
huh
let's get mommy while we take a
photograph yeah photograph we just get
makeup oh it's just a shimmer we're
looking Nations yeah I'm gonna fake tan
yeah hey new look at the gang I'll be
let's go trick-or-treating oh let me
just okay okay so little ones me like
pick up three quick okay trickle creamy
yeah oh sorry oh
Oh Christmas tree
la la la la la everyone has gone home
we are tired I'm a muddy hot you have a
muddy hat no why hey you gonna say
goodbye to your friends you're not
saying about your friends whatever you
do don't say bye friends haha listen you
guys tomorrow thanks for watchin how
excited are you about the calendar
though hm
these pictures are so much fun they're
way better than you thought they were
gonna turn out and you've got another
six more to do tomorrow plus a couple
extra bonus ones gross be dirty ball
whistles I tell ya wow you did see that
everybody how much of a fun day was that
oh my god some of those pictures are
gonna come out so good actually I'm
talking for showed me some of the work
ups that he had already done from
yesterday oh my god it looks so good and
today we're doing a ballet scene yeah
yeah and a baking scene and a breakfast
scene and then a 40 oh my god there's so
many cool stuff he's just so amazing and
so amazing and hopefully the plan is we
should have these available in about two
or three weeks you know I mean which is
cool with definitely have them by the
time the doubler meter comes around but
before then hopefully and then yeah I
definitely have shipping also this will
be a thing that you guys can have around
the world by Christmas it's gonna work
out it's gonna work it's gonna be
amazing
it's gonna be amazing anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
today's video if you enjoyed it hit the
old like button please
no comment if you're new here give it no
subscribe if you've nothing to do with
your day and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
