okay neat wait may survive oh I got a
great idea let's go in a holiday starry
skies everyday summer when you spend it
with me
so I'll call you aha I got it
yeah that's gonna cool why do you want
to go good idea
let's go gee you're very proud and what
about Kiba Calexico I let's go to the
Cayman Islands okay are you ready let's
go at holidays
he's just saying
they were all the same
they just need to get our bags and we're
ready to go
ha oh yeah oh did you look at this room
oh my goodness look at this window what
oh my goodness we're on a giant cruise
ship guys we're on a giant cruise ship
are you gonna so evade oh my goodness
alright guys so we are on a Marella
cruise and it's going to be amazing
but there's a catch the kids have
actually chosen everything from this
type of holiday from the destinations
the entire art in itinerary has being
chosen by the kids so allowing the kids
to actually plan this entire holiday has
really shown us that with mirela cruise
there's something for everybody
so next while we're on this trip guys if
you guys are interested in and you think
that's what I want to do there is a link
down below and you can click on it and
you too can come on
cruise ship we're on is actually called
Cuban f√ºssen fusion so we are going to
Cuba we're going to Mexico we are just
leaving Jamaica and tomorrow we're gonna
take a min islands oh my goodness but
right now we have to do a must recall
this is what the ship looks like very
exciting all right we're at the mustard
station I think we'll get mustard hair
or something if to pay attention guys to
learn the security in case there's an
accident it's like you don't skill we do
fire drills yeah that's really exactly
like it's like a it just called a muster
drill it's like a fire drill did you
the muster is done and we are now going
to get food and we've decided to go to
the place called the glass as for our
first food on board look at this oh my
goodness how cool this is gonna be
tomorrow guys I'm on a second Apple did
you choose you know this is gonna be so
cool restaurant guys Amelia does the
pool in the middle of our restaurant
this looks good
can we get into pool after you pick our
food up now first men on board and we
got Mohit it's because we're in the
region of the world from Iquitos are
consumed we're gonna test this liquid
arrived for a little starter is I got
salmon and cream cheese oh yeah I want
to try this okay what it is it looks
like a crawlers okay alright peeps have
been gone because love what's coming
here guys oh my goodness this looks
great look how happy are you ready for
this guys
look at that we're wondering what the
bibs are for now we get it oh my
goodness look at this thing looks so
good Blackrock grill boys I don't touch
that I'll maybe just leave it for as
long as you wanted to cook so they came
and gave us these bits and there wasn't
really sure what the bibs before now it
makes sense over there what happened
there dinner
we're heading there to see let's eat
guys we're heading there to see the
white you bacon all right it's the next
morning and we are just gonna have for
breakfast I want to end the vlog because
it was very romantic day yesterday but
we're here we've just pulled into the
Cayman Islands which we're gonna be so
exciting guys to meet you to check out
this week it's gonna be insane it's
gonna be so much fun
look at this nothing look where we are
no Cory are we yeah
look at this there's loads of ships oh
look look they're getting ready to leave
today look that's the little shuttle
that'll take you onto land
oh you excited right oh yeah
Wow
