I am drawn to this inflatable Santi with
a moving helicopter it's got a moving
helicopter Anna we don't have a moving
helicopter self-inflating oh now what
happens
oh no oh well I guess we're getting an
inflatable Santa closet.i helicopter
oh my goodness guys turn their lightning
and everything frightening hello there
everybody
they're very welcome to the seasons
cabaret winter has come as John Snow and
his band of merry men would say oh boy
oh boy oh boy it's a situation
what does thunder lightning can like you
tell me tell me eternal night sounds
like show me go right over you show me
tell me what does it sound like
are you another feeling ask this
question a lot in the vlogs but I always
serious
I'm not a Napper no matter how tired I
am
once I'm awake I'm awake that's it I
always think ah just go home and have a
quick nap I'm like I just can't do it
once I'm awake I'm awake to try and get
ahead of that a project thing that I
showed you guys yesterday a little bit
of I need to go and get some Christmas
supplies
what's the buildin ROTC building Lance
so that's basically what my day will
consist of today the police have come
because look I think it's free has
actually fallen down oh my goodness I
didn't need the storm was that bad this
morning so I survived home I made it I
figured out the way I have to go the
Cardiff but I made it home but guys let
me just show you a little update of the
project so as you can see and then now
is it can you figure what what's he
doing what's he doing we're getting
somewhere
we're getting somewhere but we got some
we got a lot more to what we're getting
somewhere
what's he doing what's he doing what's
that what's that crazy guy do it hello
there little friend that is why you
didn't get to go in this morning
honey honey honey I keep your made
managers number alright we'll give you
some cowboy again if you just look into
this camera Wow Wow
look at the camera just don't mind mommy
no no that's yeah unless yeah look it's
worth yes a look
hello who's that who's that who's that
who's that we have Trey we thought we
need to trademark this we've invented
something yeah if we could work somehow
Cal Poly and Kanna need to come together
next time were interviewed about like
why do we vlog our kids well so then it
just kind of spiraled headed from there
you ready you ready oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah you want them ready say thank you
oh my god guys it's so cold the line of
heat thank you oh ho look at ash it's
gonna like behind you
oh wow that's amazing okay what am I
supposed to do with that bag what well
you have to build this thing here all
right there verse
you're taking them print this at camera
my boy
what okay let's do this so I'm taken
with the Glock all right we are gonna
make our house a home so what's you you
bring them home and then you wait a
couple of years and then eventually you
have a good
Oh oh my god have real Christmasy let's
get a Christmas tree oh we need one of
these
yeah that's not all you need a pouch I
know somebody asked was Izzy's official
title the maker of things because you're
in the airport when you're making it
well she's having trouble bringing the
trolley oh we like to challenge is he
now oh I don't know but I think we need
a giant inflatable snowman okay let's
just be honest let's just be honest like
it figured this guy okay guys you're
gonna see you're gonna feel Christmasy
after watching this vlog snow is snow
far from loved bins
huh little duckies yeah we have mostly
sniffing here I am drawn to this
inflatable Santi with a moving
helicopter it's got a moving helicopter
Anna we don't have a moving helicopter
self-inflating do we know oh well I
guess we're having an inflatable Santa
closet a helicopter I'm excited about
this oh oh hi there oh hi know what guys
we have just figured out that I'm sorry
that's the Kony Jolie's he's 12
yes yes twelve letters oh wow but
there's no Y here but luck that would be
cool and they're like we did a ciccone
Jolie's team made out and all the stuff
become shiny we should we should order
em or something I never really cool
Joel or it's like an anagram
who is our name an anagram look at that
it just happens
guys leave comments if you can make Anna
gram Zed of Ciccone jollies alright what
words can you may care of Ciccone
Jolie's J Lo's my word hello Zach 100
it's okay
what if you can't spell you can although
if you can't spell you can make anything
no all right
just bring in Eduardo to Huckabee's good
luck guys Oh
surprise what is it what's he building
who knows who knows
come on it's a surprise let's go mr.
vvvz in her little work shed what
so off to rugby and it's freezing cold
freezing home won't be freezing cold you
won't be freezing cold let me get that
feel just for the record that does look
like that was me I would just like to
informed it was not me I thought it does
look like fun to carry my scooter and my
water when I say my I mean the Munchkins
come on look someone has a new Maserati
SUV I wonder it any good should I get
one I do not eat Maseratis you know when
Daddy was a little boy he used to play
rugby and now you're a little boy and
you play rugby well I play I was in a
different country actually what I know I
used to play for terrier TV or eat and
you worry Turner
that's he's the same everywhere we go
people always ask us mean it after
school in school last night or yesterday
and look it got buried you got very try
and polite see if you can pull it out oh
you did it
Oh phew that's all we're gonna leave it
here so we are waiting in the car for
duardo and Sophia I gave him me Nia a
kinder egg mmm
what do you think of that what do you
think of that you're gonna tell mommy
you had a kinder egg nope are you gonna
tell it to why though you had a couldn't
wreck are you going to sell anybody who
had a kinder egg nope meanie unfriending
wanna or playing there while we were out
waiting on something Freddie's mom and
it's you look like you were having fun
though you like Freddie so Amelia has a
disco coming up your first disco are you
excited
well no it weren't is too little are you
excited to your first disco yeah so
there's gonna be like boys and girls
from reception year 1 and year 2 yeah
but like really big girls and boys it's
gonna be crazy isn't it I think that's
like next week or something I don't know
when we're gonna discuss that young
discotheque uh-huh uh-huh do you know
how to dance at a disco yeah what's your
favorite song because if I'm a secret
potion I'll make you know I make you
fall in love I've got there you go you
go girl
you go girl you go girl know what then
it's almost dark lights but no comin off
from school it's almost dark
which is this icing can you read that I
can't read it can you read it what does
it say what does it say you can't read
it it's a car I don't know what that
means
can you help me oh well let's just go
here anyway it probably means come on in
oh my goodness look at this we're
getting home in the middle of the night
and that's how you know winter has come
it's like we were in a medical doctors
surgery here or something we've got
eyedrops and couples because no point
Alessia she's really upset about her
stuff you guys go upstairs I don't know
so it's many hours later but that was
too traumatic after giving Alessia her
makeup her medicine we am we went
downstairs and I can't even wait it oh
we watch startup which is really really
good
we're sick of that stuff I feel like
whenever we mentioned and TV shows
recommendations everyone always this
comments and like oh my goodness I love
when you guys do that because I suppose
you're always looking for a new show
everyone's always looking for that new
show and it's kind of cool we recommend
so we should do that more regularly
we should tell you guys what shows are
watching and straight up handmaidens if
you haven't watched that i came out a
few months ago it was amazing and we're
fairly good I mean up-to-date and all
the new stuff because we don't get out
much anymore with the old Kiros I want
to ask you guys right so Anna and I'm
part of a poll on Twitter and because
Sunday's are really really difficult
with the children and I don't like the
kind of sometimes show that and the
videos but they are listen there is it
difficult for an oppose the question
what is more who do you think is more
difficult children wise is boys more
difficult for girls whatever got now we
have a girl and a boy and a girl baby
but a girl and a boy let's take babies
for in terms of like children I'm not
gonna give you my answer but I'm leave
comments below and discuss in the
comments what do you think is harder
because they're both difficult I'm
talking to that they're both difficult
in their own way and they're both easy
in their own way like Anna finds and
merely easier sometimes but I find it
wider easier sometimes but then Anna
finds Amelie impossible and I find
Eduardo possible so it's just an
interesting interesting conversation so
leave your thoughts below
if you have boys or girls or whatever
and I'll see you guys later don't forget
to watch yesterday's vlog subscribe if
you're new and hit the bell thing
even as coal the coming of Christ you
said yeah see that's tomorrow
thank you very much for watching are
they
