what's going on up here
huh hey Mia
could you clean up
you are having for breakfast you have an
alpha bites huh you just put some alpha
bite through here he sits here you make
out the bites I really yeah what do you
do was I that's mommy's umbrella I know
you're the actual right dimensions for
that umbrella you're obsessed with that
umbrella
ever since I brought it to your
attention the doggies are going to
daycare today for no reason we're gonna
go into town today but we changed it to
yesterday because the trot our child
miner couldn't do today but so that was
what the daycare was supposed to
coincide with but it doesn't really
matter he was fine because someone D was
here all day yesterday so it doesn't
matter I'm all dressed up for the bike
egde but I was about to leave and I know
it's just again so I'm like you know
what this is the second time I've had to
slow puncture and I think that actually
might be progressing so the worst-case
scenario is that I could be up the
middle of a mountain wide oh that's
daddy's bike yeah was Amelia's bike
worst case tires I'm up pretty far away
my tired eyes so I'm gonna try and take
the bike and to add there's a bike shop
in town and let's see if you guys can
have every I might swap out the two
tires because they have had these ones
actually for over a year now they've
been open down quite a lot of mountains
and they may actually be broken or
something internally or now might be
about to you don't mean like it might be
about to break so we're gonna swap that
yeah just to be safe
one ball pit ball pit so the guys are
gonna be up
drop it in now if you have some of the
stuff because that yeah yeah a lot of
the white truck with that it's kind of
overnight because it's like winter and
there's some we cut deals going on on
full suspensions so uh maybe maybe it's
time to upgrade it's a time to upgrade
friend
we're deafening in these swaps out
anyway
gave me a taste Wow Thanks Wow this one
in the back little by that's for dummy
hmm bike friend is all better at a small
operation Mike friend is all better
it's all better yeah huh you just write
it are you driving
you driving us home okay oh it also had
a long chat about full suspension itself
when I think I might get a road bike to
Sam I can upgrade like air suspension
the gears and all that kind of stuff on
this bike and get a road bike like a
pretty good target fighter road bike the
same fights and whole system and then I
got a road bike and a pretty good parts
a better option because the time yeah
when you have kids it's very limited so
it's hard to you can get to dimension to
enjoy the mountain bike but it's gonna
have a road bike at least and you can
very quickly get a good workout you know
might be good so on Thursday and Friday
of this week we're gonna be shooting the
calendar and then we had the producers
over yesterday before we went in the
town and we kind of went through the
whole house and we kind of marked out
where all the scenes are gonna be in
stuff this is gonna be an epic project
if you can pull it off okay we're gonna
make the greatest calendar ever existed
right and it will be available worldwide
shipping from amazon Commander Cody UK
or whatever the hell whatever the Amazon
you use this so I'm trying to clean up
anyway to act some of the scenes are
gonna be out here we're trying to
utilize the property that we have here
brought it in you know because we've got
we've got 12 to shoot we're gonna try
and treat 12 pictures for the calendar
and then we're gonna try and shoot and
three or four pictures to have posters
as well as once and people that maybe
don't want to count or maybe want to
post instead or something like that it's
gonna be meant for like six pictures on
Thursday and six on Friday while stem
having naps and being fed and look after
twelves two dogs because we're tryna we
want to have the ten of us in each of
the shots as well you just like mental
never work with pets and children oh
look that's all we are is pets and
children alright so another time go to
all his leaves that are here with my
leaf blower I have an assistant
tada the pumpkin I was a pretty good job
huh but they're all over here now
they were no where to watch look at this
little bat huh
but the thing is we'll be able to shovel
this up really easily now because it's
like a good thing whoa careful careful
don't sit down
Oh No let me see your mum oh geez oh you
got you got the glow stick that's from
the haunted farm thing we're at Oh No
you know okay we need to get a shovel
mata would defeat a million our grandpa
feeds the media do you make me lucky
it's shocking oh oh good this is easy as
pie legs
oh my goodness true notice Chanakya
window
how much does it knock you know
you know this is nukkie flight 275 0
coming in for landing
yeah over to shoe a shoe problem more
Nike we're running out of it
just doing the effort pictures of the
day and you guys didn't know anna has a
blog
she's a blogger not just a vlogger she's
about a multi-talented person that's
funny calm we should leave a link down
below if you don't know what do you know
30 days of summer no winter style and is
it you uploading every day for November
where I'm here in the Baltic slats and
it's balls and get me spine next time oh
yeah this is a style picture every day
you should totally check it out she's an
epic writer I can't write that's why I
make the videos sheep have you any wool
yes sir yes sir three bags full one for
Eduardo one for Amelia there's a
situation what he's wearing the kind of
a fisherman I look hilarious right yeah
you have fun
meaning is very excited to see you again
sure you crazy
what is it what is it did you talk to
your purpose that was dragged in he was
dragged in lads they just talking at
home and here are pooping in the garden
hmm when you poop in Helens van this is
daddy speaking going out me boy quickly
GoPro okay
Keira keys to me parsh stuck them in
there now leave me access Wallace don't
know why did you stop like Xena always
dehydrates it lets up jeepers what's
open
okay didn't leave like that now let's
nifty little pocket here headphones yeah
always keep looking okay okay hold on
hold the phone that's ok get me my hat
where's my hat right daddy's house oh
thank you very much for watching my
video 5 million times
thanks ok now let's be stylin I just
need something for this number that goes
hmm
that's fierce expensive I'm not gonna
buck that now ok it's the chocolate
thing now Oh No ok
hi we're doing our chocolate and water
in your part oh yeah very disappointed
now that's what this leg let's just spit
in round in Turkish
it wasn't I think hasn't lost your mind
last night this buddy anyway thank you
so much for watching today's episode hey
guys did you know I don't know when you
guys have them been supporting me on the
Movember
but we're five days in M L today is the
fifth day and we have over 500 pounds
has been raised
that's amazing like I think I was like
almost 800 dollars which is credible
like it might be like I don't know six
or seven hundred euros and five hundred
pounds and I don't know other currencies
but like that's so much thank you so
much for you guys you have and them
donated and if anybody else wants to
donate that would be so cool I said that
you know if we reach a thousand pounds
we'll do a live show so if you guys
wanted us to do a little live show
because I was like it's been about two
or three years since we did it sort of a
live show thing so I thought this was a
good enough reason to do one if we reach
a thousand British pounds yeah thank you
so much watching today's video and I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
