good morning is guardo morning Amelia I
don't want a boom pop you want the bone
pops boom boom media favorite songs the
boom pop it right like I'm getting a
rock on look at them I gotta get that
rock on get your rock on friend you
medius this is the advanced this is
level 2 Rocking look at this mess head
let's see if I can just don't just fall
dad will catch me that'll catch me
you've never tried something like that
are you gonna follow me you know it
happened clever clogs your ever cross or
his Edmond Health Center clever clogs
freak free climb and Dad city not Tito's
birthday Tina's birthday no not alby's
birthday Cena's birthday not
darrington's birthday
Cena's birthday not newbies birthday
it's seen as birthday you guys seem
happy party to see that
yeah yeah come on let's go
happy birthday Xena
today's Tina's birthday and I'm going
out in the lashing rain huh to get the
ingredients for a scene is burning but
glance she's only employed because
tomorrow is Anna's birthday which is
today for you and as much as tomorrow we
have plans we've got lots of stuff going
on tomorrow bought one of those plans
that were going into the city and we're
gonna pick up a nice burger present what
you really wants it's like that's cool
it's all arranged all civilized
civilized affair what you want from
birthday I want that let's go pick it up
boom but tomorrow morning when you wake
up and it's your birthday it's like it's
important you know to wake up to
something so I was like you know what I
was like I'll go get the ingredients for
the Pope cakes but that's the deploy I'm
actually nipping over to pick her up
something so that when she wakes up
tomorrow morning unbeknownst to her
she's greeted with a bit of a birthday
surprise I think it's important to wake
up with something oh you see this this
is my level of love I have for my lady
friend yesterday was so nice
that is so not nice but we were here
yesterday look
the spooky has things like lovely it's
so wet although timeful imagine this was
yesterday what a room housing for the
kids all right
achievement done okay now let's get a
Marshman you can get the
survived get it girl
does a make cupcakes it everyone it's no
big girl it's important to get the cards
boys Marcus I mean I would have always
looked past and not follow important for
I went over the years it's important
that the card so we need a four that's
three like fun sort of 21 he can't get
it cards in had reverted to you about
you can actually be a market for that
robotics is 225 heavy look
oh yeah I got that one no that's missing
sick he's sick you're gonna put me to
bed okay into bed maybe for me feel sick
legs
did you see she have a temper the
temperature we call dr. Brown mare hello
hi can I speak to dr. brown bear please
yes it's Miffy again I know it's quite a
regular thing do you want to talk to him
if he's mom okay hold on you explained
or I would like to plane yeah yeah no
she's in bed now
she's resting now she should be okay
she's gonna be okay about a minute yeah
yeah about a minute and edge definitely
do okay thanks mr. brown bear bye now
all done everything's gonna be okay
you're going to be okay Missy
one-two-three-four-five seen this photo
shoot birthday photo shoot for oh my
goodness Cena four years old and you've
had four children
forescore what are you going come back
here okay well we give see now her
present her birthday present do you want
to give it to her okay this is her
present okay so you have to sing happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday
year Sina give her her present which one
Cena
you know hmm happy birthday Cena good
girl huh she got it she got it
happy birthday to you oh he needs your
for four o'clock your four Avianca
something her happy birthday to the best
doggy mummy in the world we love you
love and kisses
mummy daddy Amelia Eduardo Albie tio who
else
Nevaeh bianca newbies thank you very
much good girl
we are baking
Cena's cupcakes for her puppies and her
and I'll be that right immediate has
been licking the peanut butter you like
peanut butter she's gonna get a fright
way about her she realizes it's not
sweet Freddy media oh my god mmm
okay okay good girl
can you see me hi
okay we're gonna mix it now mix it of
the carrots look that looks so good did
it you can't see join I lick the spoon
I'm gonna lick it
no yank and easy yeah yes nope you can
lick some yes do you have to hold it
down lower
oh that's dark just that's beautiful
Nevaeh mania is being contaminated
there you go puppies there you go
all right let's pop these in the oven
have you been contaminated do you want
to wipe yeah yeah your finger oh no
where the white okay that's very
concerned about just lick it off we're
just being a flirt
hello friends today we're going to see
if we can break the sound barrier with
the child this is the child that I've
brought along with me today to see if
it's possible just do me warmups
it's important to you or whoever just go
just test to test out the mechanism test
at the back and make sure you got a good
child good one and it is out happy I
think this trial is quick you ready
Shh if you break the sound barrier did
you break the sound barrier
what do you think they don't need any
more warmups
there any to one where else oh okay what
oh hey parlor do you like this poem wha
what a different chair was that you're
not good enough yeah we've got a better
chair we need to get a better chair okay
third pupcakes by the way pupcakes do
you want one
no you wouldn't want wonder pupcakes
they taste like puppies do you like
puppies you like puppies are they your
cupcakes
mommy's cupcakes are Amelia's cupcakes
these cupcakes oh wow
we've also got a shepherd's pie in the
go lads careful careful careful it's hot
so let me guess
oh yeah who gets one of these where's
where is Bianca
that's the oh that's yeah is that
there's nobody in the van sir
actually looks like a can I compete in a
big thank you for here where's where's
the birthday girl herself I see you know
which one Cena which one's seen on me
now that one no daddy's that is really
cool oh yeah immediately ones eat one
can you get a bit of a shop friend
convert each rider come on over to the
barn oh yeah ok everybody happy birthday
to Cena oh happy birthday to you happy
birthday to give seen her pupcake okay
you got it
oh she got it give it to you get Sally
dude somebody
newbies give two newbies Lvov they just
enjoy right there might be a better one
coming oh okay Cena wins another
tomorrow thanks for watching today's
video
huh
gonna pop cake no cupcake she's how cute
was the meteor singing happy birthday to
Cena oh my goodness it's so cute and
then this morning I was trying to
explain to Melia that it was Anna's
birthday like mommy's birthday and she's
like no not mommy's birthday
Cena's birthday and I was like they are
fairly close okay because I think ever
since her birthday because she didn't
really get the concept but her birth it
was like she had such a good time blown
it can deliver a time with Jo and Alf
and stuff
we ended up blowing it counts like three
or four times that day so I think she
really enjoyed that and then I think
ever since then she knows what a
birthday is now so every time it's
someone's birthday she's pretty excited
for it so then I just gotta be hired but
then today hopefully she kept your head
yeah and then tomorrow's gonna be like
whose birthday is it tomorrow whose
birthday is it next
there's no December's or January's
probably me in February and then Alby
and then Eduardo and then the puppies
and then Amelia and then Sina and then
Anna and that's the way our family goes
anyway we're Super Mario Brothers today
that is not the team team for Super
Mario Brothers I can't even remember it
I wasn't really a big Super Mario
Brothers player to be honest I never
really had one of those them sneza super
Nintendos
haven't Sega Megadrive for a while but I
had a lynx yeah anyone remember the Lynx
didn't have very long but the idea we
should get two different consoles and
connect them together and play multiple
games me everybody used to play them but
yeah that was there any Intel the
PlayStation Command it was our
PlayStation anyway
I see you guys smart high school
