good morning it's football day it's
Halloween actually but Amenia is going
to footballs which I didn't realize I
thought it was not on to the half turn
somebody is a little bit windy because
he wants his breakfast
come on you look so cute and then for us
it's actually Halloween tomorrow because
I'll play your football because just in
terms of what we're doing because our
kids are small we are going
trick-or-treating during the day but
there won't be any trick-or-treating in
this blog but there will be Foucault why
are there crayons
even in embeds I have to get the dogs
ready too because the doggies are going
to daycare for the day they're gonna
have a long walk ease it's gonna be so
much fun with Helen said oh he's a bit
of a rush at the door we didn't want to
be late but we're only putting the shoes
on now we just treat the child in the
car it's what we do the shoes when you
got here how long we really got the
matching shoes yet when I've had all
kids use
he's your foot even unfitting knows he's
jamming socks on him could you put in
their leadership
get them all we're hot the balls nights
we got them all ready it's football ever
we got Milky Way's we're gonna keep the
ball in perhaps she managed to score a
goal
come on kick the ball what
the pirate this is what happens when
you're doing Ltd's and it's too bright
oh jeez look at that that's lovely I
love it I love it
lazy what do you want this shot here
yeah pretty pretty darn oh my goodness
next week I I'll tell you later
that's pretty cool I mean II I made the
shots huh he's happy we're gonna carve
some pumpkins doh cupcakes and pumpkins
oh yeah so next week we're shooting the
calendar oh my god it's gonna be so cool
if someone like we've got like set
designers and assistants and producers
and all sorts of people come on it's
gonna be so cool don't you each of the
room we're gonna like build a set to
take the shots it's kind of so calm of
course you get to see how filming like
loads of this you can guys get a real
insight into it but I think it's so much
fun the ideas that we come in and give
me on Tuesday about the meetup in Dublin
so hopefully we'll be able to announce
early next week how you can get yourself
tickets to come meet us in Dublin and
some really exciting is about another
meetup that we're gonna do this year in
a land far far away
seriously it's pretty far away and it's
pretty exciting there's like it's a good
news bad news situation put app you guys
know when I then it comes to fruition
which i think is next week as well when
cuz the Amity fest thing is over now so
the tour people that were organizing
that I've networking and dope needle for
us and this other meetup thing that
we're gonna do it's gonna be exciting
times should be excited excited so I've
just been slaving all day making
cupcakes while Johnson relaxes ponder
wander around this low
we shall go have a nap will we bring a
friend a chap chap named Eduardo with
his mommy Anna who's also Moses meanies
but we don't say that too much these
days as we run astray because it's
Halloween
- they bump your head on the wall
I'm very sorry at all I'm not that tall
don't you see you let's show the baby in
bed and see what she does
she's a cupcake wearing Wellington's
night night are know what it is nothing
like the iPad you can watch Halloween
shows yeah don't wreck Fight Night
Joanna watch Thank You cool you want to
go say goodnight you duardo okay you
going to guardo new cupcake stock up for
tonight don't even has to be will
continum you got my sweets
although we're seeing about because
we're leaving a bucket at the front of
the house because they're like the kids
are gonna go to sleep quite early and
the trick-or-treaters may come after
that's really all we should do we should
get like a bucket and fill roads and
stuff and leave it at the front gate and
like hopefully so means let me drive by
and like steal all of it hello
bad idea but uh so what I trying to get
some stuff getting jokes whisper bites
Freddy faces eggs it's funny though I'm
gonna I used to go trick-or-treating we
used to get monkey nuts and like apples
apples and monkey nuts now it's not like
chocolate six weeks give them that to
get is one of these ears been so long
since I shaved my face properly and even
our Meghan it's a fusion Electra hydro
power slack I don't even know gelareh
it's the best a man can get so I know
that's I don't not one feel marketing
Wilkinson's
my sensitive no looks good what's this
vibrating thing in a - I don't know oh
my goodness laughs tea by the Rays of
any of the books spend extra to buy the
actual blades isn't there one in a
racket let's the other thing I was he
gonna do right is Movember is about
men's health life raising awareness for
men's health the moustache it's supposed
to be the talking point house saying
what if I went out on a bike and every
day for like 30 minutes or something
like that that's kind of floating men's
help in a way
as well as doing a mustache you think
it'd be a good idea you know shaving
gear sweets rockets positive a fireworks
stand
English ops like in the supermarket
you're not meant to look at this thing
got so much fun stuff in it anything for
like a load of rockets as well this will
be fun
I feel so juvenile I know it's
completely legal for me to have them but
I feel like the hell if you please
helicopter following me home I feel like
I'm not supposed to have them I'm
walking at a Morrison so we're gonna go
here marcin's and I'm just like wait
this is Earth Day is this some sort of a
sting or an operation am i triggered I
said the guy's like people is it on
what's the thing Fox guy fawkes
just a November thing whatever it is
almost like it's that way music oh no no
they like you for Halloween - a lot so
loads of sales today so I don't wanna be
the only lie all right the Irish have
moved into the area lads certainly all
the house every GI whole areas devalued
like an Irish ship moved in lads like
cartwheeling ones you know cuz I don't
like scare the crap outta TK spume and
everyone's that's crying and I'm like I
don't want to lose that but this thing
has those like fountains and Lysa
who's up for a fireworks display later
so I'm just decorating my cupcakes and
ice in them I did not make the icing fYI
I Jonathan had bought my ages ago bought
this ready-made
frosting or icing this is like a slime
green one and then there's this - orange
one I was contemplating actually making
it because it always tastes better if
you make it yourself and I think I have
all the food coloring indeed but the
effort that it would take like I made
all the cupcakes from scratch obviously
but that means that I just used all my
you know my little
what you call it my bowl and everything
is in the dishwasher so I was like I'm
just gonna go ahead and use this
ready-made one you pointing the which
indicate okay is not what you go this
one you want to put her in the middle
good girl I mean yeah you found them
okay so good brain Oh Noah brain I mean
yeah is that a zombie brain
hey wait the rain Miku like you know
okay and what else media let's see what
up on there
can you put it in here you do it good
girl come on Mina dryer are busy over
here we've got more important things to
discuss
oh we're gonna have a busy night lads
the doggy friends are home from daycare
he's excited to see her doggy friends
anything ducky friends oh my goodness Oh
a sand castle okay you got to dig all
that stuff out you got a scoop where's
your scooper we get your scooper all
right you got a scoop it all out scoop
it out and put it in here you can eat it
if you want you're not gonna eat it I
know well let's try this bad boy yeah
come on over here come on over here - go
away in case the donkey's find this okay
now the sound bike not really sure
what's it gonna happen here no
professional fire worker see now careful
careful GUI GUI
okay go go go go go you ready
Hey look
what you got wet what did he think of it
look you smile it oh did he
and he was just like.he that was like a
smile no is fun though isn't it well
when it's not exploding I was like oh
I've made a terrible mistake I know
you're not like me see you
you okay try to join lighten it Owen no
yeah I can he's gonna eat them look at
him
cool Oh big bites bites I'm the pumpkin
man I know forever playing with the
dangerous equipment okay you want me
gonna put it outside let's see what it
looks like you can actually warp foam
can mask it look like a candle in there
hey it's cool Jonathan look a sensation
careful of boo it's cool isn't it this
may not be here that's okay juveniles
might actually come by and destroy
good idea okay let's go so who is the
but there's a book of the Suites there
there's a little guy there oh that means
I have permission to do it as well hey I
wonder is there like a display that's
across the road whoa okay let's go look
we got this thing here it comes with a
launcher alright what is it what are the
Pens laughing okay we're gonna stay here
I'm gonna guard my turf so that no
doggies coming come on yeah yeah yeah
quick careful okay
we'll be here
ready ready okay that was crazy
come to my house no newbies you ready
it's okay why no now hopefully this is
nice and small because it was the
smallest one in the box
I know that's what I want this look at
that it's harmless
yeah nice case I hope that this gonna
explode
well here we
folks it is time to turn into a little
boy oh yeah
now I gotta take the thing off oh my
goodness he gets ready for this I'm
gonna look like a little boy it's kind
of do I say it's gonna be worth it for a
good cause you know I get all hard this
is even if I could start now I could
just take the little bits off and leave
some sort of hair but not the road said
you have to be full clean-shaven face
tonight yeah this is me this is me this
is me correctly half your time look huh
huh
anyway you can see in the mirror oh my
god it's not very just continue
when I was younger myself my brother
like we were so much like fireworks were
like so much fun and juvenile and stuff
and then when you're a parent it's like
I live - I live - when I felt like that
was too much teaching much you know that
little candle thing I didn't expect that
I would I went rummaging through the box
like the smallest tiniest little thing
thinking like well maybe it's like a
little you know colorful display the
whole thing explodes at the end oh it
was a bit of fun though it's cool that
there's another night though um
fireworks night or something in UK so
hopefully I'll get to fight off some
more stuff then anyway thanks for
watching today's video I hope you
enjoyed it don't forget to hit the like
button don't forget to leave some
comments and little boy jofi we'll see
you tomorrow we're just actually back
from trick-or-treating with the media it
was so much fun and you can check my
video for that exciting fun time and
I'll see you taste mom but
