we gotta do 20 Sofia friend Suzanne she
doesn't remember her as well so
Suzanne's moving on to Eduardo now
they've given open Emilia betray her she
drive the presence so forward
hmm do you guys remember Suzanne the
last day we left core emotional she's
from Beijing do her hair through your
hair today would you do you choice
Sophie could remember her name
you told Sophie down the stairs what
else you go before oh this one yeah come
on no we have to go you're gonna say
goodbye to Suzanne come on be nice be
nice come on say goodbye to Suzanne come
on be nice be nice yeah you date you
daddy
use that almost honey oh my Sami say hi
oh my honey
oh my goodness almost Ollie's from a
long time ago Oh her legs are bendy Oh
her arm is kind of wonky
she's a bendy leg in a wonky arm look
all these toys everywhere
hey you're Sofia Sofia here Sofia is a
new toy from Suzanne yeah okay what
having to keep free world again we make
it for you world you've got some
meetings on here the borough of Mary we
could blow it off I'm just like sneak by
day I never used it used it yet so I
know she's not gonna use oh no no hold
her hand
use your picture right now look at the
world it's got holes eyes look at his
team does it move
no it doesn't unlock where sure does
crazy one
various Oh Scott yo is this thing is it
I don't know you ain't supposed to move
oh we're pretty first people ever to
make that thing what does it say anyway
the Paris Shingo believe it's a
horoscope globe spinner maybe that's
where all the Aquarians hang out all the
Leos hang out and so we're asked to come
to it an interview by the Daily Mail
they wrote an article with Vince ain't
like but I'm finding I'm suggesting
being dirty today in the rec hall can
you come down for a meeting
art morning I think they were hoping we
would probably say that we wouldn't want
to you know what I mean find our corner
some of that you know so uh anyway they
said to me said this morning didn't even
show up boom
well done good job good job folks so um
so if you see something lately in the
Daily Mail and they say we contacted
Simoni Jodie's for a quote but they did
not it's because that's what it said in
I think yeah they're like they didn't
answer and I'm reading this going like
what we mean didn't answer you even ask
the question unless they write my Irish
mobile and gave up I'm like come along
now so yeah didn't even show up so I
decided to make the best of a situation
we're gonna go see your friend did it
jelly bean no it's very far like
everything for Amelia and some things
for Eduardo
haha this is where you guys should come
in Douglas it's the best understand any
opportunity oh no don't we kill it
look who's back
it's the jellybean you know that
painting on outside Amelia's room the
canvas one Marie sent that to us and we
even know yeah yeah it's cool
hell yeah by using yarns or even kicked
in some come with it cause that's how we
talk that Baba's coffin if that was
happening why you think if there's
another hedge out there whatever dancing
to the golf clubs
thanks smoochie smoochie small today we
gonna go see pay hey face not a baby
anymore please man a baby faces a major
zoo are you a baby oh you're not a baby
huh
what you got a runny nose yeah we get a
tissue let's go to meet ya
careful I've got you maybe I came over
and said she did this before I like when
we were in England as well she say who
my prince
because obviously when I'm changing him
I say who's my little prince
who is my neighbour Prince I didn't even
realize I was saying it but then I mean
I came over like my prince
he loves you know do you love do you
love Eduardo on your tummy
that's his tongue he but your bracelet
yeah that's pretty yeah oh did a break
okay we're gonna put on the dryer to his
new outfit okay look at Lauren go oh
good right in the middle huh do I know
and then koala cute me do three and has
a polar bear in your hand it's so cute
and get a design
she's a big head I got six to 12 months
no because that's you're supposed to
play what they what are you doing fast
asleep
hmm this is because she's getting no
naps let's take all these toys though we
don't need to bring them okay Shane made
this but Nikki's gonna pretend she
minitest that's good
is anyone see there should be two of
them what's get away where is it
what are you doing here you plotting a
problem your escape sorry sorry sorry
what
no you know I've gone outside to see the
look in there hey hey hi hi
it's so cute like we have so many
pictures of those two together as little
babies you know hello hello chocolate
face - chocolate faces
what you doing have to blow what are you
to do to me show me show me show me this
thing where it's a good thing we could
do this together we'll do that right
say cheese like you always buy so I
don't sleep in face bad and that's sad
but we have to go so you must wake him
up
this is cruel well that's not that bad
hi
why does awake wardens awake oh my - its
Nicki's on me the clocks went back an
hour and tonight and I'll say oh that's
cool and then I realized that that meant
we get an hour or less because I mean II
usually accept at 7 a.m. but by the
clocks changing I mean he's gotta get up
it sticks in everyone it that's not fun
I don't like that idea
oh she has all the windows I mean yeah
the hour is not changing
okay what do we just don't have ready
our changes oh no she'll still myself it
will change I thought maybe we don't
tell her oh no oh no there's no way I'd
never has never been an issue before has
it no because she was still like you
know baby
yeah no I should get rid of that how our
change thing the cobster
where's Gabi garden mice house yeah he's
not 100% sure
bye-bye Gabby doesn't meet his trademark
likes to fall asleep
you like to sleep Amenia yeah
Amelia Sophia don't forget because of
daylight savings if you're wondering why
this video was an hour late it is
because daylight savings has happened
here in the GMT time zone so when it was
actually six o'clock for us I think it
was seven o'clock or you're outside it's
just it's an hour later the blog is
gonna be on an hour later from now until
whenever the time zone changes again and
then we'll go back but in case you were
wondering
tomorrow you're like or update for you
guys where's the blog it's an hour later
GMT time zone switches tonight watching
for which every I always used to love
this one he's to get an extra I'm bad
and now meet Lee's gonna wake up an
extra hour earlier she's not gonna know
she's she's gonna think Oh dad it's
definitely it's actually six she gets a
brad seven most mornings it is time for
a roast dinner is it Sunday you know
tomorrow Sunday we're having a Sunday
roast on Saturday oh yeah happy Sunday
lads no way
look at this it's like Nando's we got
homemade Nando's we just have in the
past act PS the resistance fiesta
look at this thing YUM did you catch the
fresh
morning yes you can eat a pumpkin sweet
a pumpkin I know Robert always eating
your Sophia oh my goodness lads chances
let me tell you about the chancers I
call it lads I called him I called him
and their Chancellor this and even
stating I was like their hope - no go
ahead get off - no good what did they go
and do without even meeting us today
saying they're gonna meet us because
they knew they've affected they said
they were thinking that we were not
gonna show up boom double spread huh
haven't ready yet we're like I don't
know it's like you can say whatever you
want to bet somebody in a closed room
when you don't give that person that
you're talking about the voice the
opportunity to you know defend
themselves or to correct you if you just
go ahead and say we won about a person
and say hey can I ask you a question
yeah sure go ahead
don't answer them and they just print
whatever the hell you want my dick ah we
knew it I knew it
you have to know good I knew it well
let's go home and read this trilling
read people and why are trilling weed it
was we're gonna go check this Translate
out isn't that like amazing I think that
might be Jon and Kate Plus 8 because I
think eight kids into adults and we have
like six dogs two kids and two adults
which makes up the same numbers so we're
like kind of John and Ann plus eight
like but even though look the boys are
on the actual boys and the girls are
like it actually matches up ridiculously
well is it because that's Albion Theo
and Eduardo in the green and all the
girls and stuff in the pink meet up huh
I know I did that securely so she
couldn't say did you good job whoever
made that one and even all the other
NSAIDs are so good sometimes you guys
blow me away with somebody on stage you
guys make and in case I see some
comments people asking
by the entity I don't make the insulates
if you guys want to make an end slate
just tweet it to me I'm trying to figure
out a better way because sometimes I do
miss them with you you know I do miss
them whatever but am ia just so cool and
you nobody could anyway I'll see you
guys tomorrow
thanks for watching say bye Eduardo no
don't just grab the camera dude grab the
camera see you tomorrow bye
