and as a Coney Joanie's they live in a
farm
hello everyone and good morning good
morning from the Isle of the Emperor's
also known as a man I can read by there
they have made you nose is amazing
everything wrong we got the niche grains
you got the Jews because excuse that
editing it's just like a normal day it's
that is a minute ax running around
instead of dogs sniff but then they move
so fast the dogs don't move it fast
do ya do you get some toys who's that
Barbie yeah oh hi Barney hi Barney how
did you know that Barbies
we've been going old school with the
breakfast Flavin's quick oats because
you know what we can't find that in UK
law I know
homey you combined in different shops
but our local communities or whoever we
buy our food and you around my food we
buy the other ones dining remember name
them I'm I'm D climate is now my Gardens
remember that's old-school Apple raisin
and cinnamon
Thanks now I have apple and cherry and
something or other
vignettes put hello they can't suck on a
millions foot that's okay though isn't
it Tony a little kitten hello kitty cat
kitten hello little kitty cat didn't
give her toys oh you ran away she's
determined to Clara Lahey
that's not the piano I mean that's not
the piano okay the media with hair
hahaha Donna music oh no that's Emma and
Anna invested little one
mmm but look it's immediate right Wow
the dryer is nothing ever put anyway
wait anyway huh well anyway I don't
think you should be in here no little
friend
no no friends come here
jump to me don't scroll me quick come on
come on come on I'm here to help
hi we're friends right she's scared yeah
daddy's got her thoughtful gonna catch
ya don't don't
you're all gonna oh my goodness
Amelia's hot you look so cute uh-huh
Justin still walking at the door
Ã©douard just like true up all over my
arm I was I was going with the long
sleeves today was true of all of me I'm
soaking and I stink on baby vomit
nice nice move son huh
it was party to big Irish fry he had
this morning can you tell if you talk or
me no well I just put your to talk about
your train the car we've established is
one of those cars then as those turns
off things every time you stop I don't
often find it out they both kind of
weird just got like what happens where
the car crash let's go judo market Mira
it has it water dripping we're pretty
hectic I know none of you remember his
friends it actually looks like it just
started raining just as we got here like
it's so unfair isn't it
all right oh and it's a new one let's go
to the Spanish and I love your hat she
party remember all the cookies yes thank
you so much bigger baby baby just like
you warm you know this new warm Sun look
at this oh my god
hey how are you how is it is that
oh my goodness you get a gingerbread 95
it's all nicely me
we've taken shelter shelter from the
storm I mean is running on shoes put it
out shoes and a Eduardo shoes once you
pick them for a dry no no they're nice
you gonna help mommy pick a jumper for
it one duardo enjoy shopping just as
much as I do
I'm cold out for the count
I mean it mom pointing so long yeah we
have a meeting at 2:00 we gotta drop the
kids off try and get lunch and get to it
hopefully he'll stay asleep although
this probably is not so you may have two
children on your hands
nothing right we are heading out
just waiting on Anna we are going to a
meeting I'll move to I'm meeting with my
accountants and stuff howdy partner
that's the water thingies I think Oh cuz
there's one that you know I looked at
her first is like what is that I think
that's the water thing they have in
Ireland their intended link that can
handle in there like that then oh we're
gonna go see Minnie you see Minnie oh hi
Minnie
she is there look huh still Minnie's
tree hmm
you see that tree yeah when our puppies
were born five of them were born but
unfortunately one of them didn't make it
we call her a meanie she lasted about a
week the best did she had like a hole in
her heart do something oh no oh come
here to me not that many different kind
of mini but we buried a puppy here and
we yeah we got this little tree plants
to grow under knee over eaters that I
have blossom um me he's inside Minnie
it's fine different mini we're talking
about did for me we decided to bury her
here because we move around so much that
this is like a constant and his mom says
like a constant 22 pond I built was it
upon daddy built oh yeah then you build
a pun bit of a her gardener Joe let's
can't see it I know it's around here
somewhere
right there is a pond in there that he
build upon and wouldn't take a step any
closer than that lads it's bit of a
swampland
looks like someone actually fell in
there huh we go to Ole Miss we're almost
house hmm you having fun at Ole Miss
house yeah did you have fun while mom
and dad were away yeah we were supposed
to be only at the meeting for about an
hour but we're definitely two or three
hours audio that's miffy maybe that cat
on the chair okay okay engineer Oh our
dog walker just sent some pictures of
the dogs isn't that such a cool picture
they are having the time of their life
she did she didn't home let's get
morning look at them waters okay yeah
yeah oh my goodness check this out the
car comes with Wi-Fi what you know when
I'm you travel to different country
right you get that aroma which is a pain
in the booty right but this thing the
car comes with Wi-Fi so now we have
Wi-Fi in the car isn't that so cool I
couldn't believe it I was like are you
serious
Wi-Fi no like a lot of times we get like
Madison Lee or overcrowd are you done
that they always call my wife why but
I'm just so impressed by his take okay I
gotta put in a I put my coat in let's
see if this works it's amazing cuz they
you always do that when you're when
you're traveling somewhere you say you
use up your data roaming credit and you
know you shouldn't because it's like 20
cent a Meg and literally like an
Instagram pic is about two or three
Meg's and then you got to refresh it to
read the comments and it's just
never-ending then you gotta check your
video and then you go reach
video comments new Twitter's and
everything I was telling them about the
cool Internet I don't have a program
working I'm gonna have a plug-in this is
so cool
I know I know this is so cool we're are
sneaking off again ready kids too long
my friend that's in case you haven't
gotten a right
you do realize case you guys never this
building that is a totally deletion with
an N but he insists on calling it the
Eliseo girl comes from Ireland Ireland
that is the tallest building in the
world sometimes it doesn't know the day
that's why the more you say no it isn't
yeah nothin you don't do it to annoy me
you do it because look look it's spelt
right there yeah ly s is also a right it
does anybody know where there's a coffee
cup on my - the car is there a coffee
machine and the old stomping ran he ran
away
hopefully uh the car Nana doesn't get
towed away YUM
did you guys do Wi-Fi oh my god my
friend's sister is having her first baby
soon she thought the sweep done oh my
god and she feels like she's wetting
herself sorry I think she might be going
I think her was everyone said that it
can happen yeah we never never really
had an effect that's our first baby
though isn't it no way so excited works
I'm like it just brings back like
memories yeah she was just a young lady
thank you having a baby yeah no way
double solid all the way I won't let the
munch what does it mean again you got
rice yum yum
Ryder just woke up you know he's around
here you know any of you men huh what
you up there
let's check we're a role in the bath
rollin with the homies hanging out in
that meeting with our accountants and
stuff you know it's really interesting
that's how it's weird it's a weird
conversation to have you know I have
this really morbid conversation about
the fact that you know we're putting in
place of fun for if anything ever
happened like if I died or Hannah died
you know they're probably like he's
gonna raise the kids it's going after
the kids you know me we're set up a
policy and a fund like that you know
make sure Amelia and Eduardo are taken
care of and you should happen to myself
a tiny no but it's it it's a weird thing
to have a conversation like that you
know you feel like you know you know
mortality either in the fact of life you
know and it's just something I don't
know as a parent is it's different
you're we've actually ever since having
kids we couldn't talk about it a few
times about what we do itself right I
feel really happy now
knowing that you know the kids are gonna
be left after if you know hopefully you
never ever use it although I think if
the kids realized what kind of a pair
they're there even for you might
conspire to take out take myself and
Hannah out of the equation would you no
no I don't know but just what more do
you know what she's thinking like like
in my my shouldn't something happen and
the water to me yeah like you know she
wouldn't get to be raised the way we
raised her you know we raised her our
own way the way that we feel is best for
her we know her we know she likes what
she doesn't like and nor inside of
something happened like that I know it's
especially deep more of a conversation
to have but feel really good really
happy to know that that's in place you
know obviously the counters like owner
we always them travel all four of us if
we're getting the plane is like all four
of us in the plane so at least we all go
together
give me big brother give me a big Frank
night squared your Halloween share your
Halloween face yeah All Right see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching this
video
yes it's a row the end slate well boy
has n Joe fee jokes grown-up and being a
parent and old grown a parent making
those decisions uh yeah you wanna get
Oreo well oh I don't think you can get
Oreo she's very high up in a while if
you got a good old boyfriend L do thank
you so much for leaving comments liking
my video and just you know subscribing
if you haven't subscribed yet feel free
you know there's no pressure but every
time these every time someone subscribes
it's the Kony Jolie's and Angel gets no
wings oh gotta go tortoise roars on
