okay ready give me five give me five
five
good morning and welcome to Wednesday I
think if you want to eat shocked by my
poopoo slam indeed what we are on our
way to school
yeah yeah let's be a pop this Sophia
Park we are in a way to Sophia bar see
she is marche de holy august no be Dona
Oh guys you like my scarf when we were
in the Westbury they gifted myself and I
I don't know if you saw my insta stories
this lovely scarf this place public
house table it's a stable is this a
Irish scarf company which is next door
to the Westbury if you want to check it
out go down Grafton Street take a right
into the shop catch yourself a scar from
one can be scar friends what she stopped
pressing lights right no tired with pies
the time has come we check out my new
makeup line Jonathan's
Jovie is G lluvias johntavious I cream
be sure scooter patrols get it patrol
gets gets gets get it patrol around the
loose you're going to school hopefully
they don't crash in like the fool poor
unless yeah hey look at you she just
doesn't feel well today actually none of
us we do they all have colds
they all have coughs she's got an eye
thing we're like a weepy eye she's so
tired I need to put it to it oh the Sun
just came out wow it's actually really
nice day today but it's meant to rain
baby and she just got over another cold
and now she's into a different one so
that's really sad but I know who she got
it from shorter for I don't know media
cuz they pick it up from school this is
a very baby thing like I feel like this
always ready this always happens with
the third baby and like my friend
Sabrina had exactly the same with her
third baby lace he used to get sick all
the time like obviously from like
picking up stuff from the older two so
poor little things
oh my carries on it must mean it's
Christmas guys it must mean it's
Christmas time
I know there are Bertos huh hello there
oh that's you guys quiet corner play
with some traffic play with the morning
traffic right I'm out walking feel and I
don't know what you are these white
converse it's so muddy Oh Thea what am I
gonna do I need to walk in these
sections here doing a wheelie I keep
thinking there's people behind me but
there isn't
Sophie was going to the vet today that's
why he's here with me he keep swinging
for like a really long time I don't know
if there's something wrong all right why
don't we go over here Theo you can have
a little run around yeah don't go over
to that man and start barking on him
okay please don't embarrass me you're on
TV yesterday you did really well
oh gosh straight for the man
get boy Oh who's that good boy who has
recall Theo does Theo does he's such a
good boy
thank you it's a nice little bonding
experience just having one dog boy
friends I have some exciting news that I
can't tell you this is going to be
amazing
you'll get to find out shortly what it
is I'm not sure when I just it's not
like I can't tell you about it but I'm
myself and my team we've been working
for a few months on doing something
incredible for you guys that I told be
super fun to do I don't want to tell you
to split up but let me tell you in about
a week's time I think it's in about a
week or so going in answer to you
something amazing amazing and it's for
you and it's gonna blow your minds and
it's gonna be so exciting and in order
to do that we need to build this giant
furniture thing that we picked up from
Ikea yesterday
it's called e/m collects it collects
taxes plaques we're building in Clark's
lights it's a game where you have to
like walk through the thing like this
okay this is harder than it looks
get excited for that guys coming soon to
this channel I've never seen it done
like this on YouTube so I'm very excited
you should be excited to you some of you
might even be able to guess what it is
but now I will not confirm nor deny
rumors speculation and hearsay but it's
the climbing tell you what guy is this
dog is a superstar never actually walked
you know by himself before he has
perfect recall he's so good he keeps
looking back at me for like approval
unlike to sure that he's listening and
stuff he's amazing Mike Helen said the
smear before she's like feels so good he
could totally do a dirty like he's just
so obedient but like he kind of gets
lost with all the others you know
I just never noticed before how good he
actually is he does not like Cowboys we
always knew she'd get sick one day oh
look at that Wow oh my goodness that's
it that's the solution
you just flip up a blood camera and she
takes it you go know it's your first
time getting sick is it which looks
terrible today with all these little
heavy him huh
it's so sad yeah and the guardo's portly
and immediate sporty there's one
sporting hmm well mom and dad are okay
he's so Co is poorly okay ready
give me five give me five in five boom
Alex's kid who's eight months old can
say mama so you can say Dada
Oh Dada or mama what do you wanna say Oh
pleased to meet you pleased to meet you
give five guys it's time to break out
the odds these if you don't have a pair
of these in your life they're so good
you guys remember when I got this last
year they are Oaks but they're like so
comfy I've worn them in year are squishy
and comfy but it is getting cold
he's moving this Cup dance on but it is
getting cold as ice and I'm willing to
sacrifice cuz they're also great for
jumping in
like stomping in me all right Theodore
move over move over Theodore Theodorus
Theodorus okay
so this how we're driving Theo is it is
that what you're sitting for the drive
I'm all for that side huh
we're not going alone whoa
it's a family excursion so Anna doesn't
like going to the vets and then she was
trying to get out of oh but she's trying
to get out of it they can you go peony
tomorrow's ofwhat know you're gonna get
your head shaved fire jumbo jets number
head son I got my edge bio jumbo jazz do
we say dogs
and now I do when you're into that you
can't be strutting around like you're
going solo no TV goes to one it stayed
on the couch yeah yeah this morning
right we're at the vets we're at the vet
co-ceo knows I think Theo knows that
we're here
he's not very impressed so he of the day
is getting some bloods done getting the
blood because and we think he has a UTI
or something hopefully it's something
too serious an even smaller dogs in you
Theo you mean I think she get six of
these one fries or what we used to do in
my house because there's for kids is we
did a raffle
just before yeah yeah yeah we do raffle
and we didn't get like no Mimi Eduardo
always get their own ones see y'all it's
okay hmm well you are gonna get a needle
in you what I'm not being negative
Chucky feel heavier dogs no he got his
blood taken and now we're gonna see if
we can get him to do a wheelie and how's
the cup to collect the we okay now we're
just gonna walk around here you feel
like if you feel like we ngons that you
ready you ready human evil movies do
babies smell attire dogs like meeting
entires
look heel
all right that was nice that was
refreshing
what do you think oh wow it's why last
year our DTO whoo what's this what's
this what's this we just chill there for
a minute
come on here well the baby's here
yeah I know the feeling I can ever pee
when people are looking just bringing
our dog for a walk make him pee you can
call the Pete walk today actually what's
the P walk what's the tricks to get your
dog to pee do you sing a song you run a
tap approach tree come on oh look at
this corner here oh I thought it's known
for it oh look you got some hedge got
some things here cuz that a sniff
you got a sniff Oh does that sniff you
feel oh we got some grass not sure what
oh no no I'm just like him oh no he's
gonna go careful get ready get ready get
ready get ready Gary Co Co Co Co Co Co
Co
Oh get it okay now walk carefully hey
true and walk carefully which are a bowl
of pea there is this no no
so Alessia has a really high temperature
in one year thirty eight point six and
then the other air she's got no
temperature so I think unless you look
at reporter lies I think unless you
might be like Eduardo and have like I
know hopefully not hopefully not it's
just like we have experience with
Eduardo so ok so it's hard from the
babies are sick mm-hmm-hmm hate the
thing us feedbacks I had this thing row
row your boat hundred times to put you
sleep last night yeah hmm well you're
kind of contagious so I don't want to
get the old good junk dividers pinkeye
situation I still love you mmm
let's go mister mmm you wanted your iPad
to battery tonight have the stairs is
for apple pie
mmm a is for Apple martini a is for
allocation hmm is for give me a clue
paypal apparel aperitif
they're so cute it was her mom gave her
is my favorite just I just love because
it's okay it is pink know you've got
your homework to do tops and pens
another non-fiction book ending an is a
bet to assault assault me
don't be assault her be a shaker you
know it serious he pops never the dog
zebra bar concede isn't here she goes
what are you doing what are you doing
stop Anna you are a meme so much to turn
into a meme you could be a mean I know
I'm trying to show me all these means I
just but it's like huh somebody am i a
meme loves any memes about me please
tweet them to me wow I must be mean oh
come on
ten years of content I've produced I
must have made a meme along no please
make a meme of me you have to be like no
you aren't funny to be a mean they just
take something you did and make it funny
what what's happening now well that's
great like her I need a man who can cook
me
maybe I should try made chips right if I
set the kitchen on fire what I become a
meme decided that I mean goodbye friends
so see you tomorrow and I become a
famous meme I cannot wait to be my kill
me f1 guys make me a famous name what
you mean not funny enough you don't have
to be funny you have to be funny with it
knowing you're funny
exactly Eduardo could be a meme guys
send me some memes okay and I'll include
them in can you point me in a video I
don't know see you later is thanks for
watching today's video always
appreciated I hit the like button
subscribe if you are new and hit the
bell button because that's how you get
notifications and I'll stay yesterday's
video somewhere and the subscribe button
somewhere and I will see you tomorrow
hope you enjoyed the video bye
