hello friends hello
you know what fun night last night meal
is looking taken this you dog they're
ready to go up in there careful with
that word daycare party daycare party
you guys excited she text you something
no we're just getting ready yeah did you
have fun last night didn't I keep saying
it's an election isn't sure she didn't
see it but I still out the eyeliner
stuff on all their black silvers gum I
like it
seriously I don't know if y'all start
wearing my it tasted big yeah thankfully
tree oh that we would like the tree
honey and I'll be starving happy there
we go
look again sweetheart okay meanie you're
gonna go in your holidays now - we're
gonna go see you know what she's upset
you know oh that's kind of cute cute
though you know she be attached to them
come on okay
you get to see the cats though the new
kitten I just remember that we're just
looking right this morning there's too
late but it's as she's she was revived
to the ruby slippers have arrived for
last night all right I would like to -
them hopefully go where we're all going
on a merry-go-round then is it level -
all right
okay let's go follow mommy
Oh mommy departure is level two mommy
we're just trying to get there by a gun
for the big
don't want to keep that one stall all
your toys you want to want to put it up
there
wire doesn't like the stopping it's an
airplane
airplane ready to go are you to go on an
adventure
they're actually get their own seat
their own seep out huh okay you can take
something but get some food let's get to
he's right here oh my godness
okay see it the cheats cheats mom
brought oh she bought some for that too
surprising enough planet in today's
Peppa Pig
that looks good because both of them
like it
does not read that into watching
anymore but both of them liked it so we
trying
thank you for going
except you
there is no difference if you are ever
curious by changing it out
Nega different strands it's the same
experience to put the imagines that's
only why there's no
International Space Station innovation
or thing
to change that easy and all the groups
you wanna go see oma huh we're back in
the hole and what is it on Tobias girls
look amazing
Helene locks Amy Amelia look at her look
at her the devil the devil thank you Ron
fell asleep during landing come on go
see OMA OMA
Oh Miami and Erica well Emma's in New
York but rest are there ya go this one
Coco Coco Coco who's that
he just explore confused than anything I
feel like I just one car seat shopping
let's go get our car home of wind and
rain come on follow mommy let's see what
we won the game of renting a car
this is taking ten times longer his
immediate wants to push zipperhead to
6-4 let's teach you tree
new 64 is our winner where are we going
you media Ireland go ahead Harlan we are
in Ireland and now we're going to whose
house
Alma's heaven she says Arling like a
partner because nice yeah I know cuz I
started saying it like Ireland yeah yeah
it's like nobody understands when like
everyone were in the UK party people are
like oh where you from we're like
Ireland and everyone always looks at you
like so Heidi's valid a or E and then
they like Ireland and I'm like yeah
Ireland so now I started saying Ireland
because I feel like people don't
understand me when I say Harlan I think
we say it would it ain't like oh yeah
that's really weird look at his car this
is like a future car I got a nose I look
wears anything how do you make it go
Oh driving G Douglas oh yeah all right
lads let's just arty have you missed me
it's a cinema open No
as the road road feet know what's going
on though this don't look as a Halloween
costume no way is lift me a little mash
eyes go up by the Seine I was talking
about a little hamon girl all right yeah
Anna's dream was to go there you've
walked quite every day as a child and
dream hmm
first of all that wasn't there when I
was a child then when I was a child at
the age where I actually wanted to do
ballet I was in Baltimore so it doesn't
make any sense
uh-huh area Nolan burns McDonald's oh my
god what Nextiva tastes the same oh wait
no chute media what are you talking
about we never go to my god that's be
careful I'm actually driving to her old
house yes okay Amy I'm sorry but imagine
we drive up to all let's just pill it
we're a lot of saying that we could all
Amelia's friends you know that we she
made I'm right I don't know what if she
feels like she's home yeah what if she
tries to run home yeah
because everyone's always open okay
we're you push and sing oh yeah
no no no where's the kitten oh my
goodness Amelia no no no keep in here
you see the little baby kid you gettin
down boy I know you know where it was
happy in there now in the old cat bed
but it's playing a cat toy cat toy
toddler clothes okay oh she got a tear
no no yes gentle gentle gentle gentle
it's really gentle she's only a baby
Oh gentle Amelia she's just a baby
why do is a baby but this is a baby
kitten Eric is here whoa
Erica recently got a hundred thousand
subscribers on YouTube do not throw more
videos up but the runny nose there Etra
punished but you gotta lick his nuts hey
Margaret got this thing what you know
she doesn't understand yes he works what
so we're gonna try it out lavance the
yeah oh I think it's Spanish or
something
but you're though we're gonna give it go
and see if it's as good as Nespresso
maybe will then maybe we'll move over to
these guys maybe maybe it's mabeline
open hearts and open minds we have hope
let's see what happens come on me oh you
can do it
oh it's chocolaty hello
I know she waited three kappa all the
bots emini huh
you see the kitty cats in the box
Eduardo is having the lobster make him
seem so cute looking oh my god since he
was here last like look how much bigger
he's gone well he wasn't even sitting
off exactly
and like that's Amelia's handy sit
trip-trap thing and he I know cheat
everybody really liked it he likes it
that's cool
I mean yeah yeah I decided to put some
pasta with my cheese Oh
huh ticket you guys you're so cute and
it's child bedroom brim torque Oh wrong
one hello this room is notorious for
spiders straight into our film spider
seriously there's always spiders you
have to watch they get you if they get
in the room oh okay
you see I'm just hoping he's not gonna
like one of me I have to go into that
room okay there's no relax relax relax
everything is okay nobody needs to panic
take the roof who knows dropping spiders
Oh seriously okay Oh Elvis that's what I
used to draw eyes when I was when I gave
Ana where's my one say she throw money
still flats or is he oh my god I was a
giant web oh my god is respite attach
that web that's my yeah we Boykin boots
locks we still sin here oh my
playstation 3 so long it's been since I
played a PlayStation 3 let's
have you seen muffin man - man up women
have you seen looked like ass hanging
about having the creek on this
hallowee-- huh it's taken you in yet
yeah excuse me
it must have set my alarm Eliquis yeah
you see my love this little baby has
very very pretty okay well I'll see you
guys later next week or so
all right dear worldwide population of
the Internet this device here does not
seem to work I feel like I put this
together like a better muncher Hugo
whenever we're here
it's called momma's and Papas right
purple and black that's all I know
better what's just it's just so we're at
we're doing a friend artist who lives
pretty close she has 50 kids so she must
have one of these I cannot she said well
I watched a video of a guy and he cheap
and he's just like yeah I just put it
down
cool like yeah question so I hate him
now what I just I just you know just I
won't
okay connects it's got a connection
issue we collapsing and I thought all
right I'll try redoing it oh my goodness
I was actually taking this Mickey and I
was joking
pretending to do it and I actually did
it I was just like oh yeah it's just the
simplest uncle and actually work she's
got her yeah so it's pretty late I had
to edit DM this video the baking video
oh my goodness I'm a little friend of me
hallo friend um yeah oh my goodness it
is so cute it's me Amelia and Anne into
art oh I did
well baking is that tombstone cookie
things there so actually go that's
really funny video
kinda I messed up with the flower of
proportion when I was rolling the stuff
just disintegrated the cookie dough just
like disintegrated I've kind of forgot
about it because then we went out to a
party and we got a plane and we came
here I kind of forgot that so this is
editing it there and I was like oh my
goodness this is such a funny video and
it's my first baking baking video
I've never am I've never done a baking
video on YouTube I never done baking
video what a media YouTube you know
maybe I she's made many more I don't
know
watch the video on Friday I'll tell you
I'll remind you guys tomorrow I'll give
you links and stuff what's under mom's
IV channel anyway but it's really funny
I like it Amelia sleep on her sofa bed
Eduardo's asleep and a travel cot and
myself are sleep over in a bed but it's
a small room if that sounds like it's
used not at the time the rooms were all
like cramped up to get like stepping
over each other it was hard to get
Amelia to go down the door to get in and
also stairs anyway we're all retired but
I hope you enjoyed today's video
uh see you guys tomorrow for another
exciting day and hopefully oh my
goodness if anyone knows in Ireland in
court is there a pumpkin patch she could
be would you never find him before we
lived here and now I know it's been
wanting it not for like four months or
something but just in case there is some
cool thing we're we're gonna be here for
a little bit so just in case something
cool some cool how do we need for
anything that we can go to hit me up on
Twitter or even the comments or
something like that because that would
be so much fun to go to anyway I thought
you guys later enjoy the rest of your
whatever it is for you but
