oh my goodness your name I was like yeah
and then she was like I like why so I
don't know can you spend your name cuz
you didn't do the L or the IO today
after a sec eat management Oh Mina oh
yeah she knows there goes Amelia oh can
you sponsor Coney Johnny yeah like you
spell team kinda it's the bear from your
bare paws mm-hmm it seems like you're
fun so you can eat them as well if you
weren't
what's Eduardo spelling oh he spelled
Tom look she's giving a shout-out to all
the Tom's all the Tom's and the blogs
what's up Tom huh what's that Tom hmm
can you go please
we're doing that some cupcake diliman
videos it's a Halloween special you're
gonna watch it'll be over in the mom's
IBEW channel on Friday check it out I'll
remind you before that but it's gonna be
pretty cool it's gonna break it off now
we're baking these cool as dad tombstone
cupcake things it's gotta be amazing
possibly the best Halloween baking video
you're ever going to watch so you
wouldn't want to miss that party some
extra accessory stuff for the party
tonight for having a party everyone it's
hard but yesterday we're like we should
distance you did my expedited delivery
time is supposed to come at 10:00 to
5:00 this morning there's now 11:05
there's no sign of them have I made it
deviously bad mistake have I this is
this is the hoodie that we picked up
from the hora fast ik
so we're gonna bring another can see
your mom's face
hmm yeah hopefully yeah hopefully
there's not a problem only issues
delayed and it's not like a problem
because just give me a problem that
doesn't arrive imagine had these kind of
likes or blogs and all the time okay
where do the wake yeah are you bacon
did you tell did you tell the driver
your bacon cookies oh oh daddy forgot to
turn the thing off watch I like them too
let's move our arm gonna put the arm up
arm up arm down Ready Steady Go hey
cheater Jaden just about crawling race
come on Eduardo come on videos funny lag
are very good is that daddy snorts daddy
where's daddy hello hello Wow you're a
very good blogger oh that's your hand oh
no turn it around you can touch you
can't see in you can't see into it no
don't stick your eye in a novena all the
rage lies oh is it the back oh yeah
that guy hi it's a nice suit
is it nice I'm not going to be later
guys yeah I heard you dress for success
it's like an Vikings oh my god the Huns
actually go with you
they weren't white with their blood say
now so VP that makes me he is that nice
just before we leave the media tries to
burst her lip open gets blood on my top
it kind of adds to my Halloween
community there huh
that's my Halloween look this is what
I'm going as I'm going as an Irish
youtuber with two children the six dogs
I think it's pretty cool can you guess a
nice dress the beautiful yeah can you
guess - going us sure
well you know in your ethnic part you've
got your hair yeah information lads I'll
leave a link and is blow we have a
meet-up date for the Dublin meetup
awesome 13 of November in the pod in
Dublin city centre it's kind of
obviously Center it's a suburb
I think it's Dublin - I'm not really
sure I leave link down below to the
event page on Facebook what what that's
just pointless you're right stop
Jonathan don't scrunch the mall chief oh
no just close them like this okay good
you're scrunching that's how it's just
like a little thing you're stretching
that giant person in your eyebrow now no
like 15 okay what does that guy see
anything no why you making me one wink
to me I'm not I'm trying to get into
their like little creases that you want
all right
it's hard methods Finch can I open it
who's it break house good now look up
look in your eye okay here's me if you
do this Jonathan okay okay okay just no
collar god I could see it I know look up
what makeup do you think oh no way see
they notice tonight oh really
oh I thought maybe they notice I'm I'm
gonna put it right in here okay you see
the water line just right here and won't
come you have to close your eye and I'm
gonna drag it across its stance or but
it's not no open your eyes open right
first okay I don't know open your eyes
good yeah is it heavy yeah
now do the same thing so open open it is
supposed to go in oh yeah they're stuck
together a little bit this is a song
about Captain Jack Sparrow
what do you guys think I have things I
haven't seen do you think Nakula you
like the dreads then yeah ago Rosa by
Danny things are actually the icing
looks pretty good actually
yeah kind of I figure I'll go to pirate
because I kind of like a pirate all the
time anyway you know so I was like why
not just like be a pirate I'm actually
going as Louie I still lose here
he doesn't mind we're off to see the
Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz are
you put a coat on I was late for this
little intro it you know your dark
evening so pretty
there's the biggest fan no there's a
question away which is ruining our
buzzer there we go
so pretty
I'm getting a couple of strange looks
just a pirate wandering the streets it's
not actually Halloween yet oh yeah oh
yeah capital okay we're gonna later for
a franchise yes you can just be there
too long it's um like home let's go fast
he was like hey
although he's better than you doing I
know I think he thinks although you know
it's funny the bigger the city is the
last people look at you like you'd be
able to walk down court everyone will
notice you but because we're here in the
middle of London and where we Leicester
Square something you walk around like
this and no one even notices Dorothy I
know my Toto as an animal issue thanks
gentlemen
right Walgreens alight to supervise
crack
what's that burn understand he's wearing
something wrong
I sprayed Francesca with hairspray it
backfired on everybody
I hope this is our guy let's find out
run away little bitty kids there's Big
Bend again did we ban on new in Big Bend
underwear
would you just shoot it up there no no I
got lucky I didn't that's a lot of jinx
it but anyway we made it we made it out
we are parents of the night there
nightingales kids are asleep didn't even
wake up overtime epic was really hard to
leave though I stayed on an island party
well it is like I want to talk their
self anyway what's okay 101 see you guys
tomorrow thanks so much for watching
today's video
always enjoyable do you think those
enjoyable lose it we have to catch a
flight tomorrow morning Ella hasn't even
packed my suitcase I don't even know
what to wear
I don't even know it's where anyone miss
you guys later roll the ends late Wow
dance dance wherever you may be for i am
the lord of the dance hall and that is
how i feel right now
i fell victim to a free bar last night I
felt like I didn't understand I didn't
know I didn't know how is I was in it I
was the innocent party oh hello there oh
oh thank you thank you oh thank you oh
thank you oh thank you oh oh as that you
and your free bars
I still have eyeliner on not sure how to
take it off but I like it
I do I didn't like somewhat obviously to
be the over-exaggerated part but the
eyeliner thing I'm like guys should wear
eyeliner it's cool it looks really cool
and make sure I usually what if that
ever becomes a thing I'm gonna jump on
board or maybe I can try and pop it on
and make it acceptable huh you guys well
thanks so much for oh my goodness how
many of you did you see the lights in
this video when I dragged the breast
milk
oh so funny I was like first I thought
like dancing a man who first thought
that it was broken or something and I
was like oh my goodness you guys are
Mentos and I see you guys tomorrow
bye
