good morning doggie friends
hello Nevada Oh Nona they're healthy
Albert come on we gotta go going on the
groom and go in on a grooming get a
groom in her Bianca's guard hi guys I
found another one these newbies newbies
are feeling great this morning
you wouldn't even know she's a little
funny but funny we're just gonna
get her to groom ray I was looking for
you is she that I don't know where he's
taking us is that Dharma okay there is
an Albert up there oh yeah get your
sniffs on just sniffy Sophie's back at
the bloomin farm fun movies individual a
little funny but she don't like funny
cuz your grooming bar shall have one
long-haired foot it'll look funny
the groomer forgot to book us in and she
didn't books more doggies in oh my
goodness the dogs are gonna be so
annoyed in me watching it for nothing
Anna's gonna be so annoyed when I go
home no this is not good we kind of
planned around the fact that they
wouldn't be at home today and now these
Amelia's Benson stuff
Oh Oh such a mess hi um she forgot about
the appointment oh yeah
and she'd booked other dogs in and all
and she said just as she saw me coming
up she remembered
I know they are very confused druggies
tonight what why are we back here what's
even happening is this for your life huh
inside inside once more support all
Amelia woke up with a cold this morning
she got the sniffles huh
what no sleep
whoa daddy fall over but you know what I
have noticed you mean you know how to
blow her nose yeah
did you use a tissue did you blow yeah
you're very good you dog you want my dad
mate oh yeah Oh carry on arrest mommy's
gonna make up thank you um what's going
on here they go to bed what does Amelia
do you mean you want to go to bed almost
live in the kid free life I live in a
kid free world except they have this
little monkey monkey munchkin hello
Monty munchkin
why gays warm roasting in there so cozy
boy time is this better we didn't fare
being a mom or dad all right where do
you want to go enjoy your life boots
that's that's as exciting as your life
is you are on myself for falling asleep
huh are you so he's coming here with
Amelia right huh Gerardo I used to come
in here with him
well no you know we go like cosmetic
stuff oh yeah ain't are no hair just
like whatever man whatever man
where's the toys where's the toys huh
let it that's it imagine how it worked
right with these things is that like if
you put it in you get the haircut as
well you know like oh I'd like to try
this hair you just add water to it put
it on your head have a Sheridan
afterwards you'd have like long curly
blonde hair I mentioned I was a thing
I'll be kind of cool I was like I want
to try out what I look like with this
haircut boom
add some water be done but this one here
a bride I'll be cool mmm look at this
look at his happy Club over for him and
her her we got matching hair dye not
cheating their couples who dry her hair
together stay together using Cairo you
know media so you see this yearning of
one pitmaster take my other car made a
small gt3 it's so cool again
Eduardo would appreciate that Eduardo
appreciates the finer news a bitter
there ah bill to the ground
it's a beautiful specimen it's my next
car guys okay day one rather child on we
found the mecca of all baking cups I'll
get their stuff poking carving kidding
collection here this is so cool isn't it
oh my goodness that's an immediate say
she's here I know ghost you I never knew
this chocolate here well I did know you
ever five minutes a nerdy kid
we still have one let's get here these
rummaging around hmm we do you think
Eduardo these are true though hit up the
club boys I caught some cupcakes I call
them buns bones Megadeth good so far you
never licked here what the queers do
later shopping shopping till we drop
yard or having the time but I was still
reveling off that gt3 open a stone isn't
it local Amelia drew Melia drew her hand
go ahead
no that's cool though like she to her
hand look at Mina's little hand in there
so cute you didn't draw your hand eg so
look at arrive tomorrow arts this
morning is supposed to call me ese but
we missed it this is a steriliser get
this bad boy electronic brush club we're
going to milk Anna we're just just for
backup just in case tomorrow night we're
going to a Halloween party tomorrow
night we just figured out why we're
there it's pretty better like Eduardo
may not even need this what we're like
you know what there's no harm buying one
filling up a couple of these stick me in
the fridge or whatever you do
to keep them safe and then maybe he'll
want some also and as things are getting
like tender and stuff so we need to
express them you know also first person
together can have it because I'm not
going to use this ten pan Bao shirt um
there's a cold probably somewhere there
it is there you go go for it do it make
it happen
offer code expires Amazon 18 they go
Charles
tortha whatever it is I came because I
bought it because the media broke my
keyboard so I had to buy a new keyboard
and it came to a 10-page oh sure
Minnie Minnie did you enjoy you have fun
did you draw your hand did draw a nice
page picture cure for everything that
ails dee look at the things matching you
had there for a second tough some
nappies into mommy okay Amelia it's fun
juice time go-go juice doc mcstuffins
over here
Philip Ichi Neely's see you're still a
dog what have you had a cat paw and it
turned into a cat paw when I peel it
very concerned trying to pull dinner
nails off in the process no no no okay
look at your dental floss because all
the hairs are squished in how is that
you okay hmm now you're just going to go
like a lunatic and lick that cuz I'll
put it back on and see and see how bad
is it
hmm yeah it looks fine look we got we
got Amelia some bat Burt's Bees tear
free
this bar I'm the duardo we're trying to
get a bowl back but immediat have
problems before I have like extreme
sensitive skin it's not even funny it's
not even a joke not even joking it's
actually quite annoying that everything
I try breaks me out of my skin anyway so
we got this one which looks pretty good
it's ninety eight point nine percent
natural what could possibly be in the 1%
that is not natural Burt's Bees smells
amazing though you should open it up
really okay oh it's nothing like really
intense honey isn't it mm-hmm
it almost tasting it looking for Senna
tonight let's don't look at this crazy
corn it's not it's not for eating why
isn't it so cool like I know oh you put
it into pumpkins oh oh inside the door
boys are you just gonna leave it here
I look kind of cool that's not getting
rid of it Jonathan I see what you're
doing what are you doing stop licking it
it's dead my breath that's not the part
that was on the boob anyway seriously
what have you done for flight it's right
there I just want to show evan is your
murder I was like can you get rid of
that dead fly piece trying to keep it
under the fridge like anyone for making
some pasta because everybody likes pasta
so it's like a no-brainer dinner in our
house pasta pasta
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
yeah oh hey that's a circus trick whoa
whoa and then that did it and then
detected that then guardo look at this
mess you made
oh my goodness oh my goodness
turn it up inside get some lumps your no
want some number mommy made pasta does
it media like pasta yeah what
immediately likes pasta or Jeeps
hey I'm milking we're milking my wife
hmm it's so slow though so you think
yeah it is well I don't know it's wait
faster than it was when we did the
manual thing look it's like she looks
Shh
that's not bad like what hey what about
you want some milk
mommy's got loads of it here for you my
taste of it funny hey do you want
mommy's milk yeah it is kind of weird
though it's a weird situation wonder if
he liked it though what was the same no
it's not Thor keeps asking me zits or
look sorry a big okay kids are all
asleep we have this situation going on
that's Ned wardo so I have now Anna
actually has manipulated this entire
situation she tried to convince me
Oh oh wait a second now you can do the
feedings look there's your best bunk you
have to get up for something no thank
you
was it smell like 50 heat it up with
some yeah no look it's gone sweet
oh no he's not I mean I'm gonna try and
feed my son I've never bought a better
baby he's not gonna take all this that's
a massive amount was it taste like yeah
but I don't like no is it lactose is you
know dairy yes sir is it no I can't I
can't do it I don't want it go for the
block
yeah that's scary is not from a cow
that's why you haven't if I do it
everyone has to like today's video I
think I have two kids lately
this is a little tiny but don't waste it
now
that's a
face are really it's like is it sweet
taste of it it tastes like Eduardo
how are those nails
what happened that Oh surprise surprise
it's surprise surprise my laptop is
falling like 50 million times - bought
it is so bad it's like always in the
disaster war zone
well it is it like them it's not an
aftertaste is it sweet
yes really stupid like a man no it's
clear like I'm not accepting it's like a
little kid was giving us a weird it
already smells opposed linguist eesh you
know the way you smell me you mean you
have one of those teens on the side of
your head yeah put it off
a white patch where there was no make oh
my god what's so funny alright come on
let's bring this upstairs and let's see
if it feeds him
thanks for watching today's episode of
us the cherry Tommy Sigmund in Chinese I
started with your name and I turned it
into teeny-weeny bikini it didn't work
out so well
Amelia house having alphabet cereal it's
amazing it's chocolate alphabet it's not
even chocolate cocoa natural high fiber
no sugar no fun but she's eating it so
let's not interrupt Eduardo is also
having some is it nice and lads he slept
the whole night away I'm Talia my bottle
rest did the job he's amazing come
believe a life unfortunately Amelia had
a few key issues last night to think she
was sick and she got upset and she slept
in our bed for a few hours kicked us
right side nursery rhymes till all hours
in the morning and put her pocket that
I've had already any sleep and I have to
go to crazy Halloween party tonight it's
gonna be amazing
oh hi guys thanks for watching this
episode that was a lot of the sentence
of my life see you guys morrow bye say
bye friends Hey
