somebody woke up with teeth this morning
Hootie somebody woke up with teeth this
morning gee I don't know if you guys can
see it yeah they're just cutting it's
just clearly raised you see the little
white woke up a teeth what do you do
with teeth this morning
can I see oh I don't know did you see oh
did you see it where those two you look
at wagon see that Oh Oh put your finger
in he actually you feel them yeah oh my
goodness cut each a Chinese you big boy
now got my riding boots on and I am
known that that haunted farm was as
muddy as it was I would have worn my
riding boots these boots maybe for
walking and that's just what I'll do
dude what's up walking over you
gonna and Sunday walkies with two
doggies look at the mud the muddy
situation Amelia has really done so we
just tried to walk the dogs at our usual
place and it was fall because it is a
Sunday try to go over there you go
that's what happens at like 10 o'clock
that's very great 12 on us ya Latif oh
good we're kind of trying to go well
it's over now but we were trying to go
during Eduardo's first enough time so
that he would not on me but his first
nap time is much earlier than 12 o'clock
this is like really hard to get like
everybody prepared and then you're at
the door like no little later we have
everybody everybody prepared not the
radio playing folks we're not listening
to dog at them the symphony officer okay
we got 700 million detours later or here
just not sure where here is so instead
of going into Box Hill we just parked
outside just head side which is like a
Smith and westerns pub might get some
munch over here he's no Eduardo he knows
do I know huh hello doggies hello what
are you doing
what did I keep doing we're just waiting
for mommy in the media okay we're gonna
go adventure in the forest after there's
no dude what if I was more chromatic
happy birthday to our doubt me listen
I've diverted everybody look what I got
huh we were sitting there waiting I was
like let's talk about or me huh
dad Patrol dad Patrol just it the tent a
Patrol
yeah yeah go for it I got a two dogs too
huh
I'm gonna go boys we're gonna climb
trees mom's gonna smash the window this
is cool do I did any stress the guys up
correctly kept cool you love socks
hi I'm modern dad yeah I'm glad we
bought brought that hat yeah I've got
the three big ones Jonathan's got the
two baby ones
Amelia's that I'll be helping Sheila
never meet her yeah and so far this is a
good wall it's a nice like foot line
kind of a one that's nice for them to
have something different and not just
getting to like this equal every time
whoa look at that view that's amazing
you guys even see that wait
oh it's a grazing area
you like walking Albie do you like
walking I'll be there these vertical
ascenders I bet Tina could probably go
all right she's going for it I wonder
what you are
mommy's gone a different way
mommy's an explorer Oh God
we lost mommy idea I don't know he will
see it's fine it's fine
okay that's just that's the 62j box you
think this cause you're wearing Hunter
boots doesn't mean you're a hunter come
on Angus you see that shade that that's
the Sun there's the Sun there's my son
huh
two suns so cool
can you see careful careful barbed wire
barbed wire Oh like my boyfriend's I'll
be there your doggy Sarah oh my goodness
is windy all right let's go
go team this is Amelia's walking
technique she has seen her who's really
fast and Albie he's getting dragged to
the Hunger good so I know she's like let
me off
I'm not supposed to gonna meet what this
little fella he's acting like he's drunk
or something just like hanging off me
hmm what's going on huh cool that is
cool looking a castle it's a tree
oh this is cool
we're just like lost in a fire somewhere
this is epic
no one look at these look at oh my
goodness I get a chance man but a
conquers decison him oh my god a spider
Oh a spider round on his hand
mm-hmm like feel the tree friends and
while I was trying to pull the treat and
I think mmm that fun so we just got home
and I think movies a few minutes ago I
think you might have jumped out at a car
or something and she smashed on her
nails she broke it off it was like
sniffing and licking her himself so
we're looking to the back without
telling that you wanted one Louise she's
the smallest a bunch because she was
fine in the walk and she wouldn't have
jumped out of the car if that was
hurting her if it just happened no no
all right quick update we've called that
it's going to call it's going to cost a
million pounds but we're willing willing
to do it for newbies so we're gonna head
out to the emergency with Amelia all
right what movie and then the guy said
well the girl I was talking to her which
said like just warning they're probably
gonna pull her nail off you know but I
was like I know I feel like hey get down
sit down sit down
I feel like that's what I was thinking
like that's what I should do but then I
don't know you can see a bone and blood
and stuff and she hasn't said a thing
movies it sounds nice but she's lookin
for a fight
yeah exactly
I have movies movies oh look she's
shivering because she didn't know movies
it's okay it's gonna be better
he's way down
if you lie down good girl good girl you
lie down there okay it'll be an easier
trip
we won't be long okay pull the nail off
she's not happier we're just gonna get
some stitches and stuff now
geez that's at the inside of the doggy's
man looks like you're very curious hallo
mmm you happier much happier um newbies
has her costume for Halloween
new visas going as a pirate or a wooden
leg movies here's a one elegant oh my
god you like seen in this life
look at this huh
army parties whereas she's much happier
though that she has a big thing on yeah
Tia's gonna pull that off everyone's
reaction theater talks gonna be like one
going on I know how was it it was fine
she pulled it off
she kind of screamed a bit and then we
give her antibiotics and some
painkillers and stuff but immediately
when when she pulled in an officer but
then she put her for then ah she's like
perfectly fine just her the front of
there's like it's almost like a follicle
at the top you know when they pulled out
his knife directioner looks like a bone
said it will grow back helo there did it
Shh what are you talking why don't--why
to have vegetables yeah this is it any
enough for that yeah nice nice
where is it I just put it in here ah
thanks guys I've come over here because
I feel like this is where we have most
of our serious chats and I lean against
them oh that's cool well I mean again
when I stand here took this is our
serious check please
yeah my serious chat place because I
seem like a million people asking about
the the meetup in Dublin um like so far
we haven't managed to confirm a play a
venue yet in Dublin like we've been
given like Lots like loads of engines of
have offered us and knowing some of them
have come within budget you know and and
that's that's that's the main sort of
that's what we're out with it right so
to me that there is definitely going to
be a meet-up in Dublin and we already
have a venue which the budget the
costing factor is pretty good it's in
central Dublin the only availability
they have for is sort of mid to late
November it's like pretty much mid to
late October right now the meat of his
own the one I wanted to have a 25th but
it's only like ten eight and I don't I
just don't see you know billion came
back if Katie came back like loads of
places have come back to us and it's
just like two hundred people one of the
people four hundred people and I'm just
like I don't I want we want something
that we can kind of get everybody in
same time it's got to be safe I want to
have security there to mind everybody to
be able to mind us you have the kids
happy give you guys just you know
there's a lot more involved in it you
know it gets got more complicated we
could so do and that's cool you know the
same time it's like you II it's
important to me and the same factor is
that there's a couple of venues that
were just really expensive and it takes
me why don't we could charge people and
I was like no i don't i do not want you
I don't want anyone have to pay to come
to this I want it to be a free event by
making a free event somebody has to pay
for which makes it a little bit more
complicated try and make sure that we
find a venue it around and bring me I
don't know Rosie um so if I was like a
super mean ger I would just like rent at
the o2 or what's a call now three four I
don't know the thing in Dublin and you
can charge everyone like twenty quid and
boom will pay for itself but that's not
what I want to do there is definitely
going to be made up in Dublin and I
think at this play at this that I know
I'm going to be in Dublin anyway in
November for a few projects so I'm going
to try and match it over those dates
really wanted to D and joining
it still might but I don't think so
we'll be having a meeting tomorrow that
it and hopefully we'll get some more
updates like with me we've tried
everything like councils and everything
like you try and make this work you know
like it's the same team that are doing
the a manifesting you know so they know
what they're doing you know like if it
was in the UK like we wanted to do an
art at first and dandy you can't install
in Wales and then eventually go over to
Europe and you know main line you're
doing kind of like that kind of self or
first things first
wardo are you wanting to sleep in oh no
this is gonna hurt you why does awake
waters eating a car
I mean II gave him a car why does awake
yeah Mario's growling huh it's right Oh
crane Oh like aged I don't
Gordo's like Amelia he's a one sucker
Amelia shadow box
daddy shadow around
Eduardo shadow I like your outfit it's
very pretty tonight
Eduardo is joining on some tasty fish
pie it's a fish pie leg off in Spanish
by oh I like that spot so much is it is
he is kind of bad we need this got fish
in a pan
yes can you see my video feed I have
need all teed in my mouth it helps me
eat at a fishy it's all own and we get
some attention oh this is just off give
it to me give it to me
this is a nice peach pie is it a nasty
pie ye-yes
what are you not to tell anyone okay you
don't tell Eduardo what was it what's
happening what's happening what's
immediate getting princess dinner a
secret princess special dinner hmm
special dinner we're trying to make it
exciting so she - Wow let's go oh prince
in a special dinner
don't tell Eduardo don't tell Edward oh
no nothing here nothing here sir yeah
it's only for Amelia
oh my goodness happy birthday for
pulling all at the stop you try might
traveler a shrimp on the barbie will do
get on the summer bag talk to Alf in the
peach pit oh no way
wasn't the peach bit none or to know
what today always the name of the place
in the home in a way where they went to
Ramsay Street not as neighbors I'm
getting all like confusions lyric I
don't know anyone around my age it was
always like there's a debate in school
did you watch home and away or neighbors
I felt like home oh it was like the cool
one but neighbours was the more like
sophisticated one you know this is back
when like Kylie Minogue and Jason
Donovan Ritter yeah that's how old I am
folks I'm an oldie an old-timer haha
anyway thanks so much watching today's
episode and thanks for Talia decision
for making this goodbye from pert
prosecutors power Aaron wrote so much
for a little rupture people from Western
Australia cool thanks good while today's
episode and thanks for hitting up the
like button and leave nice comments for
poor little newbies oh then what
happened to her she's like the smallest
one and all but she didn't complain
she's a trouper a super trouper
see you guys morrow but
