two four six eight who do we appreciate
Amelia Amelia two four six appreciated
wardo
and Eduardo in order to stay here for
food we're trained we were trying to see
it worked out but uh didn't sell this
house we meet are going look we have our
water bottle cute is that we're gonna go
pay football what am I gonna put enough
sideline parents come on huh I might as
a football I mean soccer soccer football
not like be married in football I'm kind
of hula - kickstand right be football
what do you do in there come on kick a
ball
hence just run around in circles rather
actually running after go mental this is
going footed up isn't it you gonna hit
the ball you gotta kick the ball no no
no I came Erica Mena wants my American
football hey no no no redline yeah
did you like that
did you like before daddy did you huh oh
my goodness so it's her first day I
should really understand a lot of stuff
what to do it all for them I think it
was pretty good I think it was a pretty
good reaction to running after most of
times just wanted to pick up the ball
and go mental enough but it was a pretty
good age group you know because there
were some kids there who like one and a
half and then there's some kids who are
about a media's age and a little bit
older not too much older so it was a
good mix of their a good age group mix
where are you going
you know sometimes that happens in a lot
of these activities that you might have
a kid he's like the youngest in the
class and everybody else is so much more
advanced even though it's the same age
group are you driving us home
well that's it in the back when I sit in
the back are you a monkey come on we got
to go home we got dancing later my doggy
friends yeah oh look our Halloween
costumes right that's gonna be fun
okay everyone in what's wrong my hair
somewhere yeah I got it I decided to try
something different my hair I got a
haircut I decided to get a fringe what's
up with that
what but oh I gotta wait for a part of
my costume thing I'm not going to show
you the ranks yet I said infinity
patches because I was torn between both
oh man I got this cool sit turn it like
a cure wait but I was like oh my god
it's so much fun Mike should I had hair
like this would it suit me
you actually grow out my hair like this
I don't even know about quick grab my
hair is she high why we put it on a
media going to put it on what so Anna's
wearing her what which is so cute but no
shows this is not the what I'm wearing
to the party this is just a second one I
bought for the lawls I thought let's get
it funny Carrie
mommy's isn't scary moms is cute huh
your mommy pretty Valley River pumps
robotic stuff rushing running the garden
is running the ballet class yeah
we haven't fine we got ribbons and
shakers this is the medius ball from
today be professional footballer like
that Orman's and children where geez
then you put the kit
Amelia got our kit but it came too late
we'd already gone to class but this is
so cute
becomes a left this is her little little
pants teacher pays for Liverpool that's
what it looks like in like a little top
oh yeah and your socks does it say KFC
huh his socks yeah
how much fun is that and she got a
football too
so next week although next we're going
to be as a country so I miss and dance
and football do we got off there she'll
be there in uniform rollin rollin with
Paul yeah we got this midterm two weeks
away
if you tell the story is the whole way I
had terrifying this is when totally farm
you guys been to telling farm Mike I
said it's scary its dude okay I know
it's the anticipation that's built up
now
yeah it's gonna be like yeah you've
given us too much I'm glad your biscuits
have you hyper or not you know sorry
the girls have arrived and I don't know
it's it's not an expression game is for
sushi no I meant how each other yeah
you're bringing one along little battery
backing off are you scared dude you were
talking in the car door like building it
up and terrifying every kind of little
bit like I don't know what to expect out
well the end of the best I thought it
was like higher she's like I don't call
me scared it's the unknown yeah you did
it before Dan it was terrifying
oh man is here we go so we're going to
say Mass that's cool them so we're going
to some part of a ripe
attractor to a forest Aang it's gonna be
mega an interesting you afraid I I think
I want to be terrified
yeah yeah it's pretty muddy so there's a
tractor hair just way up to our track
down and if you said it's always one
scary outfit keeps my image yeah okay
you guys are going to say like you guys
might go for it go for him good license
okay
hello there like how's it going boss
what's the carry on going on like Derek
Carr okay
first the character carry on a car going
it's a Greg I don't know it's are they
going to jump here just using safety
close to your right side - stupid
excited terrifying wouldn't compose hey
Scott you know I don't know what to take
away your HD cameras one some keep
saying that whose flash photography
yep the line
oh no not a child's playground oh it's
coming over here he's coming over here
what's it what's it oh yeah well there's
wide everything this little bit
oh my god there's a guy with a chainsaw
awesome
oh my god a fake my children not
children please I am going first in the
class I'm in here it's amazing all right
here we go
so weird
oh my god that we've worked up an
appetite look at nice why just a tea oh
yeah no we're talking about it is beast
it looks very good like it looks really
good like like craft with us Hey
finding a idds at African accent oh I
can't even believe I can't do accents
yeah I can't even do an English accent
I've been here that's what does a good
set African a cool so everybody else got
a glowstick I broke mine hey mine's blue
on camera oh yeah what color is it
sorry okay so how do I avoid breaking it
hard that paint going like no don't
don't be a stronger Jonathan because I
pull this up
yeah just snap it how many times is that
good hey you're having yours is blue cuz
I asked for
okay witness ins I want to play with
that right no just once and then is it
good this part gonna stop just get it
low shake shake the root oh he's got it
okay all right we are going with the
water no Jonathan is not going on that
later oh my god golden chest oh my god
this is insane this is my
so wrap this one now where we have to
wear like a bag over our head like this
everyone too
yes me Martin bland there was a guy who
chainsaw chasing us and we like ride
like he didn't go away he's terrified so
we're right the back now he's I keep
showing us how
so we're looking at a group people are
going to watch you here
have you had a good time tonight yes sir
we've had a favorite mais yeah which one
was it work with me so there's a very
long conversation I love them all up yes
all of them was your favorite bass that
is what we like to hear what about you
sir you have a face I know tunnel fan
I've got passageways again this guy's
look we just tree em OH
where's Nelson I thought Emil in edoardo
decided to wake us up at seven o'clock
this morning oh my goodness thank you so
much it's hard oh thank you so much but
I only came home thank you so much ah
tiredness I tiredness isn't even a thing
now he's got about four hours sleep
it was amazing though whose amazing
experience is so much fun it was so
terrifying I understand that half that
video is just darkness and just me
screaming like a baby if you want to
actually see how much of a baby you are
feeling yourself in a haunted farm hit
so much fun it was so much fun though
huh hope you guys enjoyed the foot Irish
and as you see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to give it know like give it know
like and if you're new here why don't
you just subscribe seriously go ahead
and subscribe and deep a nice comment
leave Eduardo a nice comment see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching bye
