just give him some shoes as well
there we go this is my drawings good
morning your magnet in today's video
presentation hello my shoes okay let me
get decided to wait go 5 7 a.m. on a
Sunday yay yay do your shoes these are
mommy shoes TV okay give mommy big feet
oh my goodness that laura has started
rocking hey hey hey let's go he's got a
rocker in them hey guys here and get
them well garlic look where's the
bracelet I'm good now Oh
that hands back in the bad folks look
what Jonathan did I I am there is no
this morning okay I get dressed before
you every morning Jonathan just FYI
you know you don't anyway look at my
outfit okay light gray top dark gray
what was that and look what Jonathan's
wearing he just copied me what I do at
school okay now remember okay I know
what you need to be surprised all right
daddy had to win a fight daddy needed to
use you as a friend we're all better now
don't we have a little car hmm he loves
cars this is great he does love cars
anything with wheels this is a this is a
v8 see it's an all four wheel drive
that's an old scooter bring him in all
right time for a nap night in media mad
you mean instill a tune up today that
would be glorious that every one child's
burning up you gonna dress him first
I always do you tell me the first knot
she's like like your tie-dyed huh hey yo
see her no but he's got purple all over
it
oh he's a good knife Rideau these the
Napster oh how did you put the bear in
bed
ah that was cute
hey night couch sleep tight I mean yeah
did you wear that daddy's flying
Jonathan hello there this morning we had
a disagreement
and then it was like I can't believe you
wrote it my darling
wait what you would think that I did
that what I didn't on you guys it's all
I swear tonight you know just envious it
was it was overshadow I thought it was
really cute but I didn't move it out
Amelia I mean I did you robot Debbie's
drawings you know my daddy's drawing
it's gonna grater
so why don't went down for his not an
hour later than he should have because
it's funny day and things were just late
and then a week you know
I could just let me sleep but then he
wouldn't go to him later this room I
know I'm sorry
I hate waiting baby so mean like usually
when he wakes up on his own he's happy
it's because we woke him that's why no
let's take him out okay no that's it why
rose bed right where's the media space
bring big burp where's the media's room
show me I mean yes room oh my god have a
towel
so this sometimes happens in our
household when you have six dogs it's
really not very pleasant but sometimes
this
oh hi Sina you want to talk about yeah
look that's going on you
Cena has paired herself with some ma'am
oh my god it's autumn winter look yeah
it's always FINA oh all right we doesn't
work
Lisa's gonna walk by Hardy cheap and he
wants it just to find dead rats and
rolling them Jim nicknamed rolling right
Susie she's right so what they do this
thing we're like they get down into it
make sure it's warm water now washer use
the stuff that we got from the Sorrento
Hotel we do okay I had put Austin this
is our watch mom just got away from
whatever she has on her oh yeah this is
our watching you guys are wondering is
this drying oh my god I think it is yeah
we finally got a drying rack because our
dryer is like so slow like it's you know
any County putting that side is weaker
has come to England oh boy on the train
by the way a tree fell in your front
garden during our luck when disturb you
today
a branch building it was a giant French
beautiful oh my goodness it's not
beautiful at all that's right I give up
oh and you guys speak German I'm trying
to fill in this right this is my
certificate of Conformity for the motor
vehicle right what what what is this
information what does it even mean
ch2 - and you can understand what this
even means and then I have to fill out
this so I got the first part done which
is took me ages which is like great I
got the customs declaration the car is
officially accepted and do not know
start by the misty days well I know I
just it's this whole thing here this
this bottom section I just do not
understand any of this information I did
not understand any of this information
if then you guys have filled in a v55
five or you're in that business and
you'd like to do this for me thanks
seriously it's so complicated in there
like oh well if anything is incomplete
or something like that like we'll have
to start all over again after I sent it
to them and I looked online see if
there's like a service that this is for
you and it's I found one but I don't see
me playing ball - well okay I was just
reading the comments there about when I
joked about the skander profiling thing
right
he's actually not our boy oh it's
society's fault
look it is right Eduardo's Mac Amelia's
mad that that didn't happen because we
made that happen
Oh Amelia's kitchen immediately as dolls
s everything will boys have a Peppa Pig
everything George and Daddy three-player
is green and blue if you look at
anything
where's the where's the or IP Riley
that's what it's gone now pink blue blue
blue blue blue red blue blue pink okay
it's like everything is just business
that's why a media thinks everything is
like that I don't see a problem myself
personally no but if she likes I don't
think it's a form of like global
indoctrination she color symbols and
creating different patterns I don't see
a problem in it like you know
No hey give me Nia like you know she's
okay she's doing dancing stuff now but
eventually I want to put her into like
football and gymnastics you know they
were playing like all the things as long
as she does a sport and a musical
instrument I will kind of push that on
her until she's got an edge which you
can quit you doing them exactly he's
mine in the cars I didn't push the
random at all I invited the cars I don't
know why but I love to smell a petrol it
excites me do you like the smell of nail
varnish hi haters well you know when you
go into like one of those and makeup
cameras which you walk into it it's just
red my makeup everything happy it smells
horrible
exactly you can be whatever you want to
be mr. mustache do you want a green
mustache a tall green mustache man he's
trying to follow me oh my goodness yeah
he looks like some French oh look like
right now you need a guy what I think
it's then mitt is that working up an
appetite here making some ass that's
down for play what are you opening it
I saw something we're good right okay
fades hey so it could be that okey-dokey
yeah if Amelia just walked onto the
stage and just sing the science sing and
hanging she's probably win because the
crowd will get behind you what song
would you sing another add is that what
you'd say is that what you say and I
vote I vote for Amelia Amelia
would you we give you a backing Lancer
you could be it back to your hand saying
no got someone left a comment yes
they're right Eduardo wants a motorbike
yeah you're a motorbike yeah yeah oh Sid
levy I know she's a tap dancer a ballet
tap dancer huh we can combine the both
of them together and not another I'd
seriously feeling guilty about rubbing
my nads oh it's cool though every should
change it each season there's something
it's kind of fun yeah well once we tell
them about theatre baby you know it's
just the tio tio be effective he
beauties and other treats another chance
there's better chance under here you
need to go to bed early tonight because
it's love
nine months oh yeah now I know the
magical secret magical way Bram
you can watch the love/hate from outside
Gardens so many people tweeted me and
what's the Irish guy Niall Horan a song
from one direction but we think he said
it he was like how do you watch the love
pain I don't know where he is outside
Ireland and I was like you should surely
it was like hell there hilarity hope if
you do there's my sires people need our
love hey Dix Nature's Way of niche
it is like the most tense show in the
world it is is is the entire opposite to
Disick owning Cody entirely hmm sure of
okay my bad okay into the back let's go
but time in the city
look at you go oh you drink some milk
did you drink milk yeah do you want more
milk okay come on go get more milk then
come on come on put your weird little
things it's like we're winding this
video come on let's go get some milk
please go my milk before bed okay you
guys drink your milk before bed see you
guys tomorrow
say bye friends finish up your nose in
your eyes what yeah look we watching
cartoons it's the morning cartoon right
yeah no it's not Oh mommy's calling you
seriously that dvla thing oh my god v
555 thing I just doesn't make any sense
to me three five five my fire
oh man how many how am i expected
without being a professional motor man I
am a bit of a professional motor bad but
seriously I cannot understand it I'm
looking I'm gonna see if I can find some
line but it seriousiy on a serious note
many you guys know anything about that
kind of stuff
hit me up please cuz I have no idea what
I'm doing
thanks then I have to go get an MOT
thing which M that doesn't seem you
because that's like an NCT in Ireland so
I know how to use them but oh my
goodness and then when I get that done
guess why I got you all over again with
the inner car fabulous thank you our
today's video presentation I already
repeated myself I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Thanksgiving comments and hit the like
button and just being a general good
friend tada
