hold on ruining word Oh keep warning it
right oh look at you big boy big boy you
want to get in Vic achieve uh-huh
good might have slept a whole night in
his big bed huh
you know II do I do
good good like a halo why does owl yeah
is it your big boy why are you driving
boy Eduardo I see job brother that got
another hey got Eduardo like that ah Wow
wider like that
Oh such a big boy Eduardo
congratulations on your first night your
own room in your own bed huh at six
months your sister didn't do that that
she was like eight months or something
so you're already you already won you've
heard it when the first good night this
your favorites uh yeah
hey writer likes this
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh oh I know you'd
rather fall in line yeah are you gonna
sing the chorus part
so I said on Twitter I was like what
makes you like why you love watching
ciccone Jones and I was interesting look
and so many people
um use the word it makes me happy you
know and I was like oh my god it's so
funny like that actually so me who just
use the words like you know it's a door
made me happy or just put me to get new
door it makes me um inspire or it's
awake individual because you're funny
can sleep it's make me smile and you
laugh I think it's really cool to know
that we make so many people happy every
day for just making videos our family
like they're not special you know
they're just a big vlog of our life and
stuff and it's so cool to know that
we're making so many people happy and
while that's raised that look I love
watching school girls because you know
and it's just I just I don't know I
think it's really cool no I don't know I
invented to uninvent for like hey I kind
of did I suppose you know invented dis
Akoni Jolie's and it makes so many
people around the world happy every
single day I think that's really cool
you know like this goes on forever
seriously I'm sorry if I missed your
head but it's just it's kind of going
forever it's cool oh and there's the
other side to am I don't know I've been
on YouTube for like four years
making videos myself right Anna Nana's
about a year or two before that animals
are on YouTube so I've been like on
YouTube for over five years
imagine you you found a piece of food
right let's say a sprout and you didn't
like that sprout
why would you eat that spread I wanted
to complain that you don't like that
spread and then tomorrow you eat that
sprout again going for way you don't
like it but then you go and eat it
are you complaining about the fact that
you don't like it and then the next day
you eat it again that's why that's
confusing part for me it's like people
that come every day to tell me that they
don't like me it's like you should you
shouldn't subject yourself the things
you don't like you shouldn't like you
know like sprouts don't eat them eat
something chocolate is way better I'm
much happier even chocolate that I'm
eating spreads because chocolate makes
me happy right not so much if the
Saucony Jolie's are the sprout in your
life don't eat it
find something else to eat and it'll
make you feel better you know yeah I'm
just it's so cool that I am the
chocolate in some people's lives
I am the flavor of chocolate it puts a
smile on your face and that is pretty
darn cool we're all up in a media room
getting dressed here's the guardo here's
the Gordon office Eduardo's outfit
Amelia's outfit and a media is wearing a
pumpkin on her head you've got a pumpkin
beau hey hey oh did you find that car
what's that from Oh
faggot oh bomb good wardo do that you
look so nice sure your outfit what are
you wearing
you are wearing a stripy top with the
Stars - it's here we're gonna put it on
you oh sorry
this is tambourine and this maracas
Muraki are you going to make a mess you
can play with it you can play is that
the baby yeah Eduardo lights that you
want to give it to him give it water the
baby elephant okay we have a situation
folks all right let me just talk to the
Irish people there for a second wanted
to talk to you for the over door
Hashanah Evian I'm just haunting me
Sakuni Jolie middle thank you fuck maybe
what do you saying you don't daddy or no
needle update yeah the event scheme that
we have here in the united kingdom my
people are trying to hook this up now i
really really really really really
really want to have this journey midterm
of october and on the saturday of the
midterm
yeah i'm like the 25th in dublin is my
date we've got a couple of venue options
they cost a billion euros because
literally there are so many people
wanting to come to this meet up which is
awesome and I want to meet as many
people as possible so we need to make
sure that this is a secure environment
in order to do that things that be done
properly and the event crew are based in
UK and are finding it difficult to find
a venue for that time that fits within
our budget so they came back to me on a
date of in November towards the end of
November and I was like no I want to do
this in October say say look they're
working to try and find them a venue but
this is the thing I was like let me talk
let me talk to my people
Ireland and you guys know somebody or
know a lot that has a conference center
or a hotel or something that could
facilitate maybe 2,000 people which is
an intimate um to do this meetup that's
in Dublin that would be available for us
to rent on rent 25th you know there is
budget for this you know this isn't a
free hair
we accept freebies
putting it out there we accept freebies
okay but yeah if you know someone or you
know cuz I know a lot of people watch
the show that you know might have
businesses or conferencing do you have a
conference center in your back pocket
yeah okay we're going we're going that's
and that's the end of today's meeting so
yeah there's a situation hopefully
between me people and our and our events
team here in the United Kingdom we will
be able to hug something like this just
in case if you know one draw me a mouse
contact me hit me up on Twitter or
wha-at Twitter or something like that
I'm what are you saying
and hopefully we'll be able to enrich
for twenty days it's like that's my
dream date my dream date for their here
okay we're calling we're coming we're go
cans and flowers that is almost pumpkin
time okay anyone go to carving pumpkins
every time every time I want that in my
house look at me Leah's all halloweenie
acquaintances pumpkins it's a pumpkin
ditch the pumpkin team
do you say we have to get snacks for
guardo sorry about that age now two
murders for Amelia she cries remember
this is to give Amelia these things she
loves them well he's for like seven
months but right at six months out and
he's a hungry hippo so let's try some of
this stuff out sometimes he wants like
real nice Oh we'll try some stuff out
friend see which one's right this one
did you like
did you like these man's eye level are
they hmm
what was your favorite what do we pick
pick Eduardo two bits like we got some
bad boys for tonight because sometimes
about it's a little bit uninteresting
what are these ones look at these ones
finger food banana rice cakes that
sounds good yeah they are pretty good
aren't stressing these and leave that
one can you eat viga for is liga a
little holiday
mmm still good any age there is that
rusks don't you know for months man okay
let's try these too
hello girls we go
she dispenses also looking at the see
tweets for owner master frog all right
Brian's find some soup friend who's on
an for CP I don't think in a long time
dislike apparently a summer food is more
of a winter food we choice cook some
soup and some toothpaste for Mom what
call is the froggy going there um tree
this is the one penny to buy to because
anna keeps stealing wine she's a
toothpaste dealer did you have fun with
Daddy yeah you did
did you miss me did you get all the
right stuff did you chat let's put on
your slippers okay so we don't slip
again all right Porter yeah you don't
slip again I like how you're cooking all
of your bath toys they look good in
white oh do you think he likes that Rusk
whoever shoes that match
yeah of the puppet right oh got a oh she
gave it why to the blue one Rhino got a
rough skin he's very different ones that
I know that the adaptation was very
popular for us I'd rather try you might
have a difference
yes but the hurt you know Carrie do you
want one of me here do you want one oh
that was nice do you want one her Rusk
do you remember those you had that when
you were a baby
say Joe fees toasty Oh Joe fee toasty Oh
Joe fees toasties mmm-hmm you'll be
working in Joe fees toasty for your
pocket money soon
I got you dork what are you trying to
feel Java so C's is doing soup today so
it's a mascarpone and tomato basil and
other things that are delightfully nice
okay
let's cook this up just cook it up on a
nice cookie heat that's not the right
one
well it would help I didn't turn the
oven on
let's try them again right okay
don't go to Anna's toasties with a video
they microwave every okay this is the
closed system we got this one is for the
front over our gate thing you know when
you put in oh and these ones are for ran
a house right go check the check this
cool thing about it so when the buzzer
goes off you can obviously see um what's
going on outside but that's great for
when like the buzzer goes off knees
because they gate so far away so you can
see but the other thing is that we're
away right or sometimes you might be
gone for like four or five hours we
wonder with the dogs notes it see this
you can dial into them with your phone
how cool is that
so you can see what's actually going on
when we're not here with the old doggie
friends I think that is really cool
looks really cool O's I can't figure out
how to get this team oh it's a double
top third thing I'm trying to do is this
the dv8 I am front of register the cars
way in the UK from stopping an Irish car
but it's awfully complicated that's
softly complicated complicated situation
look it's like this started a video all
over again
good morning again my little friendly
friend friendliest friends there's two
of you now you no longer friendly as
friend there's two of you I was were no
crying why why was he crying like a
mountain is he hungry going on a
midnight Avenger we're going on a
midnight earth in chair do you want to
go on and midnight adventure do you want
to thank you
it's going to midnight adventure folks
I'm not far
Oh
CIE I Oh Witter
boy do you saying are you singing songs
of sixpence she's singing Old MacDonald
Oh Mac dog why are you singing all my
family you'll never guess why the old
McDonald I'd dig the D diet if the Oh
lovey diet where are we going we had a
toy Amedeo has a toy that's why she's
coming are we getting a toy right can I
dive in the booking can you just hold
them food hold the cheeseburger okay
are we gonna have to get to happy news
Eduardo wants a toy huh all right don't
get the toy - does he okay leave your
comments and sit down below or what
you'd like and Amelia she'll drop it
over to you and enjoy the rest of your
fabulous day because by the way you're
looking fabulous today I was thinking
you're looking very dark am I talking
direct let me just get to mr. Newman
everyone will look at hi everyone hi
everyone of embarrassing
oh my goodness good like alright see you
guys tomorrow say bye Amelia say bye
friends say boyfriends - see ya fixated
on the toy yeah you gonna say boyfriends
you guys save both your friends tomorrow
and then we all fell asleep fast asleep
into a magical mystical world
Eduardo hello Eduardo
hello are you going to don't steal the
camera did you get a toy in media last
night he got all the toys she's stealing
toys are you stealing toys sorry she's
too busy thanks for watching since
episode see Thank You Eduardo oh no oh
my goodness
Eduardo slept the whole night last night
you're some sort of a robot baby or
something desi and he's already sleeping
the night away sleeping tonight
right away for that time a couple go
through a girl row I got a song mommy up
the good times got some on me off the
bad times mm-hmm anyway as you guys mark
oh oh they're wide see you tomorrow
thanks for watching thanks for liking
the video leave in comments and just
generally being a good person oh my
goodness
bye
