say good morning good morning I mean
yeah show everybody what you did in the
dishwasher and he thought he was gonna
be picked up that's what's the problem
here check out one of me I did
carrollton cutlery huh
she stood them all up around the rim of
the cutlery holder basket whenever
that's called it was so cute hey no no
look at you have become wearing his warm
PJ's because it is freezing and it's so
dark
look at this all the lights are on
Jonathan's pondering
you guys think the wire has enough toys
you bringing all the toilets where
duardo
know the toys you got huh
this is gonna be your room little man
that's your bad witch I think she's
ready because most likes me come
upstairs and had to go to bed we're
actually almost have to wake Eduardo up
because it's like sprawl out like a lazy
lump yeah right so I think you're ready
Oh what I think he's ready for bed so
Amelia got a very serious injury this
morning on her dolls house and we had to
apply a plaster to her wound show me
show me your posture oh pretty girl Oh
better did you show it worried oh oh I
wish I had a posture - she found it on
the right here you have to be careful
it's been more careful I'll be afraid of
the Hoover and I just want to say well
better yeah Oh better this coffee is
amazing the viva la lune goes we didn't
have them for ages or no is it 14-0 ha
ha ha forty Co lingo that Jonathan got
from Nespresso the green ones what
you want to play mommy can't play right
now because mommy's busy but look I'll
give you this okay you can have this
extra bed and you can have Grandma okay
don't need grandma mm-hmm or you want to
get down now
oh my goodness I'm babysitting like two
children and six dogs it's not like you
just have six dogs or a dog like a
normal person
don't put her in the bin that's yucky
it's yucky close it close it good girl
an appropriate song get some bacon some
to go here folks
an espresso real came this morning check
this out i ordered this i saw this
winner on our website look a brand new
one
a brand new one i love endures a new
coffee it's a limited edition but Cubana
what level is it you want to tell what
anything's it's a new one okay sea level
13 level 13 is pretty major others be
honest we never ever undergone we're
never ever drinking these and level and
Elevens I think and we started drinking
them now let's try and say wait these
were the big ones that up with 10 but um
let's get these ego see if they're like
we have some bad news Eduardo but I'll
tell you it later I'll let you enjoy
your snooze it is lashing rain well I
need to get the car seat because I think
it'd be crayons then we'll be worse you
ready
check that out for a transfer
huh didn't even wake up alright lads
this part might make you way up though
here's that nice it's not a nice
situation
oh let's go I got drenched so on my hair
I can probably do it from here
just asked me to think and then go go go
go close the road behind you run run run
oh my goodness it's so rainy winner we
all just thought so like my hair is
actually like wet I'm English you told
me that was really sunny here all the
time
what's the story it was a nice
introduction out with the stream crazy
months of beautiful sunshine right now
well I don't think I've been like this
all otherwise I got mannered I said I
bought all the Irish and services on
Twitter and they're all like storm
warnings floodings
yeah my mom said they had a thunderstorm
last night bus mariners going for his
heart was going for his shots today his
I think these are the last ones until
he's like the year old I think so
morning today right so spread out over
the first year
so they should be fun hopefully what's
up what's up huh so Gloria headshots
solved on Anna's inside and getting some
lunch I wasn't one thing right in the
United Kingdom the kingdom that is
united children's quite a lot more
that's is it we weren't in and out of
that place like Peter Pan frightened
Hook
you know seriously she's right right I'm
so fast right you go in and that's like
you don't even have to cue up you walk
over to like a kiosk and it's like you
know like an airplane now to get your
nobody can like check in nowadays it's
like that you walk in and I'm putting
your numbers and stuff NHS stuff boom
you know like and then like the
checkerboard called your name you're
inside there's like there's no
conversations you want the needle turn
it over out back in the car like eight
or nine minutes from pulling up there to
back in the car eight or nine minutes
boom that is pretty quick and the next
appointment dryer eyes is like a
year-and-a-half way you guys are pretty
efficient here in the Queen's country
unless done let's tell you guys that
you're pretty efficient cuz normally
it's like a day trip to get his shot
stuff which I get it like at the same
time sometimes you miss that like the
conversation the familiarity there how's
it going there's no like how's it going
it's just sit down done like whoa that
was quick you know well I don't know I
like the efficiency especially to kids
I'll take efficiency over to how's it
going
might be a feat mm-hmm look at this Sun
the Sun is that again
yay the Sun has returned you mean I got
a card Oh
you know Mina new card I'm just gonna
wake me up if you love almost heart ah
that's nice
a foxy yeah that's good an stairs okay
you stink just like toy yeah you're
gonna read the card there you go there
you go Alvie the little cutie a little
cutie cutie pie
boy who's your best boy it was the best
boy why to fall down why don't fall down
what do you do to get out of town what
again right away if you got a collection
of nail varnish what Hoopa donating a
furnished there huh easy to put
alternative art instead listen to me now
listen to me now
Vanka Navy you know do I know
hello wah wah wah wah whoa mighty spoken
on UW's well well Eduardo Wow jeez lucky
friend swap it
wobba Draghi friends why witness why
wouldn't it work it was you said yo fee
oh sure he's a DOP jokes can you say
dopey jokes
who's Sophie Sophie jokes come here to
me anyway let the ragamuffin you're a
ragamuffin a muffin full of rides a
random openness Oh get off me get off me
get up get him get him get him
Oh a splendid little dog Amelia they
don't go to media bogies Oh someone's
sodium
what
don't eat that out me feeble but never
being a Navy they really do have a thing
that each other oh geez
where's your coffee at the hotel
Julie collects a color of flowers and a
drink refreshing a refreshing drink
Louie heats up again with a cup of hot
chocolate he adores the closest French
and the flowers look what are you really
weird
oh it's a franchise the Queen modes and
the flattened okay you have to read it
in French the rooms of hotel
you get no that's hey hey so this is his
room a telephone a telephone is there
any croissants the hotel room Julie
checks into the hotel she has a very
pretty room with a balcony Wow and a
nice view of the sea Louie Mina has a
comfortable shell my friends thanks for
watching hope you had a good time hope
you did hope you did we read stories all
night long that's not anything I will
try and read the story first when it
lands heads together because they're
lifting things together then we bade
them together cuz they looked in things
together and then we separate them but
tonight tonight's the night lads Eduardo
is going
his own bed excited I'm excited I'm
excited to have a grown-up bed it's a
little child in the middle of the night
although I saw mr. little bugger but
this is it like if it Juarez is actually
works and Eduardo actually leaves bed
babies in the bed cool make another one
huh
