we run this morning with these crowd huh
they're begging me to punish I was like
find one job she lost her job
good morning friends and we're back in
the bus but we're not going on tour
today but we are bringing the doggies in
with us today
so less kids more dogs hi guys
they get an amount mobile does get to go
now
you can't see it here idea so this
morning we are on this morning this
morning and we are bringing the dogs
with us is gonna be mental at live
television with the dogs and babies kids
can't go cuz they gotta go to school but
I don't have to get a skill many kids in
the front she's like where are we off to
today what country are we going to the
neverending book tour we made it and
though guys
no no we're just parked up here
look at us we're at ITV Studios what are
you guys doing here you guys doing here
I've never worked with babies and dogs
look at this cool wall we should get a
wall like that guys this morning looks
like in the morning this morning Jessica
can feel Alessi growing there's a baby
going inside you I getting my makeup
done by the best makeup artist bring him
in I thought it space move in there that
was out I'm fine
okay great 4:03
now guys kinda KK yeah John Cena is
she's been in haramain yeah she's gonna
do the interview oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
what we're gonna make great light
television we're gonna make great
television oh I am I making this John J
makeup the tls yeah okay this I look so
like awake I said it did you make up art
is like just make me look less tired
look at that no dark circles under my
eyes it's amazing
can you do that for me every morning me
yeah I'd love to look like this every
day
hi hi hi you look like Alessia do i hey
makeups amazing I shouldn't wear makeup
I look amazing makeup okay you don't
know
you makes it you need we did and so at
what point did you I mean it obviously
you don't go straight into sharing
everything but make friends around a
first
hello dogs oh my goodness so how old is
she is almost 8 1
but you can watch us at 6 o'clock we run
this morning with these crowd huh
they've begging me to banish I was like
find one job
she lost a dog if you've seen it they
made us they were very good you want to
show you so the dogs jumped off and ran
away know where we go now we go to
Chester Scotland Belfast
what did Lauren do you do that what it
is she knows the end is coming we've
we've said goodbye to Matt many times
and he just oh my makeup is still here I
like makeup guys I mean I'm getting into
makeup you're gonna wear it now I'm
gonna start wearing it out you know I
should bring on my own makeup line to
send you a lady makeup yeah send me man
makeup
what's my nigga
really you don't get like special man
makeup I reckon you've got Foundation
and a little bit concealer this is like
just a little bit of diesel in it or
something
steak flavor is a combination hi you
might recognise me as such things as
ITV's this morning this morning but now
I'll add I've had me had me taste a
celebrity life and I must go back to
real life and had to collect the kids
from school well-connected media fans
girl let's go see my children did you
have fun in school today
mm-hmm excited that daddy came to
collect you again I can't carry you
oh no Amelia has a temperature of 38 and
she thinks she has conjunctivitis
so does Alessia you all have it now it's
the porti time in the air huh so Amelia
has gone to bed a while ago because
Amina is poorly and why did you know oh
I am holding you I'm holding you and
Alessi has conjunctivitis Amelia has
conjunctivitis and probably some sort of
a temperature so an infection or
something I'm Eduardo is the only one
who's not porty did you know what I'm
mr. smg's quite cute
are you 42 yeah oh boy so maybe nobody's
going to school tomorrow guys Oh doo-wop
monkey we must not forget into monkey
did you watch daddy on TV today why do
did you know did mommy not show you it
yeah yeah why they want to see
okay so when we were in Scotland we were
talking about vegetarian food now I'm
not a vegetarian but and I'm not telling
what a vegetarian I've been eating these
vegetarian sausages and Linda McCartney
vegetarian sausages and they're really
good and I haven't actually had normal
sausages and ages
I had enormous ah she's in Dublin but I
mean like most of the time were like
today for lunch I had a sausage Shambo
but it was a new McCarty sausage Shambo
when we were in Scotland and weirdest
guy was telling us about the Linda
McCartney and mozzarella burgers so
we're trying them tonight excuse me
hopefully they're good and we got some
peas with coconut oil is a coconut cream
coconut oil coconut cream are you are
you ready for your life to change now I
know it's vinegary this is clearly a
bachelor you ever watch in your life but
let me tell you when we tell them about
sinners sinner sinner on Netflix
it's our binge right now it's it's just
so good we have been so overtired for
the last few days because we found it
and we just have been on a weights
I don't think it's possible to watch one
episode and I feel so good it's set up
warmer you were like oh somebody said
yeah I read it I read it somewhere I
would say it's up there with the Oh a
right very similar but um yeah yeah
anyway is better I think in since then
they did something completely new but
the way this story is in total that it's
really good I think it's like there's me
know hyper batters there's you know
there's nothing you just like you take
you to restive internet sensation and at
the quarry and your community I know I
hate think all the sensation internet
sensation Ciccone Jolie day anything
guys do you know what well Holly and
Phil did it bother you they're actually
really nice they weren't did you go in
sometimes and you don't know about TV
personalities are they gonna be the same
it's probably the same with meeting at
youtubers and literally just before we
went on a little hug a kiss little chat
and we're sweeping on so many we're like
I obviously not many may know they like
so many where the TV presenter is like a
comedian off camera and like so all
really not nice and then the camera
switches on and they're like so we're
here with Jonathan you're like well and
then it goes we're just gonna okay maybe
clock out you're breaking right and
they're just like talking to a producer
in their ear and you're like just they
totally blanking you and I and that just
like makes the whole thing really hard
but if you're watching three nice
chemistry because we just had two bands
it was just I thought we were relaxed
and I was like if they're not actually
nice then you just have to fake it yeah
yeah and you and you can see them off
camera when they know when the cameras
are on them and they're just like away
from them the person no person just like
change their face we just went from like
to like and then back again you're just
like how am I supposed to do this anyway
anyway guys we're not like that work
Jane you are worth it Jane you know in
our to collapse
I hope so I think so everyone says it
after add the meeting us trying to go
times up life I think there's been a few
time like I always do try but I think
there's maybe like a handful
times when like people have asked for a
picture when I'm like like a child I'm
having a meltdown or like I'm trying to
get children into a car seat or
something where I've never rude but I'll
probably be like oh do you mind if I do
it in like five minutes or like do you
mind if I don't you know like that we
should present a morning show
good morning show with Jonathan and Anna
if you own a TV network and you'd like
to Commission the breakfast show with
Jonathan and Lana call me hey goodbye
friends hope you enjoyed stopping party
today what do you do it and you know
there would be a subscribe thing she
does and in a video I know and yeah
check it out leave nice comments leave
nice like buttons and subscriptions and
we'll see you tomorrow
Stacy oh and watch dinners changer
