what are we doing we are watching friend
videos me and it won't go that's what
we've been doing all morning all right
hold on let me turn this off okay hold
on mm ah this one's a good one
yeah it's a good one
it's a good'n mm-hmm Media Eduardo yeah
who's that this is your owl I think he's
getting bored
Mickey's wearing these coppa job they
have an extra layer so they don't like
fits up in the night it doesn't get his
chest wet I know oh god oh god he's
obsessed with the camera what's going on
what's going on
wired I'll be don't be bold
what's going on here Oh some doggies are
Yankee Navy no no no heck you can't get
up oh my goodness it's a breach it's a
full breach we got a full breach who did
it ha ha oh my anus full reach sorry
Bianca
Maggie's a mommy's girl oh my god is
everyone dances come on let's go do you
love the doggy friends you know hey I
know look at newfies she's just like I
know she's gonna mental come on get out
of here
okay we've reached a time that happens
every now and again
oh we're daddy picks the clothes are we
ready
all right friends when I say daddy I
mean Amelia oh just looking nice hi Oh
what have I done some lovely jumpers oh
this is a nice jumper that'll be fun and
not that a different one we got the pink
hoodie my god we got ha ha I love this
hoodie and yo this is nice do you like
Oh what well well which one do you want
you want this one or this one you are
the blue polka dots
nice choice okay now we probably need
some pants
you pick the bow okay and I will find
some clothes for this yeah and we will
warm me back we'll be back here in five
with the plan of action no not that one
is what we ended up with it looks cool
what does mom think you agree I'm like
you know that are the legs Elin yeah the
legs is walk faster yeah it's okay which
means okay it's like it's the little tie
on the end of it we got a little pair of
skinny jeans we paired it with this
lovely hoodie or socks in the hands oh
yeah you're styling a media
and we're gonna check this out right
just ignore that person on the baking
video that we're putting up today
focusing so you gotta go check that
video I'll leave a link down below to it
oh my god it's so cute
Oh classy this is what a media likes to
do every morning is a take care of my
shoes my I just tripped on what my kids
Johnathan's hard at work poor Jonathan
he's him and his little friend up there
know if you can see him every time I
come in his home no not that the friend
on top boy you can actually see it on
camera fighter anyway he's hard at work
on my am video which looks epic I'm so
happy with it like a little bit that I
see this looks amazing
so um Eduardo had his first yogurt
morning I love him I have like a little
parade of dogs oh hello
my clean the mock so you guys didn't get
to see what he was filthy
he got yogurt everywhere he had it like
in his hands in his hair in his face on
his pajamas didn't you did you like the
yogurt yes and what I did is what I used
to do is in media I just it's basically
it's just baby led weaning but it's so
much fun for them like I gave him the
pot like when he had finished kind of
spoon feeding but there was still a lot
left in the pot and
through it everywhere and got it all
over his face in his hands and he loved
it didn't you
you loved it yeah where's your teeth
though let me see humanity cuz your
sister at this stage had to okeydoke
ease we found a solution if you find a
solution to the situation a situation
solution oh oh my goodness oh I'm
deadening for the last 700 million years
and I got the other gun and I just color
grading and sometimes when you're when
you're color grading if your eyes
actually break and bleed from the inside
and ooze through your brain so I was
like I need to get out so I need to step
away step away from the corrections and
comment here in media so I was talking
to some peeps and he told me there is a
dump nearby which is free go on to UK go
on the UK lads
hello free dumb bitch you like it um so
yeah I can get rid of all of this stuff
finally oh my goodness because we moved
here made so many boxes which is these
are all the moving boxes underneath here
and then it's just been building up and
building up cuz me new summer you know
you got to get like you just you just
got to get loads of stuff and it adds up
you know and any little children little
cars and every week when I'm putting out
the recycling I always slip a box or two
out there and go where they take it and
then they take it I'm like yeah but I
feel like really bad haven't did it
every week so I'd like to just scooch it
in one go so I figure all of this will
probably fit in the client pretty sure
even this little child here huh
even this little child huh fefe you want
a car whose car is this
oh is that daddy's car that's not
daddy's hi oh my goodness
did you notice do you go and you guys
watch the old links I saw yesterday's
video the old link was a day I media had
the same media you have your car a year
did you know you got this a year ago
like yes layers
something you should totally like clean
it seriously your your car is used as
much as your mother's car do you know
that
whoa watch that what's that baby go boom
they like calm man I want to go home
they go a single they like commando who
to go home mana mana media you like my
chef hat right on the job assesses
wonder what a bake you want to try
bakers night oh is it really
that's daddy's bakers hi what I wear
when I'm baking me focus do I have like
giant ears bagel they like calm and I
want to bake a bagel they like calm and
I want to make a big day like oh man I
would do no I know I know I'm gonna get
you ready got you I got you
what y'all just taking a turn for the
worst x100
it what the hell
hey bruh no no no no no no no I thought
he's gonna get it daddy's gonna get it
this is the eye of the hounds thing I
always that thing that eyes oh it is
like it's on ITV's called release the
hands or something Emilia has the bag of
money so run right this is your time
Helen's go release the heavens really
sad
what our hands aren't very good pretty
stones no I guess you got the key to
back the money
what various all right let's get yeah
let's do the big toe please let me go
get some organic paste out some millage
some polling choice
switching smoothie the mangos it wagons
but you got there little fella
huh big eNOS we prepared two little
meals hmm no we got that bagel eating
cookies in your hand oh you picked up at
tomorrow bring the tomato to the gob lob
the gob friend get it in you like that
Emilia love tomatoes when she was your
age
obsessed no she won't even smell us
matter I hope you put all the crusts off
them or not the crust with the skin or
whatever that's all gonna end up in the
floor in a minute oh he's got a sweet
car too no Amelia your dinners getting
cold
look okay Shh oh are you having in
lasagna is it widened eating lasagna or
is it duardo throwing lasagna LeFleur
whilst Algy eats - lasagna and whoever
this is over here who's that tio
I think he just likes her feels I want
that nice yeah you know a facial scrub
then assign your face Evan you guys
tried the lasagna body wash that's on
your body scrub its day it's the crusty
cheese I kind of exfoliate your skin and
then you get the moisture from the meat
and the sauce is that how it works
he's so cute little bad and then we have
this child and then we have this child
who just does not seem to eat anything
and then this child move appears to eat
everything huh you're like opposites
you're like all jaysus wretch about that
music I'm fine
right just what kind of your neck my
jumper gonna be always access your turn
yes girl huh yeah let's see if it works
now put Minnie in put minion okay ready
light it on ready and it works we fix it
daddy's toolbox to the rescue again now
you see we wanted this for the bots so
now cuz it's the car of the future if
you didn't know about Peppa Pig you can
press a button and it turns into a boat
good boy go in there oh okay
come on let's go hey don't forget the
passengers need to bring the duckies
bring the Ducks toilets go into Eduardo
let's go all right Oh what have we got
here huh one source of sweets classic
classic huh at the top look a nice
clothes did you eat some holidays young
lad what is the design you actually
beep-beep-beep better bett better pep up
thanks for watching that's a Coney
Jolie's we got a new episode every day
for your pleasure
every day seat Dave isn't that cool up
oh oh my I just thought mature yeah so I
thought I wanted a Twitter I was like oh
my god it's so cool actually looks like
their card actually anything I think
but lager its you chew pop of culture
it's not cool isn't it doesn't he have a
thing like that
no okay sir hope you enjoyed today's
video episode um don't forget check out
Amelia's baking video thing I can't get
over that feeling it's amazing I'm so
like oh my goodness could we make an
entire video
yeah nope healthy dude ever go but she's
so cute
oh yeah did you just get so cuter oh my
god it's like when is it going to angle
it when is she just gonna reach our
maximum cute level or she just gonna
continue getting cuter I know buddy sure
and I'm gonna twerk you imagine like
what what year what year is it at this
time next year no wow I know but like I
don't know he your second child does
seem to M like advanced a little bit
faster because he's encouraged by the
first child so like I don't know could
they be having a conversation system
next year I'll be so much fun shooting
this time next year
see you guys bar thanks much for
watching video and liking video and
leave a nice comments just being a good
friend
bye
