oh my goodness what's going on here oh
oh oh are we having a picnic media said
we're having a picnic we're having a
birthday picnic with all our birthday
cards oh ji-ho what's ido saying hey
eduardo call you did he
Tito what Tito was barking oh no he was
knocking over all the cards oh no he's
not going over all the guides wat is
going on here
Judy I have a new favorite time
grandma has arrived with presents I did
- oh my goodness me to get so many
presents by a different one so I saw a
white oh did it wardo get a present this
is me use birthday present
B birthday it is her birthday every day
seriously he go wow where's the birthday
cake good mom bring birthday cake I did
yeah Oh birthday food cake it's a fruit
cake your daddy's favorite cake as a
noodle boy when I was a young lad
yeah yeah Eduardo stealing your present
let me just get that Saturday part off
did you get it right Oh a new book I'll
always see it pirates love Underpants I
like a little bit of French hidden for
his it for her and riot each well she
can say cross on haha I don't know if
this bus or in the book four feet OH
oh who is that grandpa he's bit chewed
though isn't he
all right here a crazy story what my
murder at a mature age wouldn't divulge
that information has never had a bagel
in her she asked me once a bagel Butch's
deprived from yeah
which is having one now the Vegas
license for over four years I have a
jokey toast to me okay I am I an info
how many mumbly Ruth if you're watching
I'm living dangerously I'm really after
you know something new because you're
supposed to do something you're scared
of every day okay I knew what I was
pretty scary and every day the
conversation here is riveting whoo he's
back he's asleep you know honey he's
gone he's got he's good hi
mom was telling me I when I was a kid I
used to guy that I would just like Moses
fall asleep in oh let's see face in
dinner and I was a Jonathan with a
switch off Oh God
got any better exactly he's going it's
more broccoli he's really trying
no all right whereas UBA UBA Beaudry so
grandma my mom had you calling her mom
then the media was looking at me cuz I
said mom with you I don't know I was
coming about mom and then at me it was
looking me like on cuz if she
understands the mom word she's like what
were you calling grandma mom then would
you call mom so I grandma is taking
Eduardo out for a little walk oh oh
and Amelia's asleep but Millie's
probably gonna be up about 20 minutes
and shake you want to say good night
which is amazing oh my goodness I miss
having actual family around it is so
handy they actually want to take your
children it's amazing
tada look we built this is cool you know
like to use this before so we'll let you
a user test this oh yes I'll test of it
as a qualified health care professional
exist with the Irish health services
like we'll take great care of your
children
yes look at our little baby Oh little
Eduardo Eddie
no Sunday gave a catch with my kids hey
bring it back bring it back bring it
back where is it where is he
food is it yeah
fetch
I'm still out with Eduardo and his bacon
with some cupcakes don't playing catch
it's cold give you yeah yeah yeah get
seen nto love playing catch Nevaeh and
I'll be love sleeping inside
Bianca well she's a big ball Center she
be Boston's okay any bitch why are you
doing big one and they can take ya
cupcake one okay Amina has one chocolate
I don't know what you're saying we're
going to use the mixer okay alright I
just need to get all my ingredients half
a teaspoon of vanilla we get vanilla
let's get vanilla okay vanilla smells
nice right we're gonna have to do this
again tomorrow
here you take that okay and where's our
Halloween decorations
where's that one okay
Halloween decoration and then you like
that
where's ah this one look that's cool
okay I'll carry this one over okay okay
we're gonna do half the batch today and
half the batch tomorrow so that we can
be like professionals and be like here's
a battery I made earlier and there there
will be just what are you prepare it
because otherwise it just takes too long
so let's preheat our oven and we're
making spiced pumpkin oh I shouldn't say
it no I should because this is going to
go like the same time okay yeah we're
making spiced pumpkin cupcakes in case
you haven't guessed already yo man Wow
good good I don't think you'll be able
to do that good girl okay now we're
going to switch it on switch it on
good girl you are so good at that oh my
god so since the last time we baked
Amelia has gotten so much bigger and so
much older and now she's like actually
doing things herself but she can add a
reading whereas before like I wouldn't
allow her to because like I knew she
would just fill it she was too small but
because don't touch it so okay don't
touch when it's on
that's the rule this is the meanest
favorite part isn't it you like that
yeah nice she lives for that part she
was asking me the entire time like mommy
honey can I link like no not yet but it
smells amazing so we're going to spoon
that in Jonathan unfortunately using the
oven so just as well we have to
somebody's a different one that that
wasn't commuted Eduardo's playing games
with his grandma on the iPad he went for
a lovely walk and sister deny her son
solely rolie polie a muk muk muk roly
poly roly poly stop stop stop
again Rolie Polie Road might be here a
while
sousou's only children and I originally
pony she is she is she is wholly Polie
Olie Polie amok amok amok roly poly roly
poly stuck stuck stuck Oh
yeah I'm going to show everybody what
they look like
Chloe Wow okay okay okay try cupcake on
the table isn't it why I don't have your
cupcake no Eduardo is too small
he's a baby that's what they turned out
like them yeah so they are spiced
pumpkin cupcakes with a cream cheese
frosting and candied pecans on our guy
all done mmm-hmm we're gonna have some
puppies and they turned out really nice
so I'm looking forward to making some
more tomorrow this is the situation
folks love hates on at nine o'clock
thankfully by the way I tweeted out
because I was really worried that I
wasn't gonna have to watch it tonight I
thought I'd actually have to book a
flight and fly home on my other option
was if somebody to FaceTime me love hate
from their GP cuz you want to you player
doesn't work in the UK but now I got it
sussed everyone on Twitter gave me some
ways to a hook it up so I got a hooked
up now but now I need to get you guys in
bed in half an hour when in half an hour
we can do this team what let me fall
down oh no patty for pound
oh oh oh me daddy's Tommy and he's tell
me what if daddy gets you a scorpion
claw oh my goodness hey guys you're
gonna fly in the air like that huh also
by the way on his cupcakes were amazing
right beyond amazing I think I just had
forgotten how good of a baker you are
soon nice tree me having a bat
oh are you want to put armbands on them
and then you can teach you how to swim
my children you have to swim yeah I mean
is it why are you in the back oh yeah oh
no are you laughing what you want you're
gonna splash back what's you doing crazy
oh oh oh either the bigs Oh ed whining
the recession the recession immediate
food party bombs we read a book a pop do
you want you take a book school it's
very dark what have an actually I showed
you guys a book process in a while but
the book collections you can see his own
you can see his right art but it has
grown just grown quite a lot this one is
quite popular happy Hector but I think
we show peppa pig's birthday party with
Amelia read this one okay let's just
check time situation all right we've got
she says good look we've got 15 minutes
15 minutes to love hate we got to get
the child asleep in 15 minutes
oh you know it I made it just a dime I
can hear media sharing me but no sorry
daddy's busy ah awesome
thanks for watching today's episode I
shall sit here and I shall watch to love
him to hate to see you guys tomorrow
newbies newbies movies come on come
watch it with me come on come on well do
our thing
why should I lay together see you guys
but it didn't dented and interred and
attended a dance
how cool is that one my hair is bit
funny because I think in the picture I'm
looking my
she's like looking one way but my hair's
going in at her so I'm kind of like a
little bit crazy class not look at the
kids it's really cool it's a girl isn't
that Ana's one look at well that's
blended that's really cool anyway if
you're wondering what a heck is Jo PE
going on about love hate love hate is an
Irish drama show as we can offer about
four years now I think anyway it's
really good it's bad like inner-city
crime well not really inner-city I
suppose
actually it's prawns the entire of
Dublin but it's right Dublin crime and
stuff right it's actually it's really
gripping show and if anyone from Arlen
knows I'm talking about if you're
outside argillite lat
but I did have a vibrator it's great
show brilliant show anyway so is this
huh so is this arrow would say it's
Aeschylus and ponies ponies okay see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching
today's episode and I'll see you guys
tomorrow and then if you guys want to
check out the baking video it will
probably be over an Una's Channel it's
probably not there yet well it depends
of time you're looking at if you can
check it out I'm going to upload it
today as soon as we finish it it's
pretty cool we have another baking video
the kids in a while so hopefully it'll
be cool and I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks so much for watching
hi
