hello
crazy in the morning Wow
oh my god it's crazy control that fun
gets outta control sometimes
hey it's outta control huh
Did you touch it they said no touching I
said no touching
I said no listen listen to me now are
you going to get me no thanks very much
I'm sitting in the bounce house it
missing a foot and if you're here how
are you friend
no I was awake I do I do I know
hello Eduardo why does awake is a
wide-awake mate isn't served friends
he's in some sort of a trance huh are
you gonna be a rocker like your sister I
don't think so I think I mean they had
already established herself as a
hardcore rocker at this age huh
putting you more of a you more of a jazz
she's into the rock and roll he's into
the jazz dealers jazz hands huh is that
a baby monkey is it a baby monkey yeah
yeah yeah we look alike
hey pretty pink hey you son huh huh five
minutes ago he was like this little baby
that's what happens and it's like your
bling it was like looking at me like she
knows me so mobile active and stuff it
happened today quickly we won't you know
when the first is a baby tink oh my
goodness it's never gonna end
yeah but then like suddenly difficult
and you're like oh wow hmm I do think
this is definitely so far like my
favorite age Amelia is so much fun but
you're gonna be so much fun - you're
gonna be so much fun deal huh go it up
to you guys to mental lunatics run
random
it is like storming lashing rain in
their lives it's not fun it's not a fun
situation satifying situation is it huh
check out this cute
hello oh don't mind the fact that
they're both in their pajamas at one
o'clock but this is Saturday so that's
my excuse
I on the other hand I'm wearing a new
top that I got from boob and it's kind
of cool because it's not like the other
ones it doesn't actually look like a
breastfeeding talk but it is it's not
like you can I presume you can either do
this or there's a flap thing here you
know what the regular ones but because
of this style of it it's kind of like an
empire line um it just doesn't look like
a breastfeeding top the only things it's
really long so it kind of looks like a
dress that's okay meaning I wanted to
play with her dollhouse with Eduardo
Eduardo actually stinks of poo right now
he needs to be changed but I don't want
to disrupt this niceness going on so
that's why they're still there also I
just wanted to point out that Jonathan
thought that this set our IP wrote right
you ready
Edgar the dates like you wanna our IP
Road rally I was like doing a
rip-roaring road rally he was like no no
the pigs have come to have the pigs come
to visit easy dollhouse furniture dolly
Bianca people Bianca Navy I know what we
can do in in oh no no not you papa
yankee no sit sit
now yank is in the house hello Eduardo
you having fun are you giving a guardo
toys as well what are you doing in there
oh no no Melia Nadal has meaning we're
doing a Hello
hahahaha Ringo oh no uh-oh can you get
out can you get out without breaking the
whole thing he's a monkey he's a little
monkey um that wasn't for you Bianca
where's lardo that's not for you come on
get out
scooch today for lunch I am going to
have a pizza okay I know there's no
reason I don't even know what's going on
but uh yesterday last night I got 700
billion cheese about reasons these new
standards reason I'm in Rosie and reason
so you're involved in the raising
campaign raising awareness of campaign
raises you raised my awareness what's
going on hey hey hey how come you're
wrecking the gas to party Friday
afternoon pizza Friday are away Saturday
Pizza Pizza Pizza
Papa Papa buta pita pita stop or say
pizza party Friday night pizza party
Friday night it's a party Friday night
it's a Saturday afternoon in what
happened yeah media oh my goodness
what do you think Rocky is that your
pizza you want to share it with that hmm
but I take all the bits you don't like
off oh my god I'm so excited
huh please just woke up we live on
different lines you can world what's
that
who put that there's your pizza
um cutie-patootie we found the solution
to Amelia's leftover foods
it wasn't about giving it to the dog so
this guy you grabbed it from Earth he
grabbed the ball like give me pizza
give me pizza oh my god we can have a
full family pizza party nowadays hmm is
that most of the time it ends up with a
doggy isn't it
you like it I'm such a hungry hungry
hippo yeah this little thing doesn't
even eat at all he eats for two he's
eating for two good weren't you know
Nagisa hmm you like to beat that boy so
I did this deal - and I took an
Instagram pic I never gotten under Vlad
what yeah we're gonna look a little
punim against the mirror so you can see
himself oh yeah okay you stand there mr.
man look get yourself who's that in the
runner is that in the mirror oh that's
it wide oh oh
facebones wow so cute with the dryer
there dude thankee totally careful
careful careful careful look at you guys
- for my four kids yeah what are you
doing are you kissing Amelia is it
merely a kissing Amelia is it wider
kissing you do I know hi if you using
yourself
Hey are you kissing yourself hi look at
your hand up what's your hand up hmm oh
my goodness that's good toe that was
good standing that was good standing
it was good standing huh right here
no no I mean on me on me uh oh
oh my god joy I found out yesterday
apparently well obviously you in the UK
you know this but um Guy Fawkes is
talking to my neighbors and she's
telling me about guy foxing the fourth
in a row I think this because Halloween
is really a big deal saying around here
you're not gonna get any
trick-or-treaters all the houses are
like witty far separated apart and so
forth which is home you can buy
fireworks in like the shops and stuff
legally in Orleans but you're not
allowed by fireworks and even an artery
oh you catch a movie so I'm like oh my
god nothing yeah I would take it on
Halloween night cuz everyone's got
fireworks but you're not supposed to
have them so you can actually buy them
so we're gonna have a little fireworks
we're gonna get so many fireworks each
wire is gonna get his own firework a 50
repeater candle something amazing it's
gonna be amazing
yeah that's of course over here he's an
air screamer oh no no oh good girl yeah
so we're having shepherd's pie and once
again Eduardo is joining us this evening
for your shepherd's pie oh is that good
is that good you just go ahead and make
a mess there yeah she died shepherd's
pie Oh
we've now moved on to a spider now
because we saw a spider you're not
running up oh good girl
whoa you don't need help huh
right a bear Eduardo what a beer son ah
someday I'll be sharing a beer with my
son
well that's our Saturday for you folks
hope you guys had a good Saturday
yourselves filled with pizza and
shepherd's pie gnome to carve Alicia's
dinner
and I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
for stopping by
Eduardo say my friend's boyfriend
boyfriend's mom you got me bro pig ear
mom mom tomorrow oh my goodness last
night there's a picture on Instagram we
in video it but the two kids we put a
media and Eduardo in the bath together
normally add water gets a bath every
night and I shower Amelie every night
because we do them in different floors
and sufficient as a process and actually
works when they go to bed and go
sleepless amazing but last night when I
got signing out and for funsies I
brought Amelia back down into Eduardo
and then I put her into the bath and the
two them were like splashing about
together because the dryer can sit up
now um I wouldn't leave him on his own
about the Lisi but it's just really cute
and I was like oh my god could you
imagine in a couple of months and he's
really confident there and it's here
them together or when they go swimming
dia wouldn't do anything together is
amazing it's so cool and I and lately
they began more and more like I feel
like Eduardo lately is becoming more
like he's you know he's developing his
own personality and he's becoming his
own little character it's it's cool to
see them like play together and stuff
steady right I gotta go I'll see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching and
have a good rest of your day buddy
