and this is how a Saturday morning
cartoon should be
why don't we she have you ready watching
cartoons in bed will you I know on a
Saturday morning that sounds about right
huh we're actually watching youtube
cartoons painted me
you gotta paint your nails good girl
what color what color yeah
pink the good one because it's a matte
and it dries really fast
sorry m1 always on her okay catch it yes
you want to last one okay now what do
you do you know like you do we have to
blow okay
all right another one okay let me roll
up your sleeves so you don't get messy
in new pops Eduardo in the comfy car I
was thinking about these eyes look up
online right you can buy these little
side steps they're not that expensive
but they install here under the car can
run up and she can almost climb into the
car herself so I was like do you like
you buy them and then you can install
themselves
I've seen him drowning usually on like
Range Rovers and self-esteem a couple of
hands with them like maybe we should get
that little side sample on here that I
mean it can like stuff into the car
herself I don't know I think it'd be
kind of cool you know I think I get a
little side steps they're not that
expensive and you installed him yourself
because a media can almost climb in
herself and then if we had a little step
like in the Range Rovers here she could
like climb up and get in the car herself
I'll be kind of cool you know she's such
a big girl aren't you
what are you going we're going hardcore
folks getting ready with the baby and
holidays the new c-class look Sarah it's
the new body c-class when you have I
think it's I think it's nice they've
improved it a good bit I like the front
it's sleek it stick it's like the R
cross instead they different
okay um you hold her hand so just run
off and I shall help you here
Your Honor I like this Daddy's car you
see the yellow collar person they mean
that it's nice and tasty he means got a
tasty engine on board let's say you know
ceramic brakes that's what you want for
beasts and around corners you get
knowledge Eduardo are you walking do you
want to be carried by mom who had a baby
oh yeah in our hotel yeah I didn't even
bring a stroller that was the best thing
to do action yeah it was yeah but she
little baby hallo this is this is cool
oh I think it's the little CD thing it's
like it's more friends yeah Oh scooch in
Venus is wandering along singing nursery
rides his letters you guys
it's so cute look at that hardcore mom
it's like the kangaroo mom Wow nice no
there's no thing on today
I was wondering wants to take me home
today huh
that's a shame we'll find something else
as in the mood for stone baked pizza I
mean he had sweets that are actually
good for you
what does Mickey then his Mickey ones is
not many ones if you want to make you
one that you want the pink mr. men ones
these are calcium vide they have like a
multi omega-3 I want a strawberry yeah
you want these no we tried a few them
let's see a lot of these ones don't work
and they're really good but they're more
of like I don't know like it crunchy
sweet each minute isn't like so much so
we're gonna find these ones that you
like jellies that one that one that's
like this one right this way
yeah yeah she's means that at least we
tease huh it's not so much like kids
need multivitamins is that amelia is so
picky now I'm only eating all of her
food and she's not getting the kind of
bits that we hope that you get so this
is kind of just tobacco plant if you
didn't eat leave she gets all the
bitumen
yeah now right and we're tricking you
checking you cheating fist beats one
today keeps the doctor away
keeps dr. Brown mare away
you know II we're going down yeah yeah
we just pick up some red roses on here
yeah we're go to Joe fees hostis what
it's a hill there's another hill you
ready go we're running running so fast
let's go on mission number three for
today I'm shopping trapping me he's
gonna be good you're gonna eat a white
cat and white cat huh that's the price
welcome
let's stop everything stop everything
they look different so remember I
couldn't even get these nine and that
one UK was like oh my goodness
fiendish fancies friends hmm Jimmer I
said it on the blog that time and the
cubox that like okay that's don't buy
this one yeah the PIO box said like
literally hundreds about people like
sender you're put into the box
it's so funny it was so amazing create
fiendish friends why do you want to hold
the box yeah we'll get a second box for
you to hold we might have to get that
second box then like every time I have
Eduardo English I'm like a chocolate
chip one not yet you have to wait until
we get it right okay but his head just
starts to drop and get like really heavy
and then he falls asleep it's so okay
it's not it's you know the media calls
Quito's chocolate Cheerios with
chocolate Cheerios responded with
chocolate ear to hear I didn't know
Cheerios made a chocolate Oreo that was
funny
it's alright yeah but look it's
chocolatey Cheerios cool
Wow drop your brush I'm gonna start a
collection of these little what are they
princess pops or something Anna's
actually K you know I got so excited I
was like a new no way here to you know
blondie we're very very old blondie okay
you're gonna love it too into this you
know what this morning and had came on
for a mini palace or something and I
talked about and she's like shut up
oh my god okay there's I'm getting
excited and I was like no he'll agree
living Princess Sophia Polly Pocket yeah
like because they made hungry you know
what it really got into Lego I'd be
excited which he wants about a huge Lego
castles and stuff I'll be excited by
that she might be or may be him or
getting scale extracts who the bill
together checks over the entire house
one of them one of them is gettin into
or they're just gonna have to watch that
yeah so this is the jokey toasty job the
special yeah oh the doggies took some
well I think her brush is definitely
around because she's the newest the
second yeah and then her brush is here
isn't it or is this one here boy yeah
you need it Oh
well okay so we need a few tiaras and
missing but I think there's one more who
knows right two more there is Barry and
treasure I haven't seen very enticing
you seem you seem very excited about
your new Pony collection keep saying to
her like do you want a new captain not
one of them is a cat the first one she
got is a cat and then this is a panda
this is a dog and this is another dog
okay your doggy what happened to his eye
well white is the only one she knows the
story about I was the video guys wanna
know about how he why he only has one
eye is asking me and our friends yeah
it's taking 700,000 years to make cheap
to the fact that every time I try to
work on it again about 10 or 15 minutes
into it and then one of my children
wakes up Oracle is asleep or causes some
sort of the disruption but it's looking
really good
it's not getting really good but it's
better be a cool intro someday in the
near future
don't scream at him
so I'm sitting here trying to write a
blog post because it's the least I could
freakin do because I uploaded a video
and forever please Bianca please oh my
god
God's children I'm site who was time for
blogging anymore but I'm trying to get a
blog post up because what's he doing I
don't know and Emilia is torturing her
brother by putting hair bands and be
careful member I told you he's he's a
baby so you have to be gentle
Oh is he handsome poor it for a doll
he's got a hairband he's laughing he's
laughing do it again put it on him again
sorry sorry didn't mean to interrupt you
there oh and he can say mama no joy
worry Joe Chiodo shows a coup dude no he
loves you it's not working oh the TV
yeah I'll turn it back on again okay
sorry
Amelia's a baby good she is going crazy
that is really dangerous whoa whoa
boo welcome to draw foods coasties and
anna's cupcakes honey we're bestsellers
look Oh
go where to a bib and you got him some
breakfast but where does the sleep with
mommy Shh look what's that what a day
cupcakes it was this sandwich and who's
that who's that
yeah it's idea mommy's jokey so T's and
Anna's cupcakes where is Amelia uh we'll
have to talk to whoever made the end
slave yeah where's Amelia huh oh well I
think what I put it differently sorry
like that
well you ain't you want that cupcake
she's pointing to the one at the flake
on the right thanks see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching thanks for
leaving nice comments
Eduardo likes me leave nice comments and
Amelia likes for new Tom's of the video
or like the video over whatever they
call it these days
oh my goodness what have you done where
is it where's it gone what'd you do okay
okay bye
