what's going on yellow boys and dance
no please and colleagues no Stinson
bitch huh
that was the pirate those Indians that
yesterday winos awake why are those
awake why do you oh did you miss Mardle
where does the baby what's that sound
are you watching yesterday's bugs will
you marry me me and Eduardo what Eduardo
once cartoons did he tell you he wanted
to cartoons daddy's asleep don't good
night
wait wait I know where do I do
hello
I'll bet time in the morning I choose
you aren't cartoons do you want to
Ciccone Jolie's what do you not like
this Akane Jovi's can you say ciccone
Jolie that is the song to sing today
look at these two monkeys appear
who are these two monkeys Oh God
you need to be changed little girl look
at this amazing outfit so cute I'm dying
over this little squirrels and the gold
from the gold bow and the faded pink
look at these outfits a good girl he's a
good boy you're a good girl
nice outfit look stand up there now and
show yourself show your OTV what's up I
know it's so cute the little monster
yeah and Emilia is so cute and her
squirrel dress Oh walk all night to walk
Emilia stomp stomp stomp
oh my goodness this morning in my
imaginary life I had such a nice line it
was amazing because we ran out for this
loving me
already here is amazing see I remember
know you make so cute though
I love that hmm no hello and welcome to
tutorial icing how to play with two
children today we're learning how to do
the see saw margery doll while having
two children on board extend your legs
in an upward motion take child a which
is the smaller child who needs more
protection at the back because it's
safer take the next child put your
abdominals whatever you do do not stand
on dad
okay do not stand on that he's got to
take those pinkies get the pickles
please get the tickles
click he's got to take us Lucky's got to
take Eduardo's tickle monster
what's going on over there I sense
trouble there may be moonlight and love
songs and music
okey okey okey okey okey okay boy
Luigi look at this little monster over
here
well are you gonna bop you gonna roll
over yeah hmm is where you in the mirror
you stay there now what's going on here
are you doing your makeup you do the
makeup tutorial ah will you tutorial
izing what makeup look are you going for
why is it that when you you you get your
point right when you're like tired right
you're like all falling asleep and then
you go beyond that and you go to this
other place where you have more
abundance of energy and you're just
loopy do please that's why I'm right now
it's kind of weird because you feel like
you're more awake but you're not you've
gone beyond tired you've gone to do
other play it's like it's like tiredness
inception just levels of tiredness and
sec I'm at a different level now living
tiredness is I I no longer sleepy tired
I'm that loopy tired he goes through
different things
I'm gonna different place entirely so
got an envelope got an envelope to get
stamped and delivered and I think
there's one in the high street so join
me join me post office is being
completed now look what I've got some
chalks because bottoming a huge
chalkboard we haven't you see Xing get
shocked and then that's how it after
secured on the walls we should encourage
to chalk usage so we get sort of quite
ones and clear the ones all over all
broken but that's what we have to do it
my game is like a nice thing okay baby
it's good okay we made it back home
what's the matter she get some shopping
and some flowers where do i you just get
them flowers every now and again it
makes everything better
let's go Sean and hopefully Alan
survived with the two monsters I don't
know I do love them I know I complain a
bit about the kids in the lack of sleep
off lately
boy down
well that don't get me wrong I do love
my kids and it is worth it it is worth
all the sleep the provision that we are
experiencing of life will just come to a
process you know go to these stages
where everything works and it'll work
you'll eventually fix itself and then
Eduardo we'll call it somewhat a rough
like this or maybe media will hit the
fours the terrible twos and the
frightening forest
seriously frightening for us when she's
in the frightening forest he'll be at
the terrible twos oh my god I'd be
terrible and frightening he look like a
jungle gym
okay so seen I like the cat out of the
bag back here there's a tree this tree
needs around true that's how they're
doing it lads so we're gonna fix the
netting so they can no longer get true
if they are barking up a storm
we need not one barking up a storm we
don't want storms do we so you know
strong spark so if you know barking
storms this is nice two three oh my gosh
go around this train and microneedle
right happen all right folks
we're doing this phase two of operation
when I say be keeping the peace I made a
funny pun
right it's lightweight hot Joe oh hi oh
that looks like a nice safe toy for a
two-year-old the play would you wanna
pick up the nails and eat them like
sweets we've initiated the ends
patrolling no more trolling
no more trolling that this is the troll
net even the shade of the troll net
there should be no more trolling in my
garden
amia is talking right now by Stephanie
over the net oh it's men you forgot well
yeah there we go
no more trolling and if I could somehow
bill this net in the comments videos and
be amazing
that's easy hopefully this stops them
and they can no longer sneak past like a
double double this doubled it up in case
there's breaks you in the first level
and then you've got the main one over
there now all we need is to find Cena
because Cena is the ultimate troll
she has trolling skills it's a slow
working progress whether he's actually
stopped happening with the intro it's
just it's a slow work in progress but
we're getting there
that's mommy daddy Eduardo don't step on
that e oh no don't crease the pages we
need them like this okay that's it wardo
why don't need to go up here okay come
on I have something for you I need to
build something for you come on it's
gonna be cool trust me Wow tada
it's a chalkboard
it's also a whiteboard but we're not
getting you Marcus wow that's cool what
else can you draw and you draw the Sun
what I was actually in my head it's gone
why I've been spelling it wrong this
alright yeah it means yeah yeah job what
are you gonna drop it oh wow those guys
are drawing it there no painting I am
taking advantage and giving this little
section here a second coat because it
looks pretty good like you didn't
actually seem to notice but some of the
kind of blood sure like the blue stuff
blood show a little bit pink not as much
you know like it didn't look like
where's your section I have an on sheet
like this section here you can see like
you can kinda see a little bit of pink
you know it's kind of in the blue
looking strong that is I might have to
gather people saying to get a magic
marker or something I might actually get
one of them and then go over it and then
paint over it again to block the color
from seeping true all the time the pink
is kind of going away nicely wow that's
a big circle is it right Oh helping I
see eating the chocolate mean to me
alright you know they couldn't read my
reply looks so stupid you never read
what I want you or else I keep with
something like to read this is like it's
like one lion army like I could have
just told you what you say
so I just like no one has ever what are
we getting for yeah no we have obviously
mentioned that what I was like when we
can give Eduardo for dinner she was like
broccoli
you know how did she know that I'm doing
something she liked to say what I'm
doing I was like oh I know where I was
like I take VOC sometimes the night and
she calls the name of the book every
yeah okay are you gonna put it in a ball
okay okay
so if I over this broccoli nearly all
right let's do this you can say goodbye
to your friends they brought I like when
she says it say broccoli
Amelia likes poop hey doggie doggie
poops poops all right we're gonna go and
we're gonna munch ins and dog poops yeah
all right thanks so much for watching
and thanks for leaving amazing comments
every single day
amazing Commons and hitting that like
Bhutan and generally just being awesome
and chillin in every day and it's crazy
thank you so much and I'll see you guys
tomorrow you excited to go to a party
tonight your party is it your party that
was your purse is gonna be birthday cake
birthday cake at this party
oh right
