is that her house this is Anna this is
mine your hands apparently that's pretty
huh Minnie's in her house hmm
we take me out though bring meaning to
the dolls house bring money to the dolls
house it's less likely to smash know why
you bringing her in my friends welcome
to your video presentation for this
afternoon or deceive me we're good night
or this morning
look oh yeah the whole family's here
sick dad's been missing for a couple of
days now point sure we're done is he's
stuck in traffic or get to the office
maybe he's got there he's busy I don't
know you're busy at work or something
maybe more than likely he was eaten by a
dog lightly what happened what's going
on over here guys
what's going on over there what's going
on Tito Tito no batana madra no bead on
a mantra
poke me home what you got there Mia a
chocolate Ruby give you a present this
huge oh good my goodness that's a light
chocolate friend yes is it Amelia's can
bad have some can a Jew I don't have
some can mommy have some you taking that
off new hot use it all the running
around what you're in the shower I turn
the shower on yeah like any night now no
you look so cute
you need to get nap that certainly as
temperatures just drop it a bit so
ordered me today so Jonathan's going to
get paint for the wall which has been
destroyed by Mia and I'm gonna get them
dressed okay I think you need a jumper
today just like it right Oh hmm need to
break in our woolens cuz it has it's
just got me already cold all of a sudden
so I'm gonna go upstairs you minded
wired okay good girl I'm gonna get your
outfit here's the outfit I think I might
do these just for around the house so I
need to go through so badly and sort out
what needs to be donated because she's
grown out of a quite a few things so I
got you that soon and I'm used to it for
so happily need to do that stuff because
he
must and although the stuff that she has
now she can kind of be in for a while
because thankfully like all the age to
stuff is gonna fit her for a while but
it's still kind of sad somebody has a
pendant outfit on look at you
you on your phone and you too busy to
talk okay
it's OMA Oh is she on the phone I like
your skirt you're too too it's very
pretty
albian teal yeah should I say Pio and
orange
I ever turned on my journey and look
what I got on my journey little Coco
that's what our our walls are painted in
Coco we got some stuffs here get some
light spirit to drink afterwards
in celebration we got some paintbrushes
oh yeah we are going to fix the wall
plus I was gonna I was looking at it and
I was like well I got like a little test
or one cuz the tester would probably do
what she did now saying dude you know
what I'm gonna go ahead and get a big
fella because there's a good chance
they're patrolling pussies entire hat
well okay part for the kitchen most of
the house is painted in natural Papo so
I figured you know what I just got a big
a big jalopy and then do the whole house
with the natural tackle plus they also
bought more of this garden net because
the little troll of dogs figured out a
way a little down
pretending gap in my perimeter do you
like croissants huh yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
so she today for Anna's channel machine
some stuff for Eduardo which should be
pretty cool too pretty cool videos I
mean say much about us channel you guys
notice though as me much videos up there
it's just so hard with the two kiddos
but we're gonna we're gonna drive
forward we're try and you know we hope
to quality that channel you know make
some really good strong content in there
that's the plan huh well they're
reinvented we're gonna make it happen
are we gonna make it happen yeah me it
says yes so I'm hopefully will be videos
there shorty shortly right now we're
eating ham no one out are you in Turkey
I know why I'm lying to you
is it your liar and baby pythons I am a
baby my have a slight delay in our
production plan maybe next month we can
start making videos when the kids go to
school
that's when we start making videos it's
a process
Hey look one day scenario it's the end
of a month okay
a new one starts in eight days we have
eight days notice so get excited for
October okay get excited where I go
where October is going to be the return
huh yeah I did
well I think that uh the video stuff we
did do or she's testing it and stuff you
know what is it hot okay cuz witches in
media's artwork has been amazing it's
pink isn't working right off oh I have
to dip it in first
Mikey Mike you might go it in if you
just darkened room take up the shirt you
know he's tired like but you I got
remember when we started putting
immediate and for the night
can you remember somebody go back in the
vlogs and check because sometimes what
six months
tippy tippy tippy tippy here we go
will it be one cold situation oh it
looks like a will be I think so that
will be handy okay
let's see how this goes so you don't
white is I think it's like maybe it's
the under coach and then this looks like
the outer coat or something no no no
it's gonna need more than one coat and
now I'm just wait for it to dry to see I
don't know I think it might need a
second coat I'm not a hundred percent
sure but uh let's just wait and find
that and hopefully Amelia doesn't do
that again yeah you have a nice nap room
some nice and toasty oh my goodness I
don't blame you don't blame me for
coming here put on that but some toasty
it's like your toast is ruined I was hmm
makes you turn the radiators off lights
went mental turned it to level three
whoa fire to the top and then I jacked
the dancer like one and then I yesterday
I when I put it up to three because he's
got a little shimmy mm-hmm whoa whoa
there what's wrong Oh roll over
oh wait what's wrong Eduardo you miss
him all right what's uh what's a day
without building something it's what I
do today we're building a Hermes vanity
unit and the kids are watching the TV
over there which is working amazingly
but about happy that's right bill this
thing looks complicated as always well
who's it for a challenge a challenge
that's why I was playing with his toys
look he's a big boy wait oh he's also
got a pane of glass nice roll over onto
that penny glass safety first folks not
for sale good idea it's so cute
Media what's this what's this
that's the TV in mommy and daddy's room
is very excited about the TV this room
is finally getting somewhat furnished
all right yeah
decorate it oh you like that Amelia is
that your makeup brushes but you know
it's mommy's you know what maybe those
are makeup in the morning huh it's nice
like a nice like a glass finish and a
mirror we figured to put it there so
like the daylight can come in and let
you off and stuff this mommy's yeah
Oh mommy wanted it yeah daddy made it
that's how the world works kids mommy
wants and daddy gets also unwrapped this
mirror need to put it up it's like a
full enter a full linkers hmm are we
gonna put this I think it's going in the
landing there huh
7 years later and we've moved in on are
moving out day I'm gonna take a move
that would be like fighting here okay
let's go
is that what's gonna happen oh this is
not going to end well I can just I can
just I can let you feel it it's not
gonna end well media's it sure how this
has happened now but what happens now
backwards ready ready
the maple come on oh that's a great open
was your backwards trying to drive it
into the house you see your mom says
what you tell us what you fellas up - I
know huh it's a car it's a car be good
it'd be beats harder oh come on there's
enough room in the back wheel come on
right now finally after two years oh no
problem
and that was essentially my day that day
look at his entrance got coffee things
in it's got bows and honey fraps
frappuccinos unless your fees oh he's in
the bottom oh look you can get so many
different selections
no he's oh and a kayak and what wait a
second and a bike Anika
hey oh yeah that's my name email boom
boom bitch anyway guys thanks so much
for watching today's video episode oh my
goodness the level of tiredness is still
insane like every day we can make these
plans of all these different things you
want to do every day
you know what we got the vanity build
you know I'm gonna put a TV in that room
and he kids do be happy and this morning
Amina came in to me and she actually
took the remote control and turned on
the TV and it hasn't it's one of those
Smart TV things that like connects to
like YouTube and stuff and then she just
start playing her nursery rhymes which
was amazing it was amazing I got to
sleep in ten minutes more and those ten
minutes more lads it's called progress
you never know one of these days might
even sleep with Twinkie past yeah you
guys Martin a switch watching thanks for
hitting the old like button and even
nice comments it's it's appreciated bye
