friends I have some very very important
news to tell you
good morning again my little friendliest
friends good morning again my little
friends hello my friend Lee well someday
the final days LS yes how exciting
well it's enough then wait you ate last
night guys till the early hours in horse
you didn't know you didn't you didn't
with Sun I see Jason Paul really have
you got cereal why his life is so busy
so many children we go start today I see
yeah are you ready to start today we
gonna do it come on we are down for
breakfast and ice I thought it was safe
but my sister found me and held me
Bethenny she brought her kids along with
playing with knives she's no stopping
you okay so what are you teaching your
children okay
mommy let me just cut your are mommy oh
this night well actually grandma got
sliced her I opened you teaching her the
same tricks I do yeah get a good shot
now you've got give that an old slice
there and is he gonna baby oh there's
another one in there as well as he sleep
is he Harvey's only three months and
he's twice the size of the last year
there's mr. Harvey hello Harvey
guys I decided to get a look at that egg
running away with itself besides you got
there did you know the difference I
actually said full English because I
forgot the difference in a full English
and a full irish breakfast is beans
that's it
you guys did a full english order got
beans it's already ever been Ireland and
England is beans and I got some a
scrambled eggs did you get what you
Chloe
oh you want daddy's one and said daddy
got a bum deal there so when the media
was the baby news Giuliana and Amelia on
the bed Oh God I think million views
guys so it's no pressure
what do the magic okay know what I'm
looking for hey Harvey you're gonna be
Jeannie on in this scenario
punch it punch it me friend Jana Jana
Duggar cheeky genius how do you put your
hand up
Harvey fall asleep
well whoa no whoa we started huh
we've one more thing to put it put it is
he asleep straight overall you can't sit
up would you ever teach him to sit up
you got to be really fast as anyone turn
to the side you tripod MCV cecilia
Amenia Alessia hello children
boy he's in there together
you guys ready all right we'll back up
back up all right let's see we are out
of the West very it's nice though it's
like air conditioning I like it
oh that was close okay you guys have
never been here before
this is O'Connell Street Dublin all
right easy little tour well it didn't
look anything like this when I used to
live here
I think the loose comes along here now
Oh
Leeson should be just a derriere that's
right there
look I used to work in at Supermax about
40 years ago
okay now 40 years ago the Supermax in
the corner oh wait it's called Papa
John's now
oh no it's called yeah no it still super
marks kind of like Mikey DS writers
version oh he's not stopping
oh okay well hi everybody hi thanks for
coming
the guy's is the GPL it's a spire the
lights in Dublin are going on tonight
we're gonna be gone by the time that
happens there's the OGP oh great the
others the garden garden in the back
alleys alright within the last free
signing of the last day of the tour and
they're all coming so Laura and Izzie
have worn the same outfit well kinda
same thing no idea where I am if I ended
up in a jail this is what Ethan looks
like guys you've ever been curious huh
what's that being in there looks like a
jail or something oh is it okay going to
rights where it ended up
we've done it all friends if you do it
the last people indicate that part of
the group
that is it friends Dublin is over and
book tour is over and we have done it
take a moment it takes just moment it's
all over we did it so cool
but we're done but it ended now we need
to go find our daughter and see if she's
crying or needs food or a breast
McGinnis I get this view guys that is so
cool we clean these windows today open
what did you open Monday don't open oh
that's cool dirty whoa look at this I
feel like I'm in a museum here or
something someone brought us these
offbeat doughnuts you never even heard
of them but look at these things oh my
goodness what do you want pick one the I
reckon there's no tellin that one you
are this one look at this thing I don't
know look at this I don't know yeah I
know I know I know I thought they're all
good I think that's gonna be the best
damn rang yeah cuz egg white don't ever
think it might be new diary that looks
like Nutella friends I have some very
very important news to tell you
guys these are the best doughnuts I've
ever tasted in my life
offbeat doughnuts calm I think they're
only available in Ireland but in Dublin
is it oh my goodness my toner had a
Ferrero Rocher inside of it who came up
with that idea yours had like lemon
meringue as if folks were leaving Dublin
is the spire
I can't even get in a job apparently
lights are coming on not sure which
lights are coming on some lights out
maybe lights down there someone's
turning a light on or something anyway
at the airport we go alright let's yeah
you're going through security yourself
ok goodbye
Sandra ciao bye so we are back at the
gate and Anna is playing a tutorial and
Izzy is going to do this hopefully
before our flight leaves please come
forward
come on please come forward no no ok
well I'll see you in London
good luck are you ready to go home
the airplane is that they're less yeah
are you ready to fly home you ready to
fly home little monkey huh you ready to
play hmm hmm we have gone on so many
airplanes you went on in the orange one
we went in the blue one and now we're in
the green one
No
baby
cool
No let's get this place follow me to the
bus
boy who's still awake who's that who's
daddy's car oh let's see I missed you
did you miss daddy I did Eduardo Eduardo
where's my little son of a gun my own
eat it - son of a gun is she important
did you guys miss us
did you guys miss us see them tomorrow
yeah we'll get them when you come
downstairs in the morning okay
only if you stay in your bed tonight
okay and dad was Dublin friends if you
think I look a little different is
because I we were on this morning this
morning
aha and I got makeup he stuff done and
it made me look less tired and now I'm
sitting to think guys did this whole
makeup thing I think you're onto some
people makeup
oh and mind if I that's something that
would make me look like less tired you
see it looked like tired anyway hope you
enjoyed the dublin of the final day
of the great cat nap book tour it was
amazing I really enjoyed the whole
experience the every day that we went on
every day that we met you guys and all
the different towns and cities and
countries wherever that we went to it
was amazing and it's really really
ignited my my enjoyment of doing these
videos and YouTube and stuff like that
you know because it been so long since
I've seen and met you guys and now I
feel like yeah you guys are real people
you know me and so it's cool it's cool
yeah so check out tomorrow's vlog
because we were on this morning this
morning and I vlog the whole thing all
the message trucks are flying in lads
but yeah we're under this morning it was
pretty cool so I hope you dread it today
tomorrow the next day tomorrow we were
on it today it's on tomorrow and yeah
see you later guys thanks for watching
today's video I will leave a link there
is a link to yesterday's vlog because
there's is linked to the subscribing and
hit the like button if you like what you
saw leave a nice comment if you've got
something to comment about and I'll see
ya tomorrow it's Ron lat okay skyrocket
