let's go I mean Eduardo asleep damn sure
wish I was a stick I'll you just oh
I'm sorry
what I'm you sleeping out well I'm sorry
well you what good come that's a borders
bad let's go
alright so media's gonna pick some
clothes nappies what you want to wear oh
no no were this okay this is what mommy
that she makes a little person up okay
if you can put it over here okay what
are we missing
Oh missing pens too big cold Vado isn't
this you wanna like maybe where it is
fun jumper I'd wear laughs I had that
you are aware that okay you're the boss
now I need a pair of leggings even these
ones where I pick some for you let's see
it's pink with a weight hint of sparkle
I'm thinking these oh hey nice okay
maybe a vest because it's a little bit
chilly windy outside huh oh oh oh oh
boss hello fella Oh daddy needs to get
dressed
are you gonna pick an outfit for daddy
Oh
like
Tito Albie Albie
hey okay let's go back on that side I'll
beat Cena you should
look at your hands look at your hands we
were playing well Marcus this more
chance you see your own to flip it over
look at these plans huh little bit like
a rubber plant a large rubber plant this
is pretty good I was only one strand I
prefer to go I wanted to sort of grown
out a lot more I was for the corner in
my room and for downstairs because if
you put like big plants in rooms really
hustling and things like life and energy
and stuff into the room and that's for
missing in the house some bonsai trees
I never owned a bonsai tree really hard
to master though man maybe these things
did you find oh is it
hello oh you found it toys huh come on
look over here that one's cute hmm you
don't want to touch it
no touchy touchy no touchy touchy no we
didn't forget news mm-hmm careful
hmm I think we need to get a charlie
friend I think you made a mistake a
bauble who put a garden in the middle of
a shop Hey a garden in the middle of a
shop now this is do we need this do me
then we need one of them from Amelia's
room to put in your bed you put that in
your bed movie what do you want a rock
in your bed deal
what about a wheelbarrow I'll 8-ball a
wheelbarrow who put you and put you in a
wheelbarrow no you put you under for
algae in a wheelbarrow
no leave for the driver when it will air
oh we got a charlie you do this right
that our digital Java this one and this
one huh Oh use add these pots because
they're kind of like cream like
off-white I know Anna likes to hold off
wench but uh this is nice I think I
might go this one for my place in my
room stairs and this one for the hall or
the kitchen is all right I may change my
mind I'll get some garden lights as well
because in adults do it at night it's a
nightmare find them would you want to
pick a plant do you want to pick a plant
pick a plant you can have a plant in
your room you want to plant in your room
pick one you just you just went to the
first one I really like this one do you
like this one you like this plant like
this one yeah I made went a little
overboard in the old plant situation you
know row committee plans huh and we were
a very close to a mouth and situation
also so uh okay I find that in the back
of the car
that's where he shows of emergency toys
in the back of your car emergency toy
situations
what do you want a cat toy with a brush
I see all the trees have sort of fallen
on top of his er you look like you're in
some sort of a tree huh
okay no put it no further Chad legs to
get serious right now
okay well managed to get at last place
without buying her a toy but as you can
hear the demands have already been set
the demands have been set come on step
over to thing do me a carry or would you
want to walk this is how you know you
have clarity the place is full
now with the thingies so Eduardo is
having his lunch
slash breakfast because he sleep so late
and Amelia wants to read this book about
cupcakes and I am attempting to drink
some coffee
because I am falling asleep right now
okay it wasn't real I think it was from
daddy's computer okay
I think the doorbell went but it wasn't
I think was from glasses editing
upstairs okay well we read this book oh
all right you want me to carry you
when she wants me to carry her she says
I carry you Chucky says we can I carry
you you just say carry me please mummy
point your banana Eduardo yeah
peach and banana and baby rice mmm he
Pete you ready okay I need a garden
helper Eduardo you want to come and help
me
hey okay son like put him looking at huh
are you gonna come and help daddy yeah
okay we're gonna put this thing up hook
you garden ash I'm gonna put the garden
that up so the dogs can stop trolling me
every night and then we're going to
figure out how to work this out we're
gonna have lights in the garden
nighttime huh oh no it's okay oh I'm
being careful don't worry this is the
mesh Lots this is the stop the troll
edge look at him look at a troll example
of a troll lb lb no wandering around up
there huh oh I am being careful with
you're the one who looks like you're not
being careful come here give me this
spike here go will you go and get the
rest of them looked it over there
will you go get the restroom for me what
being careful I'm being careful I'm
being very careful you coming on here
now
you go go over go over there and get me
the rest of the lights please thank you
you're venturing through the thickness
of the forest here lads
this is gonna work
believe believe in it believe in the
project the project okay come on project
let's believe in each other okay
this is gonna work this is gonna work
that's serious a Nobel Peace Prize I'm
gonna win for the peace and quiet nobel
peace and quiet prize that's such a
thing the old iron lights is implanted
nice magical fence has been placed
please please work
what kind of put them and I kind of
sprinkle them through here as well kind
of over the place but we'll have to wait
till tonight to see the magic now we're
gonna put the gas hopefully tonight it's
gonna look really really pretty all the
way along now hopefully mr. plan get
your hand around like two babies two
ladies are you counting Eduardo are they
my two babies hmm
I'm carrying Amenia I'll give in with
this happy what do you feel now of like
is it this chewiness is this look you
smell like that spray let's pray where
am i pregnant bring me candles great I
just got right I don't know is it you're
doing right or what well did you an
extra spray this woman's ready look at
you you're getting so annoyed it's not
bad you're not saying you stink I'm
saying that you smell stronger of your
aroma and a shower Travis oh maybe
that's it yeah what do you smell more
like whatever you use in the shower
are you I see you guys kind of that
about you so it's alright just it's very
strong well I remember when I was pretty
it would be like
yeah oh media where's your Bobo
look she's getting all crazy mmm yes
must get my hair so I was pretty too how
are you I thought she would be because
we were both currently so why I said
that require even now yes that long I
know her but I'm over here at y'all
pretty Bob oh yeah and you're not either
yeah ain't no out there sorry about that
you have to do what I want until you're
like I don't know whatever age they
started doing what they want now
according to the tune yeah oh my
goodness Amelia drew her first circle
corn all the way around
good girl Wow what did you draw what is
that what is it yellow circles Oh yellow
circle that was amazing yeah what I know
it's like she just drew a circle boy
well no cause she said it afterwards
that's amazing though we don't done all
the tops are different they're not what
they say they are
oh really yeah Chad took them all off
this morning
let's see everyone okay drew your daddy
was amazing it recycle can you draw a
square no can you draw an octagon yeah
yeah wow that's cool you like drawing or
drawing well mommy's drawing Emilia is
instructing hmm Abed don't enjoy your
bed okay Eduardo is
actually I'm gonna turn this kind of an
oi there you go
hey yeah you got your another toy from
up there he got his doggy or teddy bear
teddy bear dinners in the oven and we're
just how do you get it for nine minutes
oh you want to draw two let's draw a bed
absolutely crazy this is our nighttime
routine
Amelia asked for this song like every
night the number one goal god rest her
soul
Oh guys look I got my my license
situation looks like an airport out
there that's actually very well spaced -
huh
look hon this is raining I put them
wrong there as well that's cool
hmm run quickly inside and don't be lazy
ebo vitamin P Inca Navy people but the
VPN canady people but Evan Bianca Navy
video don't be lazy okay we go we see
Tito working for Tito I mean you guys
have seen a Tito visa please let us know
and I Nene thank a navy aroma being in a
vsi CT todo hmm do you know what heat is
DRD toys hey thanks so much for watching
today's video
presentation I hope it was in an
exceptional presentation I hope you
enjoyed it
I hope it made your son a more of a fun
day if you're watching this on it you
may actually watching it on money or
she's a way it's a fine time I don't
know I don't know bacon it oh yes Tito
you're barking now is it just heat right
there I think it's just eat like that I
think Reggie yeah hey yeah okay anyway
let's take a bite to our friends and
we'll go get Tito okay save my friends
yeah okay hey thanks my friends oh yeah
let's go get Tito okay guys we're going
to get Tito see you guys tomorrow thanks
watchin bye
