good morning and welcome to the vlog at
ease Eduardo did you have any food this
morning
uzo uh-huh how was he last night I
didn't wake up as much was he good he
was okay I think that was a big
improvement though cuz in nut job here
came into me at 7 o'clock this morning I
wasn't as normally I won't even asleep
one hour I felt like alright we still
was like it wasn't as bad exactly
I think I hope that we're over the worst
huh but you know we did yesterday we put
mmm
we didn't even put him the swing the
swing is completely obsolete now we put
him in for a second know what we're
doing
he's huge he's a monster
he's actually too big for their like his
legs were over the end and so for me
like for yeah do you want some ready
break like when I go get it for you
media ones right right and I made the
ready back and then I mean I didn't want
the ready breath anymore
after on it and made it so we're hoping
she'll use oh what do you know what's in
ready break I mean she says no thank you
she's always very mannerly and how she
like no thank you
no but thank you what's going on here
did you collect did you go get donkey
friends careful now
she put your boots on herself let's get
going she remember used to always just
have one shoe are you helping oh you're
so good okay inside guys inside ducky
friends is there someone else it's
always one are you often the adventurer
careful is are the spiders in here this
is Spider Central oh what a teddy
mmm are you looking for spiders who
actually actively looks for spiders
spider oh my goodness I see one come on
 Oh spider not that there's
anything to be afraid of okay because I
don't want to instill fear of spiders go
go go go
follow me Leah Remini it's a troop
leader here what Oh
oh my goodness a bunch of dog and a
bunch of workers they're barking mad but
big jump oh Vanessa boy let's go get the
doggies get the guys come on
doggy friends let's go let's go let's go
come on spider on my hands let's fight
on my own mmm is it guy look at this and
they just so cute together
his movies
it's so much fun to have love to thank
you friends who's you've done you got
the poops you want proof people keep
Cindy you got poop suck you put poops in
the stairs come on we gotta clean it up
come on let's go
Scout give me your finger hold a whole
life Inger and slow Oh where's the baby
where is the baby huh are you in bed oh
you put the covers up on everything are
you a baby
are you a baby is it wardo baby or is
Amelia a baby
yeah downstairs
Eduardo sense there's a mommy what do
you say you're a little chatterbox do
you know that you've turned into quite
the chatterbox an elephant to do dude
that's a Delavan says to toot a bear
please sorry here we go these are
guardo's toys who owns these toys hello
me no Eduardo bear all right oh yeah
we're at the petrol station you're going
with Daddy
but we're not actually getting out here
we're just getting petrol look there's
daddy there
he's just putting petrol in the car
Amina's car his daddy's car mommy's car
has cobwebs on it and leaves because
it's never being driven it's so bad I
looked at it the other day and I was
just like oh my god that's probably
rusting away like I don't know when I
eventually get to drive it it'll
probably be like it probably won't start
because I haven't driven in so long
it's really bad Oh Oh babies are crying
oh look a train
is their first time in something a train
in England Wow
bring it up for Bianca alright let's
find a pharmacist even get some my
sister gave me this stuff partita this
is amazing looks like it's like salt or
something isn't it the tea that stuff oh
it's Kevin what is it anyway works like
a charm pharmacy down here bring it in
see you
that makes runner although speed a lot
better he's okay maybe he's over there
oh my god if it's about her to Justin
it's not a rocket salad with olive oil
did you find it
finally you did find it good tea that
this is really cool right people are
saying why didn't we use the syringe
thing we're giving it water is that he's
called you today because the English one
commies with the syringe thing right
that's why it's really cool but the I
record for some reason comes with a
spoon it doesn't come with the syringe
thing I haven't got that in Ireland yet
so we had one a while ago which is often
I think you bought it in one of the
airports and it came the syringe were
like oh my god it's amazing
and then everyone we fought in art and
since then it's come with a little spoon
so now this one comes with a free at
certain key came with it so now we've
got the syringe again
yeah hopefully look I'm packed up
hi I'm going to teething awesome that's
my next car go go go go go go go let's
go mommy this is what we get on our feet
from pretty much we're pretty much do
this now other than no name for a drawer
cos balloon data
it's your plan come on back this way
okay
No
let's go
I know you too well no touchy touches
know your topic
you're a total bitch Bianca music can go
inside because she's very small and
dainty
is that right mrs. smile hey they're my
toys that's not nice
that's not normal now no no skills me
now this is my swing hello have you
excuse why I just want cheese graters on
maple
hmm - that's that kinda treatment hey
how come there's no the box over there
now if we're not just recycle as much as
I said you'll be destroyed - help that's
kinda hell I'm not sure what has
happened here if I just came downstairs
and I I've seen this are you a baby
Amelia are you want your balloons as
well one at all the glamour the style
sophistication like your like your
maneuver you guys look he just carry on
not friends just carry on over here you
mean it's a good spoon place so cute huh
is that tasty in the water like that
yeah the best girl now if you could just
change his nappy and feed him at night
good journal whoa careful
Eduardo it would be it does it right oh
this baby over here is crying it's what
at the same time but yeah probably
probably not
hi-hi-hi okay
Eduardo Guerrero eat your food most of
it sending open the bib try to go so
this is what happens when Jonathan does
the food chopper oh my god
snap pots pots up on how fun Mike did
daddy get that a yes
oh you might to get some sucky what
Jonathan like watch this have to do with
groceries soccer poster art sir look
look at me mark isn't good I don't like
face paint markers pens wood wall what
do you want wrong all of them what else
did you got crazy person one more time
awkward it's just one or two no okay
I like to talk Mike want actual food -
yes chocolate puppy big heinz shakes
did you get my bananas or my blue
brazier
Pam breeze did you get milk great good
job
I know it's here I can see it okay
what's this go for doggies oh oh yeah
but it lets go okay okay
oh it's not like people oh it's not lost
Wow look at oh my goodness huh yeah up a
ruler some paint some crayons a rubber a
pencil sharpener some markers and
pencils oh my goodness I think a
complete art package hey have a pig and
this one look this one has look mr. art
set we can draw if you can draw the
pictures Wow Teaneck we can color them
in huh his neck daddy he's not gonna be
fine
yeah yeah you like that yes yeah I love
you little friend okay cue kisses look
to do you're just drawing the minions
turn yellow paint set get some damage
here
oh yeah now they make a key there
Alyssa gee grown up all right come on
let's go inside
Internet keepers keep what kind of the
day what time do you call this get
upstairs to bed twice
feed my weed hello there everybody and
thank you very much for watching the
video
wait it was only fantastic I will say
didn't make an appearance myself today
no I was awfully busy around the house
oh Jesus and I be falling all over the
place
there's my little friend here no Amelia
whoa you're Denton is marvelous
absolutely lovers right better me off
thanks so much thanks for all the
comments and all the things you'll be
saying about me lately have absolutely
fabulous
now goodbye and God bless Trull ah
