with you which one you want these are
two fancy-pants we kept our fancy-pants
clothes a pink one well uh hold on
it is a bit of a Sunday oh okay so mom
and Eduardo are asleep because Eduardo
is going to some crazy phase lads but
like he eats like a monster never sleeps
like literally I think he might accept
like it was like you might sleep for 20
minutes and any like a pint and the
second I detaches him from said boob he
just cries he picked him up he cried and
he cries he's find her in the day he's
off he's having loves night time Jarrod
demonstrated a he leave and go for a nap
for an hour so okay no sleeping this is
big went on for like a week now cry it
out method like it kinda works you know
we were able to do that stuff with
Amelia but he cries it out he wakes her
up at nighttime and then I've got two
kids away and that's that's a little
problem so what can we do - crying I
think so much and if I can even see
Zanna so we're trying stuff like I think
you might be able to smell the breast
milk so we're like if he goes and
stepper bad I don't know - but like it
is insane oh my goodness like exhausted
to the max like every time every time
you reach a sort of a state of like wow
we have both of them organized one of
them goes and changes hmm
I can mean yeah she goes she sort of at
that sort of dropping nap stage almost
now and then he's got his don't sleep at
night at all now anyway we'll go to the
playground so mommy and Eduardo can't
sleep because he tends to sleep in the
morning so I'm gonna leave them sleep as
long as possible
oh this is what that II can operation
well kind of daddy any media what please
back okay because mommy like things to
be organized
should we get a bow okay and toes knees
and toes head shoulders knees and toes
knees and toes and eyes and ears and
nose and mouth one of these is full of
bows oh this one okay pick one pick one
um and then one way I don't know I like
color what color do you like you like
this this is a fun one the yellow one
yeah hey Janos nice and gonna pop of
color what do you think okay but you
just I don't that's not being very
constructive okay come on pick what
we're the playground or at the park
first have to walk through the park for
us to gather the exercise before the
funny oh did I use have those poops
Thank You booth what's that what's that
right
let's go let's go enter enter at your
own risk
Oh careful making sandcastles said the
Sun is very fluffy so I don't know how
much of a Sun pastor it's gonna make
okay we try it I just I'm not sure okay
ready
you got a pot it planet okay let's see
ready
oh it's not gonna work can you get the
good sandwich
the safest thing for the roof this is
now I don't know if I'd want to stay in
here I'm in the galley of the ship the
ship French hmm you making sandcastles
I'm gonna make more do you like the
swing we get a swing at home for you
what's your shoe don't kick your shoe
can you kick yours you did you get this
here you reach it you're gonna have so
much fun when your brother's older or
maybe she can push it wardo in the swing
would that be more fun you can be the
one causing all the trouble
swings higher I'll go to the park with a
deal danger bridge huh Oh double
stepping nice it's taken danger through
nuts level you did well though like a
circus act there's something French
born no way the fan chestnuts hmm
you can play conkers we drill a hole and
it gets some rope you could play conkers
and all the other kids huh oh I guess
not nearly this for Eduardo you need
wide open they converse together for
chestnut hunting well I think I'm
Chester hunting and amelia is just
wandering around does that mean look a
fresh one an unopened one Wow okay are
you doing a catch-and-release you know
friendly towards the converse she's in
the catch and release program you know
you can eat that you can roast it and
you can eat it you want to eat it you
can't eat it now we have to cook it
first you want to cook it in your oven
do you want it for lunch
you know chestnut for lunch you only you
to chestnut for lunch
no you gonna put it back oh it's an
unopened one inside here look watching
inside here it's a chestnut
you got to nuts dude chestnuts it's a
fresh one
you embrace once it's big isn't it we
try and find a bigger one come on let's
go see if we can find big ones huh I
mean yeah I mean Lea climbed her first
Street huh huh you climb your first tree
you're gonna bump up what a spider the
big spider
no no little man that never sleeps with
me is it autumn has all them come upon
us nice our doggie poops
did you yeah we tried to kick up the bag
a polenta new word oops we're making a
fun intro I event you know area you know
what I love right Anna's little drawings
that she always does right so I've been
taking racking my brain for ages of what
kind of an intro can we do for a new one
and I love these little designs so I was
like oh my god so Anna's gonna create
all the little people she's gonna draw
the little people for an old-school
intro here lads
then throttle people gonna animate and
new intro it probably isn't up already I
don't know maybe this I guess but ask
there is new intro coming soon and it's
gonna be like totally retro it's gonna
be like a craft it's gonna be like
parenting one we were like parents
making a homemade school project and
maybe every year I'm elated part of
making an intro master
school project we're also working Melb
do something
no no I didn't know her no I mean not
all I remember I heard she was any
marketer condoms hmm Jesus girl you
there you there no running no running
all right so Eduardo it's getting his
first drugging we're drugging up our
child plan was getting medicine yeah
he's getting really bad teething huh
he's like screaming and biting we
actually see them they're all in the
bottom of their person yeah tell it
wardo this good stuff do you like this
do you like Kappa well Amelia gets a
syringe nowadays you like that oh you
don't like that yeah you do do I know
it's pink pink medicine medicine okay
well that's the white spoon the medicine
is you want them you aren't getting
anyway little a little bit that is for
okay you ready wait that's trying to
spill this everywhere we've already
started feeling really bad I'll do my
best okay ready
ah open oh wow
any pop okay I mean let me get it here
it's medicine yeah it's on the couch I
know oh how do you mean it and you made
a mess what do you think you lost you
lost a certain amount of it
Oh medicine you want some no smell it
smell it yeah now let's tasty mm-hmm
tell mom it'll be okay okay get it get
it get it clean it up can I meet let me
just take over there
so I get why this is the demo there's no
water way you feel better already
so when we're in Peppa Pig why I'm
pretty sure we got a Suzy sheep well
Suzy unfortunately they never came home
so she never came home well she came
home but she uh she didn't make it
inside the house so we're on the lookout
for Suzy sheep all right
oh well sure we never took the bag so
old bag look we never took the flag get
a puppy girl oh my goodness I mean is
going to get it is I'm also just taking
the books out of it oh my goodness oh
yeah this is the birthday that just
keeps on giving
I mean yeah I mean yeah you ready ready
what's this huh she's not that
interested okay
huh no she's not that interest you want
the toy what else did we get bad Suzy
sheep but you're inside to the rest of
them come on introducer
well I'm very nervous now to me Chef
report yes I'm very nervous completely I
don't know where you introduce me to
everybody what did you introduce me now
here's everybody Oh jeepers there are
pigs there's a zebra there now hello
hello I'm George you're gonna introduce
me to everybody else you've got quite a
lot of peppers in there
and away from me that night grandpa just
Emilia 7,000,000 what you want to go to
bed you want to go to bed
are you tired that's what you get for
waking up so early every morning hmm
why do you wake up to her every morning
you did a peopie's oh no Emily did a
peepees
you want to go to bed okay say bye
friends as you guys tomorrow take switch
watchin our Sundays snoozefest bye
