good morning and welcome to the Internet
to
internets say can you say Internet hola
can you say YouTube well you can use a
Internet video experience Indian video
experience and you say hi friends
hi friends and say thanks for watching
row row row row row row row
we're just chilling on the couch with
couch potatoes you and I
mr. potatoes hanging around your friend
and mine happy all the time yes dhurpa
Dino's hanging around
although watch Anna editing the video
for watching Ben and Holly be in Italy
Holly Ben and the Holly how's Ben and
Holly really touch the Holly Ben and
Paul do you like to watch a man at home
you're never gonna guess what I'm doing
right now ah just a signed the form the
form of consent
this is what I'm getting down here like
this heart and then maybe this bird
there may be some wings maybe just no
good snow glory having a shave just one
this is Amelia's arm he's getting this
arm duardo got theater arm I just
figured he's a media she came first so
she gets the star side torture gets the
message that this is the temporary
version like you think yeah it's cool I
just looked a little star as much bigger
stars that's it done
that's quick this is way more painful
look here and the wires down there but
it looks cool open me down like this the
media from the feature if you're
watching this with the pain I'm
suffering for you we're just we're just
saying that Eduardo Jonathan is going to
get around which is a way longer name
than immediate all Messina oh no we just
call them add John Oh or something EJ be
good
ah always bought the wrong I saw that my
program once well subscribe
Kulik Miglia
what do you guys think now for Eduardo
hold on it's really it's been a while
like it's been I don't know it's been a
couple years since I am I got it that
done so it's kind of like sitting there
I'm like I remember it once or but I
couldn't remember how sore was like I
was like oh yeah
oh yeah that's the one that's the one
we're talking about that's the pain I
remember what it's done now awesome
let's go home and see you media likes it
oh my goodness
this is huh look she's upset she thinks
don't hurt so it's Bianca's like why
didn't you get that where's my name
movie where's my name day they write my
name on your bum wardo concern like how
extremely painful but yeah it's okay
that is okay daddy got look it says
Amelia
Thomasina and that says Edward Oh
Jonathan
it's Amelia's name and that one's
Eduardo's name weirdos name guardo's
looks bloodier I'm glad I didn't go for
immediate Thomasina saucony Jolie why
would you yeah I'm very thankful eyes
show Eduardo his name look if we're to
look Hey wardo she's like um yeah this
one the blood straight in a lot so it's
not scary it's more scary no no none
he's okay he just has cling film arms
killer
thank you circling fill them out oh wow
is it Judy Campbell boy next mm-hmm
Nevaeh is getting an L V of her arm yeah
we're having some lunch while daddy is
at the shop and emedia is a bit scared
aren't you are you a bit scared of daddy
there's a fly it's flying around it's
fine yeah it's flying around Amelia but
now you've got a pink spoon so don't
judge what do you think of that I think
he likes that yeah doesn't he
it's quite nice isn't it
Amelia is eating cheese yeah your dog
has I showed your dog house before look
it right on mmm and why do an immediate
are in bed where's grandpa
he's just collapsed on the floor what
what's wrong
oh the fly is gonna eat your bagel
that's because you didn't eat it so the
fly came flying I'm sure he won't eat
Amelia
he's gonna eat your bagel well then you
better eat it okay to fly yeah okay he's
gonna eat your lunch
not good wine was eating his lunch he
loves Karan's oh yeah he ate breakfast -
yeah he's hungry
ya ain't gonna be cool he's gonna eat
your bagel he's on your chair right now
well why don't you go over to him and
say - go away he's gone he's gone away
now you better eat your bagel
come on eat your bagel before the flight
comes just one piece just one piece good
girl
yay good girl Mia one piece good girl
whoo one piece look at why no Amelia is
a big girl eating a bagel
not cool yeah that's really cool these
things have to do to make a media eat we
have trained Amelia very well Dada Dada
Dada
any dance dance that's so funny which
one is that is that there Oh camera
around you guys hello my name is caramel
Brady hello nice to sweet you speak -
nice all right I have them covers are
off them I had a shower and now I have
like it's just like pseudo cronuts a
kind of like a pseudo cream stuff it's
on that it's on both of them let's go
build some furniture
I feel like building furniture I'm a
real man huh getting up in the morning a
couple of tattoos on buying a home bills
and furniture that's my Saturday my yeah
collects
you watchin you watchin daddy bills
huh
figured us working together taking us
working together huh it's coming out
pretty what I see oh yes
like you could do too and then you
bookshelves only we have for it really
yeah and I do - for onit's much neater
yeah and the character guidelines to the
couch looks that was like totally by
accident we figured that out and now it
works really well though it looks much
nicer cool and I think we need a
bookshelf or something for over here we
could try and get rid of the pink ones
yeah the kind of don't worry go or we
could move downstairs to the playroom we
have so many plans in our in our fake
life I wrote her imaginary life oh this
one sorry I need to move to Hoover ah
that's really good over there in that
crazy look Anna our invitation that you
designed suits the house that we were
gonna live in three years after you got
married she knows
nagi all right this is what we're up to
now we're having a productive day today
lads all right Albie is my assistant hi
Ali
so this thing is gonna run along here
did you nice it's got glass and stuff
it's gonna look cool cool oohs all right
decent valence tada
that looks cool in it smells nice in it
two stacks of boxes huh what do you
think huh Wow you like it if you like
that is table it is always fascinating
whenever I'm building something our pick
swing to it oh the lovely silhouette of
our great-grandmother from the Victorian
tiny it's not as nice as you know the
picture in our bedroom under window
selfie I like that family the family of
stock models yeah yeah that's for Sofia
months ago for her maybe next year we'll
go visit her and we'll give her a
message you wanted you why do it you
want to judge let's get some juice let's
get some juice let's get some juice what
kind of juice do you want what kind of
juice to you learn what color we have
orange green yellow and red this one all
right ease what want me to open it as
well my goodness your splits rocking if
you have yeah and you know today we're
singing that and we're reading new
comments unlock the am the the cream and
stuff is dried in a little bit so you
can kind of read it out more and you can
see it I need around Eduardo Eduardo
Jonathan Brian and immediate uh Messina
let's go she's not afraid anymore this
is a clean camp didn't like
ba-bow happy an you know and you're even
gonna show him you're happy and you know
it say I love Alby wow wow wow
this that's familiar on today I got the
man to do it
oh I drew a picture blanket do you want
to get one here in a gallon yeah no no a
different one waffle would you want to
get a daddy one no yeah you like that
ease one do you like it yeah yeah oh
yeah you can touch it hey Jess what
about what about Eduardo's one a leg
away
yeah it's Eduardo's one a me breaking my
Melia Thomasina is this one you gonna
run around yeah we can we could make one
up for you though it ain't no batch what
a box you're standing on a box why are
you standing in a box are you running in
a box
uh-huh so hop then Oh what okay does
that take home is that ticker your house
a chicken using media how she tickles oh
no you operate on sitacles did you stash
we should not get you excited before
bedtime okay you shouldn't get you
excited before bedtime mini jolly is
that mini jolly o mean you re right drop
oh what's that
Hey who's that van key blankie Blanco
Blanco no no no no no no no no no no
okay
taking us your friends say bye friends
see you guys tomorrow
oh hi there look at listen a little
bicycle or bicycle in ha and brag and
hey you son you say the media Eduardo
hey mamas very white in this ends late
I'm very colorful actually that's from
like a long long blue
what's a pinky you guys leave comments
and try and have a we're pinkies hum you
want ham and binky
what's a dinky yeah what's a pinky
what's a pinky I'll go good
alright thanks for watching today's
episode you want pinky I'm trying to
figure out what pinky is as soon as I
figure out punky is I'll be able to put
pinky on a pinky please
okay well it's something on the iPad
lads hmm
it's an on YouTube is it a video it's
video copic what's this is that it no no
that's that's not it
calm down and at all it won't pause
thanks for watching today's episode I'll
see you hey see see my friends thanks
right
