hey guys welcome to today's video
what's happening mean they're having the
laws then here this morning sure we
spend all our presents oh my god she
would not sleep last night you so this
is the greatest gift immediate ever
everything should stick addicted to it
sorry sorry didn't fall off I apologize
right I don't you know what these are
now they're like ah they're stickers but
they don't seem to work it's like I'm
trying to break the sticker part off and
it doesn't sit Oh temporary tattoos
oh no wife a Hello Kitty tattoo on my
head what's still in the papers all
right oh my god imagine a Hello Kitty
sent my hair huh mm-hmm
it's your birthday tomorrow media Wow
nice Oh me send you them could stick it
all over itself
ah noses from the dogs yeah little uh no
those knuckles
chuckle me we keep all of the stickers
on the exerciser huh I'm just quitting
the mine hard oh yeah almost
- and how old is it wide oh I know he
flops over occasionally but hey mm-hmm
look at how blonde he is Jonathan look
do you see how blonde he is come with
you
he's way blonder than then really at
like Amelia I wasn't like that
Mia I was always this beautiful dark
color and he was dark when he came out
but he's getting lighter whoa justice
well it's new visa not Albie I'll be
like Oh was it a fight one thing yeah
she started doing that when she was 5
months yeah
how old is it white Oh tell me how old
it is
how old one
good girl today we're dining on apples
and strawberries and who doesn't like
apples and strawberries don't try it
I'm gonna try it everyone's right try to
put your bite oh look at you you can sit
up yourself you can eat your food
yourself
ah
ah I'm gonna get ya actually smells
really good but wouldn't it smells like
like gamma crumble or something
hi hey no we are no he keeps waking up
and policies now it's calling now he
keeps waking up among the sleep so long
as he keeps eating
I'll keep shoveling it in let's go what
we have to go get the doggies there
Lincoln awful ruckus is a raucous makers
come up awful ruckus makers raucous
darkies hi to you feels an offense do
don't eat the plants this pretty soon
cage
what did it Dumpty see her their peepees
outside ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum
ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum
ba-bum ba-bum yeah you look so cute did
wear those hats but it looks plenty any
media okay you teddy bear
put it put it oh you got it look green
stuff in your hair he looked funny
friend what do you want or do you want a
little scandal like this so cute all
aboard
hey my olive oil that's not a good start
that's not a good start that's not a
good start
guard is gonna get a shot he's already
upset and send a good start to the shop
situation
no more Kapolei door give it a chase
Playa door oh that's a nice soothing
sound I love the sound of a crying baby
they should make a nap soundtrack you're
crying baby soundtrack I like this one I
like different age groups of the
different crying and different levels of
upsetness so star how I wonder what you
are there's nothing good twinkles are
you ready to go
this actually worked out well though she
stays asleep we're buying her birthday
cake slice you see how well she spots
like margarine sugar flowers like wait a
second wait a second should do the mats
in her head like this is my birthday
present
hey nice double stroller my double
stroller like that hey you don't say you
don't have to give a ten deposit
essentially you can just take these ones
home what is that cool which one's cool
this one marshmallows on top of a
chocolate icing that's cool apparently
is exactly exactly she's like oh no very
situation crusty a jack button good and
he disappear back in a home in your city
with no kids and you're married you're
like young and single just now versus
their PlayStation have fun in life all
back aboard so we're just talking about
our imaginary life any other parents out
there have imaginary lives that you live
imaginarily you don't actually live them
in your real life
because you're like you know in my my
jury life we went to like a lovely
garden center today we got really trees
for a front of the house is amazing you
know the soul just so many things I do
in my imaginary life unfortunately in
this particular life that you guys tune
into every day I would just do nothing
nothing this happens yeah all right oh
yeah we bought her a little toy this
that's the price of freedom folks that's
the price it's worth this if two
sleeping children child a child II
the real trick lads kids asleep well put
him into bed
teenagers lots more
let's build this thing okay this is my
bench this is my workbench
Thank You stalker for being my workbench
so this is from Eduardo to Amelia this
is part of the media's present OHS
they're okay they don't need to be built
this water rubber does need to be built
so we're strong yeah all right mate and
you guys first rally or well it could be
from the UK office this was tried I tell
you what it is no I'm not gonna tell you
what it is you guys can watch tomorrow
or probably more than writers on
Instagram
yeah probably more money there's an
Instagram Instagram alone
you can check checks up warning wait
wait hi hi there my split you just let
him order to it got really excited could
be the thing oh hi there what why don't
you get a mouse did you show it to art
on your mouse it Steele getting your
mouse key old house the stuff we got
from Harrods totally forgot like we've
actually bought her like pudding so
family like way overboard what your do
we see you see you what are you holding
yet she does that whenever a ballet so
much I don't know why these for is your
shoot like I don't really wanted to wear
inside just know their flats yeah
they're like little moccasins I suppose
she could wear them file cuz they're
actually yeah yeah I know defo Ali
readies good
whose birthday is out for it
yeah yeah you're gonna eat your cake are
we gonna make it chocolate yeah
chocolate one okay let's see I'm going
to just start she won't see the final
product until tomorrow but I thought I
would just one whose birthday is it
tomorrow
it's Amelia's birthday tomorrow so Mommy
has to get started with making your cake
it's gonna be a big cupcake I decided to
go with chocolate everything because God
knows me I loves chocolate so I know
she'll eat it if it's chocolate and I
don't I think I've kind of given up on
the whole me man's idea Wow yeah good
girl just mix that in like you're baking
your own birthday cake how terrible good
girl what are we doing now we're mixing
but we don't touch it right
you don't touch it because it's very
dangerous
I faked out out yeah I think you out
it hurts yeah it hurts a lot
hi hi hi
he was upset than the noise of this made
him okay again but I think you just do
that call for attention may be honest
did you have any chopper yeah any
chocolate is it how to make a birthday
cake by immediate Thomasina she was so
clear she wanted like I I do it I do it
I do it her owner present is about 90%
done as that said working on her oh so
we're at we're balancing it all folks
during agretti in eight minutes so i go
wash your hands set the table for a
feast thank you very much huh take it if
I was just gonna look this is the dog
food oh he is like me shot me Jean
Maltese is not so cool though royal
canin through all the different dog
foods for the different dogs three homes
by the one for the Maltese that's their
food that's your favorite food guys
designed Oh Tito ah tea delicious bass
tutti delicious for you babe I was
thinking of an estate book because it is
been a week since uh since we've been
home Oh zero no oh hey you lot today
pretty good going that's because I
actually what we're gonna find out a
minute okay so since you've been home
today we're home one week right and
we've actually been tracking our fit
book power make them kiss we've actually
been tracking these for a week right and
we're gonna see when I check every
single day right
um he's serious down at Hsu tonight
hasn't need to work on that alright so
let's go to the history thing right
what's good to go from this week first
and we go back so on Monday I did 12,000
Oh beautiful tears work Wow I think I
went into bite that thing Oh
mmm Tuesday I did five has used six
times
that's because we drove in the London on
the wrong today you're at nine I'm at
eight okay so we scooter across and
we'll go back to okay so here we go from
Wednesday when we got home so what's one
saying there ten thousand eight thousand
boom egde tirtha you did seven thousand
Percy I did nine hasn't with a thousand
aerobics yeah look at the photos when I
see the dancing when Amelia yeah why is
mine aerobic there Oh what did you do I
showed you on Friday
did you like Viking the headers I don't
know maybe vacuuming in is anaerobic
it's before yeah I got eight IVs you did
not you destroyed me on Friday Saturday
seven thousand Saturday nine thousand
where you going with that don't this
look at her disconnecting how many
calories you today 285 360 even though I
did last ting YZ Mentos weird weird
that's it folks
yeah this kind of how many steps you do
yeah it's crazy to think that you did
something that day that was uh neuro
it's cool that the day that we were in
the car all day you got to see the crazy
deficit looking at on Tuesday we went to
London we spent five hours in the car
look I mean you're five thousand steps
and mental men totally is my friend to
chop all right guys do you wanna want to
see a sneak peak had a media's president
oh no it's turned the way and you can
guess when we turn that way Africa okay
hold on a second we turn it around your
this Tito boom boom boom leave a comment
below and have your guess to what this
could possibly be
boom boom boom boom boom quitter bum bum
bum bum bum bum
she's gonna love it get out of town get
out of town huh are you beating me are
you being me are you beating me
you being realistic should be me Oh OOP
compared to me know what's gonna happen
when you wake up tomorrow morning
BAM is gone
Mama's gone we're in Nevada my mom there
for a while then I it's gonna happen 12
birthday happy birthday to you happy
birthday to ya beeper ya happy
let's see you guys tomorrow
fermius birthday party it's gonna be the
best episode ever
haha thanks so much for watching a
downside guys okay I'm pooped
I'm essentially a pile of poop hmm don't
walk on me do not walk on your father
you know oh my you are you are over baby
you are even your doctor evil doctor
even say bye friends oh wow you're so
cute
see you everybody
