you won't be able to go back maybe
really good in a white bread ham
sandwich put these in it think I don't
know why you put ham in your crisp
sandwich would you put ham in a crisp
sandwich no no no water you're gonna
have to leave it's not gonna work
it's not gonna work now get someone else
in here
good morning Alessia and welcome to
Saturday here I'm Tony Jones mean let's
you just hanging out hanging out quite a
Christmas tree huh this is your first
time ever seeing a Christmas tree yeah I
know you saw it in reception last night
but like literally this is the first
time you already seen the Christmas tree
do you understand what a Christmas tree
is oh hi hi hey so that's he gotten lots
and lots of nice things from the
Westbury you've got a little tired here
hmm
look when I am big you are being you got
oh they're so cute aren't they
and it turned out guys said this was not
for me Edoardo banana huh hmm reduce the
barrier twins you and me hmm
means you were gonna court today yeah
unless it's going to Ole Miss house
today
oh wait a second I don't think you've
ever been to Omaha
oh my goodness it's your first time
gonna alma says yeah cuz this is her
second time in our the first time she's
in Ireland remember my grandmother's
funeral a couple of months back we had
to fly over the last year and we just
went to Dublin and for a couple hours
the head of the funeral but this is your
first time gonna almost as first time in
Cork it was your first time
Belfast this there's a lot of firsts
happening today for you huh you're gonna
love all my says she's got lots of cats
have you ever seen a cash I don't know
not up close what
she's gonna think almost dogs are weird
I also love when there's an espresso in
the room trying to put the touches on
the old log before we go so you guys can
have another video today I didn't think
I was gonna get it up for a stay up last
night because I wanted you guys to have
a nice video licking Alessia oh my
goodness it's really everywhere so far
in tour I put her in some sort of board
room or some sort of big bed just you
and me mate
a little of adventure okay we're just
you and me having the time of our lives
ah these are memories you need to have
when you're watching you won't remember
these times but you can watch like these
videos and just know you and Dad went on
tour together and we had a great time
mom tried to poison listen you should
watch a tutorial oh my goodness offend
another giant thing for the less yarn
look at you you need a giant chair what
Hey look so funny lucky - you got a chip
job they had the same chair do we have
at home thank you look at the view ah
look at jack wheels guys I am on target
with me Jack wheels as Dublin city in
Dublin very edgy move the girls are so
pretty
maybe I don't know he's around here
somewhere
well let us go let us go to County Clerk
the county cards
oh my goodness guys left another
Christmas tree this place is so
Christmassy
I feel so crazy to see ya course yeah
what do you think what do you think
good that'd be fun I mean I did actually
sorry go to sleep
why spicy didn't work Oh friends are in
casual classic casual how many times
this place been in the old bugs over
here's a new angle resi has had enough
to drive this you work together have a
poo there's a horse over there
look no horsey when we good we used to
get mcdonalds and park that in there and
feed the dogs those are the days
those are today it's a simpler time
that's simpler time you come here before
you're even an idea we saw yeah I
thought you blew my muffin how did you
yeah
helical you get that everything are you
and we're here in Cork we're gonna meet
and greet in a oh my head oh no we're
dropping Alessi off oh he can have a
little bad lads a little badge and a
little song there is my little angel
there is my little fella there is that
there's a guardo the original eduarda
the first Eduardo the second
Eduardo deterred never know you never
know that's right iPhone unless your
first time in alma's house yeah I know
there's lots of books to read mm-hmm
she might be a bit hungry down there
welcome to the cat she's never seen cats
before are you getting my fencing yeah
you can see it is it nice so did you
just like yeah we just came in we just
dropped her off
well I'm fluent about fast I say yeah I
know
I don't fit like you feel afraid you
have fun and we're here friends we are
in Cork City it is the custom size when
one customer says to the other our City
Hall we're in Belfast City Hall last
night the City Hall's horse shower going
friends for treat like know could they
have put here they show crisps Anne's
Dairy Milk what are you thinking I
compared to any real case if you have it
changes the game you won't be able to go
back maybe really good in a white bread
ham sandwich put these in there okay I
don't know why you put ham in your crisp
sandwich would you put ham in a crisp
sandwich yeah you're gonna have to leave
it's not gonna work it's not gonna work
now get someone else in here
and we are finished in Cork the rebel
County is gone lads all these little
things we are heading back to the Big
Smoke as they say
so uh this this store is all right like
it's the best do the course people were
fantastic more Diana McGinnis a good
picture the kids here at home look at
all Erika looks or oh my car
Amelia she seriously it's just the angle
I think it just makes it look so like
here something at all we are in oh man -
oh man says okay remember hello it s
here did you enjoy your first day in
almost house is the lol doll's house a
pile enough oh yeah oh my goodness but
that looks really cool my god no thanks
I know I know I don't like pumpkins
other than like putting them out there's
one outside on the phone I saw the moldy
one outside
he's got some fireworks take care of
that
did you have fun today do you have fun
today
back to Dublin we're back in yeah
you cold do you have a nice Drive yeah
it's time for a nice cuddly back wait
wait for it where else wait for one else
huh right we are having food and left we
came across it's the white boosters I'm
so rude it's my printer I'm a bit red in
our redness we got some food guys
I seem to appear to have gotten all of
the food would you get how does that
give me everything on the side look at E
so they got chili on them so good this
way you need guys after an awesome day
and tomorrow is Dublin guys keep getting
out of focus
- right now look at this little dessert
selection I got it's got my little
snowman asleep
it's so cute look at this little fella
here can you eat that glass so you can
try it I think first it's got a crack in
it
anything us or something
did you guys get Baked Alaska
oh you got the mushroom laughs Lauren
we're down one oh my goodness guys look
at this Oh Christmas team you have set
up here yeah this fella here hello I'm
mr. Christmas man look at the drill know
me fellas
my goodness we're saying goodbye to
everybody we should get a Christmas tree
like that with a little men on it
what it's a bit too big
christmas has begun eye-feeling break
have you got a Christmas tree in the Hat
in the hotel and then we fell asleep
friends and it is the next day and I am
Ruth but we are going to Dublin now over
in Dublin right now with them right now
it is yeah this cool hotel room anyway
I'm gonna go get some breakfast and then
we're gonna go and meet on show and
friends how exciting
individual saying goodbye Holly House
click on subscribe and watch us log your
life have the best day of your you did
your hand
