where are you Oh what rake the word is
awake where does it wake everybody who
is awake woman where does awake and why
does awake boo boo boo boo boo are you
in a tent
you got it where those toys hello little
man hello little man you say that hello
little man really really what did she
have two shoes on it's the shoes yeah
yeah yeah like real they were like long
short yeah yeah I thought that should
fit this morning like a usual crazy hour
in the morning five little monkeys
jumping on the bed and mama call a
doctor
no more ha ha it's so cute
Oh Amelia that's lovely
what do you got going on there seriously
here it boobs that big no way holy crap
look it's one of those oh that makes
your boobs look bigger I don't need them
anymore that hence whether in the
co-sleep hi
hey boss hey boss three kids three kids
daddy just naturally are ginormous yeah
like milk that's why they're all sorted
alright Amelia come on meet the practice
so today guys we are going we're trying
to figure out we weren't gonna talk
about it as he wasn't sure whether or
not the tongue order but we're going to
be very limited amount of attention
brought to this okay this is one of
those things that we wanted Melia to do
but you know I don't want to draw any
attention to it anyway amelia is joining
ballet today
and today is day 1 of ballet school so
we're not going to film any footage of
the classes or anything like that I know
it'll be so amazing
he's gonna be so cool we have her little
uniform and stuff for like we're trying
to get her used to the idea that you
know we're gonna be there but you know
we're gonna be at the sidelines and
she's gonna be in a class but all these
other kids and a teacher so we're like
Mia come on practicing
so come on media nope get out of there
get out there okay I'm gonna pretend to
be the teacher Amelia now we must do
Harper let's come along child
come along child okay now okay now I
want you to do it well like mommy mommy
will show you now oh oh that's very
advanced now come along young lady do it
well do it well know what work why
doesn't it do it world she's getting hot
shot first I know that was my point to
put in a voice out yeah yeah okay wait
give it oh nice walking under just put
your toe good girl okay now walk in your
toes yeah no okay yeah look good nice
so that is going in yeah hi it's been my
dream I wasn't allowed to ballet so I'm
just gonna do it now yeah like Siamese I
made it back in the horse lets you know
when you haven't actually done something
I have it's been two weeks there Padre
it's been two weeks since my last
confession Thursday it's been two weeks
since uh since I've been out on the
bicycle hello
mirror whoa whoa whoa I'm a totally bad
idea seriously it's been two weeks but
like all that work that we did is kind
of funny because when I was you know I
work out stuff you know I was like you
don't really see much of an actual
difference as you're going along right
but then it sort of slowly cut up me and
then I woke up on Turner hall and I was
like what when did that happen
look at me huh slim on my gym oh sure
that happens when you don't do for a
while you guys hear me do any for lunch
tunes going on here sons I'm a back pack
it's routine so doesn't it hey normally
I'd go on up to Box Hill and around but
unfortunately today Amina actually got a
school haha and the dogs going to the
groomers in about an hour so I don't
have time but Wow
trying to avoid the poops and so cool
isn't it that's the reward for coming up
here oh I might need a second hand what
are you doing
- - you go ballet you and Eduardo you
stay there don't stay with mommy
stay with mommy no no no no no you stay
with mommy return to sender load up your
friends it's only three today this is
the best way we could do it it's an
emergency situation an emergency haircut
okay don't be alarmed and they're
probably thinking what the hell is going
on don't be alarmed Amelia come on ah
come on we've gotta go the waters teddy
bears come on hi there hi mommy all
right Marie let's go let's go
I know it's not right we're at the doggy
place everyone's gone ahead
Amelia's running after Anna I'm bringing
the duardo it's a good name everyone in
the car to act immobilize me mobilize to
choose I'm a preteen to tune commander
Sisko reset it when I said that maybe
next time to deal with oxygen together
we got to the post office finally to get
this up and look what we got we got this
like totally pointless book this book is
so pointless seriously
you wrote a personal message it's
amazing oh my god I got out Facebook
don't let me see the Mon I was a Oh
didn't say like to me or something like
that
no yeah well why was I mentioned in this
book it was to add your picture you can
put um Amelia or Eduardo's passport oh
yeah we stick it out there awkward huh
it's cool it is cool we should try and
do some of the things
oh look where I'd like to go cool look
look ardent it's a bit of a squishy
ardent well we could just like mark that
one off what's this one here does anyone
live there oh okay
it leaves like right in the crease what
great why did you crease Italy Alfie
jeez and the other thing was part
as friends negotiator work one part of
me today it's the family one oh don't
you Amelia
oh yeah yeah okay let's get some lunch
what time we got oh it's that time
hardly any time our day any time what
time school that was that point Amelia
was it oh you got a note is that for
Amelia
oh not fredwardo what did you do did you
do jumping and dancing I'm going good
deal huh how I got attack that was fun
now did you go to that high school did
you like it
you practicing keto come on let's go hi
Madge me on the entry dance oh what a
life that would be like chalk your
bakery Chuck Hill bakery
hey whoa can I have this though okay put
that there
uh-huh did you have fun dancing what
kind of dances did you do oh it's all
right Minnie I got juice me too - so
today's menu we have and I think it's
mango and something else cereal like
porridge
baby cereal yesterday he ate a whole
banana and today he was like he just I
don't oh my god owe me one child
Congress feeding the otter has been like
no it's because you didn't put the straw
in right you're supposed to shove this
drawdown I'm tired
Jana thinks that the invention of this
thing is to put this in you know I don't
- baby yeah obviously but when you have
small children you put the thing in to
normal
yes there's small Joe doesn't Jonathan's
shirt look nice
what's his face he's so like looking for
it it's so cute he loves food and I was
eating my sandwich earlier and he's just
like he stopped feeding on my boob and
he just looked up who's like yeah they
kept reaching out for it I was like oh
boy you actually realize you know like
human like they're the same species but
that gender difference is like they're
like totally different it's a whole new
game everything is different about their
yeah bro they're everything I'm sick
normally yeah exactly me what was that
oh yeah he's a hungry hippo people say
that she was she was a trouble your baby
I think she just had trouble your cheeks
because he's pretty much the same size
but her cheeks were just really chubby
she basically wanted to just feed
herself whatever she wanted and she's
gotten progressively fuzzier as time has
gone on now she doesn't like Sam I'm
work haha mad no more hat more huh
that's it it's been the salvation of
like oh you used to love have that was
one of the things that you love even
staying home as well yeah you're just
like everything oh oh oh I sound like to
you oh my god he's gonna finish I was
like that I was here as well you know I
really like 20 nato's and just like you
know anything just like big food just
like yeah but I wasn't Fossey that's why
I don't understand why she gets that
from
I may have a little bit of a faux pas to
me because I I was brought up on Carla
Shepherd pie that was it for 20 years
but like Amelia I literally won't touch
certain things if they love a certain
way or if they've touched some earth
doesn't like the cop that's the exact
same thing isn't it I'm good our cooks I
know you're good kisser oh okay Oh balls
are we getting a doggie friends hope
Elia
she says TOS voice who I really uh TTS
voice do it Oh No behind is it hell yeah
hello everybody
can't get Navy all right I'm gonna go
get our ducky friends Oh such a
beautiful sunny day today lads yeah okay
let's go see our donkey friends they
live on a farm
oh just a wife just horse a white horse
maybe it's Tonto no way Tonto wasn't it
what is it
hi-ho silver silver no movies and that's
what our dogs are supposed to look like
if you've only joined us recently they
just look weird
no that's what I dogs actually look like
I'm gonna miss you because yeah well you
can take all of them okay look what's
going on here in the car we're having
like a car party there's Cena
there's lb there's Newby Oh who's that
Eduardo and immediate Oh leave Eduardo
is beep you sleeping okay good girl
don't wake it why I don't but you can
show new v's your car you showing new
are you gonna tell new views and a B and
C now that your ballet school didn't you
go to ballet today
dogs yeah you yellow bow very good and
Oh Janelle bigot a fool who's driving
Daddy's car sweet driving daddy's car is
it media Oh media is driving the car my
apologies my driving the car Danny money
what else you gonna do driving a car hey
you got money hmm
Oh down here drive oops don't touch
money it's dirty now I don't know if you
guys are gonna be able to tell the
difference between the dogs that are
clean-cut and the dogs that have yet to
be groomed is a huge difference oh my
God look she looks like a sheep can you
keep them son look at him he's like it's
like a big sheep compared to him that's
teen Ella she looks tiny
I know hey hello so - Evan they do if
y'all taking care of tomorrow all right
all aboard we've come to the end of
video - I know I know we're very sad a
better coming today in a video but
that's what happens did you enjoy your
ballet class how does it feel like to be
a school girl big tears
mommy's painting her nails yeah did you
get any homework in Pink's pink homework
no you're not involved in this
conversation get out of here
thanks so much for watching this video
guys it means a lot to us it means out
to every single one of us at Waimea
obsessed with painting nails right now
you wanna paint daddy tails well daddy
paint his nails oh hey
as you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
don't forget to like the video leave
nice comments and see you later and
don't be hmm
fight
