this is what happens in Jonathan dresses
Eduardo oh I was gonna film his face
today so Eduardo has made a few changes
to his luck you're supposed to fold it
down I did all of them well you're not
supposed to fold it so that you can see
that no no let me do it pretty boy or no
girl is it white oh pretty socks
somebody somebody
oh they look the same I would put them
on you know how are they the different
ones Peppa Pig Disney oh dear maybe this
is you sure am I sure yes I'm sure
alright duardo
okay go to mommy see what happens here
we had fun it was fun while it lasted so
I had this wonderful idea better put the
hat on then I stole it so we're gonna me
Amelia Sony costigan Cousteau yeah
become Cousteau with the DES check out
of the tiny little bit of the checker
shell and i'm nichelle cook Italian ciao
and then we shall try out I'm gonna have
a caprese and people keep the dream
alive lines but I got this one yesterday
in my local Italian place look I've
never tried never had these guys
mozzarella before so I'm gonna give this
guy is a try no
lowdown on the means macho time from
Holland yeah Nick time for teddy bear
the wonderful teddy bears are having a
wonderful time there's a tired no I'm
not Felix pert or anything like what
I've I've learned that what you get
let's sort of outside like this and then
you sort of see the inside is it's
really moist
I'm kind of it see then the outside it's
almost kind of like hard that's usually
pretty good so I'm this is my one
disadvantage one for them this looks
like it could be really really good
looks like it could be good
oiled and soils ready for consumption I
don't know immediately thing no you like
that you can't put you can't go past in
there that's the official great area oh
we're about to lose a grape we're better
it is grape join some help for IKEA who
likes banana who likes bananas he's not
gonna do it now yeah he's but he's
getting so excited he doesn't even know
what to do he's like he doesn't realize
that opening his mask means he just
keeps getting excited and happy
no Doubt's no what can you go in there
no although he keeps standing under him
but I think it's because of me and
you're being such a good girl eating
your pasta her shells look she's got one
hand firmly planted on Detroit oh you
want some more you have to open him good
boy Oh it'll keep me although he did not
like the Apple as much as this yesterday
no it was supposed to be caring favorite
and media that's why we don't dance what
exactly looks like we're having a
musical nighttime today guys put them
here okay we have been reading that
right you know guys no I have not
actually seen I'm frozen right we've
actually been reading this book for a
couple of kind of moved on right from
just we used to read like the old baby
boxing you go to a couple in one setting
and then I decided to try a big-girl
book see look there's actually quite a
lot in this story and what we can kind
of like a little bit of it every night
where we're actually flying sure we're
in the last quarter tonight we've gotten
this far so I should not have much left
at all but actually what I was gonna say
is I've actually read frozen I haven't
seen frozen but I've read the book I
remember being able to say that in my
life before
that was funny so we're gonna start
getting some like big girl books you
know books that like I know we could
read over like it maybe like a month or
something
you know or a couple of weeks maybe you
know like we could read like maybe ten
pages or something something a bit
heavier to feel a comedian once that you
know when I was reading the kind of
little ones I'd read them and she would
be stimulated and then she like uh 100
101 in a book you know where it is by
reading that one it's like the story is
engrossing and it tires her at you know
you cannot forget that they evolved all
the time you got to be in the ball being
a parent you know cuz next close you
blink for a second you know come on huh
huh you can get me never ever place a
Bianca on top of the knees mercy danga
girlfriend's going on here you mean
anything she's dumping all the toys
without gig where are you
Bianca nava nava nava nava nava ha ha ha
give me a kiss I really like when always
gives me a kiss
no meat in the vehicle oh ok now I must
do the same to you
okay with fan Bianca
defender Bianca all right oh yeah I know
the newbies is actually coming over
right now
so it's kind of organically happening
it's not Ganic happening okay move move
move the newbies okay it's very delicate
lots to do you don't want it you know
what it makes these that too early okay
you placed the bianca on top of the
newbies it's starting to boil you found
it give it to him oh good girl
what's Amelia's one miss Amelia's one
coming on the adventure oh yes
they got wanted they got equal bears
okay okay let's go Amelia you take care
you got doggy friends let's go come on
shiny shoes let's go Slater's whoa very
impatient let's go
why this right here this is immediately
a game like some run away but then daddy
comes what's your game
what's your game plan
we check their hosts out there let's go
let's go maybe I can you to hmm we're
all coming but we have to wait in the
car
daddy's just gone in the shop okay yeah
we're in Daddy's car
aren't we teddy bear whose birthday is
it next week no it's good well it kind
of is his birthday too
but it's not his real birthday it's just
his five months birthday on Tuesday
whose birthday is it next week mm-hmm
you know it's not Eduardo you're just
lying whose is it
Edward was teddy bear is it Amelia's
birthday next week is it a media sports
day who's getting a cake
no who's getting a cake Eduardo's teddy
bear is getting a cake here is the gym
Messer
hello I have returned to the car we had
the peanut butter one
I are professional ice cream fighters is
done remove a you got Smarties ice cream
um I was looking for the answer because
that's all they know but it's the ice
cream it's just terrible
I don't know what it is any guys in this
situation all right
all the shops in here like proper
English England do it proper something I
don't know why but I like it our look
like everything's open all the time for
years like this clothes and weekends and
stuff right sit it's like the local crap
shop but the local craft shop has very
limited supplies right so like when you
buy something you come back a week later
it hasn't been replenished oh right
so I had to fight a smartie ice cream
because that's how it was that there's
no other option because we bought all
the good oh yeah or you could drive for
like an hour away
yeah you never mean catch a flight over
our heads turning back to Wilson into
24-hour Tesco that's what happens
sometimes you know in your local
choppers like that sure yeah we got food
from
I'm so tired
you forgot that you're in a bad mood and
it is raining even more angry morning do
you get two more it doesn't work your
children in a rage your age start on my
ring I'm still just walking on their
windows open hi
the world saw
like a diamond
that was too cute guy he knows all the
words no that's all that shy check check
yourself look what we got pregnant so oh
my god it's amazing service I think I
came in I don't look like I'm some easy
she's amazing we sat down it's a lounge
area and they're all like wining and
dining me looks like if you're something
strange in a neighborhood who you're
gonna call who look at the moon you see
that gross thinking this little disco
we're gonna sit a disco ball right here
touch go okay what we got last night
look at your lips nice lip all right
lads I see you guys tomorrow
say bye friends
