good morning and welcome to death peeper
party peeper party Oh Punk you got bugs
got bonds cancelled my paper all my
goodness
no no not my paper no you stop that
right this is no good take my paper
don't stick my pimple don't stick my
Peppa Peppa what you do would you date
baby birds papers
daddy's papers are crumpled how am I
supposed to do all my work now with all
these crumples papers everywhere huh
no did this shirt that's not even paper
that's not even paper anymore
like listening to these guys playing
yeah no you stood up yesterday yet food
and stood up in the same day hello fine
Oh
close close Oh getting closer any closer
Oh almost Oh Oh ready ready oh oh this
is a connector ready ready ready
that was nice this way this way oh that
wasn't nice well funk here sorry sorry
sorry sorry sorry
gonna get you you're on the run we're up
behind you boom boom gonna get you that
was actually a song you may never heard
of because it was in my band it was one
of our songs you're on the run we're
behind you gonna getcha gonna getcha
huh you gonna get him high oh it's right
all heavy
he's right oh happy thank you you'd be
happy he's a bit heavy is it heavy right
I mean yeah whatever you do don't call
mom heaven then badly say mommy's really
like
Oh No she's got Mentos Mentos on me she
says he does on me no she's got this
grain she's got the strain lads mommy
mommy mommy
oh no no no Mia listen you're all better
birthday
what is that your birthday sing the song
she's like tell me more about my
birthday okay birthday tell me more
about this birthday your birthday yeah
we're doing a dinner to run down how she
wakes up in the morning and had a hair
today is gonna go well actually there
when they brought that cake and the
anniversary I just blew out the candles
experienced huh component your candle
team are you going back to the paper if
you come back to the paper if you got
magnet paper
no daddy touchy so look at these things
remember last time weirder than at the
baby bullets baby boo locks leave
comments if you want before you may have
bought it by then um of which is the
best one friend he's we did last time as
well this is his menu this is your menu
friends it's time to start eating get
some protein and iron in your system you
are using in strana he
huh mommy what's all this rustling and
puzzling going on hey hey Thank You
friends
inside inside come on come on stand in
your barking huh stand in here barking
like the barksdale's huh you yeah inside
come on come on taking the longest
possible way I see gee the forest let's
go let's go come on come on tippity-top
this is Amelia's iPad this is Anna's
MacBook do you see the similarities here
lives
Oh can't you play football
we're now making daisy chains yeah I'm
gonna get there before you I'm gonna get
there before you
acorn very good oh you thrown the acorn
away just the one like this yeah you do
it like Daddy I had a plan I go on to
the huh for my plan but I figured it
would make it more of an authentic
Italian experience buzz we're in the Hat
so Anna found these online right these
this particular profile or mozzarella
company actually sell it at the airports
and the everyone's always buying boxes
of them
because apparently they do actually
travel well but we've always been a
buffalo mozzarella does not travel
outside of Italy and these guys
Jericho seem to be quite good so we're
gonna try - no we're gonna cook up a bit
of a tortellini pasta with a spin once
it got spinach
yes finish gonna wanna make a side salad
- crazy with the buffalo mozzarella some
wild rocket in a bitter coma torini Luca
raw buffalo mozzarella pasta and we'll
see if we can make some sort of an
Italian experience
while wearing this hat all better
well the printed in olive oil insulting
miss who happens day two of Eduardo's
solids has started I mean yes having
some corn Eduardo has thrown everything
off the table onto the floor hello
pleased to meet you
so we'll just keep that there okay
no I don't think he likes I think he
likes that so I'm just mashing up some
banana we're not doing anything else for
the meantime but we'll do some apple
meat in the next few days I think we did
Apple first actually so much I remember
my kitchen doesn't need apples now
anyway oh and she stopped eating banana
and he's gonna go to stage for the next
year so I'm eating everything I know I
wish she was like that again then they
go back she loved them huh
I'll make a caprese it was like no I
just want a ham and cheese toastie and
next thing you would sit Karen was like
so I was just you know going through
life not knowing what I was gonna make I
don't know where this must really came
from I sure didn't buy it I get I told
him you bought it okay something and
then he goes and cleans in Sedona yeah
you're always right when I say and then
you blow in it later and take all the
credit for it and then you put on the
Hat and pretend this like your idea no
wasn't you are like I said do you want
anything mozzarella no no thank you
crazy and you said I waited I said I'll
make some pasta for Amelia at a time I
think it's lights out at arugula and
Pomodori this is exactly what I was
going in a mozzarella which was exactly
what I was going to do in the first
place and you said you didn't feel like
it because the camera is it oh look at
this melon here oh it's book I bought it
I said you wanted
come on Android oh let's see the banana
ooh I don't like it
does he like it do you like your corn
huh hmm
yum yum yum yum yum here comes the
aeroplane you did the baby Alexander I
know I know you I know and you want both
those chairs good choice yeah yummy yeah
yummy you got yummy here we have it
lives oh yeah
check that out pasta rucola Tomica rainy
mozzarella yum this looks pretty good
this is also available in choking so
seize now jokey so these are now
branching out into meals
really excited eat this
so what do you think it is huh I was
reading comments and a lot of you guys
were saying that I had that I put it I
had it here I thought I put it on the
lowest one but apparently I had it on
the top of that highest one so now it's
on the lowest one and look you think I
know what's on the ground so this might
help you stand up you can stand up if
you want to stand out you can stand know
who you want to stand up mm-hmm it is in
bed having an old nasty time
a ball pitch
oh let's go hey I work there because I
might knock you off
all right that's improved we shall go
say goodbye to our friends say bye to
your friends are you making all right
okay you say goodbye to your friends
let's say them see them tomorrow okay
say bye friends the old slow walk off by
friends that's what I mean you decided
to go with what do you guys think of
that end slate made by Anna it's not
cool that I don't do that I do today for
Amelia and it's art and I was like oh my
goodness I need to take a picture and
put it at the end slate it's so cute
Emma looks so like Emma and look at
Amelia so Eduardo she's like it's a boy
she didn't realize it was a little baby
and the dog is enough
he's so cute you're so cute
why oh my god stop stop hope enjoy enjoy
today's video presentation experience
was it was it a good experience did you
did you come away from this video
thinking yeah yeah I've learned
something today my life is improved I
smart I smiled I felt good about myself
then my job is done that's it folks
that's what I'm here for
yeah I see you guys tomorrow don't be a
hater later
