one time I didn't bring back the gray
this kind of storm ever happened like
landed right here
I think the lightning come is laughing
right on the hood Oh see that it's cool
cool
good to know it's like the storm never
even happened
it's like the storm never happened if
you actually had a lion this morning oh
are um are you not to be not to be
disturbed if you actually had a lion
this morning
you wouldn't even know there was a crazy
story
you wouldn't even know Emilia that'll be
a snack sure
okay let's go let's go children are
fussing children are fussing come along
come along come along come along come
along good no no no no did you press the
thing yeah OOP okay where's the button
zero zero I think I think that was a
press I'm not 100% sure so we had an
entire year to print a photograph
comments down here happens every year we
aim to the last act now to our
anniversary thing so we got a print a
picture stick it on a frame and take a
photograph and then wait another entire
year before we actually do any better
tonight we can take a photo yeah no no
no worse in a row but then we have
another year classic classic right Oh No
you're tired
never just a three years ago how many
camera periodic we were staying a quick
reading afford to stay in Sorrento so
we're staying like kind of way up the
top 10 pounds and it was really nice
though you can check the links down
below well we have to get like a bus
picture I'd go
but I remember coming down here just
like when I remember I google image
search this whole there used to drive
around in Google Maps isn't it crazy how
your life can change so much you know
you can never predict where your life is
going to be yeah I know we're sitting
here pushing two children I could never
have predicted that I could never have
thought like yeah I'll be staying in the
hotel that was on my end with my two
children in two years time no way what's
gone off in the next year no we're
children
haha cut dude this is the clip and some
of the montage when we have seven
children this would be a montage a few
days if you have seven children leave me
a comment let me know you get it done we
found were these machines
it's okay folks yeah when in conditions
will continue we went for a big blown up
one just a little is any friends in here
look at these rooms
to me wonderful fingers up okay you guys
remember this play from last year hotel
it's just a while I hope I was saying
last year's just around the corner from
here car water doesn't remember it's
even media because Joey was like a huge
Peppa Pig I told shop just around the
corner I'm gonna see if it's still here
although we just kind of lose the
interest and have a big up lately that's
gonna be a problem because we're
planning to go to kind of tag line very
shortly that's a that is like we just go
to your Disney instead Thank You way
more to Disney lately maybe this might
reunite her in that for oh my goodness
where's all the pepper gun yeah this is
good
oh nice everything's really nice oh my
goodness
lads I think we forgot your Disney
insects we actually have footage of
Emilia playing this little piano cheese
in here and she's only like ten month
old rumor that yeah look at the size of
it now say too small for her me yeah Wow
careful all right hurry
don't worry he's everywhere
would you say
mm-hmm
Wow so pretty you can have a look a moo
cow yeah let's hope mommy doesn't lose
this little selection she's getting
today she has a bad habit of enjoying
your anniversary day so far
Victoria decoy is bread I am mm-hmm
Minnie got her bracelet too
they've been in her anniversary and a
pair of sunglasses hmm which ones are
they again
right and get off with me a bag wasn't
you can have mommy's old ones yeah guys
oh cool look throw bike it looks like a
purse or something my trend much yeah
the box is cool though and I'm more
impressed at the box oh yeah yes thank
you alright
the letter R that with your by choice
and that I still give us a smoochie in
your Gucci you know what that is fascism
as well you look so cute in a hat though
Oh looks like the big storm is coming
back
that's the big storm coming back hmm
come on let's go back inside cookie the
tenders coming the candy is coming the
toner cats
Thunder Thunder Thunder Thunder
Thundercats I have actually eaten this
for lunch every day we've been here I've
had a caprese salad for lunch so good
like it's not the same like at home
all right most people have comments and
said that because my default frame says
back in harden o lightning my default
brains backing on and not like in London
so then when I was like oh yeah if I can
honor you know I live a while for your
default brain to set its current
location my current location is still
set to Ireland we're going to treat it
under Oh
that's under
right
meaning scared don't be scared it's a
pasta oh right okay some weird stuff on
speech we been to speeder and that's not
the bubbles the bubbles are all gone we
wasted them out yeah the guys from that
shop gave us the bubble thing to take
with us
no II do I do
hey Mead want the cookie not the last
cookie oh yeah well cookie cookie cookie
no interests no cookie
it's an IRA chocalate cookie I mean
having a strict chocolate life she's not
just like vegetarians fruitarians
fish people meet people well media is a
strict chocolate eater you know what I
was thinking - no we should do another
way like wait or like review people go
entity from restaurants to give reviews
and sopra media should go into
restaurants she's like yeah yeah it was
okay
you know knee first room replacing em in
Capri no Simone she's everything here
she like an munched it down
Jade last night as well wait winner here
last night yeah two nights ago we're
here how much did she know she just left
snapchat hope Emile
Chili's and pizza yeah Eduardo hasn't
touched any food her little man
got carried all the way home because he
said to himself cuz I can take it all
the way home little man
so did she I won't okay we're
carrying kids
oh come on quickly whoopee oh no you
didn't take it fast enough
come on let's go let's go to our home
let's go to our home
that's our toilet here's our bad here's
a baby instead to do two to two stark in
here it's dark in here lads
now you shouldn't show you guys about me
it's the courtyard and so our other
balcony with the front yard and then we
have one on the other side which is the
Oh hundreds coming back you just made it
the other one come on Amelia look I
don't want it's over here which gives
you the front which is nice so you're
not kind of like Oh a courtyard one and
the front one and then it's about anyone
it's nice it's nice it's kind of cool
the way you get a mixture boat and then
there's that one as well which is that
the front as well and that's the basic
those who were asking me oh yeah don't
go him it's a door that leads somewhere
now wish used on and then yeah that's
essentially my room tour micro room tour
micromachines a collection of five we're
awake we're awake ah wow he's so pretty
do you like that yeah vintage vintage
Starcom Lance you're gonna be better
vintage hi hi art oh hi art oh we're
getting ready we have a table booked yes
there's water water which you're gonna
do it outside near where we got married
and stuff but there's a crazy storm
coming let's so the whole place is shut
down but they did they made it or like
oh no no no we make you a nice room with
a beautiful view but a glass window so
it's gonna be pretty cool it's gonna be
pretty cool kids are coming too so
probably won't last very long Melia
probably taught enter in the middle of
us Eduardo will show up everyone who
rested okay
that's what this year symbolize this you
know each year you got a look at the
picture and you gotta remember what that
you owe us and we have like big trope
stains and our clothes you know in media
fight like down her face in a right he
has clearly cried and and that's will
remember that was 2014 folks
year three huh is that what you gonna do
for us although we strategically made
immediate we didn't make her this is she
oh hi there didn't realize you were
following me around
we should usually made a media policy we
gangster
we covered her fake down into whoa
it will take one photo ready this is my
photo OTD mmm idea or lip sings in the
green shorts screen shorts white shirt
and we had that just imagine there Monta
what's immediate word we're all wearing
pastels and whites in the man's in the
yellow all right grab your child let's
go you have no idea what just happened
how many photographs we Chuck with the
timer I'm supposed to put into our no
can see we'd run away oh my goodness
seven million billion photos later
seriously I think we got one good one
who's like one time Melia wasn't looking
then the water was nothing then
immediately then it was okay oh my
goodness
let's go put inner
get a cake
flora
Oh
you dancin day twirl twirl Wow
Tai Chi Yong do you love it white oh
look can you give him a kiss
good girl you got again okay don't get
so excited right now
Oh
all tonight who's got an owie he's got
an owie
oh no and it hates me so much me ride
for three years it's been about three
years of your life but the gradient mom
and I got right what's the best idea
ever thank you so much for watching
today's video
it was the best video of your life don't
forget to leave your strife no don't
even eat ripe Emilia will come at you an
owie owie
Oh lads we had a wonderful night where
why and we're dined we had romantic
times revived in her baby oh my goodness
not a chance my right lads is over
laters don't be haters
