good morning friends I partied too hard
and then my kids looking up to earning
welcome to day twos I ran down uh-huh
oh my guess we're gonna get some
breakfast breakfast time no daddy no no
I think he's open is it huh Stan's work
done she was so cute she was like my
Johnson said oh are we gonna go down for
breakfast I know I said it she was like
daddy daddy work any has to work is the
work it's nice out to do it in the
balcony enjoying the Oh see look at this
look at me morning few lads already
Instagram that it's gorgeous though we
should get this moved to where we live
because stragglers great with the
interns terrible London's Internet is
amazing but it doesn't quite have the
Sorento appeal alright let's go let's go
come on
oh I need the key huh a key yeah we get
key if you got the key wow it's Mira
tastic be the coolest it an elevator
party yeah oh good morning Eduardo
buongiorno Tao but you're not El Dorado
it's fake my jell-o jell-o USA looks
like breakfast is in the place where we
got married like we got my yeah yeah
yeah yeah didn't-didn't I love we didn't
have that music if for justice watching
do you remember I know can when he came
over he was crying this yeah this is
what we this is what we walk back it's
very bad news
I've made a terrible mistake this is one
me daddy got my yeah yeah look it's
right there
yeah look our altar was at right where
those people are standing your photo we
have myself and Hannah it's right here
right at that point how cool
uh-huh look at this place you don't
realize it the symbolism leo guess what
Mommy and I decided let's get together
and form a family let's merge the Coney
and Jolie well makes the pony choice and
now we have to use Akuma Jory's no
understand relevance so cool isn't it
one little thing hmm
awesome can you make a juice but pick
your own joke
the
the true
Warren joke up it in
that don't enjoy my finger like this
I am oh now you look over I was trying
to take pictures of you and you wouldn't
give me a little smile she's being quite
good actually this is essentially where
we cantle for your name yeah you know I
mean I stay here stay here okay you
don't want to trip up any waiters media
and Rafael visit you're essentially stay
here please one scene problem like this
the best for you to do start it has
often me be friends with the little
blonde girl over there war children
supervising oh my god I can hear goes
daddy mummy reason me Mia poisoned yeah
I think if the little girl is like she
wants to be her friend
yeah but maybe it's not 100 percent used
to elderly she goes
hi hi alright we're now waiting for the
lift to the beach maybe to lift we're
excited
all the toilet training has come down to
this moment Amelia he's not wearing a
nappy and we're hoping that all our work
has paid off pretty sure she's got the
hang of it well we'll find a fine hair
too early and Ana looks extremely
delicious in her bikini two babies you
say lady wouldn't have taught us any pop
look at the shorter lips Wow oh cool
Melia I go pick it right up slick so
cute oh we need our toes cover he's
squinting he doesn't like it so much
luck Amelia see all right as you can see
mommy got away with your pink ones we go
into the sea friends I mean he's got a
Sharmini has your shoe on is it her
first time in the sea I think so
good girl
you know she might freak out
tricky tricky so just kidding
you say one two three go
Wow
okay
Jonathan
careful oh my god
yeah is it hot hot to beat the community
sign here in the wet part
I'm waiting the next holiday when
immediately their trendy stuff at her
friend Oh leave this oh yeah one day she
won't want to come on holiday with us
and then you'll be sorry you could
follow you you're so embarrassing yeah
I'm young tip cool I know about you
Internet mm-hmm it's the HoloNet dad
mm-hmm you're putting cream on daddy
Judy this might be crazy you hear is
that it in there where's daddy
Amelia you steady on there where over
there first daddy
you singing it wanted a song okay it's
okay thank you
so we just met some viewers from
Switzerland and look at cute okay and
your matching to matching noise Oh Sadie
how old is she
I'm 16 months 16 Amelia you meanie I
look say hello to Sadie 41 I got it I
know if anyone wants to buy Anna
presents right that's just where you go
that's Anna's present their gift shop
but look what's up here Pinocchio store
we've got so much stuff from the
branchial store I think she'd appreciate
it more and adding she's older
we should reassign the book I think
they've changed the book now inside the
book in here these are last somewhere
here by 10 someone had come a few people
actually found it we do we need some get
gets a cashola I've only got British
pounds did you get some euros really
gonna go in but you're headed your eyes
she closed her eyes we go pick around a
page right random page we'll assign this
book riot and anyone who's coming this
rent or is in sorrento need to take a
picture and tweet it to me will you add
our page write a note though preview
picture you can actually find this here
and sign your name on it we'll start in
a little thing somewhere in the book we
just met another friend from Edinburgh
my friend Scottish French all the way
interrailing she's taking a media
Twitter you're gonna go into writing
Amelia no no we just did our chips and
said yeah did you choose oh it's a fee
it is poor it's so nice it's cold but
it's nice cold
Amelia gave me last juice juice it's a
really nice juice nice ginger coffee
crackling damn Alfie Milky Way LC mouthy
way as we practice
figure that away go to a restaurant
enjoy your meal in peace and not be
bothered by your almost hero
they're keeping her beer inside it was
so funny right while the waiters were
sitting behind us no like ah did she
kept like it is so hot today like
humidity and all
to myself
but I'm
I love you Mina I hope you're enjoying
your night sleep this is actually quite
nice
wait
yes ma'am nice lunch breaks up alright
look like I got some meat balls at
rigatoni stuff and I got the homemade
pasta no Eduardo just had some boobage
and he's that eating his a giraffe we're
gonna add side restaurant dBase
presently having a good time I hope
you're not I mean thank you
so you writing some Italian friends ciao
easy ciao
immediate just woke up in a solvent in
the mannequin in this store
Oh like real people that's crazy
the main square at night looks pretty
alright alright we are going to the I'm
going to go to the ice-cream davits
place because you get to be
because it's one place as well I'm
wondering trying to find a white PI
point I'm pretty sure the video went
flying huh why those girls were like Oh
oh did they say that yeah you would make
sure rustic yeah you tell me that that
was bonito cuz they didn't speak English
so we had like an entire like piranha
we're just like having the lawn you
could be say anything you were talking
about the beaters meant live and Here I
am walking around trying to find a Wi-Fi
connection huh yeah yeah but new you
need sea ice cream and chocolate media's
on the ice cream and chocolate bat
that's our secret she should write a
recipe or a diet book yeah ice cream and
chocolate hey no
you see the horsey
the vmas horsey juniors walking past
ahead a little doggie
what's his head Emilia oh my god we ran
some more time right shirt a friendliest
friends yeah I got you from Sorrento no
no you near and tell your friends no I
 got fries
yeah that sounds way better than P
yeah slow what'll home after eating too
much gelato gelato gelato my god I was
carrying him most didn't like he's
loving it though he's so much more awake
you notice that you know but I waiter
guy keep everybody like you jumped into
his arms just like you so excited
weren't you huh it was like Shiva moving
from Elia its ranting she like something
she just woke up and her son Randall
name's Julie jumped up and it's like
some reason Eduardo's is the same thing
maybe Sorrento were waiting for our
children well he was a I think he I
think he was made in Sorrento yeah so
maybe there's something in it he smells
and he's like this is where I'm from
yeah what what did you just tell me when
I was talking did you look at Houston
ever don't believe it
let's go come on what you're gonna be
able to see look there's like the beach
beaches all down here and here look how
cool looking is that I don't lose the
camera that the Amalfi Coast its Naples
over there that's so cool
there's a nice view friends right we
should be on our way Amelia is dancing
to her favorite song hey favorite song
Eduardo's chilling and Anna's in bed and
we were just going to lose the night
away as night snoozers do pretty thanks
so much for leaving nice comments and
liking it and I hope you're enjoying our
Italian adventure we're all kind of in
this adventure together it's almost like
we're all on an adventure because life
is an adventure people and it's a
never-ending adventure make it a good
one see you tomorrow right
