we're just a pack of fellas which is a
pack of fellas children dead huh
cheering red chillin like a pair of
villains you villain I'm a dinner mm-hmm
Oh what are our character character
archetype are you in this particular
drama between u-20 au Lee hero yes you
are
you're this year out does that mean a
gun or my hope do I symbolize hope in
this story symbolize who is Dee I don't
understand the character archetype of
this particular you know my the wise old
man I'm think I'm the narrator actually
just the narrator is like generator is
actually technically a character I did
an entire semester on character
archetypes I did a paper on it as well
to understand the process of
storytelling are you interested
are you guys interested in this
particular conversation we're having
right now usually Eduardo usually zho an
apology apology
wha-wha-wha wha-wha-wha-wha la la la la
la I said to the world and said here are
my demands
I should be productive when your rain
stops
that's my demands it's simple I said one
man in bed on demand but threat button
Oh coming up to be decided for funding
to do today as well right but have a
little laugh it bugs on right and we're
like you know we'll do at the end of
this video
okay and then we'll we'll tally up both
of our daily score things right and
we'll see which one of us does the most
you know it's like who does the most
like isn't is a hardest we're not hard
to be a mom or a dad or and like that
you know we're like would
see between the two was which one of us
does more now because it's lashing way
never heard that I won't be doing any
extracurricular activities not gonna end
the bike ride today because it's
storming which is a pity because I
really wanted to because I was sick and
then I'm his parent mom was over and
Emma and stuff like that so I never had
a chance to go out and like a week or
something like whatever to know what's
going on so I really wanted to get out
today and especially and so I can't you
know oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
babies but would never fun that's it
leave your comments now right any end
video let's see who did the most amount
of steps today he's gonna be the
stepping champion a clubhouse has
increased by one right
Eduardo sup hi Eduardo mmm hey C good
morning
Emilia we've never tried to say good
morning good morning a change
oh you're saying thanks okay but you say
say good morning no don't take AB I say
good morning you take one little finger
one little finger one little finger tap
tap tap put your hands up put your hands
down put it on your nose nose hey yeah
what are you doing
how do you do little bobber little
bobber a teeny bopper are you a TV
bobert you holding hands 100 euro kid
widel
Oh something to say what a beautiful
morning oh my godness lives huh what
happened I'll be deal that's him huh -
get away dougie huh come on guys come on
guys you're gonna get wet you're gonna
be all rainy you don't seem to mind
howdy wouldn't dare go ahead say yeah
he's my doggie my best friend had uh-oh
roughly bump roughly bump properly bump
Oh strudel is Fishman Island who so much
to do today
so because we need to get organized and
packed and everything um also we have
somebody staying here looking after the
doggies I need to kind of sort out this
is where my mom and Emma worst and
Jonathan still hasn't finished this bed
it just it is finished it just needs the
watch call them drawers put on and then
this was eric has room at the end um
which is all fine nothing's happening in
there but I'm just gonna
here and I need to make packing lists
for everybody I'm wearing the most
random stuff ever I'm wearing a cupcake
t-shirt from our cruise and Jama shorts
Oh TV every time we go somewhere right
we pack I'll be get so obsessed all the
time or packing right so I was just
bringing all the suitcases up here right
and I was like on why is this one kind
of open got into it like you've not so
little way in and he got into the thing
and sat into it and we just closed in
like oh so we had said today could you
buried in the toys he said I said this
one I was like you know what I'm gonna
start being productive as soon as the
rain stops
do I never stop lads it's still raining
is it still raining Oh looks like he's
gonna host a flicker no flick it out
this I'm here are you going to bed are
you going to baby said I don't
halo-halo II do I do can do it where do
we do I don't it's narrow dark outside
we're getting a flight in a couple of
hours it would seem and perks packing
come along you're done Joe what you knew
our door packed
ah geez I haven't done nothing yeah what
I've laid out my clothes my plan I laid
out Hobson
I just brought best in shorts that's it
invest in short for every day I was
making holiday dinner pre holiday dinner
oh yeah five minutes left on the pre
halogen are you ready to see this right
you ready to see this you ready for this
I don't know if you're ready for this I
don't know if you are you ready for you
boom that's what I'm talking about
where's the
Peter and I just checked my step by the
way six and a half thousand and a
checkers 5,000 I'm be still eyes
thinking I might just for a quick you
know just I just hon just took in the
pizza hey did have a mistake what's
going on over here huh me no trust me
well why is one of those freaking why
it's a bitch creek I got big men like
you rock it's for baby girls like a big
man don't sit on the bed
Jonathan but it no seriously that's
normal
all beds do that Todd like it I think
that you going in it I always go in it
that's daytime daytime dough day times
is evening wear evening wear daytime
wear and what's this is there a beach
wear yellow
how is it why did we find harassment
where oh yeah
and the Iron Man's and the the boat we
need the gym rat boat that we had for me
are there about the ranking well she was
ten months oh yeah that's what you want
these ones not the type of a once I just
trust these ones more yeah you want the
health and safety ones or do you want
the flimsy Peppa Pig ones the bring both
which one you prefer
yeah you think the crab a big one
Oh prices for Helen I'm sure there is
good it's just I know these are like you
know we will be in the sea I'm sure
they're fine
did you did we find a boat though are
there inflatable
all right I brought a little friend to
me as well for safety okay
and then communion what inside let's go
meet see if we can find it should be
boxes and stuff from around here
okay I'll be what don't wanna wait for
me you're here for my protection don't
one all right lads need to find a boot
about about the boat no pair shoes
that's so good okay that's something
touch me okay no touching not touching
of the humans ever turned with the food
and the boot feet and the boobs slow
later scary dungeon
all right let's who wants food it's
funny when I'm you know when you do
something when you go on a trip as a
single person or it's like a couple you
don't have to think about so much stuff
and you just kind of going to trip but
it's like because we have add water with
us and we have a
yeah and you don't we know anything's
ever gonna happen and you kind of hope
not but um local movers you care like
this is that this is the guys butter we
have a health interest with these guys
Prue held I think they're pretty good
it's a real it's it's a pretty good
service but and we had but wait what I'm
saying is that was a disappointing
there's an overlapping right now between
our private health insurance in the UK
and our private health insurance in
Ireland both of them cover us for being
in Italy and being in the UK are being
UK you know obviously being UK now I
went got actual health insurance UK
based health insurance but I how it's
just getting all the forms and it's like
okay we are covered from two countries
to here for hybrid health features we
are definitely covered in Italy well
it's funny stuff you don't really think
it you know where you don't have your
own kids you know or you don't have kids
you just kind of let go wheelie right
it'll be okay but then you got like more
sort of Eduardo because he's so young
and amigo is 10 months last time we came
here he's only four months overcoming
what a former don't care keep these two
are you guys having fun three three four
five six
mmm-hmm my mom said you treated armbands
in in the bed uh Maisie I'm alright let
me get there are we done
nope nope no no no wow Amelia
yeah where's your arm bones hmm and
maybe lies maybe when we get back from
Sorrento I might make a new intro and I
might put you in it you might just make
the intro we'll see how you behave we'll
see how you VA we'll see the ratings are
like we see the ratings are like since
Eduardo's joined the team huh you gotta
earn the intro you know just get thrown
into an intro willy-nilly
if the earnest
Oh Hoshi is that their the hotel 100 my
god I just remembered Wow
what are you hotel service that's our
most excited about a new set of Hotel
slippers yeah what you want to carry in
your bag what you carry on options is a
special enhancement from the Queen hello
this mr. Queen I'd like to tell you all
about Amelia Amelia and duardo have come
to our country and we are very very
happy to have them here hello Mia Queen
Amelia is our kylo Ren now you have to
go to sleep and when you wake up right
we've come to the end of the day lads I
get this chopped and changed and up
before we go to sleep time because our
flights live to beat the airport look
for love so it's gone standing today
let's go tally up our pit box let's see
yeah see how Anna did today I'll check
to see how I did for today
Aniki 8191 steps and one child one
crying child hi king baby how's that huh
ten thousand six hundred and seventy
five cheater tours no cheating legend
there was no cheating let's check that
at jokey-joke score where Susannah score
oh yeah no aerobic steps today folks
I did five miles I walked five miles
around the house
look my husband is no cheats just like
to point out that I took mine off for
bathing purposes I took mine off for
showering purposes I just put it back on
okay there was no cheating involved okay
but that is so crazy isn't it like we
basically just have had like a lounge
around the house day and we did like I
did over 10,000 steps and you did like
what nearly nine thousand eight and a
half thousand you know that's crazy
isn't it just sit around the house and
do nothing do much
imagine you actually did some exercise
good you know we should do right when we
get back from holidays because we'll
have gained 75 million pounds right we
should do it for like a week right so
like you know like that the first week
back we'll do like a post holiday one
and we'll actually we should test this
totes test this out and see like what
the difference is you can actually do
exercise but as we see I'm winner okay
I'm a winner as pointed out here they
don't get it all kids y'all can sit the
end hi
hey bye you're their eyes yeah talkies
talk to you later lads yeah
Stanny tonight before Sorrento went all
through the house not a doggy friendly
stirring not even a mouse the suitcases
were packed and not stored by the door
in hopes that the taxi would come and
pack them himself
the children were nestled all snug in
their bed while mom and dad were
downstairs editing and videoing in
youtubing and trying to figure out how
are going to survive enough sleep
tomorrow morning with two children 102
in the airport fantastic oh thanks so
much for watching today's episode and I
hope you're going to enjoy the next um
couple of logs from Sorento and all that
you guys like when were in Sorrento I
like her in Sorrento I like making vlogs
Rome in Toronto eating mozzarella and
chillin by the beaches and swimming in
the sea
II I'm really excited to like bring and
wonder well a media remember it I don't
know if she'll actually remember it as
she wasn't like 10 or 11 months for I am
it should be cool to bring her swimming
in the sea and trying to bring our don't
swim in the sea maybe improve much I
think the hotel we're going to you
doesn't actually have a pool in it and
so we probably just going to the beach
and said but anyway it's going to be
awesome fun and I hope you guys are hope
you guys enjoy it and I'll see you guys
later bye oh and thanks for watching
