good morning this morning we are going
to the train station I'm actually just
going with Eduardo to the train station
and that's it and then these guys are
all going into town proper town like
London town so we decided not to today
because the media was kind of not 100%
yesterday so we're gonna stay at home
cool dude
yo cool dude oh mama came I'm a cool
dude don't poke his eye out focus I had
careful okay put it on proper is it she
wants gilded wardo Emilia is meaning
clothing and have to get him some
strap-on
let's get our dough pair of ray-bans huh
we glad friend you put some clothes on I
like your exercise is there you're
pretty flexible Thanks dance are dope
ensign boom-boom pigs on the farm say
oink oink oink
Davis Mau Mau Mau no no no what did the
are doesn't if I'm saying whoa whoa
don't load now me no crime please stop
please black blue doctor doctor doctor
no no he didn't you a footballer very
nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee you
MooMoo I'm an adventurer with Eduardo
normally I have that Amelia and these
little adventures with me but today we
decided to mix it up and we took Eduardo
Eduardo and daddy he's fast asleep
though it may not even know that oh no
you may not even know about this
adventure we are planning to partake
here hey sleepy friend size of those
grapes
in order to like its normal size but
this thing is a monster rigs see this
monster crates anthropology's day I know
I mean it is fun of the grape a little
packet okay easy this is our carrier
because it'd be a whole lot of these are
trying to push two devices at the same
time would be almost impossible what
actually in order to soak up again this
is recorder to the Czech head oh okay
you wake up the pay did she wake up the
tape hey there you thinkin I'm on an
adventure with that huh eventually yes
which one is that huh
well I'm sailing
don't get upset don't have any boobs
joke these toast the order table number
two I got a kid's order for the cross on
cheese and ham ain't got a turkey and
she got four doggy friends look
Amelia cross huh huh oh you like Bonjour
Bonjour Mademoiselle
no nine names you're excused a Marseille
Monsieur I confused you with the no
mommy
all right you're gonna be barked Josie's
toasties Josie's miss joke see when
she's sending me business after collect
my mom and I think I want to bring see
now sorry I just want you to blog before
I mean my man but I think see nothing
looking with me can't you see that it's
enough but it is no hello little man
Tito no licking the baby baby watching
the dough don't you don't
hey what's good the new nurse Tina is
different everyone everyone this is not
a lick best they think is a little s :
let's details good each ow what are you
doing hey hey
or licking the baby don't you baby hello
you're gonna see your money no my little
son ever done to me what use
just tea oh I mean I got some presents
from the Moomin shop she got this book
pocketbook
she got a red lollipop who's your daddy
pop is that lollipop nicer than lunch
and Eduardo got this look at white Oh
got a cute onesie the top straight be
top blue top she thinks everything blue
is furred white oh did you see when she
got the blue - - and she tried to say oh
yeah alright oh so funny she was like -
Eduardo doesn't have a - she got a sharp
an Irish but those things and a book
except she said that spread wide Oh
puppies Owen Cena came with me on an
adventure doggy friends right doggies
come on Nevaeh
hi Bianca hi Alvey deal once your finger
up no happy hey this is hilarious right
um I don't know if this is an art but
I've had a lot of tumble dryers in my
life I've never seen this before this
promo dryer to see where there's no like
plumbing you know enormous achieved it
comes out of your tumble dryer it has
this thing right and every now and again
you gotta just like it fills up a water
and you basically just empty the water a
division and then put it back in again
not great
now I know if you guys it's like people
maybe if this is common in the UK or
somewhere or maybe it's common in
Ireland but I've just never lived in a
house that ever had anything like this
that was crazy
the first time I did like a few months
ago remember to help when we're living
here I was like oh good we're just a
 ergo ergo ergo no cray cray
all right let's Jack Ron let's do 120
give me a 120 this one's kind of dumb
this is the dry one they're trying to
get all the clothes ready okay it's a
nice day than to kill in the queue I
never got one feet stood on here and he
goes no
and I can't even see me
taeo do you sense my presence is there a
teo in there I'm still gonna teach over
there they are your buns ready control
goodbye ghost use this is that one OMS
and here's that one the dis look like
daddy's isn't it
not daddy's all right back to my hand
pine-clad you look like a superstar
right now look at you huh
you gonna come with me on an adventure
huh
what yeah which stops you taking tio and
righty-o back to Clark dank it looks
pretty angry anxious to go yeah alby's
like but Cena went last time is it my
turn
come on get there no no no what you said
that this time at this time alright see
you later bye come on enough of that now
put your motions to one side you wanna
come
come on what
yeah no doubt he's desperate to come
along hello hello so Eduardo and I are
hanging out watching Teen Mom 2 why now
it's just really sad saying goodbye to
my mom my sisters and one of my sisters
Emma I'm trying for like four months you
be my little snuggle monster okay okay
Eduardo snuggle monster
oh the dogs are going crazy for no
reason because I'm happy
we're at the airport everyone's saying
goodbye to Amelia Express pick up see
that guy in order to avoid that little
man there
to go
20.7 anyone asks where as 72.7 to meet
tweeted pictures we are similar for
example
everybody meet me at this you can care
okay
it's okay though maybe back in a minute
and now the end is near and so I take
this final light switch the shower
they must be had teeth must be brushed
books will be read dreams will be nice
filled with peppa pig's that's all
things nice and Amelia will be on a
byway going taking some highway to
cloud9 way smack a bomb
smack the bombs back a bum one two three
slap my bum then game you'll see the
range inside of my eyes as I see Anna
Picchu what pressed back at me T right
give me an air now
o fighting the palms mini chef what's
the mini chef Ulka lads pleased to meet
you pleased to meet you pleased to meet
you shake my hand shake my hand pleased
to meet you you said meet you smack them
smack them smack them all right we must
be on our way friends say bye dear
friends say bye
happy that by CS tomorrow don't be late
see you guys tomorrow well thank you
very much for watching today's video
presentation are you thankful for they
they came along to say hello hello hello
Amelia hello
Eduardo hello friends
right we must be off thanks so much
watching thanks for clicking the old
like button is it even a click or is it
a press or is it a tap really depends on
what kind of a device or if you watch it
on TV how do you hit the like button if
you watch it on TV what how do you how
do you click the like whenever you watch
it Oh Pierre oh yeah did you say thank
you for everyone hit the like button
yesterday to make you feel better oh did
you cool you did peepees Oh see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching bye
