My Goddess got a call this morning about
a special delivery
Oh Eduardo is coming to Italy with his
Lud's
wait Elysium give us a look at him oh no
no it's a good oh my god and the new
Irish passports are cool yes my passport
isn't like this you know so look in the
middle like fancy pants and stuff in
here whoo
that was kind of that was worrying me
there was worry on me although yesterday
I didn't even know I didn't check in
says host I don't even know by yes a yes
it did not exist for me
he's very confusing there's a giant wasp
on my way no he's gone he's not see you
later watch me haha alright let's go
home and share my through we're supposed
to head off to Brighton today but I
think um Anna's mom is a bit sick now
she's poorly
I like there's always like a you guys
feeling poorly and I was like I like the
way industry will say poorly and I know
it's kind of like it says say kiss a
chair I know it's like it's not a very
nice word sick mmm but are you feeling
poorly it's like I am actually feels
more quickly you know it's like you give
them all and hello listen and guess what
you can legally travel around the world
now how does it make you feel you have a
past affording you have a bus money for
cake yeah you've also turn up all over
yourself huh hey lads I'd let you have a
passport to yank you
oh my goodness everyone has passports
everybody has a passport everyone has a
passport yes they do
yes they do why have a passport
what are you just so here totally
Colleen byung from Ireland Bella I
Claire
actually no Tinka from crack do you
think I'm a girl forgot she you go from
quick hell yeah Dwyer at all hey oh
hello I'd ride a hall
I don't expect to try on my hair
oh you look fabulous huh
they're funny they're funny with a funny
question
Bardo Eduardo my daughter did it is a
turtle van de da da da da da da da da da
this is your room Canadore to sleep in
your bed okay night-night Eduardo it's
hard hose in your bed hello
are you gonna get in there as well
you're gonna share the bed with Eduardo
she's so good you ever notice that one
anemia she's always like wants to share
her toys in here more so he's concerned
or what it wired us up to I wasn't that
concerned about my brothers and sisters
what did I want to share everything with
them
hmm yeah handle Eduardo hey guys I just
got your toys hmm you guys are so cute
together
I hope you remain friends all the time
huh we best friends forever
hmm do you love it oh yeah it's our
daughter your best friend oh wow yo ake
much
where's Sam where's all your toys gone I
want to say their names because it's my
notice they're busy toys where's this
one can you give it to Eduardo nigo are
no huh
you're so funny looks like I've been
trusted to dress the child Eduardo
a teal DP a.m. is when I was instructed
to get teal hey this is cool though
isn't it huh I'll fight this thing I'll
be kind of cool if I can't find this
teal is this teal this DP m DP a.m. you
know what I'm no style diet but I cannot
occur do you think that'll and we put it
on Louie
huh what are we gonna go Rosi wowie
oh we're here where's Amelia
our car is here don't climb over our
back wing cap the stammerer house cuz it
was so good last time
it's so much fun somebody liked it
Amelia like that are you gonna don't
fall hey good job
where you going you coming back just
last time we're here I feels like oh I
usually Park like way down there and
let's come back up car like I bet
there's a better place to park
yeah turns out they have their own car
park all right let's get here let's get
some lunch
oh so you came up to stammer all the way
here no food no food there's a wedding
on right so there's no food for us so
we're gonna try nan knows we could have
just crashed the wedding huh Amelia when
you tell me when you tell me Amelia
she's okay oh yeah
cuz he sat down and everything like it
was all happening and then it ended all
right
back in the car everyone hey hey
McDonald's is it yeah Zoe's penis my dog
so he's I think we're into Brighton
again yeah I'm already sure I've never
been to decide it right yep
Oh hope we're not oh yeah no no we
haven't
I don't think this is a pair anything
I'm sure it is Pena's loads of food here
oh I've never been to a car park in
Brighton let's join a time we tried to
you couldn't get in yeah you know oh my
goodness this is exciting
look at this place this is cool
feel like I'm in Monaco or something huh
where's mommy
look it has dragons on it oh that's like
what are you talking about
how does that make it it's going maybe
that's a Chinese restaurant or something
oh yeah Chinese what is Rockets
exploding restaurant
no way what is it like actually drive
around you're eating your foot this is
cool I know you lived in Monaco oh yeah
does that actually leave their port have
your Raveena de does I don't know though
I can't be sure
wow this is cool
are we wrong Brighton you can keep it at
all
are we clothing is that the main thing
up there I never saw any this part this
is my business much nicer yeah well this
is nice all little restaurants and all
yeah boo mermaid walk I don't know if
the world knows about this yet but you
must know about it chocolate and
strawberry pizza melting marshmallows
fresh strawberries warm chocolate and
hazelnut looks like a sinner pie yeah I
see everybody's gonna play are we
talking as I've heard a lot about the
sinner by just not try she took and
that's pretty well I put he yeah a
pudding pie yeah
don't change that
you can say T's is what chunky chocolate
do you want a chocolate and strawberry
pizza parfaits like you can't put
chocolate and strawberries on a pizza
and you guys remember the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtle pieces no your new room rap
what they were probably banned in
England leave a comedy if you remember
TV they had like marshmallows chocolate
and like sweets and like they can make
jellies this is like Irish no ice could
be like the late 80s early 90s and then
they realize we can't be people this
just like a pizza with Benza do you ever
would you like a big name is she like a
sweet corn pizza yeah yeah we should
make that happen
the Amelia special she always is it the
wrong way I know I know but she likes it
that way it's like her trademark
Emilia say cheese and don't you put your
hand did she ask you guys Emilia jeez
this is the situation right now folks
Emilia meltdown number four was it a
full meltdown no I don't need a cancer
like a full mouth and very close to it
though Wireless sleepover here in the
moob meaning to sleep on dad screw but
dad food which is not corrected not
adjusting no so we offer to but lacking
the milk not gonna work at those
anyone's ready to milky boobs at this
table when it's currently being occupied
I was just talking it he's just hugging
it for no reason we're just waiting for
goblet myself and I are the only ones
they got dessert as well so we got the
most amazing pizza in the world
all ready for this thing I'm gonna sing
I can't even look like it's going to be
bigger that's like an angry sweet face
waiting for
oh I mean it got sick everywhere and
Zoey just ran away
she's got before I just turn that gun
was like what happened oh my god I peed
my pants
Oh is what it's from the engine lunch
top on traitor like cornmeal and a
restaurant half-naked and trunk my jeans
at Hydra Camino is so cute
Mountain
Hiroki
yeah but I hope there
Oh year
to the bedroom you know yesterday I know
okay we should probably pay for this
meal because uh yeah hello harto and the
one thing we were saying yesterday
you're like oh the only good thing is
this is that amelia didn't get it she
wanted ads that's all fun and games but
mom is there for cuddles and caring et
time
yeah right so what you think as well is
it we were gonna go back to so it's but
she's afraid of sick exactly I don't
want that sick child in my head no
Amelia I think it's I think it's better
if we go home yeah I think it's better
it's perfect you think so Oh for Amelia
why does she want pizza I know I was
wondering Pima for like
not forcing it on her but trying to be
like 'hey you know it's raining i really
can't tell ya sunset is so nice looking
I've no idea where this at and I was
bringing us wow that's amazing looking
yeah we stopped by a petrol station to
pick up some new cassette and a brown
bread for Amelia hopefully that makes
her better
hi did you find a teddy bear
you alright you got poopies do you feel
a bit better now do you miss it wardo hi
Noir no for Amelia want outside peepee
that side he's outside it was a sight
what uh-huh duckies what oh okay I need
to take my pants off this is for some
toast
you just get for your sake Tommy as well
you're gonna have to drink some liquids
because you chew up and you can't be
dehydrated look it's special juice what
is chilling like a packet villain you
chilling like a pack of villains ah
Inez upstairs it Emilia hopefully Minnie
is feeling okay she did um was horrible
she was like you know trolling up but
like dry or there's nothing coming out
in the car but I think it's because
there was a detour from Brighton to here
and we had to end up going like these
huge hilly country roads they looked
amazing as you seen there but it wasn't
that
nice was it for me in the car did water
the great old time though and then poor
Zoe because like so it wasn't Mimi or
carrots or horrible before anyone says
that she's just she has like anxiety and
she was like she has like kind of fear
of the getting sick thing honey a lot of
people have that when they see someone
getting sick they are mighty like almost
get sick themselves so she like gullible
children was gone
you know heartbeats and she was
traumatize the medial throwing up
everywhere oh my goodness huh you're the
only one you're the only one he's a
happy lass
hmm happy is Larry she called me Larry
yeah when we brought her got sick we're
like oh maybe he got that to the breast
milk but I don't think Brent smelled us
and I think it has a cleansing Methodist
method in it like a filtering system or
something but then he was better that's
all day and then immediately media
wasn't our bad yesterday as well but
then she got six right but then Margaret
and his mom wasn't at all it was really
no contact for the day so I'm not
reassuring she got sick so I don't know
what I was maybe we caught something in
the underground where in London dear
today huh what do you think Gardo
cheating that's tomorrow
professor our dough hmm it was likely a
professor Eduardo you could be a
professor
that's her cuteness professor cuteness
professor Kapus huh you could write a
paper get a published on cuteness had to
be cute boy Eduardo hmm you know and it
would be the greatest paper ever
published imagine they'd write as little
paper No be cute Nick you something he's
gonna write papers in school and bring
them home and then we're gonna stick him
on the fridge oh he has an immediate
little painting some school of it could
you imagine her first I actually have
somewhere in my life box I have one box
of my life that I survived from my
childhood and in there is the first
drawing I ever did I must take that I
usually use as an end slate one day
thanks so much for watching today's
video and lads lads and ladies and
everybody out there that watches the
videos let's be nice in the comments all
right Oh
fightin Baqarah
sure was nice yesterday ah come on today
to beat the comments I'm like holy holy
holy x' so that's all we've all had our
fun games now let's all make up and be
friends and you know ignore the negative
comments you know I mean don't don't
feed into it like let's all be positive
let's all be friends
I don't worry awful I know we have it in
us she taught me all of the sacona
yoli's at least we have that in common
that's a start
see you guys tomorrow hi
