oh yeah it's like a cross between mr.
Tumnus and Imran the sayings
good morning friends and how are you
today I am mighty good I am mighty good
and we were going to make today the best
day well it's pretty not gonna be the
best day but we're gonna try and be
really happy and making it a good day
because Jesse was such a good day and I
got so much done like I actually got out
in the fight I motivated myself to be a
better person
I don't know was a better person because
that's be honest I think I've reached
the climax of my ability to be better
but am I definitely felt better about
myself yesterday I was I was really
happy cuz I think I kind of hit a bit of
a slump lads for the last few months the
tiredness would be the kids over the
night and then what I was doing was like
I kind of I'd sat down too much and I
gotten used to and then you started
making excuses the way you can't do
things well no more today is the second
best day I love the best here just
wanted to evidence that I was ready
your hair looks nice though look like a
country music singer don't break my
heart my Achy Breaky alright just don't
think we are heading to a meeting which
we're late for which is kind of
embarrassing because we scheduled the
meeting to be in our hometown funny
enough whenever I have meetings no we
have a meeting in gleam offices
we'll make it into central London when
we make them have meetings in our local
town we're late that's bad so sorry hold
on everybody that's coming for being
late don't really have an excuse except
for that I'm trying to I'm just trying
to get everything done for Ireland this
weekend and I'm getting ideas for oh
right for you oh I haven't forgotten
and then Jonathan came back saying he's
like oh you're going to girls club today
I've just kill oh cool they're so
excited and I was like sorry about that
no we're not and I was trying not to say
anything to Amelia I didn't say
intimidate oh sure no no I don't have to
drop the ball we're having some mom chat
in the car park yeah and he was all like
yeah so they can't wait to see you today
at girls club I was like mmhmm nobody
said that you were like oh I I was not
going yeah and I feel really bad because
I feel really guilty I know how much you
mean you're like stop but I'm like
feeling really overwhelmed because I
somebody scheduled a book tour in Arlen
three days back to back wonder who did
that I want to sleep my peoples I know
right whoever is getting to double a
point because we normally do like a
meet-and-greet right and then like a day
off and then assigning and then like a
day all cozy blast yeah but this is like
and there's no midterm we have to do the
UK once you're in the midterm so the
only way to make Ireland work is Friday
Saturday anyway it's called half-term
that's like get with the program okay
oh you're actually not
nobody likes comments if you like oh
this I love this tree this every time I
think this tree I think it makes me feel
kind of happy we're gonna get a parking
space right here right now and
everything's gonna be great and we're
only gonna be seven minutes today I
think how you feeling oh I could I could
fit in there no I couldn't get in there
amazing okay Ronny seven minutes late so
minutes is like sorry guys if you're
watching this right it's a 30-minute one
so it's got to be a 30-minute meeting
but then we're not enough come back for
two hours do you remember we first moved
to the UK and we got a parking ticket
it's are you serious these weren't that
was not there I can't go back ten
minutes is still appropriate
inappropriate lateness
yeah probably I always sit in the back
just don't have a lot
Tripp says I'm eating so much wheat over
your harity there for a minute
so we've just established and I'm gonna
actually put on Amelia's necklace this
morning it's a nice one it wouldn't
match your outfit yeah I didn't get one
maybe for Christmas I'll get honestly
Coney necklace I always wear my wedding
ring on that's what I'm getting from a
wedding ring Oh congratulations guys oh
no no no he's a little shark man on the
shark shark time he's gonna bite daddy's
arm shark attack you see a shark attack
short Chuck Jack it's a new you adds a
new TV show concept we're going for
working towards
what I have your scooter in the car
mister you got to go quick
come on what I was going to hug me
anyway so we're in that meeting for 6500
years but guys you know what's hilarious
I think this is hilarious right so
yesterday we put out the video about the
house come on hop in we're gonna be late
yes sir you put out the video about the
house and everything in town you guys
story about it
did we not gonna swim we did why no um
well you know what you're right because
I haven't even uploaded that yet but by
what time you're watching this we have
and then today I might have stumbled
upon we might have stumbled upon
something just hilarious
what is this n come up yeah would you
put your arm right that's it logging off
anyway it is funny that when I finally
it's putting out when we finally told
you guys the story about what happened
with the house whenever I that and then
the next day okay let's go this way no
we're gonna walk you to know we're late
we're late we're late we're late we're
late
yeah it's not funny just as
when a you're like oh I really feel like
I want to tell everyone a story about
what happened and then I tell you and
then the next day got some news about
something so the world's a funny one the
world's a funny one like that in red
sack
let's go this way careful careful
careful man this is a big drop what are
you doing where are you going you're
gonna get soaked come on we gotta go
anyway guys when we were away over
Glasgow for the weekend Eric actually
vlog tons with the kids I forgot that I
left her camera so I am we haven't
really done that much today we had we
were stuck in a meeting for ages and
doing lots of work boring stuff - we
didn't vlog so for your viewing pleasure
enjoy this montage gee I don't even know
because that's new edited but I assume
Jonathan don't forget to edit this bit
in of the kids at the weekend while
we're in Glasgow and I'll see you on the
other side sure you wait for me
one
and then
the bracelets here
I'm sir Wow that's how you know you guys
are becoming big boys and girls we're
coming home from school in the dark what
can you not come over come on let's see
if you can do it good boy go boy and the
next foot you're doing it you can do it
I believe I can fly don't go back come
on
step over good lads huh
good man yourself come on you mean yeah
I hope you enjoyed the Amelia and
Eduardo weekend without the parents
video experience we got to run home now
because we got to get home and pack guys
well actually I got to go home and bring
Theo to the vet but no Erik is coming
mommy dad you have to go to Ireland yeah
Erik is gonna come for guys no chocolate
no chocolate what can you make come on
come on be careful be careful what all
right hold on daddy hold on steadies
pocket dirty hold on tight hold on tight
okay now run run it off run it off so
flighty bow faster it's not read too
early because the meeting reads have
four o'clock the first signings at four
o'clock tomorrow we're gonna Belfast and
then Oh to Cork and then to Dublin
actually while you're watching this
video yeah we're in the middle of a
signing in Belfast
what about you follow us hope you're
having a real good time maybe you're
actually watching this in the queue
waiting to meet me if you're watching
this in the queue waiting to meet me
when you come up to me say marshmallows
and I'll know it's our secret code word
if I do forget say marshmallows you said
it in a video to tell you that I
remember it in the video because there's
a good chance that if you get by then
okay gotta go
let's go boys and girls what are you two
doing
I would never blog you it's the end of
the nice don't get a fresh but that
sounds like O'Neill and one night you
like to get a fright
I'm just been walking in now anyway are
you pack for us mm-hmm I haven't written
a back enos but we did come sayers both
of us about two hours ago and we were
all about getting packing but am i
edited a vlog though he missed for me
and Alessia oh that is more than I have
which means that I know what to grab
tomorrow hmm
but I do need to actually physically pas
I think it was a very good day it was
very progressive day in our lives our
house may be haunted
don't be alarmed fun fact okay we
haven't done a mean greeting quark in
six years we did that we did the Dublin
flow and have our Music Center and like
a year or two ago
Oh two or three years ago what have you
done oh yeah what is this
it like some sort of like mr. Thomas or
something hello Giles welcome to D
welcome to the Wardrobe of Narnia
there's a little Narnia people what do I
call mr. Thomas something else mr.
jumble I got him
like a child entertainer and the other
is like a go-go their similarities they
both have mister in their name it's like
a cross between mr. Tumnus and them ran
the sings those people they're called
something youtubers there's a name for
them oh you mean uh mallet or mediate or
matador anyone have a phone no we're
going we're not googling we're asking
Siri right goodbye friends thanks Bart
she tastes video don't forget to
subscribe and hit the like button and
watch videos that are floating on your
screen and we'll see you guys tomorrow
maybe I don't know the Irish Wars gonna
be mental I will leave you with this
wonderful order dance routine use it
again for us trying to get you in your
legs in the shot it's difficult
Oh Oh crisscross gonna make you cut this
this is this is the thumbnail right now
it's happening the toenail or the - mr.
Tumnus mr. Tumnus Dale
