good morning my flock of sheep good
morning my wife and my co peep
she could have right when you came in
the stairs free yeah cuz I think in she
came money because I think she might not
really know how would you be playing oh
yeah hello no don't be scared don't be
scared hotel for breakfast our dough
I'll be what you have for breakfast this
morning
there you go oh it's a good start to
today
music good start today my actually yeah
oh oh oh mauled are the Wold you can
have this one and said mmm yum yummy are
we going on a secret adventure today
don't tell the media it's excited you go
to a roof party remember we talked about
love not too much love no your love
boundaries oh it's not your looms gun oh
yeah
Victoria stole your looms
I guess the truth when she can talk the
stuff schiavelli the stories huh
here's looking effect we're going to
this our kind of a work party thing
tonight it's pretty cool it's on the
it's on a roof in central London so like
a roof party in central London that
sounds awesome they should be able to
see the entire city which is pretty cool
but am i right Santa Barbara's it's open
but Anna just rang me and told me that I
have the wheels for duardo stroller in
the back of my car
second off back to the car park now
she's coming this way anyway I just go
there oh yeah looking forward to the
party tonight
Eduardo's coming to the doors go to a
roof party tonight which is pretty cool
Media has never been to a party and
tonight will not be her roof party debut
there you go
be calm Rivero beam to a roof party we
did the roof party friends just pushing
my ghost baby wrench this weather is
psychotic it's like hot cold hot cold
hot cold I put on my jumper because I
thought it was cold and now I'm really
hot hmm so my mom just got me a present
from my house from this place
Nantucket I love this place I just want
to buy everything in there but she got
me one of those great things that I
wanted for either the coffee table or
the kitchen table I'm not really sure
they're really pretty I think I can put
it in here
so I didn't want to carry it around him
hello hallo Eduardo good same here in
this world oh I was just committed
hairdressers and I saw a Nicastro like
don't weaken it oh my goodness you guys
say yeah all right that guy another
biker replace like them a lot
we talk about men
in here it's running away lads they
don't see my hair let me know in the
comments because they used to fill my
head and I'm just making a quick exit
what it just feels that way he's like
he's like you know you helped me feel
that way more than anybody else no one
else pretty even notices that's going on
but self-conscious you know and here
I'll go home to engineer my or no blue
blue then a blue LED blue blob Libra so
I'm home Shh
so you know the girl Victoria um who
looks after it kind of minds the media a
bit in the morning um she's actually you
know Francesca that's Francesca's little
sister
I don't know when you've never known
that I didn't notice they kind of look
alike but they kind of don't look alike
at the same time it's crazy
anyway it's her birthday tomorrow right
I figured it out so look I got her a
Mickey mez cake ha ha Mickey clubhead
cake for tomorrow I'm gonna hide it here
in the car because when she comes in the
morning she's actually 21 tomorrow so I
thought before any together cuz Minnie's
on it so again I mean it'll get a kick
out of that and like I was like I got
her two and a 1 and a cute card
ah in that cute so we are going to crew
for Erica I think she wanted to go into
here I didn't even notice this place we
were in Paper Chase for a while getting
stuff for media because she likes
Emilia what's this
what is it play cross home come on why
really want to give this cross on to the
doggies I think see oh no it's okay it's
still good just a little bit moist
around the edge across on come on come
on let's go have ourselves a snoozy
jacuzzi you want to smooth a jacuzzi
yeah it's newsy Jacuzzi jacuzzi bunky
lucky do sometimes you understand what
you're saying
and sometimes you haven't a clue
although she's pretty good at like
putting like random sentences together
don't beat me with a balloon don't out
the face is mischief watch watch watch
oh what's wrong
hmm you got up to Annie and with the bed
too late oh good that's what happens
okay that happens to all of us okay
and if you go out on a Friday night and
you party too hard this is exactly
what's good is what you will look like
so kids learn from media don't party too
hard
some party too hard this is what happens
can you say I'm party too hard you say I
party too hard I love you too our doors
fall asleep holding on his hand so cute
you know
can I get my hand in the other side so
look
that's Big Ben over there no it's not
but it's good-looking no I don't think
it is
there's no others we've been behind it
sorry I was talking about the other
thing over there
like watch tell black white shower the
Nights Watch
you ready for it
ultimately Silhouette situation right
now
sinem school alone
and as I the biggest band in the world
where's Holly
come on let's go Chicka Chicka Chicka
Chicka Chicka so for Jessica's come bad
news
we're not on the river we're on the roof
lights that can hold it no no all day
all they have me you got a garden join
just go home
we're honored it's no roof party Senate
roof party Eduardo made a little friend
hello little friend
he's not very little like you I can
it's the biggest baby in the world
no oh wait that's bullet saliva was it
laughs they had a big meeting an
important meeting
enjoy every board meeting it right I
made it you chew up in me twice Roger I
didn't know
oh my garden up we should bring Anna fee
here we should want Anna fee undefeat an
epic movement and I was like it's Kevin
hey it's a new word I do hope you know
how do you make Zoey a jokey but then it
sounds like selfie Sophie yeah she did I
imagine it again we got my people yeah
what I did is I showed you the walkie
she gets both sides
it's a 20-pound notes like that right
yeah and then when you were looking at
what Adam it to you Roger
anyone want 100 euros and 20 pounds your
Milo's device Mac in cars
take a card you crazy mixed-up kid in a
car turn it into money
guys remember your car I'll tell you it
was the five of spades sorry
yeah yeah I knew that that's really
common see you have all these cards here
there's only one card upside down take
it out - no but never King nothing here
but it's an earring okay okay it gave
you so much out
I have change it up I said I named your
car tonight
okay name your card Bob okay you get it
yeah no well let me explain when I asked
you I asked you to think of a constantly
happening to it we're going to do I
should I've named it yeah and I named it
yeah Oh my name is Bob but you haven't
even named a card yeah
what did you have in your mind King your
heart yeah now do you want me to show
off a lot show off is awesome sure okay
well I knew yeah it's very common for
you to say that um you know see I've got
a prediction if I give it up prediction
then yeah yeah tell me when you can see
what it is
anyhow um very common not the card you
oh thank you got it my name is Bob
before you said the leaking heart yeah
right right right
do you get it now what why I forget it
Louise getting after it wardo the
tributes packet don't take across ragini
champagne and a magician is back right
along the edge I can't see it yeah yeah
and just along the top there right some
write your PIN number I'm going to find
your card at Matlock is it a red one red
one what's the matter with you
incredible how awesome this is what is
it really cool
well the artwork and stuff it's very
rustic oh we're having so much fun
tonight oh my god dammit gee she is
incredible isn't he
I cannot believe that I actually like
pull that one in the picture me how did
you know in the middle of photocopy
thing my mind is blown my mind is blown
that water is hot it's not misleading oh
my god this guy's she changed that world
with one hand in 20 seconds
incredible incredible how was it for you
boys it got me here and stolen our child
we have stolen had his child
Oh when I had him he was like really
happy so I don't I think so no Cena Cena
Jacinta jeez man like Oh rats
he's the liquor cheap whoa oh they're
down come yourself yourself it was a fun
night
what's going on here like lads won the
shift one of the ship without lugs shift
doing some shift work hey don't be
shifting me there's enough of me to go
around lads oh this is enough for me to
go around
hmm see you guys tomorrow bright and
early no delays suppose some sort of an
enslaved coming your way
museums or even industry coming your way
oh hello and welcome to Joe feast oh
geez how awesome is that ends late and
how awesome was it that this morning
Amelia Tata was an awesome idea to wake
up with like six or seven or something I
can come in and atrocious you at me and
I only got to bed in like three or four
and it was amazing and never going into
London City to walk around the VNA for a
couple of hours I have the best life
ever
oh my god Hey look at the way ed why
it's like sitting there working and
Emilia order up she's so cute
that's a lot about it's late hope you
guys enjoy today's video wasn't a
magician amazing on my mind still blown
how he managed to know that the King of
Hearts thing and then the card with my
patronage my god like we're and
therefore like I don't know we're gonna
have like four or five hours there was
so much fun for them and was cool to
hanging out other youtubers and just
like chillin chillin like villains and I
hope you enjoyed today's footage
collection and I should see you guys
tomorrow um feel free to leave your
jockeys toasty order in the comments
below and you see your man there the
apron he will fulfill her
