morning my friends my little friend just
by here party guys
two big chunks of party ice you know why
because all we thought it was a good
idea to tell me to a dunk myself an ice
under has changed fantastic let's hope
it stays this way
so my devilish plan lads right is to go
out on y'all rubber
all right that's a cycling buckle for
anyone who doesn't speak escuela do ban
under honor
do you like 20 mile or so bike ride get
all nice upon sweaty whoo whoo yeah
let's go
how many tracks also trenches that
that's also trying to figure out should
I wear more clothes or less clothes when
being dumped ice it's a hard decision
I've ever been dumped all right so I
don't really know what's the what's the
uniform what's the acquired dress
decorum when being dunked with ice I
don't know came free shirt is a book
kitchen down here Lucas Bukit this one
era OOP oh there's actually a my mom
gave me this lucky too bad for babies
because apparently they really like it
they like stand in there somewhere which
is kind of cool
it doesn't do nicely I don't want
everybody excuse me excuse me everybody
no exam to simmer this is my second
attempt top cracking my car first time I
spent about 20 minutes trying to park in
the space trying to fit in a space I
kept getting closer to this is what
happens to every single time I keep
getting closer and closer to like I'll
try and go in and I keep getting closer
to the one that I don't want to be
closer to I can't park to save my life
like it's actually a disgrace
seriously I don't know what to do it
myself
this one is okay but I'm totally crooked
but I actually don't even care I thought
I wasn't ever gonna get out of that
other one Eric I was like trying to tell
me what to do and I was just like I
could do it I kept getting it was so
close I had to pull in my mirror and
pull in the other person oh my god okay
looking for my mom for breakfast
I might get some of these what'd you
think yeah so we have some pastry I
wanted to get across on what the
croissants are all gone so we're gonna
settle with these we make a bunch of
flowers and Eduardo oh he's actually
awake there you go yeah you can see oh
boy
usually I bring these with your kids
look at the more than this thing though
all right where is she
husband isn't home this thing is like I
don't know what happened I be sittin in
the man's an accountant to the road and
the things like dead so I put some air
into it and let's hope that I still even
works it
right there we run away to Box Hill
timeless to make it a buck still them
back and then do the water challenge
that's a piece of a bride Sloane and the
old progress here
I just want to came out in the road I
was like now normally these things are
pretty alright catch you later
scandalous carry out of a drought ha and
we're done back to my awesome you parked
car oh I'm home you know that means it's
time for the fight or nice I don't think
this fire involves but there's
definitely icing above oh my goodness
that's a lot just make sure it's broken
up so it doesn't like cut me up no no
put the hot one on you nice and toasty
like a shower oh you look so pretty
don't hit me in the face that's what
he's SP over me don't hit me in the face
come on I mean there oh my god we did it
you got crazy brain freeze oh my
goodness I need you guys get yourself
new Amelia hang in sir bravery I know
I'm not staring through the shower yeah
let the dogs take that daddy
there we go and that's organization hi
there we go there's my I need 120 no
it's not a hundred but then I was like
ah sure sure
there we go 124 ice bucket challenge
complete complete yo thank you so much
you're welcome good luck in your fight
are you excited to see oma then she has
an idea but uh that's hopefully unlike
Erica oh we went to the wrong place
that's hopefully to make the right place
what
yeah come on why are we going we're
gonna see oh man all aboard
look at her the way she sleeps with
other toys in the car it's so cute
alright let us go with the flow
don't you know be good
Hello Kitty can wait in the car now
let's hope today friends we are at the
right Airport and they're not at the
wrong Airport what happened with Erica
but I went to the Northland I said this
one is that one so hopefully we're right
huh
shortly help me suddenly walking just
Ivy's here cute you like this has gotta
be the right place because this is like
completely different right like there
again oh I feel like a part
can pee or something it's a big old
airport it's a big old airport friend
yeah what come on it's okay
this trip that's why we didn't bring
Hello Kitty as well
get past agreement yeah
Wow welcome to the future
this is pretty cool okay let's go
we have found the arrival section oh
there's OMA
I see OMA Eric if you see OMA you see
Amelia
I mean there was OMA he's at me they're
like what the hell what are you guys
doing here no I didn't realize they were
here if you realize yet what's oh ma
please
oh ma meaning in a blue dress
thank you that's for me is it go go go
go show them where to go you shutting it
away
uh-oh someone was throwing ice all over
the place there this morning
Oh Melia Amelia come on attack attack
sit down step the girl go go go go step
up
what a car jockeys toasties is now in
business
yeah I got many big as I make it oh my
goodness
everyone can the cheese and ham the
roast D cheese succulent and rounded mm
let alone which is almost better hey
look this one's more expensive what do
people know how do we get the cheese
that's gonna lie for a minutes I have
the youtubes open we need to build this
bad folks that's the bad part I think
that's probably the two side parts
that's the back part and maybe the front
part or something like that please be
kind of quiet begins
let's try to think before we go ahead
look how many presents we got from OMA
we got Eduardo got a little fox and a
doggie and he's really into toys now
it's so cute like before
oh that's their two monitors interfere
with each other yeah that's what's going
on here okay um so both of them are down
which is really weird it's like that's
his white noise machine his owl and
media's not asleep yet obviously but she
needs to because if her going out
tonight then she definitely needs to
sleep anyway just clearing up a little
bit
you hear advanced owl eight o'clock lads
this is complicated of my life seriously
how cool is that though huh it's like a
double bed oh the double bed or it's the
couch and it's so cool
seriously you thinking of buying one of
these prepare yourself it's so
complicated
that's so pretty isn't it look at the
wood and all it's so pretty but it's so
complicated
mm-hmm so we weren't going to go to
Carlitos for dinner but everybody's so
lazy no I mean I didn't have a nap so
we've decided we're getting Indian
instead we were just joking about this
we were like oh we're gonna pretend now
that we never get take it before careful
good girl
is that Peppa Pig fun her campervan oh I
forgot to put cushions generate oh look
he's been through in his exersaucer
but he needs some cushions because he's
still quite small sorry I forgot about
you this is what happened now I'm
looking for reasons to distract myself
well no one here to buy my aunty bed and
open this thing up and faster to go oh
hi guys we were supposed to go out and
everything that's all come to a an end
we're gonna go to Carlitos down to town
pointy pointy pointy pointy pointy
pointy pointy point got some milk on
your chin roll over here thank you
nothing gonna keep over here or you can
sleep under there I help with the
showers in there all right that's pretty
good though isn't it pretty happy with
that
vlogging my reaction that is cool
oh wow I like it yeah he kind of half
did it they're out there joking it does
look pretty nice what is really yeah
yeah I would say go
that way rather than that way tonight
yeah Jonathan said this way yeah me yeah
but no you're not you're too tall look
yeah look your feet are off the eggs
yeah but I would know like well you
could just not my babe I'm not sure you
can you suck
it's like fine Tina's been my cousin has
the same kind of thing where she has
like you love it first world problems
peace has been prepared by Amelia thanks
Amelia thanks to Mia she's really
working hard hard I was on the diet
anymore what drinks it was your
department I was putting all this
Lavelle a slave I just got one now I was
slaving there was a bitch yeah nice
meaning loves ketchup it's her new
favorite thing she's the cat supper are
you a cat shopper how do you do it
are you queen Vibha queen we move out
yourself your friends
let's go eat ourselves into a coma and
wending we certainly war not was hungry
so I decided to use to insulate from
hungry oh my goodness oh that was crazy
yesterday so much happened the icing is
insane like I actually I leave a link
down below to the video if you guys want
to watch it it's like I'm not explaining
your brain like switches off for a
second like the minute the ice water
hits your head it's like your brain just
like stop for a second and you just
can't remember anything
you know and you're like trying to
nominate people to do it and you're just
like I don't even know what I think I
can't remember what's my name
I came from my own name it's mental oh
but um yeah definitely um if you guys
want to go do it you should totally do
it and support the charity give you $100
in and it's pretty cool apparently
they've got like 11 million dollars
since people started doing this so
that's pretty cool that's better than
the Harlem shake because it actually has
a purpose to it you know anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow thanks so much for
watching today's video and in the like
button and all the nice comments of
lately you guys are amazing
best friends BFF for life yo and stay
hungry but
