excuse me oh ma Nana you want a banana
which one a banana for and who put all
this stuff here here don't you pardon
sir Mita it's for her birthday
stop looking don't look at this didn't
Anna what are you talking to man uh-huh
Anna's on the phone to her mom what you
want a frappe with a Frappuccino what a
plop plop plop I had nice news this
morning in a nice bed it's actually
quite comfortable we're going to try and
have lunch though we're going for lunch
values of those chicken checks so I'm
gonna try and find a Nana's it is like
half three so having a late lunch that's
it's a late lunch a late lunch
eh get dressed oh you need to get
dressed
what do people think what do people say
people say hey you there in a Mickey
Mouse pajamas
all right so high five
boom next one this morning
high five high five she's mad first can
I have a high five high five yeah whoo
here Erica we're going to Nigel's but
will you stay here and just fix all the
build this stuff thanks thanks
hello Eduardo welcome to crawly niggas a
scroll in there yeah been here before
this is where the nearest nanos was well
there's a couple options but at one is
north one was sad then I could have gone
to the airport I figured this one cuz
you don't said High Street and I was
like that one was closer High Street one
but I was like man does that mean I will
be Oh has the park ages away see what's
behind this door oh my god we're in the
epicenter lights Bela Italian pizza
heart TGI Fridays Nando's Frankie and
Benny's never been to Frankie pennies in
my life
McDonald's like when you get ripped or
you know other way let's do that pub
crawls imagine you like a food crawl
sorry Frankie and Betty's and like work
your way around
come on Amelia chip pretty chop okay so
it's - there was like a 20-minute
waiting time
all these chicken checks and we decided
to come to Frankie's I've never been
your Frankie than Benny
Frankie's give me comments you ever meet
frankie zammeti she got a phone back
nice baby hello oh no and wider with it
what's it wide again mm-hmm this is so
difficult lads you don't understand our
commune German life seriously right the
menu is like like it's so much to choose
from it's almost too much no waffles and
pancakes oh my god I gave myself such a
fright you know she give us such a Frank
to like just as she walked in the door
just a mirror there actual Bronson well
sorry I was like talk I apologize to
myself I thought I walked in on someone
in the toilet but it was actually me
walked in on us friend huh I walked in
on us let's get a cool room with it
stuff up there
yes
yes
Oh
all right if you doing
we've crossed new a new reading time in
our lives and I had a lunch when I'm
feeding a child amazing look at this I
was able to suit him I feel accomplished
rocket Robin
Media loves this place this giving his
favorite diner
I know
straight dancing around trophy and we
all that Sunday's on Sundays oh my god
real Sundays at Sunday haha look at the
balloon is doing it's made of Minas hair
all static look at it it's so funny
reckon we lost the balloon along the way
it's so fun you like it don't we care
okay let's go come on we got to get home
and you think it's okay to kick my
apples you're hello okay and let's go
into the dogs hello hello puppies did
you guys build the IKEA stuff only
didn't some maybe they'll build the IKEA
stuff your wife got a couple of dead
dogs there lady
hey you know what the balloons get
inside get inside what do you do is you
get inside get is that okay let's go
gonna put in air Cologne
ah ah we just a pack of dogs
we're packing dogs roaming around Wow
Doug's check it out sleds oh well you're
so tall
Oh Oh No
what are you gonna do what's your plan
do you have a plan or a piano Louie
you do mmm oh my goodness lads so Joey
just tied me Zoe
cookie cookie
you know Zoe whoa whoa whoa we just tied
me in the ALS charity ice bucket thing
so hoping tomorrow is gonna be super
sunny super sunny
oh my god so much easier for people who
live in like LA and stuff where it's
super hot boys everybody man it's so
much colder here in England I'm kind of
focus see ya tomorrow I'm gonna head up
to a marcin's and viola and shipment of
ice fill up a bucket and basically just
pour it on myself that's going to be fun
actually it may already actually be up
on the second channel because this is
Dave behind and many have 24 hours to do
as well so that's like totes fun so you
might be a link below if you want to
watch me
my butt so nice of myself or maybe or
may not be I'm not 100% sure
you don't die back so Jonathan is
forcing us to go out into the night and
forage for food and media stop that
Jonathan she was like taking wipes out
and then putting them in the bin
what yeah she like took it oh my god
that dog at me I just went up to the
lamp and she's like like what's that oh
I am primer barging barging people
targeting for figure out yes coming
tomorrow you'll never guess who
if your guess comments down below it's a
wanker Jonathan was like oh tomorrow we
have to pretend like we cook home-cooked
meals and like this no tickets anymore
we are amazing I guess and my mom can
just watch the blogs and know that we're
taking taking out well not every night
but you know it's kind of like a holiday
is he with mango no Jonathan he is four
months old ready here we go
testify ready go Oh what did you for
yeah like know what if you don't like to
know Oh Mia what if you don't even muted
it
you're gonna mine yeah you like yeah
that's the boy chill dry your face
Jonathan like this what Francesca see if
she's walking in it you'll be like oh my
jessica is an international fear on that
arrest here not be good I think when you
have kids you just don't even care
anymore or maybe it's just your own kids
actually I don't know how I feel if
somebody else through another child's
not be in my face I probably do quite a
that's all he got that's it we just gave
you for the water you want me to hold
that yeah hold on okay that is it water
and shake yeah that was that shake you
order nothing else I have no idea
nothing that no plane I hope that I hope
they don't give me anything else yeah we
should just wait here just in case yeah
it's a good traffic traffic hectic
traffic yeah Prabhakar will move or
assisted don't you don't you have me
dude don't you be handing me food now
whatever you do you guys want him over
here want to get in on anything we I
think I can surprise that fire if you
still be very scary what's that oh what
a cheeseburger Amelia hey everybody say
cheese burger Oh looks like a cheese oh
boy
you take it up yeah cheese burger
fingers give her her fingers on the labs
are going and sing jeez right here
fingers good there's food under go we
got nothing I've done nothing and I got
nothing I do what the hell I just bought
that map yeah I know Erica what are you
20 you don't put ketchup here I can't
actually
what did white again got a can I get a a
Mac boob meal imagine about boob milk
but he spiked heels
I'm here now have more
no come on let's go okay before you go
to bed you two exercises oh okay this is
called illusion work come on Newt or
Spearman
oh oh oh and that's the story of how
Melia got a bet
and this is me in a pair of lederhosen
like this we're so funny-looking
diddle-iddle diddle-iddle what have I
got there is that is that a drink or
something that I don't even look at it
wardo and is it later oh is it me
Eduardo hesitated and then in the media
it's so funny like we got some cake I'm
not really sure if the guy in the top
right is but yeah it's a fun one thanks
for watching today's episode guys don't
forget to check out the ALS video which
I think it might have been done by now
I'm not really 100% sure I'm sitting
here in the morning time of the day I'm
going to head up to Mars and grab loads
of ice and then I'm gonna go out on a
bike and then I'm gonna come back and
then I'm gonna get two iced one on me
sounds like a lot of fun hope you
enjoyed today's episode um leave nice
comments thanks for likes thanks for
being my friend
thanks for being my friend I appreciate
that I appreciate you yeah I do
bye
