oh no oh good girl no touchy touchy no
touchy touchy no touchy touchy what did
you do what did you do did you go touchy
touchy no touchy touchy no touchy touchy
no touchy touchy
oh yeah nice moves hi friends welcome to
today's video episode ik episode gray
this is not that bad actually you should
totally check it it's a silly area clock
and then I sat so mommy is that please
that me no Arlo hello our dough gaze it
so cute
you're amazing you're repeating things
even repeating that you shouldn't even
if you think that you should what
say banana blueberry okay
hooray
Media is wallet little so-and-so You
cheeky little so-and-so
if back her money put it all back what
was going on in here yeah what's going
on and yeah yeah at his room do you like
this room
money let's put her money back in her
wallet okay yeah turn now so Eduardo
didn't get a bounce last night because
he was too tired I think he just fell
asleep in my arms
actually I just put him to bed but he's
a stinky baby so I'm gonna give him one
now he's out dude you stink though stink
and our sheets stink too so grows from
like milk and just like oh they need to
be changed so often when I'm
breastfeeding because it's just like
gross
honey what are you singing
same day this is oh that's cool well but
I bet there's some kind of education
yeah there's always Nash you happy
wearing a yellow t-shirt yeah it'll be
something like Donna anyway this is Eric
has first time at I may never leave we
may never get out of Ikea I know we're
here and I'm excited to drop the car
back in again get it at valet because it
is such a good club last time in the car
it's so dirty
is it is it before we can get it that's
what it look like before hands with you
it looks like after hands okay let's go
let's go get lost you wanna hold hands
good girl we trained her well okay well
I don't know what you're talking I can't
see anything
nope no if it's an illusion
it's a mirage it doesn't actually exist
I'd step you go RT yeah
stray dogs elevator
now oh that's nice
you're asking we're here we were so new
we're only in the country like five
minutes wrong we actually didn't like I
drove here like ready Candace at now I
know more I ran so good that I am I am
like a sat-nav it's my nickname now go
sat-nav huh can you smell the meatballs
they're gonna smell they smell meatball
core elevator party hi if rahein know
everybody has left us Emilia she's
meeting a meeting here and I sitting
over one of those couches when Erika
she's breastfeeding huh he's headed over
to catch it's probably a lot more
comfortable and easy wooden tables here
but amigo still eating so we decided I
would stay with her while she finishes
her
Taman cheese hey hey fades engine eat
your food
shut your mouth eat your dinner that's
what my mama said to me I never liked
then you'd be like being cheeky don't
you have your mouth closed rub mmm I can
I can what you gonna drink a juice
teacher having cheese bear to have a
feed yeah
Theo to have a beat was it a C+ Swedish
I know someone came running along with
hangers who was it who came running
along with hangers yeah so I had carpet
my room it is as a kid this is like the
greatest invention in the world you get
your toys you basically have like a
little world
Oh for a meal look like it's kind of
cool-looking look at the pond one you
know you can put it over the carpet
hi Erica's got her I can see Erica's
hair Wow
look Erica is that cool imagine that was
there for your birthday mention getting
up your birthday
would you like that yeah she said she'd
like that for her birthday but if it's
the one behind okay let's go
this is not why we came here one in
Amelia just picked up a little nice
thing which is like cuddling it off in
the line
and it looks like winning a little
mouses of me
he's so cute
where's Amelia really in here huh
is itcool bad what I'm sorry 80 pounds I
think we should totally like you're in a
bar abet and changing it for this one
I'll be epic it comes with a cool
painting what bounds bounds
is it bouncy bed
she's like who's that we got the day bed
started this is one we're getting here
that's the one there me get climbed all
over it
he's it climb is it good for a climbing
oh yeah Murphy yeah oh we have over here
yeah so we got one score dear diary I
was brought in here under false pretense
I am now being held hostage this Charlie
was not supposed to have that many
things in it
she keeps finding things it's just oh
wait oh I need money I need a pillow she
want me to a pillow land all the time
there's pillows but yet she finally
seems to get is that it now are we done
look at this voice were part of a garden
in there how did that happen oh is that
become a necessity in towels and cups
and hangers and what what oh my goodness
we might actually done it and when I
actually completed the game of Ikea I
never got to this level before
this is the first I've ever gotten the
IKEA game they will try to play the IKEA
game stay in this game folks but I think
oh no wait a second this isn't the exit
this isn't the end oh my god is a bonus
level all my goodness is two components
level and just at the end oh my goodness
it is like chopsticks went in there to
offer what's happened it's like a time
machine you go in there don't go in
whites exactly don't don't be confused
by this Oh No there's a huge delivery
coming tomorrow oh my god our car is
over here somewhere look at it over
there nice and shiny it's all clean
whoa-oh Melia knows it's all clean it's
so shiny good my whining made it home we
made it home Amelia I mean II don't wash
oh you want milk
well milk what kind of milk yawn you
aren't milk what do you want milk you
want more you are more milk look at
these cool milkshake cups we're gonna be
though the boys in our yard now you
start making milkshakes
hello Eduardo hello hello this your
milkshake make all the boys go wild
whatever the best um malt wait how old's
this one oh that's just for this morning
oh that's just a few weeks ago when
penny is it are you playing shop where
you getting new one pennies from little
supply under here
hi hi can I come to the shop please can
I have two bananas please two bananas
how much it how much is two bananas how
much is two banana right okay one banana
please no - banana please can I get two
bananas can I also have a monkey can I
have one monkey please oh you have one
in stock available today oh thank you
very much
oh I thought I was gonna have to wait oh
okay
daddy's laptop how no touchy touchy no
touchy touchy
he's Gerardo he's your monkey one penny
please Oh mother peace oh my goodness
they're gonna have so much fun when
they're older playing together you're
hiding behind a leaf there a wedding
Peggy low and mighty one penny hi guys
cheaters big bad mama gotta go to the
fetcher
it used to be midnight adventures now
it's like lady you gonna get that yeah
it's like 8 o'clock 8 o'clock adventures
but it's mine for my dad's butt
just madness in Our Lives there's maxify
and you're gonna get some ice cream or
something that's crazy
as our life is right now yeah of course
as right as it is but we just pretend
that were kid-free for what I'm gonna be
carefree for a minimum of a year yeah
the breastfeeding is one year the
breastfeeding tell em you breastfeed it
media four-year public well once it was
like 12 months and two weeks or
something like let's go order April May
it's the next May we're going to be kid
free next May I'm gonna be like going on
a crazy and no wild adventure way go
ahead and party no I will dump it is
1999 I prolly just sleep well I want a
couple multimeters on real right is it
six months yeah two months say once you
go sporting to go
see you right there is a shadow shadow
ver man hello everybody thank you very
much for watching this video
presentation if you'd like to click on
the suggested videos you can see my draw
my life and my music video thanks very
much for watching and always remember
being canady is the best bye bye now
hi mom and dad is this a live video
we're just at home eating all the wicker
baskets you just bought thanks guys
thanks for watching this Instagram video
oh ok bye bye
how do I turn it off coop coop I can't
get stole my boat
