hello my name is Eduardo security Gary
welcome to the rolls I can jump I can
jump really high I can jump really high
I can dance dance I can dance
would you that what do you that's would
you hate it you look like yeah this is
my son of a thing no not right now
well he was every time you play with him
his pants end up like he's like an old
man I'm in Kerala well he's four months
now whoa next month he'll be like
sitting on that I think yeah I mean it's
so weird to think that like I don't know
maybe him just like a Fed of being
anyway different yeah like we didn't say
not to be like you know that's not be
silly here folks know TT what's the word
yeah but you know what I mean like as in
okay so we're pretty sure that he was
conceived in Sorrento
but like much and he wasn't then he
wouldn't be him he would be somebody
else they would be different like it's
like what are the odds the odds of
making the odds of you exist exactly
it's not just him it's everybody you
have to be watching everybody the fact
that we exist in fact anyone existence
is like so just mental hmm that's why I
remember in like I think it was religion
class I think I religion teacher or suck
it was something to do with religion
anyway they would always say stuff like
you're I'm like everybody is a miracle
and I never understood what that meant
never you guys just like why even the
really mean haters on the internet they
are miracles too yeah but it's true
everybody is an actual living miracle
because it's like all these things line
up for you to exist and if they if they
don't then you're a totally different
person like you don't need
so weird it's really crazy to think that
like we made those two yeah but every
time I hear that I'm just like no like I
just know in my heart and so I'm like no
but marriage is viable hopefully we
don't actually in another couple years
have another child and they're watching
back this video they're like Carluccio's
that's we're gonna call an excellent
Carlito and carnage oh we do look here
we just didn't realize you already exist
at this point but I'm closed for
business
but anyways we're gonna go to surrender
everyone's trying to come back with me
baby no we don't Amelia what n't
conceived in syringe we got married
there yeah yeah I think I know put her
hair up what do you guys think
hi oh Sh oh look at this crazy bird's
nest on their fighting Erica I think
your hair is cool oh I might do that I
might go for the Erica I think you've
had four years to grow it at I don't
think I belong here
when I said I was 15 I had a real um I
had it shaved all up here during my
Metallica days what how do you know
continue to be accurate really be a prep
boy he's like Ralph Lauren colors oh it
looks okay so many matters long hair I'm
like regardless anybody anyone I always
think like that point although you know
Andy yeah the King's heir when we
watched him in the tree girls yeah he
looked better with the shorter hair then
he didn't Kings there hmm
suppose that were joined by my receding
hairline means that if I ate long hair
would look really weird with my hairline
SATs are in here somewhere
okay great Poindexter I do I look like
my dad the same hair
this is a very hairy conversation cuz
Erica's gettin Erica what are you gettin
none Valley I beli are you guys oh bali
ashes I thought of the camera in the
middle are paddy guys by I'm from Bali
eyes summer summer summertime ring Betty
you know somewhere this thing is over
huh
hello it'll do wonders for the grass
blame cuz I want to try it my magical do
up to do wop wop wop doo wop wop it
actually sucks dogs up that's rich
handsome cheese you know that that's
which one you want pick one that's which
one that one okay you can have the
middle one Eric I just took first bite
of her bagel is good yeah we used the
chili gem I haven't tasted it yet did
you put any intermediates no no she
likes it though we haven't had baked
whoa we have now for the past few days
before that we hadn't had bagels and
ages so I'm gonna give you some corn
okay Amenia is obsessed with these
yogurt
Peppa Pig yogurts they're so cute and
they're like bite sized to only a pie
wound
Oh
that's not hard oh that's oh my show her
he's over there yeah can I hold it
yeah so you finished your lunch you have
so Eric anticipating my mom and her
facetiming and in the middle of it oh
hold on a second I'm just gonna drop my
bike for one second I'm just gonna grab
my cake board word of the picky eating
Oh YUM where it's not from oh yeah
the one with the cupcakes yeah didn't
you get cupcakes from them before which
toy do on that oh my goodness are you
understanding me is that what's
happening right now my advice if you
start on are we going to stand on father
are we standing on father you want to go
buddy bumps oh yeah
am I your best friend my best friend
tell me I'm here but hey daddy's my best
friend no although that is your best
friend
well I always be your best friend
because I need some video evidence that
I can show you later on it Oh
hello then turn on the shower and we see
what happens no no no no
don't do it
oh there's so much fun come on let's go
to bed
so I've seen a troll back right and this
is a book animators book for me I don't
have a lot of baby pictures because my
parents got divorced and everything got
lost but here's a pile of them
Anna made this book boy put this picture
up here cuz I was like oh my goodness
look at me
don't I look identical to Marina hope my
brother decide profile one yeah like
look oh my goodness how many like you
would actually think it's Ruth in a way
she's blowing it a little bit lighter
hmm you would totally think that's
immediate so funny isn't it and then
Erica thinks you look like Leah's
birthday
I think Leah's first birthday all that
means that it was 1984 so I was four
years old my picture Craig
oh my goodness is that Erica what is he
a mute on euchre you've muted her now
now figure it out what's going on let go
oh oh oh no no oh my god that will be
mental alright we are going to shoot a
video which might be great this video on
dirt okay you'll have to check I'll
leave a link down below to another
channel we'll see how it works out or
basically we're going to play a game
with the fit bug thingy we're gonna time
ourselves running up and down the stairs
and we're gonna see who has the most
steps in the fastest time
questions for motivation and you can
have a snack at the top but if you waste
our unless you're as long as you're
stepping while snacking you might
actually win what when you get my can
you go wrong choppa dance in my 10 oh no
no we're talking a minute a new town I
see you guys in second oh my god it'll
arias lads that was hilarious no
spoilers but um you need to watch you
need to watch the video down below it is
hilarious you won a little running up an
endless tears game Wow Linden
Linda then bring them in the middle what
do you say we go back inside a little
bit little bit then Linda Linda Linda oh
she's around it it's a safe safety
safety safer
Erik unlike me here Jonathan can you
hear him on the monitor reading -
reading - to say Edwards receive just
again
bikini diet is going so well
well Yolo and we're out of here are we
out of here Mia
are we out of here can you say out of
here no nothing nothing that silence
thanks so much for watching today's
episode eric is very thankful you came
back are you Erica house thankful are
you well that's that's the response and
how does thankful as Anna very thankful
as you can see eto and I'll be are
having it out like a bunch of boys leave
me a comment if you're a bunch of boys
not one boy a bunch of boys you get the
more row
