oh my godness Emilia I mean II huh
I can't keep your heart I know you're
like a little ballerina ballerina girl
Adame oh look you dressed like Hello
Kitty oh yeah you know how can you dress
the same look how okay Wow
Kiki twirls can you twirl
can you fall over it spectacularly
what's your poem in the air yeah Oh
mommy daddy's on me huh what don't catch
it
tell me don't touch daddy you tell me
everyone you paired it here first folks
don't know studies tell me whose are
these shoes oh they're too cool for dad
knows the road trip there that's what
amazing shot oh man it's random trail
thing all right cut the crap on myself
come try blue over that thing looks like
oh my god ow
torence birds but I get its deal here oh
it's so cool isn't it when what's down
there well you can drop down there okay
I know that it's so cool I said she got
pictures then look at that the old Wild
West lads wild rest of England
check it Eduardo's outfit look at him
huh little hippo you like his hat he's
wearing green
hey that's cute poor Eduardo has his
shots
his first shots today I'm so not as for
Sean's but like his first kind of proper
ones
this place is that miles miles arm
Anthony so amazing that view is that so
cool the camera never ever does it
justice eyes ever so amazing oh it's so
amazing experience it together following
this little road here oh man - the rough
oh it's windy oh my goodness you serious
sorry about the wind sorry about the
wind but I make up forevers this holy
crap and that's why you don't blog it
right just filmed a haul video so if you
guys are interested in what I got like
50 million years ago in blue water then
check that out cuz oh I sat on this but
I don't think it's for sitting on I'm
pretty sure if I continue to sit in this
I'm probably gonna break it but anyways
um that was super long time coming
because I meant film that ages ago and I
didn't until now so now I can finally
put all my clothes away and all my
underwear which immediate convinced is
for her she came into me with my
underwear on her head and she was like
mummy present me as presents I was like
nope not quite Oh God I'm not Damon
hi eggy yeah what are you doing why are
you blowing your hand you put your nails
again
we do swatches swatches yeah mommy
teachers do swatches
I don't know if you have to blow out if
not sure what the blowing part is are
you tripping all aboard
Oh lavoy hi Eduardo I'm going to bring
you somewhere when somebody's going to
stop something in your arm but don't be
alarmed it's for the best
it's for the best you believe me don't
you believe me I tried to him is for the
best
uh-huh Billy Harris there'll be tears
hello immediate was pretty good wasn't
she you know she didn't really get too
upset about it never really that nice
no what's the shock of the first time so
I what are you doing are you tearing
today we have a bit of a dilemma we
cannot find a dog groomer like I know
this sounds like I'm making it off I'm
not I have tried so hard to find a dog
groomer for our six dogs in our area but
sometimes it's not dog at this point I'm
not even I'm willing to like travel for
this like I'm willing to like commute to
my dog groomer because it's insane every
time I ring somebody or email somebody
or whatever they're like a sue
there's six of them they say no it's
really annoying yeah sure we can do it
out I've got a space in October exactly
so every day if you are a dog groomer
based in South London or Surrey or that
kind of area right even Brighton I don't
care
within like reach please let me know and
either contact me through like Twitter
is probably the best Twitter or yeah
that's pretty it lots of business a six
dog every like I was explaining people
though on the phone was like it's every
three weeks like we get them groomed
every three weeks usually so it's a lot
of business for whoever wants to take it
but for some reason people just I don't
know maybe I'm calling the wrong people
and maybe I'm just not ready yeah a
mobile groomer would be like perfect yes
very close to the house I was getting to
the point where like we cut them really
short before we left because I thought
that it's something like this would
happen but I didn't think it would be
this long like I thought for sure we
would get a rumor by now
the grotto gotta shuts wait he does the
key anyway take it like a trooper he got
double yeah I remember this yeah then
she just slept like yeah yeah that's
what he's in now mm-hmm he took it like
a trooper oh my god today choc bakery
baby yeah are the latter now ow
Oh give my hug give our no hug with all
your 10 million loom bands there Erica
snowman's are they Daisy's little man's
Eduardo doesn't have any new mans he'd
like at his Navy
poor little fella better cuff day we're
gonna go to bed now okay oh you want to
give me kiss give them all gonna kiss
say I love you our dough okay not too
much not too much just a level of love
is a level of love know your level know
your love level folks don't over love
people that don't want to be over love
are you going to bed with all the toys
and the doggy hockey ticket please oh
babe a ticket you need a ticket
chop-chop toot toot toot toot this
rabbit is driving the train here comes
the big train cheers papa
all aboard all aboard mrs. rabbit then
waves a white flag and blows the whistle
oh the door shuts honk honk and the
train leaves and Amelia sneezes look you
can actually see his little thong it's
funny how to do it in their case they
don't actually put a plaster ending on
it yeah it's different in there yeah you
know cause look maybe that's a better
idea
you know what I'm putting the Dean of
the plaster Nativity Eric loses huh
there's no redness or anything huh yeah
you only give you another shot
goody given anyone play give me another
one
maybe you mean it
no you go up hippies did you do over
packing peepees did you do a
hippies take it why I hate babies did
you get is this Dan yeah I'm coming
under I'm coming in there pepper on
peppers on guys help us on we are
dinosaurs in the Dinah's island you want
to go to bed yeah you want to have a
shower yeah now do you want a book
please yeah but please yeah no do you
want to do maths do you want to do
science do you want to do geography you
want history do you want ice cream dirty
all right do you want a cookie so you
want a cookie an ice cream but you don't
want to go to school and do geography
and maths and science is that what I'm
getting from this there was two in the
bed and the little one said oh oh oh
it's a dark situation folks have to just
imagine you have the instrumentation put
a luminaire ro 0 VAR lo in your bed
what mama gonna read your book
yeah our dough into bed
I'm gonna say no darkly alright what I
don't know what you're talking about
they're so cute in there like at the
theater convention in a few months when
they're my dad wired is actually like it
sleep across the road the road the two
hundred morning they'd be like should be
like running into him you know oh my
goodness no prison alien there's an
actual alien spaceship flying across the
sky sirrah split ring could be an
airplane high flight like werewolf like
I like turns me into a well case you
didn't know could be a couple of doggies
out here somewhere
yeah yeah yeah yeah here you are little
cutie pie
there you go oh good this hi hi hi I'm
the man boys Oh pause oh oh shake dance
around dance around need to like your
mic on I have no idea why I have six
dogs sometimes a quandary
just getting crafty here where is it
the lads aliens are coming I hear but I
do not
oh my god
okay there's a bat a bat just flew past
you like that's God
mom's putting the tune down if you can
hear you reading a book she's read
knowing about their necklace so cute
alright that's all right
we leave it here for today and we should
just put ourselves a nice old n slave if
you guys want to send I know who asked
me how do I said yet so if you can tweet
me an inside but the funnest thing to do
is like do it in your own language
because I think it's more fun if we like
fit like all the answers I was trying to
pick like different languages and stuff
because I think it's kind of cool so I
and even if you're even if you're not
going like oh man I'm gonna put a Kareem
at it the crapper better you know this
is like crazy just drop a stickman or
some whatever like it's kind of fun it's
like a community King I try to put
different ones all the time you know to
make it kind of funny finding it doesn't
matter what they are you know what's the
point if you want to get a little thing
at the end of the videos go spinach me
like for example this one because this
one's particularly magically special
anyway guys I will talk to you guys
tomorrow because tomorrow's a day oh oh
my god if somebody walking to room right
now and you're like what are you
watching uh what are you watching more
to the question so if you can just go
back outside to draw and close the door
cuz I'm watchin Sakura Joyce okay yeah
yeah hold on a second I'm just thinking
to like button mm-hmm and now I'm
leaving a comment that I'm saying
Jeffie jokes sup dog home eg in the
Oregon II with the mint and the basil
give me some sage yo mm-hmm see you
tomorrow white
