that's the story what happened to the
second Joey's house he's stolen they
stole our house I also stolen friends it
was very sad it was a very sad situation
to be in
buongiorno Eduardo are you ready for the
school of Pizza good morning friends and
welcome to today I started doing this
new thing when I'm doing this extra long
walk to school in the morning with the
kids because I'm fine I'm just not
getting out any more and doing anything
and I'm getting on mushy mushy and
squishy leave me company of your mushy
and squishy fine go didn't you walk in
the morning I kind of like wakes you up
to nature put you in a better mood doing
a bit of exercise in the morning time
it's also kind of raining a bit this
morning though but I am yeah I did it I
said I was gonna do and I've committed
to it friends yeah I can do anything I
can do Oh No some day guys I'm gonna
save up all my money and I'm gonna buy a
little car harness II thing a car
harness a tripod in cars right body
thing so I went for the walk this
morning and yeah cuz you know what
happens it's like summer and it's cold
or light when it's colder and you're
gonna have a cup of coffee and then
you're kind of like I go on Danny I'll
have a have a little bit of chocolate
that doesn't help when you're gifted
over 400 extremely tasty marshmallow
chocolate tea cakes
thank you but you're not helping me I
think it's impossible to eat one that
should be the next challenge so many to
do it's called the TK challenge you just
eat one and you stop they need to be
eaten multiples sometimes trap apples or
quadruples or philipose or what six
doubles triples quads
what comes next can pin drop let's I've
gone in a nice jolly walk at Johnny
Jones
Jonathan Joely Joely Jai John and Joe
Lee Jones I went on a jolly jaunt this
morning alright quick update guys
I do love stalker so stalker saw our
video guys and he sent us this which is
a heavy duty pram pack for you for you
to put in the stroller in the thing and
not only that guys but they said this in
Eduardo no they send this a brand new
bottom part yes a tank you stalker fuck
is the person who made all this kind of
stuff
well thank you so much stalker because
we would have been lost this began in
Ireland we would have to carry Alessia
everywhere but would have been very sad
wouldn't it
we would have to bring this thing yeah
is it is it so whoa
my first can this go or no well well
well
don't know how long you guys been
watching if you're new here this is a
full suspension cube I have a hardtail
cube over there I have brought this
thing up many mountains and crashed it
down I love this thing guys I love
mountain biking
I just just don't get the time but you
know what
that's silly excuses because you can
make the time guys you can make the time
wheels are now pumped up mmm shucks
putting on I suppose you just leave it
that much I look at this stuff here guys
I noticed there are November in the
usual time to get back into exercise
we're doing a backwards we're doing at
friends I said the pump up I find can't
find you all connected at least use for
this guy so I can use this okay calm
down not to user this old hand-pumped
new machine mushy mushy well I'm a
friend I did it
come on a bike friend I'm dressed like
very oddly
a very odd collection I also don't have
a phone holder so my phone I don't know
if you can see it but I thought I could
just like slip it in by my waist and
it's almost at my knee now I'm concerned
that if I continue it's going to it's
gonna end up coming out of my foot so if
I want to get my phone just came down
here
yeah just like squash it up oh yeah and
if I'm magic
the phone appears okay we will get maybe
put this tree here like right in the
middle of the screen we will improve on
our equipment friends if we can I just
figured I should turn on and I should
turn on in my endomondo op otherwise no
one will know that I did this we're
achieving greatness to get our friends
alright I actually made their friends
so I'm proud of myself because I have I
knew I had to collecting media shortly
but I was like you know what just go at
just do it on the bike get on the bike
and I love it
that's all I needed to do was remind
myself how much I love mountain biking
it's so much fun now I gotta go collect
Amelia and my new athletics it all
started this morning cuz I was like I'm
going to park like a few miles away from
the school and we're gonna do this in
like every morning and boom spawn the
revolution no longer shall I sit on my
bump um no longer shall I not do
exercise no live shall I be on fixed
home time but I brought Amelia scooter
so she'd be happier what I'll put it on
right here until we get to the hills
like you can get in the hills yourself
we just be careful be careful the bumpy
bits okay Oh slow down slow down slow
down slow down slow be comin round the
mountain when she calms you have to step
over to wooden bitch she'll be coming
round the mountain she'll be coming
round the mountain through the scary
part here this part here is a bit scary
okay we've made it's a shortcut it's a
shortcut
okay now we need to go down the scary
Hill are you ready oh we made it
okay now we have to climb up the next
field that's good this way this might be
quicker unless you can't you can climb
up that
can you it's a bit tricky do you want to
walk around come on look it's just right
here
there once was a little girl need
Alessia did you just scrape your cheek
like a minute I was in here min ago and
she look great oh did she oh you look
really pretty
bTW guys it's date night tonight and
then I think we might finally get the
hit of Woggle mamas are you excited I
just tried to call in book they take
bookings
it says too busy right this is too busy
right now
it's like the shiny new thing in a town
but hopefully we get to go tonight
maybe Turkic oh my goodness oh look she
loves this watch you have to unit now
she's in the stare each other on would
you need this Ness Oh
you're not being funny you're not being
in this - that's gonna bathe her and
we're gonna go after years of waiting is
finally here it's Bonnie years deny that
data date tonight okay this is our plan
we're going to try but there's a very
good chance it's going to be full and
busy and we're not gonna get a table
well turn your light on Oh
yeah I'm worried because it's so new and
flashy
yeah what's blogging talking to my
friends it's your fault right all right
let's see what it's like whoa whoa whoa
look super full Wow yeah I don't think
we're gonna rock a moment today folks
you are all these people that saw
annoying are you we're all these people
seen in Milwaukee
do not let booked a table no no that
bucket table it's a walk in here that's
good you know what in a couple of weeks
yeah in a couple of weeks it's ages away
oh my goodness oh the person we were
waving as we were driving past there
girl we actually saw her there that was
funny wasn't it yeah and I was like give
us your table mate but uh yeah we're
thinking about going to Williams but we
always get Williams I'll see you mate I
did get a sweet parking spot outside
Williams
you want to go in oh they might they
might if you got space for us alright we
were back from bills it was fantastic I
had green Thai curry and I had pasta
which is odd because I don't want to go
to an Italian and I wanted to go to a
Thai restaurant and then went bills and
I got Thai food and then I got Italian
food sorry my boy turn off anyway guys
okay so a tilt touched off this a bit
onion screaming you're on today and it
touched off
people were asking about the house I
know you remember I started this year I
think it was like I was at the start of
the year somewhere around New Year's we
were walking Sheffield where I work on a
move here guys you know this is where
we're gonna live and everything is
really exciting because we and then I
said it on a video as well as like guys
you know we've made an offering house
and we made an offer on a house we
finally after like a year or two of
searching we found a house we really
loved and he fell in love with it and we
made an offer and it was rejected and
then we came to offer and then it was we
made a nerd around for an eventually
after all the negotiating I went by the
offer was sealed and I got the call from
the estate agent they were like the
offers being accepted we were like what
and then I got my lawyers to start like
doing all the paperwork and everything
was going and we started like I don't
really used to drive up there I drove is
he up there then the lane cuz it was
like four acres of land it was like cool
I have all these cool plans that we were
gonna do and then just before it was
remember the summer time just before
summer hit I got a call that the vendor
the person who owned the house ended up
selling the house to their friend it was
a horrible experience because apparently
in the real estate can I bet you I bet
you guys have all sorts of story like
this because apparently until the
contracts are like so it doesn't matter
if you guys agree on something until
contracts are like signs never at eat a
person can like pull out like that
so yeah and then we just back to the
drawing board and just it's really hard
to find like a home that you want to
have six dogs and three children and you
don't mean all of us together in so we
haven't yeah that's where we're at you
know it's just our whole house he
dreamed of rune and then we didn't
really know I had to say it or what to
talk about or what to do so we just
didn't really say anything about it and
then I felt like we might have left you
guys in limbo a little bit boy am I was
horrible you know and we've been looking
around since this first scene yesterday
but the period has I love like a cool
period has project but we're leaning
more towards buying land and actually
building a house now which I think would
be kind of cool you know like I think
would be a fun adventure till I get to
get some land and like build a house or
I build a house obviously you know when
you trust me to build a house but I
would paint a wall or something you know
at what point I mean like bill that bill
this here
well yeah that is the that's the story
what happened to the conjure house it
seems stolen they stole our house I also
stolen friends it was very sad it was a
very sad situation to be in
but I would say we've been looking but
we just haven't found anything so I know
maybe building him could be cool we have
been looking around at land but it's
very hard when you don't understand a
bad land I found this amazing spot but
apparently all I will be able to do is
graze my cattle on us and I don't have
any cattle so I love being great build
the cattle barn and you have a tractor
I haven't I do of a tractor farmer
Jonathan when 19 acres of line howdy
partner yeah anyway I was like you know
I think we could to have like a couple
acres of land have fun where input pools
and something I don't know but anyway
that's the true guys that is
a story of our house that was stolen
from us yeah hopefully someday but I
don't know it's just a bad house we live
in now though you know that's the least
it's a nice house it's just it's a
little difficult because there's three
children six dogs and two adults and
it's a it's a it's a bit squishy you
know anyway thanks for watching today's
video friends don't forget to watch
yesterday's video which was hilarious
and I just watched it with Eduardo he's
so funny Emilia was so like no no but I
mean it was so like proper bad Eduardo
it was just like we need to go alright
thanks watching guys don't forget hit
the like button leave nice comment and
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
watch these videos hi
