good morning hi rich my little koffie
koffie Robert ebooks hi Wow he loves
with a little much - he's gonna nurse
like and their doggie your unicorn huh
unicorn yeah very good
Dougy unicorn having our breakfast we're
going on quick because there's a car
coming about it's hit an hour but
yesterday they came a half an hour early
so we're trying to prepare to be ready
for a half an attorney because with the
kiddos my heart is a long time to be
ready by a mean it was asleep yet soon I
turned up anyway did another day even
though it's extremely non some way
there's a giant storm hovering over the
UK at the moment but it's my art oh you
look like a handsome young chap it might
be better to pick her up when your great
side to her yeah yeah otherwise it is
like storming Norman where you guys
going
Stormin Norman out there today folks
there's a huge cycling race all right
London today that would not be fun
okay everyone inside into bed into bed
thank you I was talking to you Erica
inside into bed they struck saliva
except saliva
I guess not be gone
so crazy
but we're excited
oh yes a rod-like maybe just like come
to our panels
togetherness
metal we're back again said excuse in
the rain elevator party another thing
for party maybe not everybody come on
come on quickly Wiggy Wiggy Wiggy
that's your mommy got your homie we're
going into a crazy green room but this
room is not green I'm gonna be
disappointed
Mina's getting an OOTD of groans oh
she's gone that's it we found the end
the PlayStation you know which is great
this is the official changing in feeding
area yeah is to changing feeding and
PlayStation area
Marie this is Louisa Colleen always this
Brinkley a blogger for ya
I can we can post effect that in later
yeah yeah we've done our panel per day
the blogging or we're on your panel or
you in our panel yeah it is the best
adventure ever be enough you ready let's
do it you lose got a PlayStation key
please do it oh no no the transgression
no no no no no no play she's bored now
what I don't know whatever games it has
I think that's the only game but look
you got a free toy
come on Oh
so Louise is bribing Amelia with
biscuits that's your plan we'll be best
friends after these custard creams Stage
two is called the Bourbon stage do you
better say nice things about me okay
this goes around our panel you're gonna
say nice things about me if you promise
yeah we did the panel
louise's I don't know who's okay
your performances okay yeah and it's
breastfeeding just just breastfeeding
that's things you can find after you
have kids did not with your breakfast
over because your husband feel that way
yeah it's like they just get thrown and
right no there's the boob where's the
restroom yeah he does hate it because it
draws more attention to the whole thing
are you trying to did you get more loom
bands do too many I mean yeah this is
your aim yeah
this is your end he's only got so many
great time food in the city
I never add Marmite what is Marmot did I
mean yeah she's easily minor piece of
bread loads of friends so I think I
might eat and a crunchy
you know things I'm just trying to find
out where she's doing new sheet and then
dose yeah no you totally yeah
she's got underneath butter so there's
not a lot of options I hope you're
enjoying your sign Vijaya
you know egg right oh right you decided
we're just gonna go walk around
somewhere City cuz I don't even get to
see summer in the city every friend or
Jessica's with us or we get the e friend
Jessica so we're trying to get works you
know prompts you meet up later on
we made a terrible mistake
I mean money yes thanks
he's like and
Emilia did you find the only ball in the
place why this is a much better
PlayStation game
I know somebody here doesn't like their
crusts I'm not I came over to eat a
handful of crust hey what's going on
here
wait I already didn't like that I don't
know that's what you get assigned as you
cut around yeah what you're the
exception to the rule I always try and
get into my job God wouldn't even eat
them like you guys are spreads there's
no fee to spend somebody to play the
ball with her ball control control
oh well I thought the bottle is open
this is had to play with a Playstation
interactively all right let's go to our
impromptu meet up Oh in prom to me that
time and I enjoyed but I I don't know I
should put makeup on hi Eduardo
go go go go go
there's somebody three actually left
right
there's some friendliest friends these
are the friends that couldn't make it to
our Meetup
what's even going on like what so in the
middle of our impromptu meetup Amelia's
having to dance
suggest in the middle well that was a
whole lot of fun we're back in the green
room now Minnie has been handed off if
you chosen really is eating a mouse
bow-wow what's in there well they don't
know what a Manuel was if I just I just
imagine an hour her character is now
well oh I love your hair it's mal oh
yeah it's a new thing I'm inventing
things so we are going to meet Oh Erica
took the media off right look at this
guy yeah right
but she's at the main stage right she
went up to the me
then she went down underneath and then I
guess a lot of you guys who know the
pennyboard run away home now oh my god
that was so much fun I hope I hope we
got to me everybody like we didn't meet
are basically four to two days so I
oh wow we got to meet everybody that was
so much fun did you have fun in summer
city
what was your favorite part meeting me
Energy's got a picture with me I think I
really enjoyed it
do you join yeah you're pretty darn cute
you're a pretty darn cute nose fella huh
now I hope you weren't taking phone
numbers today when I saw the girls
looking over at our dough going like wow
why are you so pretty
you're so great get all the girls in the
palm of his hand didn't you uh yes you
did
how was your first me know did you enjoy
did you have a blast
was it a blast from the past and media I
had an awesome time in somebody city
when I look at her and look at her Eric
and snapchat and so focus during the
meetups like Eric will kind of take
Amelia off with when wait a second like
today Amelia had the whole place just
wait till we started our own firm she
made up meaning was gone now she has a
band like she has an access all area
pass so she just walked right past
security near like yeah okay she has
passed right up to the main stage and
there's like bopping away like she's so
funny huh
he eats out bunny oh my goodness we
should do a world tour and like meet all
our friends having so much fun when
they're yeah I know like play this isn't
that far away is it like I remember it
is quite far away - thank you
oh it was like marginal ain't been big
con we should do
oh my god it's so much fun until my
point you did it after party for summer
in the city is off the hug lights we are
like Rome winner and a 7-eleven like
it's nobody's business
are we yeah we're having the after-party
biscuit party that's right Dean for
what's to come
that's what is happening pick it up it's
asking for it
pick me up pick me up okay pick that one
up and then hit that one there on German
oh yeah like this but I was saying
another and you're really good though Oh
is there a pepper penguin and in
after-school party went on for quite
some time folks everyone's in bed and
sleep put the old rubbish out there is
like a full moon out here tonight I
don't know if you guys can see it look
isn't that cool
it's like mmm look I've got to work hey
hey thank you thank you so much like I'm
holding up the moon it's like the moon
in my hands what else can we do with
this little moon here and that's kind of
a cool picture isn't it ha censor censor
hi I scissor that's right today so today
we gotta go throw the garbage Hey all
right guys come on it's like oh god
there's a storm coming there's always a
strong coming don't roll up you little
cutie pie you can't even see me the
lights of panic okay guys let's go it's
right it's a let's go come on oh right
back all right let's let's go it's like
in Tibet it's bad it's bad
and this concludes today's video
presentation what do you think hi this
is me outside we're the full moon oh my
god one really change your wealth while
we wait here to finance this is
happening am i well I live else
thanks for watching episode guys and
thanks so much everyone that turned up
again today for our second Meetup and
I'm serious like I think it'd be so much
fun to like travel around and see you
guys like I know like we're gonna do
playlist in VidCon and did you fast and
all that kind of stuff but I don't know
neatly organized so I mean we're against
something in Ireland my Irish
friendliest friends seriously it's gonna
happen soon sooner than you think
