little baby in a big bed make a baby in
a big bed so this morning I mean they
didn't even wake up I was downstairs on
my own I had a breakfast ready
I had pepper pig on I was just sitting
up on like yeah
shoot me home wake up she didn't even
wake up to like how seven or something
thanks Ellen we used to blackout blinds
for that one night okay and then I took
them off because I wanted to see what
it's actually any different tonight took
them off and it made no difference so
we're not using black lines we just use
about one night and then you say it's
bad for that figure I figured out a
better technique which actually worked
and now she doesn't even get up until
about half 7:00 or so which is which is
reasonable like that's a reasonable time
there's not a small time isn't it uh-huh
hey there are you going to be good when
I'm gone well not everyone you're like
you're Jay I got us some letters yes I
yeah yeah you know I did actually kind
of want them to be bigger but I thought
they were nice with their writing mm-hmm
Huna how did the dogs gonna burn it that
was my fault because I was the last one
huh
and then I heard you being like whoo not
the dogs up yeah I know no I don't know
I thought I closed the gate oh I think
he does
yeah audience either but they just came
up with a new URL that comes like
they're probably like come on yes come
on guys yeah look at him holding his
feet let me see honey I can do too I can
do it too we can do Emilia's learn
Spanish from Dora you gonna learn
Spanish is it does there's no Italian
cartoon is there well obviously but
there's no like like Knight Dora like oh
yeah I thought to think we should sit
nonny it's like he's eating lobster yeah
are you eating Eduardo you love Eduardo
she was like yeah I know she pissed that
hand he's so cute thank you friends for
your helpful suggestion look at that
that's a whole lot easier and it's gonna
get a surprise since she takes this draw
her out and she be like wait a second
this is energy part to it Eric
exciting I know where she wants to go so
I just brought her straight here and
then next door is Urban Outfitters
they have a sale do you want to go in
there you don't have to do right pick up
my boat I'm here somewhere
this is the little spot that I rented a
little spot for my kayak so it wouldn't
be alone sitting inside that Caravan
have another else did you miss me huh
huh
hope you didn't miss me too much or a
friend or a friend to stare at ooh
awesome
this is pretty good dawn I think I'm
doing pretty well on my own my challenge
this is I think I'm under stay 5 I might
be on day 5 now which is pretty good
gone right since I started this thing
has been loads of times for like I
really wanted the series only I feel
like you were part of a team a part of
the group so we must strive together to
complete the challenge so a great and I
do it you know and then I feel much
better about myself so that's pretty
cool
anyway that's over a NATO channel
there's a link down below if you if you
feel like you want to join in you don't
have to it's not obligatory there's a
big word overdose why thank you
I read you think'll people look better
in action okay let's move both friend I
feel like everything in here were enough
Herrmann editors just screams Eric
like every single thing I'd see my
oh that should be on Erica and she's
having a really hard time what John
she's having a really hard time deciding
cuz she's like I want everything you
know when you just get really
overwhelmed in a shop and then you need
with nothing even though you want
everything that's really hard and I'm
walking here I could jump one thing and
look it's stripy what's wrong
and wide open so he's a giraffe he was
going crazy and I was like oh she was
hungry and I gave him this jar and it
actually worked
so actors in heaven right now we're
trying to figure out worth I kind of
like the look of this place where do you
want to go there's a lot of do you want
for Tia the tortilla place we ate in
giraffes the last time because they said
it was a friend for free to choose you
hear the song comment anyway right man
here having a little kayaking time right
and humor to fish I saw last time tiny
compared to this thing look at this
thing look at this I don't know if you
guys can see that
I don't know if I could catch them
because I brought the the chest strap
today or the head strap because I didn't
sell for the app for the utter fit for
summer serious thing but I'm I'm gonna
see if I can get close again to them
like there was like I was doing my
little fish and then all of a sudden
like these monsters started coming up to
me don't know I need to I need to get
like an extender pole or something that
I can like drop in here so we can
actually pick up all the fishies
see if we can find him again no no you
guys all look characters well he's not
that big he's big enough though look at
him oh my goodness I'm good I'm just
wandering around
we decided purchase art we go to Lola's
cupcakes because we saw they have these
MailChimp oh my god like seriously to
die for look at these things they love
epic yeah exactly
mommy needs her milk so I think we're
gonna get are you gonna ground me like
are they real high what air can mummy
taken out shopping what about our dough
Erica our door mommy gone out mm-hmm
showers have been had Oh
new shirt new vest anyway look we have
to carry around it before I was always
like hey where's Minnie where's Minnie
dolly where's Minnie Dolly Hello Kitty
Minnie Dolly Hello Kitty new mini the
collection is growing all of these have
to be in in the bed or else leukemia on
that time seriously nice it's a serious
situation if we forget one of these and
there is a rigorous track check you know
it's not like you can get away with it
things are checked multiple times aren't
they
come on upstairs up to bed let's go
somebody did some major damage in
Victoria's Secret
I really got a lot in both pink and
well they do understand the difference
but I got so confused so I was looking
for pajamas and then I was like I think
everything is jamming here I think
anything sweet so like sweats and stuff
but I'd wear idle went to sleep for a
while and he woke up again and now if
you know what
we've been here all day long we made it
we survived
oh my god I'm shattered there's so many
bags as well but we made it home Thomas
J get these things look the color
pretzel honeycomb
it just sounds insane I don't just had a
feed we're gonna try some a little
campfire boy he's right
does it taste like like weird does it
have a color buckle like the jellies is
it good you try saying no it's like have
you ever had a SodaStream
oh my again it's careful slowly okay
ready here we go first time first first
expression it's so good isn't it so
sweet sweets but that's the person that
we had wasn't it what you're not getting
any of that well it's so amazing yeah
it's crazy you drinking right that's not
Dharma
that's a bank of it saying but I'll go
to just arrived from Jordan Lewis this
is a couch for the dogs yep three dogs
folks crazy people are a bunch of
crazies yeah this everyone you got a
couple of sampler shots
how did you use the crazy one this thing
here is soda energy how's that before
bed yeah I don't know let's open this up
though the dougie dougie couch okay hmm
is that your new house new house put a
little box in the corner
yeah okay let's put it in its place put
the donkey so fun yeah we need a table
or something to the picture or something
well no it's it's nice it's just that we
need like feathers or in Jaipur you know
the man you guys think I should get open
good don't learn it looks good though we
just meet like end tables it is handy
that if more than 4 people come to the
house we can try to the head side as
well yes baby likes it thank you laughs
make it or door laughs yeah you gonna
make it one door laughs hey Eduardo
Bernardo
without a theme
yeah
he was going on here by getting newbies
to make her
oh you kiss newbies that was so
hilarious I think we should just end the
vlog at that point what else could I
possibly do for the rest of the day that
would be as good as that I don't think
it's possible you wanna say goodbye to
your friends bah hey I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching today's
episode and we'll see you guys tomorrow
and super excited I can't wait to see
you tomorrow it's only 24 hours away yes
