Amelia hi
you haven't said mysterious are you
curious about cinnamon oh my god so Anna
last night was googling images and the
tune of watching videos about cinnamon
pies Cinna pie but they were googling
image is any find a video review of the
sin of Pi it is insane I think yeah I
think I'm Papa John's only place you can
get them I definitely hear anyway if you
guys do MITRE need a challenge
stop don't even give it up they're like
what was it 1600 calories for a slice
for four slices let's see the end slices
are like tiny they made a moister
moisten it up
that's the joint the male that likes to
join your that artists chair baby Amelia
are your BAE BAE are you abiding by
night bye bye it's don't buy my things
that I would like outcry is day hi son
I'm gonna have my bike
someday you'll come with me it'll be
great I'll get you little BMX huh
using downhill entertainer hmm my
brother gets to go out with his kid all
the time I'm always jealous
he sends me little videos I'm like dad I
want to go out my son or daughter wanna
come for a bike ride
yeah kitchen is finally clean I just
finished the vacuuming and cleaned up
after everybody's breakfast things and I
mean II always makes a big mess in here
so it cleaned up in here he literally
felt that all night long I did not get a
break until this morning when Jonathan
and I'm using
that's funny the mostest that I got he's
teething are you going to sleep so I
have to feed him again I think he's just
more self feeding for conflict you know
like I don't think it's even it honey I
think I think it's comfort cuz he fed
all night long and I fed him this
morning and he still wants more but I
think he just wants like the blue bin so
that was basically my friends can you
hear this I get the city peppers in they
go oh my god that's okay
oh no I feel so bad before I go
especially this 30-day thing you know
every single day no break rest days so
it's not really tough did you wake up me
feel like no good looking at you isn't
that cool
I'm at the car park the lower urban
kitchen over there it's pretty cool
having cheese yeah are you hungry
okay maybe don't touch oh she having
well she can have ham and cheese I mean
yeah I can have a cross Sun I've got a
croissant for you or we have something
out for lunch
my son yeah I can't fish this is boxy by
the way it's pretty cool right at the
top he was actually ready the Olympic
cycling track was when the Olympics was
in London there was it two years ago
it's crazy it's like when you come off
the road onto the end yeah just like
main track the Olympics like a little
bit great it's I was like you just think
you're cycling on like glass or
something it's so smooth he just you
know in your own box he'll not really
cool it's really scary I saw some people
pushing strollers buying us like oh my
god like that is so scary okay it's deep
that just like drops this is the parts
they came out of
it's actually on the like I got so
hooded Telsa so that's his one as
greatest art and hers is pink with
little fish this isn't a joking so see
this is an Anna toasty
I've never had an honor to host you
before I'm excited to try or is in Erika
toasty
I know toasty what do you think Anna
toasties there's a company for joking so
these make sure you good stuff well I
got to man taught my own stuff
captain little shoes got something he's
are really cool I thought he's no it was
like when I got to love them they so
cool-looking
I love their little design on them and
adds more cool little sock things and
then some shorts and tops tops tops and
tops in shorts kind of goodies though
they're like short jeans they're all
like riffs and stuff you know kind of go
like hot pants and anymore shorts shorts
and stuff that's my haul that's my haul
video right there boom it honestly took
me like half an hour to park my car
I actually cannot part to save my life
Oh anyway we're here those go ahead
things because everybody likes them so
much finished it so so I have no idea
what they are I can't remember they
weren't in the cereal so healthier
snacks I bet they do in here you're
joking me friendliest oh oh don't jump
on your father
ah okay all I get is you mean squishing
me you're pushing me
oh I never ever get going my child with
kids is one of those like tiny little
shops so cute we have the nicest stuff
like all this stuff and all the little
trays
I think I might come back I want every
single entering here like this one
through this one I really want one of
these oh look toys and games box that
would fit like 1% of the ideas toys and
I love this dog rules you need to get
that my parent or that I use every time
I go in tomorrow since they only have it
in a certain color they don't have it in
the one that I need and here the only
one of my color is
I might just end up getting another one
what one do you when I just try three
them
comes on it or - that's - he lets up he
says pink blossom okay if I get back
then
we're going to the post office now which
I didn't even realize was here it's in
the back off like in the news agents to
exchange money and I got some stuff in
the lemon tree just some like home
jQuery stuff we have a red alert
situation both children are wait is that
gonna go both of them were crying hi
where is mommy and Erica have they have
added us what mommy Erica hi Eduardo did
you have a nice nose yeah the nice new Z
Jacuzzi over Oh mmm
what's that one say a little roadster
hey I picked that one out for you I
think I think that whatever you I think
yeah Amelia don't go outside mom and in
our car in town come on Erica and mommy
are in town they'll be home soon okay
they'll be home at 10:00
positive-definite always talked about
spending this house hmm mom and Eric are
outside yeah hurry our coffee time
just when I was having obsessions about
their Sinop hi I wanted you to have a
advertise
homey I love it we're gonna get it one
night that we're here because I don't
think well I thought we didn't have it
in Ireland but Erica thinks
maybe in chocolate
you knew Biggles
you loved him there's a little bear in
your way
Oh baby oh baby our dough what does a
baby oh baby you know you want some milk
friend hmm
you know thirsty you thirsty there
little ball hmm okay you so pretty for a
boy hmm how cute the windmill
mr. ice hockey man
guess what Eric I got a pillow and then
it wouldn't fit into a bag so 200
punishment is yes to carry a trim but
that was so cool that whole like
experience you'd feel like you're
walking around somebody saying I was
like so friendly but yeah I'm really
happy would went in there because I
think Jonathan you like this stuff so
now we are going to oh and I think I got
a dress for summer so now we're gonna go
to a hero school is it mom and Erica is
it mom and Erica erica is a giant pillow
I should trust you to make sure you're
real you like that
oh you went out as friends right
you want to smell what's going on in
here doesn't matter no one cares
yum yum very excited to eat this smells
coming from this room or maybe this mess
with Margot are counteracting misses are
losing my appetite hi hi getting media
watching them doc mcstuffins you guys
watch stuff like sevens it's pretty good
she'll riveting stuff relating stuff
it's kind of like what does that show it
at George Clooney oh is it on or not -
Nolan what's the other one you know what
a guy loves the girl and then they love
each other and then they don't get
together and then they get
together ain't nothing Grey's Anatomy
yeah essentially doc mcstuffins why
adopt myself and reduce ain't she great
is Anatomy pretty yeah
kiddos the drama that's around boy
whatever you do do I know what to do TV
yeah actually Jackie is at that point I
wish she'd just repeat stuff and she
says things that you totally are
unexpected that she's gonna repeat it
which is so funny
look at the flowers I didn't notice the
flowers you look really nice
what are you gonna last forever to get
our two-year guarantee look at this
thing why kind of Christmas that was
that Christmas plan that I strive to
keep it alive I'm good at keeping things
alive
got my two kids alive I'm like six dogs
my wife kept you guys alive is it it was
the team effort was it huh you getting
some after treats oh it's over folks
it's over just like this video
boom haha Amelia I'm sick of like your
friends say bye that was cute
that was like Junie time thanks so much
for watching please video vlog diary
likes living watching enjoying comments
liking friendliest friends is
Britannia's friends yeah alright see you
guys tomorrow
thanks for watchin boy
