go hey yo it's a race it's a race it's a
race you gonna go teach our dough to
crawl did you try to hit the crop huh
you gonna teaching the cross halo-halo
our dough ready go ready go go seats you
can write the cross to to your computer
screen just did a flip across again you
know he's totally gonna do everything
look faster than the media things like
watches the media all the time and he
like totally wants to like present media
didn't have anyone to watch apart from
us but like you're a kid hmm huh what I
see the profession way to shut dogs in
physiologically why would you do that
oh my god can you run dude I can't do it
cuz look hey the dress oh no no this
isn't right
it's not normally that's not how it go
may I talk sir may I talk like this with
the stutter it's like Oh poppin boots in
your club right a where's the playing
yeah I know we're here taking it out put
of the day stuff and I'm one of our
neighbors just started playing like
classical music with it
Thanks I see me yeah but it did say 23
degrees today what it does call that Sun
rains for a second it goes way I think
we need to boy Jonathan wants to stay
home no one needs to go out because we
need to show Eric around I need two
trees for here thanks bye
what's going on up here oh my goodness
did you make mess did you make a big
mess most nice in here great how are
things so long because the Shannon ends
thing Oh
oh yeah I know what you mean
your car's colorful look cute camera
pink we'll get you another one
anyway I love her she brought you up a
slice of cake so this is Eric has a room
this is actually a wired of his room but
we cleared it out and we've got a
rocking chair an E and a bed and that's
pretty much it
making a mess it's real but it's been
fun and a bit of green man to go their
friends glass finish with blasting it
like it was a Sunday and then it wasn't
sunday puts my colleague Rob a holiday
in the UK huh I bother I'm an Irishman
growing up in Ireland there for a bank
holiday weekend is all this first but we
can't involve this first but it's not in
England I did not know that it isn't
Scotland interesting me enough hi where
you doing mommy's key
it's mommy's key did you steal mommy's
keys daddy's keys that is true I just
daddy's keys of mommy's car hmm we're
just giving a little clean-out cuz oh my
goodness carnies need to be clean lads
life jackets wet suits gloves you
probably totally use this you never take
it out because you keep swapping thing
over my life let's go put it in one of
the cars the eyes are fixed flora the
art of the newer cars that were using
now isn't we're not really putting a
million-one
so you might as well get some use out of
it come on out of here let's go
chip-chop chip shop let's go to a chip
shop it's quite the opposite over
friends
yeah I'm now downhills it's an uphill
downhill struggle
prime Elia why do you have like hands
huh or probably putting your hand in
mom's exhaust or something
Hey look a cute there Brooke it an
actual Gruffalo cake that is so cool
isn't it look at the Snowman they with
The Gruffalo said it's the T Challa not
long a cool looking we are as well I
know so we're thinking of doing
something for me Leah's birthday because
we haven't got that much family and
stuff over here thinking it going
somewhere instead of doing it at home
thing but you can still make a cake wait
what
coconut and chocolate frappe cream oh my
goodness check out narrow alright this
is where we're going
Cafe Rouge they only speak French in
here have you are you poly goof one side
movie we Saba what inside go go go go go
I mean it's very busy reading the menu
stand aside which ones now you're
leaving the front of it huh Vanya he's
like half know what is he where is
spring right
I'm second
yeah well I'm like second-generation
French and you're like first generation
Italian so I don't know how much brings
you our friend do you see what you get a
little bitty thing you've got a French
day now get an Italian the French name
in the European name it's a new age now
actually you're like German and Italian
and Irish and I'm Irish and French
we're almost European Union
let's top I reads it music mix up the
genes of it videos gonna have to marry a
Spanish Portuguese polish Slovakian not
a truly good friend girlfriend that's
any good friend I I got a artist artist
having his lunch
are you enjoying that Eduardo yeah I
don't know I wish I got food when I OSE
don't they know Mike you know about
mightor need a challenge so they're like
why not I kids come on mine too yeah I
don't know double the chips oh my
goodness
dinner was amazing but we denied
ourselves the desert it was difficult it
was hard we decided to go get herself
some fraps instead no puppies someone
has to hold us anything I will run
emelius I'm gonna have to hold a hand
because the other day she just like
almost started for the traffic she's so
fast and nimble and quick Jack be nimble
Jack be quick
Amelia be nimble and quick so now we
don't trust her anymore she's lost us
okay what's up man what's your name Joe
Joe that's Joe we are to bet don't worry
it's a clarifying our that's good
what you gonna share can you play band
yeah okay Amelia Amelia is the leader we
live show us the way we follow media it
is tell Amelia where to go look look
look Erica she's like the boss
Amelia knows
come on in you pop you're a shark all
the good spots this is her favorite like
she wants to do hi pretty girl
let me see you you go behind their face
hello her face is kind of like kick
Erica oh god I said Utah Nevada Oh kick
Erica no that's not good where is this
kick Erica thinks what do you think of
this playground it's amazing isn't it I
think I think like if you're like just
come here
it does it so jam-packed it's not
normally is packed but it is like such
an amazing yes you began it's such an
amazing play on the sign and the boat
and everything yeah yeah deaf all I look
we just spot it there's a water thing in
the jump breathing over there so we're
gonna head over let this little monster
we're selfish no Pereira Canton tuna man
Barney oh my god keep through until
Amelia come again
just getting dinner started because it
said it takes an hour for this recipe
even though it's really simple and easy
to do it seems like what you have to
cook the tomatoes it's the pasta dish
I'll be Smee and you have to cook the
tomatoes twice once in the oven and once
on the stove so I think it stands really
good there's no meat in this so I don't
know how Jonathan's gonna like it but I
think she probably will because
everybody seems to like tomatoes so in
Erika's used to this kind of stuff
because she grew up the same way I did
so we're all just used to a lot of pasta
so this is what I have cherry tomatoes
red wine vinegar tour to do me um garlic
parmesan which is supposed to be the
hard work Otto I can have it I couldn't
find it anywhere
some bay leaves and fresh thyme and I
think that's pretty much it amelia is
just waiting off my now shoot not to
really mate so I hope she's gonna be ok
on the go well that's a drowning
dramatic improvement so I built up two
piles one pile here and one pie over
here and then we're going to run this up
my mode
this is what my oven-roasted tomatoes
look like pretty good they smell amazing
so I'm looking forward to this dish if
it works out it's actually really simple
to do you just kind of like throw
everything in the oven and then you can
you just leave it and so yeah this work
setting people like it I'm going to make
this staple definitely I love these
kinds of pasta dishes are the best but
simpler the better that's what I say
anyway mediate organized and she asked
for seconds is amazing that's obviously
Amelia's favorite food things just kind
of it was passed out with like my pen
angle sauce when she I was like wow more
yummy more cheese the train explained
her strange is going to be off the hook
in terms of pasta hmm past the three
times a day breakfast dinner auntie yeah
you like pasta what ha
crazy B Oh
crazy B hello crazy Pete oh hello Casey
Pete
oh I love Casey Pete crazy like a little
crazy monster man huh
he's eating a monster man you're crazy
diddle monster man huh wanna hold them
smolder we put in there for you you know
yeah you got him
Oh Eric is County
maybe it's probably loving the fact that
Eric is here oh look she's closing her
eyes and candy she's still funny I
already like people that make my kids
happy
oh she saw me and ran away
uh-oh hey Mia
do you know what time it is is it time
to go to bed you want to go to bed you
want to have a shower oh geez
do you want a book it's inevitable tea
friend that it is time for us to go to
bed go to sleep have a shower huh let me
smell you pooey huh what we can go into
Erica tomorrow morning at like 6:00 a.m.
would that be fun Amelia's in bed erica
has a question is there such thing as
aliens all right Ian's real the venue
actually has any information or knows we
are car let me know to watch an
uncovering alien yeah
have you seen an alien leave a lot nigga
leave a thing in the comments if you've
actually seen an alien
I've never seen any have you actually
seen an alien would you like to see an
alien we're going to be an alien tech
tips will show your tattoo okay if you
got a selfie like yes it's not here yet
everyone's asleep and it's just putting
it wider than me is asleep so we've
reached the end of today's video mm-hmm
this is it you ready you ready three two
one ends late hey guys thanks for
watching today's episode and as always
I'll see you guys tomorrow and leave
nice comments and like buttons and Erica
you forgot something to say thanks so
much for watching
only because I'm
video and to make sure some skirts which
are the chanter Erica does have a
channel on YouTube as you get tomorrow
hi
