get this nice and relaxing time Oh
so the blackout blinds kind of worked a
little bit she set those Savin but
that's a big improvement
you know I'm seven is way better than
half five or six oh so far we'll keep
them for a moment and we'll see yeah see
if it keeps up well uh good morning and
welcome to the videos the video diaries
and we're all having a bad night I was
calling today Amina who's coming today
are you alright goo Eduardo who's coming
today
Erika oh yeah
Erika's Doheny Erika up from the airport
Erika port she's coming on an airplane
not happening she's gonna come live with
us eric has gonna sleep in Eduardo's
room oh oh yeah Erika's gonna be in the
writers room
do you love Erika Victoria Victoria to
the little city energy you're driving
backwards they drive forward in this
country what are you doing you're
driving backwards one flickering flicker
in handbrake it swing her back flip up
the handbrake you can't even do hand
breakers and mothers are so wrong what
you mean wrong there's a man behind you
there's a man he's taking pictures
kudos Karen let's check the lines pick
the lines
oh nice every attic yeah that looks
pretty straight oh my God look the
parents just left the parents just left
stop it I'm not joking
I'm not joking stop I'm already
committed yourself Laurie floor it
stop this isn't a lot of flooring really
stressing me to kids let's go
is it there the dad we want we wanted we
did it folks we are the champions my
friends did it and easy you can sloppy
parking these ones well that is that is
pretty bad it's okay people just know
it's fine to have babies if our dough
know our dough all right you're right
though it needs a basket or something
isn't it yeah get on Amazon she said
she'd leave it to you to get it on
Amazon Prime present Prime
it's called a buggy buggy something and
you put it here yeah forget dashboard Oh
you can hang like your bag that's cool
that's a whole the novelty of these
things the advantage is being able to
like use them as donkeys we're at the
park we're at the park I don't have a
lark when at the park and I just fell in
the video she says she thinks that she
can do more videos to me in August Wow
go inside
across the trouble white load coming
true
whoa whoa what's this what is this hey
look leopard gecko B ba b ba boo boo boo
say something see something bad mommy
you check away in there Oh Susan living
happily issue that we get up
well oh it's so crazy mom raise a kid I
would love to play a game like this
I know so amazing I picked all this
stuff in the sign and AH it's just
amazing I wish I don't play a guy like
this although Marty Park and you guys
from a Dublin
ruff Farnham Marnie Park is pretty epic
they had just like wooden sort of em
playground problems we owe
careful of our dough you want to see
them you see it oh you're getting this
I'm gonna turn around
hi-yah hi-yah higher higher higher than
the moon I can make you go higher mommy
want to prove though
and then ducky just tip it from the side
side to side wobbles so I mean it was on
that swing for like a good like 40
minutes or something she just wouldn't
get off it that's all she what it is
like hi Daddy
but she says higher with an accent she
does and also um this part she get the
sprinkler cuz left they've got the same
grass problems as me it's the same look
is the exact same oh yeah yeah that's
what I need to get some more dogs in
here yes that's a funny it's exactly the
same it's probably this area that gets
that problem you see in Ireland its
garden spring here's just why would you
need a garden sprinkler we just for fun
you know oh yeah get some lunch
hi little man okay
come on Amelia okay now which one you
want
let's get your uniform for school huh
you go Melia is your school uniform you
sure what you want it the one is here
though it's a fact of life friends have
to accept it yeah yeah I like the
gingham one the Gangnam South I had a
feeling she would like that because I
think she got I think we used to have
those two go ahead
mm-hmm back in the day mm-hmm you get
them all the time so look
don't you hate that when somebody's
cheering on the vlog yeah you do all the
time I know I do but I just
that's the jerk I'm sure I come true
finally to gums a day to call this to
chewing gum like two sticks a day that's
it I knew you liked you know what like
that you're probably doing them is that
what you have just done yeah financial
I'm sure you get stuck and the situation
where it's like totally I'm chewed right
and then your dare and you're like what
your friend your app to say you're some
way yeah and then what you do is you
reach in your bag and you get a piece of
tissue or participate well men don't you
hurry bags around see I'm sorry I'm
still chewing gum in your mouth for like
seven hours of that yeah but they came
out with a new flavor the one that I
love is the bubble mint I think it's
called and it's the pink one I actually
initially only got it because it was
pink but it tastes really good it's
probably bad for you what whatever it
whitens your teeth so immediately
another mini to add to her collection
I'm so happy that she likes them oh my
god we should have bought way more off
the go ahead cuz Amina area doesn't eat
a lot oh my go ahead uh-huh
so Eric yeah he's coming to stay here
for ages
yeah I need to make a room more I think
I don't wants to move all this stuff I
mean chairs supposed to stay but I think
it's a boxes she wants you to move after
the basement
which is quite a long way away so that's
double work out today yeah because I
already like a super conditioning
waiting thing links down below your
video every single day for the month get
fit for Sorento summer I don't think
I've ever looked at this window before
this is very high up hi friend
double work add a double workout friend
okay Amelia will you bring all of that
down to the basement please okay that
would be great I really appreciate that
ask your brother to help you triple work
that day of all the stuff down here
there's like closed room put stuff in
here do you guys see up there I don't
know if the camera can point it out but
that's it the garden this add that room
in there runs across the entire garden
cashy here this pancake oh oh oh my god
grab or something uh yeah that one's
across which is kind of funny because I
think at one point that garden probably
wasn't there and you probably were able
to look out onto whatever supposed to be
here it's kind of freaky isn't it it's
like what the hell but uh yeah it's kind
of funny I could also I don't know if
that is entity grasping the drainage say
they that building I was talking about
maybe that's what they did out there I'm
not me sure
Oh
so I was just in the middle of cooking
dinner and next thing the apado got
calls he's early which is really good
I'm making prawn pasta but how we've
gotten all our delivery for a paddle
which is cool so he's going to come in
through this way I think because the
dogs are all locked in the living room
or do you guys oh oh cool the Vans cool
first time getting a Chad oh okay come
on
Mooney has had her shower she's all done
in her pajamas I'm gonna put the
dressing on him because we're going to
the airport to collect Eric can we go
take Erica no MoMA or Emma just Erica
come on let's go three sorry Amanda
Anna's putting at a new bed come on
let's go yeah we're on mom Easter I
think we'll take daddy's card oh oh is
it your car kiba's car okay up your pop
we have arrived
never wrong okay departures arrivals
destroy oh okay
well I had an option of going to the sat
one or the North one so I opted for the
northward and then I was kind of
confused and then I went to a barrier so
then I'm stuck in the Northland now so
hopefully Erica the new arrivals on the
North Terminal because does not sound
like fun friend I'm gonna bring in a
mini dolly with us okay do you have your
passport by the way yeah we didn't tell
Hannah more actually yeah we're going on
holidays folks we're going to surrender
right now I'll just text Anna meet you
meet you in Sorrento we decided to come
here d Erika Erika see
Erika Erika we're gonna see Erika oh oh
good time Eric he's just going off the
plane she doesn't know I asked her was
she in the north I said terminal she
doesn't know so hopefully friend oh wait
here wait here
I mean it's check wait it's arrivals 17
I see it already no it doesn't say oh oh
okay we're going to go up to the Saturn
room because I have a suspicion that
this is not the right place friend I
have a bad suspicion now we're in your
own place
okay let's go let's go be careful be
careful careful okay um that way hey
pick his weight as ladies I do say
said Tamra hopefully it's not far friend
Oh No
so that was definitely not the right
place it's in the side terminal oh I met
a couple of shirts though last demantoid
what do you guys think I yes no we were
I was completely wrong I googled it and
it was like Ryanair fly into a Dublin
arse so gasps wait from course oh my god
not like you guys should totally watch
tomorrow's episode and see me scurry to
the other side of the airport
ITEX Erica's like would you ask him when
she's at passport control she's pretty
too afraid that I said would know if the
paper is parking no Beast I mean yeah
who's that
yeah it's Erica what are you doing here
I know I was waiting here right for
about 20 minutes and then I went left
paid for parking
drove over to the side terminal I call
Erica and she's like I'm on the path to
the North arrow
sit again yeah I did my tea I only got
yours as I was at the random and then
Erica get the shuttle back here so I
eventually parked again restaurantes hmm
and then I was like let's be arriving
because I google it where does Ryan
airline oh my goodness girlfriend going
that way it ellipse we're basically
paying for parking twice anyway
yay Erica's here oh boy oh why they're
all excited to see you huh and we all
had a good ole night so it's really cool
Erica's come here to stay for a while
and we ain't having seen Erica in quite
a lot because last time when we flew
back to Ireland
Erica was in Italy during this exchange
program so he's been like over two
months since you seen Erica which is
cool because two months ago Eduardo was
like a newborn
and amigo was kind of similar but she's
in last little while she's speaking so
much more and she can save one's name
and stuff so it's really cool I think
err amelia is super happy to have her
here we're super happy to have her here
Alvie is super happy to have her here
aren't you Ally so I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching today's
video and o TT u yl talk to you later
yeah TJ Oh bye
