um I've got bare feet on thank you have
fun in school the eyes make sure mommy
drops you to the right school hey bye
guys
again
oh my goodness guys I had this really
fun idea for a video well it's not my
idea I saw I don't know how it came up
and related things but it's called like
the marshmallow challenge and then you
put like a marshmallow in front of the
kid
I might actually use chocolate because I
know my kids will react better to
chocolate but you put it in front of
them and then you get them to wait ten
minutes which I'll probably do for five
minutes and then you ask them to try not
to eat it and then you go to see if they
actually eat it or not I think it'd be
really funny I think it would be funny
to watch it I'm gonna try to do it later
on when both of the kids are at home
over there
when both kids are at home later I think
it'll be hilarious
it'll make good vlog you'll enjoy it it
might bring a chocolate to your life
that's what I'm here for guys I'm
chuckle chuckle release oh no hi
okay so easy and I are trying to put
together a toy buggy it's taken us this
long to figure out that the screws were
actually attached to the buggy
we were like spending we spent the past
twenty half-hour looking for these
screws and it turned that they're
actually attached to the buggy after all
and now we're trying to only screw it to
screw the handle bars back on and this
is like simple I've ever done no I'm not
actually doing it okay been a long
process but we're almost there with this
toy from it's not even a real that's not
even like for a real baby but it it
probably am it shouldn't be this
complicated there are instructions which
we later found after attaching the
wheels to know where the instructions
were so it shouldn't be this hard guys
with this pink from
save the day look at this okay
apparently we cranked it you were so
confident upstairs I think basically if
he did it with our pink from that isn't
even real we're tall I mean probably
she's quite it's like oh wait Georgia's
might be Munich yeah we also put the
wheels on wrong at first and then right
wait that's amazing yeah it is look at
the handlebar like really vintage I know
it took us ages like you should have
seen us we were like searching the whole
place for these screws we were like oh
my god they didn't pack the screw so I
was like Bechdel easy to pen and emails
silver cross being like you never sent
the screws and then you realize the
screws were in the booking like as in
already connected they were actually
saving you time we were like looking in
the little doctor's bag thing that you
get over there like so we'll just leave
it to you now that you're here teacher
I just hate building things thanks I
just picked up it right off from school
and I oh let me get you the other site
one second
I think Annie's gonna be here Annie from
benefit who came to San Francisco with
me he's got his coat on back inside out
okay good boy well done let's put the
seatbelt back together again
okay you want let's see if our guests
have arrived
they didn't
I like your autumnal look look at me I'm
vlogging you proud of me I'm proud of
you
so we have a present for Eduardo you
ready come around here this way come
this way
close your eyes you ready now open your
eyes what is it a mermaid Amy loser will
permit baby wine
Thanks
these are like my favorite kind of
houses like these kind of a Victorian or
what period are they I'm not sure but
they're like my favorite type of houses
red bricks the purity houses they're my
faves huh are we best friends
excuse me hey are you a lane runner come
back here
thank you oh no where's the mini guy oh
no where's the video guy finally you
sorted his eyebrows out she was a bit of
an embarrassment he said I was I was
walking around or like who is this Harry
eyebrow person beside me yeah now it's
finally fixed what if you dip your
finger in their face imagine like
shaving your you can get for your bed
and it's no but it leaves lovely clean
knives on beard wet yeah well you use it
like to clean up the lines that's all
you mean like their little I hate you
just put it on me hey let's do either
waxer go round waxing people I have my
brows done I didn't see the benefit of
getting them bud
okay please take a seat Eduardo you go
after it's a weakness hitting room for
me you get to go next take a seat please
now would you like more and Maltesers
like double that amount well all you
have to do is sit there and don't touch
them or eat them for a few minutes when
you're here just go off that's who you
will know okay okay when the paper goes
off you can have some they'd love to sit
there like a good girl okay good luck
you didn't need any of them
well done Amelia you can eat them wait
wait there if they waited there for us
welcome Eduardo so here's the game
Eduardo okay you are not allowed to
touch them until the alarm goes off
until I come back in okay
all right you mean yep back in the
sitting room
you no harm up here okay your time
starts now good luck good look at wardo
and you do yeah you made it
what how do we do our dough well both of
you guys just crushed a challenge
it's late in the night and we're about
to do something crazy guys God look at
my face it's beautiful makeup is just
like dripping off weren't any man who is
it dripping off yeah I think a beautiful
have you got a soft Center with
chocolate in the inside hmm look at
these things Anna's got for us oh boy
what if I don't love you got the small
ones quinoa crepes
as having quinoa grits they're actually
really good I recommend all those kind
of crisps Dow's oh that was baloney
Lola Lolo Lee's Lola's no let's go cake
anyway we're gonna eat all of these guys
like the little piggy Wiggy so we are
hello Yes Doctor cookie please I found
the culprit he's eaten all of my family
ready tomorrow don't forget you can
watch videos you can you can watch
videos here you can hit the subscribe
button it did get very dramatic and
thanks for watching I hit the bell 1
subscribe button leave a comment about
your day I'll see you tomorrow bye
