let's go what the heck is this
Wow
you gonna run into it you're gonna get a
fright you're gonna get a fright
it moves operation fix the grass is in
full commence it moves though Wow any
second dad's gonna it's gonna move he's
good
there's a gun it's gonna come around and
get you though it's gonna get you it's
gonna get you it's okay do you hate me
okay just I don't alarm you but it's
gonna move again it's gonna get us again
look at the anger do you love me it was
funny okay oh no okay I give me that
it's gonna come again it's gonna come
again from this Oh hilarious it was
cruel better hilarious come on
how are you um how are we doing are we
doing
huh are you doing I bought you a new
thing I bought you a new fun thing I
don't need is coming today I think it's
coming tomorrow because the trip-trap
which is really cool for like sitting
and eating food or some like mom or
sometimes using it when you like
sometimes in like dizzy do you got to
put them in a pay mat under stole me and
stuff we just have one then he gets
bored enough then you put him into the
swing for a while but only works for a
while you can hold the role while
attorney works for a while say it's time
to move on to him what's the word
exersaucer think memories have a pink
one for Amelia so we're looking around
for last few days and I think I found a
really cool looking one and it's like an
animal Safari play area thing it's
pretty good huh it's gonna be amazing
he's even we're all like chillin in the
chilla like villains he wants to be
involved in it boy down it's like I
wanted to be more involved with us so I
think this will be the situation friend
the situation because you want to sit up
and be fired upon II don't you so it's
really funny that all our kids seem to
have different names so we're just in
the doctors in Salford Eduardo
I just felt even notice it before but
they it spelled his name with two L's
you know hello girlfriend back here
again he's like what's going on I'm in
and they're mad all right let's go okay
let's try this again
now no phone calls oh my god I will tell
you guys right this is a really
interesting piece of information I don't
even know if people notice but in the UK
they do the shots much faster shorter
apart and a lot more of them and you do
an ardent yeah that's kind of cool I
suppose that's good the more time I
think it is inoculated against the
better you know I just go by at two
months four months six months eight one
and then 12 months yeah where she's like
yeah we're just gonna go blast them all
to die thinking like who
George oh it's all so fast oh this is
essentially why we're bringing into our
dough with us we couldn't leave her
Eduardo at home Victoria but will you
bring him with us so we can get the
parent in parking we can legally come
here imagine but you could just rent a
kid to bring around so you can park in
all the good spots rent a baby calm I
know some people have rent kids oh and
you have a car seat bike yeah it is
hi hi fan of the stroller strolling
people fun this one okay I can't
remember
Jojo mama Hey
yes so I keep going like what time is it
oh it's a couple of thousand steps past
Jojo mama baby he definitely doesn't
need this everything on the boat yeah oh
my God look they're so cute oh I think
it buried him for myself the Buffalo
with the q''-word
um this is the greatest invention in the
world socks with built-in shoes his
immediate problem is that there's always
a shoe missing good look that would
solve the problem yeah that's amazing
rubber sole slipper socks
holder's loads at him they're so cool
like big girls have they got them for
grown-ups
I wouldn't compare them my name is Joe
put on socks yeah we should totally get
them bumpy road a bad video I don't get
half I know a friend at a time we didn't
plan ahead you didn't know this is here
you'd have to come back tomorrow you're
going off at Hawley tomorrow
yeah nice let's go to the Big M that's
not Mike Donald's orange out that bike
in the car you get a shoe a shoe sock
that's not true skipper stop what kind
of are they what color oh good girl hmm
I got the keys just in case I mean it
doesn't mean anything
and we got something for Eduardo oh yeah
look we've got these doodles swim short
things for Eduardo
I think votes I think they're not
actually swim shorts a little I think
they're to put over the nappy you know
so that the nappa doesn't know who's
gonna be horrible and we got this for
Eduardo because every night I'm always
phoneless in the evenings
Eduardo's yeah because he uses the
white-noise app on my phone so we got
him a white noise toy
I like machine we're trying to be like
vitamins on
oh yeah I was getting really annoying
like never text anybody back who texted
me in the evening times because he would
have my phone
oh did a dog - yes Albie Albie that's
not yours
welcome to trophies toasties you gotta
have a jockey so see you have a service
I see you I never do we know D do I
don't know is the little one alright
come on over that's right and if you
look over to here this is where we've
made victorious and Amelia is toasty oh
nice okay unfortunately we don't
actually have any breast mail posties
available at the moment so you're gonna
have to get it straight from the tap you
like that idea yeah put a hat on oh my
goodnes ears ochio hello hello oh the
panic
let's say hairy nuts that's it or eat
Lud's oh we got all the different
variations that's it
what's up dudes dudes and then just like
baseball what kind of trial are you I
don't got a kind of cooling you know
it's not on right now as it went
pretty girl Sofia the former high art oh
the time to go to bed
I'll read you a book I'll read you a
book yeah hi alright Oh cutie pie give
the garden under go okay I'm gonna put
her down so we've got to the root of the
problem of the grass so the guy who put
their fence up is the guy that she
pretty much rebuilt this entire house is
hopeless and renovated about a year ago
whole place is like falling apart it was
like trees like full-grown trees here
and everything and he was telling me
that what he did is that it's pretty
cool the entire garden it's like an
intelligent gardener has this like some
built into it so it'll never flood in a
drain succesfully well but the problem
is where were situated the heat in the
Sun is like super intense so all the
moisture because the draining is so good
you can actually see the way it's
actually fine around there and it's okay
right there and right here in that
entire center section is where the
drainage something or something is so
I'm so he gave me this thing he was like
if you put a sprinkler system over it
and we just did it for like an hour
today and then I might do it again later
on I'm gonna cut it now to get rid of
all like the excess and stuff to let the
aquarian film oyster I said in a couple
of days or even a week or so the entire
grass will be back and you can even see
from today I had it going for about an
hour and look at the difference that's
absolute like an hour do you love your
fairies so nice okay well I pick a book
let's pick a book
let's see we had hay back into bed
come on come on get up
I know you can get up get into bed we'll
read a book okay
good girl
why ordinary flat what okay let's just
call it good girl I love dogs doesn't
anything how much better does that look
set up my lines
OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP now leaves are gone
and the lining is done so I'm going to
tidy up the place using the blower
sucker they were all grass stuff there
and then we're going to sprinkle her
back on and then hopefully soon it off
within a few days or maybe a week or so
we can get it all back to its former
glory how again how we get how we got it
oh yeah over there huh I'm having a good
time you solve the line or you can see
the line to line the where put the line
oh oh you roll over
you're all over son let me move this
Eddie away because you can't stop you
from rolling over a little bit hey hey
whoa
sunny him several miles of the steep me
and my sprinkler over there
working hard sprinkling are we working
hard sprinkle and friend he's asleep for
a while then he woke up I mean what some
boy time boy time me got some skill
actrix going to get scared clicks want
me to get scared quicksand Hot Wheels
Hot Wheels hmm I'm gonna put in our nose
al up and look at you playing with
it's so cute
media's awake
Anna's awake everyone's like we're all
ready to go and I made a copy don't you
forgot about it though so I've been
instructed to come in I only press it
once not pizza party Friday night
pizza party Friday night Papa John's
Friday night should be Papa Jonathan's
 but Jonathan I'm your papa Jonathan
oh I mean they got some chicken balls
they're actually putting dogs down or
crazy perfect bunch of crazy people what
do we get
whoa that is not mine is that a chili
feed that's yours there you go that's
for you guys that's what I got
jokey-joke special ten crossed ham
pineapple mushroom and I know where else
things love YUM Pizza Corner corner
kitchen fun burn pizza party pad a night
oh right
would you like a pita pita you like that
you have guys in front of me so decided
we have our pizza party tonight on
Thursday night it will be Friday night
for you guys taking on a pizza parties
together it becomes you ever eat a pizza
party becomes you like that but pizza
party
just leave me comments why not why not
how's your father okay come on say
goodbye to your friends say bye oh it's
hot you're gonna say goodbye no you did
you guys right oh you thought you were
getting left behind your children living
in kcp sing about your friends little
bears oh you like your friends my
friends yeah thanks so much for watching
today's episode guys
and I appreciate all your nice comments
and your likes and your participation
and your tweeting and all sorts of
wonderful things like that are amazing
are they amazing media meeting just a
dance but you can't hear you guys
tomorrow bye
