good morning Josh Poosh Poosh what are
you doing with those toes don't make him
eat your toes don't don't make don't do
it I'll make you eat my toes let me see
Puli Puli okay his face is there yeah
he's smiling he loves it
I love the toes I do Lance I love a good
toe careful scare for example huh look
at that out you look good you pretty
today did you wake up like that but 7
hours ago due to this crazy nutjob here
yeah I reckon so I'll be right
hey what's this what's that oh wow
necklace okay who's it from this is from
all right
is this from rain no no uh yeah those
people want juice Oh what that is one
yeah we need where's the top part it's
back here let it go let it go she does I
think that princess Sofia
sings let it go she she's acquiring this
thing because we have a frozen book I
read it shows like Sophia and then she
knows the songs in the snowmen and stuff
I have not actually seen the movie the
frozen lives you guys might know any
person in the planet who's not seen the
frozen movie so I don't saw like when
I'm reading a book at night a moment
like oh I'll be I'll be I'll be
Albie Albie here's a cute friend where
is he I'll be Xena guys get you some who
says they're just for breakfast nook on
weirdo hey guys check this out look we
don't yeah
Bitterman D there full of iron whole
grain these are so healthy for you Wow
yeah he's so peaceful
there's the feet so um I just noticed
that and why don't I try and give him
his teething toys and usually look he
likes to like look at his teething toys
and kind of I don't know just have him
around him like for the colors and stuff
um and he likes holding them sometimes
but he doesn't ever really put them in
his mouth right now like he just doesn't
I don't know he doesn't do it so I
noticed that he loves his blankie like
as in his Erb plots and those Aiden and
Anais ones are so amazing like I didn't
know what the big deal was about them
honestly in the beginning like and I
love their patterns to their patterns
are really cute but I've bought a whole
bunch of new ones and I bought wash
cloths and towels because I just love
the quality of their stuff that's
amazing so I thought that and I bought a
fitted sheet for Eduardo's cot because
eventually we will set up his bedroom
it's just kind of in the process right
now I think I might get another blankie
for him just I saw they had ones was
like silky sides and I like the trim is
kind of silky and I think that might he
might actually like that he might
actually be the the type of kid that
wants a blankie
so for ages sound we'd always be trying
to get a pound out we've got over 200
pounds so we do with everybody's and
then get a day we noticed we went open
all the trolleys are open you don't you
know
something wedged in them yeah you don't
actually have to pay for your trousers
here forever like we were always having
to pay for a trolley or taking it we had
to pay for Charlie from we never had to
pay for others okay thanks thanks Hank I
appreciate that
anyway thanks Morrison's for free
trolleys I feel like we're young free
and single a young train single again
yeah I feel like hey do you wanna gonna
go on a date huh yeah I know that people
were saying in the comments about at
Victoria she's not really like a nanny
per se like she just she's basically a
babysitter she just kind of looks out
for the kids for like three or four
hours and Monday to Friday in the
morning just for us to get stuff done
and sorta it's just handy or something
she might just look after a media are so
much like afterward wardo it's not like
full-on nanny should do any other chores
or anything
I'll saw some peeps in the comments
saying that she doesn't pick up although
maybe we should get her to clean up
let's see what else we can make her
today we'll see she won't pick up after
like when that plane well yeah yeah yeah
but um yeah she's not really in that
like I don't think I don't think her as
an idea
no I think far as like just an assistant
like the same as what Eric yeah yeah
take the help film it's exactly what
Eric was doing before we left him in
she's kind of mine in them and stuff it
just makes it it makes it just makes it
a lot easier for us that she get things
done and off you know and pile of the
chocolate that's really important well
hey do you want some of this it's got
banana in it no guys
strawberries and creamy I don't give a
dime about that let's joke that's one of
these in the sentence there's white
chocolate bubbly what do you want try
some of that I like the way they're
getting all creative with their
chocolate selection it was a crunchy one
all the Oreo is the highest power is it
I love Turkish labs and I hate it leave
comments if you like Turkish wait I'm
big Turkish man oh you know I got five
times okay even comment which one you'd
like by the way this is your selection
here get a cheese from coal a pretzel
honeycomb what no that's not right
that's not right as Bianca would say
that's not hi
no she says that's not no that's not who
they're good
Jennie poppin double bonus like the guy
here isn't even here now it's a bonus
spot if you can park in the spot and
drive through to the other side that's a
bonus spot here just throw it in there
no need to be all formal about it all
okay you get triple bonus you can just
put the trolley back right there oh my
goodness come case it's gonna actually
be a quadruple bonus what could make it
a quadruple or I don't know it's the guy
but I'm beside you left
for you uh I don't know a spot we could
wait hi
are you singing Idol I thought you
singing them look uke and off oh my god
Joey do that like so annoying the little
thing which other side that whoa French
good for Gerardo run fast mode now we
don't even need one of those motorized
swings just put immediate work
hi welcome Jovi's toasties
today we've done arrangements of sorts
I'm gonna make Amelia cross song because
a tissue like a cheese and ham cross on
making Victoria a cheesy bap in a cheese
roll is a banana or having the onion
onion specials and we got some I think
it's a butter bone turkey turkey off the
bone fresh cooked lovely and it's an
what's it butter paste it what little
bit no I don't like butter so I'll just
like peel the top part off will remove
the butter part
YUM I love the deli ham when you get it
like carved from the bone so it's a
little bit easy little bit more
expensive but it always said it always
pays off the to taste has a set no k
keeo good time it don't see now everyone
else is that amelia cross on Oh Bonjour
Mademoiselle her phone Ross on you got a
sit in your seat though you got a sit in
your seat
get back here so are you preparing in
your kitchen what are you preparing oh
it's empty yeah but look who ate a slice
of cake wait a size of cake Oh a nice
ham sandwich and a cookie well cookie
and ham sandwich everybody what about a
little can I can I take a little ice bun
please mine I like them
well this using a knife now use your
hands
ego can I have that do you all thank you
mm-hmm
sweetie go that's good cake put it on a
plate though
we'll be civilized you better going to
your brother
he sounds like he needs some sort of
attention geez Eduardo so
high-maintenance what do you want
already huh what do you want what do you
want huh you got crazy legs you got
crazy eyes you got quick you do you
didn't like breasts oh you like a
swimmer
you got like a backstroke breaststroke
king you're gonna you know what this
dancer he can get a full give us it give
us a go you're dancin you gonna be
dances for us he girlie dance miss Klump
what do you see Jeff Master J punch when
do you see Jam Master Jay punch punch
Oh little friend little friend Mia's
friend
okay good morning again my little friend
least friend boo boo boo boo hmm
that started in Sorento in a hotel room
in Sorrento he's where their friendliest
friend thing started and we're gonna go
back in your first time your first time
it's gonna be her birthday and you're
gonna say oh but I don't know um - come
on abhi sure he'll say something like a
T comma B comma hey Eduardo and they're
all gonna say I do I go Gardo ciao it
was a child wardo gonna shout Oh JA
Eduardo he goes it ciao Emilia Emilia so
Eduardo Hey
jab Appa and Mama and Papa and Mama and
Papa and Mama ciao
Oh Cho Viva - Viva
well
oh oh it's getting dance on lads
she's getting it lands on skinny little
dancer yeah listen
ciao ciao baby Johanna go get these two
cutie pies here look at these two cutie
pies huh
hello Eduardo oh no II do I do
keep your hands put yourself up oh good
boy huh good boy
we see if you can stand up yourself we
see who is he what do you think oh good
boy look at you look at you huh
Nikita whoo yeah yeah I mean you look at
you tomorrow look at where I'm some kind
of a ball boy look at him oh we try had
no hands we try no hands we train our
hands we try to end oh oh yay well done
well done
you just reminded me see your muscles oh
is amol oh I think he's at the II think
he's at that age you know where Amelia
was at that age where she started like
pile on the pants are no-go for you I
know you don't pull his hand at him pull
himself up this little friend here oh oh
oh
kin Amelia get up can you release it up
wow wow wow wow
Wow and my garter your put my guard to
eat your foot you're gonna need to put
oh yeah your butt mm-hmm please
yeah like it Amelia's room though isn't
so much better when her ass tingey
Wow Wow I'll call your clothes clothes
it
beebeep beebeep the bow bows are in
there yeah we've got some nice little
collection clothes in here
he loves to do a room tour me definitely
good before you do a room tour hassan i
had to speak better she's in but looks
so much better doesn't it turn a little
Amelia you got that in Sorrento you know
the Pinocchio present Evite's being the
Sorento little Pinocchio price and we
put up the picture here later and you
got media's room but he is and we've got
a guardo's drum over here is the kids
room one two what was there for me some
how do I get 100 I get to oh I get three
I get four five six I'm doing really
well on this take yours it seven eight
oh no I don't think it's playtime I
think it's bedtime okay so you put our
toys back in okay well those I have our
shower okay because we all know you're
gonna get up at like 4:00 a.m. or
something ridiculous like that so we
take it back home friends
oh say bye
say bye oh thank you very much
funny looking fish oh say bye to your
friends bye
no we're having a bite you guys
really wowsers anyway thanks so much for
watching today's episode of the ciccone
cuties i'm youtube and your computer or
your television or phonier what do you
watch us on it's so funny how many
people watch us on different things like
lady not lady overlaps you want to get a
lot of that tweets and people say go
watching it on a TV sitting me comment
let me know you guys on TV are you wanna
a video like an Xbox or you got a phone
or an iPad or a laptop or computer or do
you have some sort of cognitive anyone
watch us on Google glass oh my god has
anyone watches in Google glass that we
mental in it I totally won't check that
out wasn't like treaty or like oh my god
it's a possibility ah yes see you guys
tomorrow bye
