more than lads it is quite and we're
going to take the doubt that normally we
walked it out super early in the morning
ever since Amelia started this
early-morning thing I find a really easy
to walk the dogs but Anna's wants to
come in today because she wants to earn
some stat points because they're still
on the old stepper backpack time
backpack time let it go seven we love
when they are those what we love eight
leads how maybe she'd be off the lead
then we let her off to leave oh we will
try her super training Alvey we still
live in this apartment complex and there
was like in the middle there was a tiny
little garden that's what we taught our
Beach City led off the lead it was scary
was in the middle of central London
who's that yeah we were no idz but and
Ivy's always been a kind of a he's not
the big adventure look at it see well
you could win a little adventure friend
proven to make your friend yeah so
smiles a lot are you the happiest baby
in the world
let me know till answer your question
horrible smile
yeah he's very good yes all right lads
let's do this looks like everyone's give
up the media an over there we're chillin
the helicopter just went by medians ran
off
I had like after just went by I mean
you're like just stop and just put her
hands up and yeah I was like come on
Amelia I love looking at them walking
like one big line come on this is really
bumpy Melia gave up she wouldn't admit
that she wanted yeah this is such a
wicked and nice man opera to help me
because I got stuck in the it's not
really like it's kind of like a woodland
trap finished yet yeah was fine up until
then but it's just all the little um
like the roots of the trees that's
what's hard you make you feel like your
goal may be without the six dogs for me
and Amelia have gone off we're going to
this field ourselves come on Albie Zoe's
a slowpoke steal pictures Holden's beef
is that this earring this deer with his
feet beer
those newfies know is obvi I know I know
I know yeah did you enjoy that feel
did you hit enjoy that PLR look at
theater there's a happy down jofi toasty
time after a Sunday walk you get some
jokes see toasties I'm gonna meet again
the cheese one I'm gonna get the
sun-dried tomato tomato tomato
it's an espresso what else do you need
what else do we need always some
fillings you guys need fillings you
should check your teeth okay
got some ham and some cheese I must tell
you guys right I tried this cheesy not a
fan of it for like extreme and mature
cheddar it's not that extreme it's not
that extreme you know I've been way more
extreme this is probably good did you
enjoy your your sleep okay the face is
the chip get to work get to work
he's knowing a kid's boy get to work
clean your room dear choice right give
me your bedding boom you made it let me
see this what yeah well like can we hide
her Ian hizzy on their doors you can die
without my assistance use the knock
knock Junio they meet a petite cat nacho
I've been married long time ago where
did you go from where did you go where
did you come from cotton-eye Joe Peter
did let's take a little farmer today you
know that cotton eyed Joe today huh
give me the ball pit you noir pit huh
I'm gonna pay the balls
think about it you liked about it you're
not old enough to be left in here on
your own though but you can have fun
momentarily I'm too little for this if I
should have monkey feet you get that for
me
I have great dexterity and my feet I can
do wonderful things at my feet
hmm I can open doors I can write pens I
can't write notes how'd you get right
with your man I mean you can type with
your feet I'll be so cool mmm hands real
weird a new evolution of humanity where
where feet of becoming useful although
didn't we actually lose the abilities of
each true evolution media is fast asleep
fastest it's been hours lies it's been
about five hours since the last time we
moved past record we're gonna howl just
like chillin out it was really nice
we'll just relax it going on going on
huh it's just nice I'm trying to just
cuz it's so quiet because there's no
traffic around I mean we just like to
sit there and just like listen to like
the birds and like the trees and the
leaves are just like just do nothing
just listen to the world huh
sometimes the world talks back friend
gives you an inspiration inspires you to
do wonderful things huh I hope I inspire
you to do wonderful things of the land
I hope you're better than me in every
way promise me mm-hmm love you hi I
would you toys do we use it no watching
TV together hi mm-hmm
let's see this trip-trap right I saw so
many comments and people are saying that
it's not suitable for guardo before we
even put it water into this thing I
googled and checked it and read forums
and read forms on their website it water
weighs 13 pounds or something that was
perfectly fine he can hold his neck up
he can he can independently sit there
perfectly fine it's perfectly fine
obviously won't put my kids something
that
isn't safe do you look like you're in
distress do you look unhappy and in
distress you don't look like an unhappy
in distress little child no you did not
you look like a happy strong little boy
and a mean it was the exact same you
know fractions were born and you just
born a strong X you know we have a
friend of ours she well when the media
used to hang out with her and she's like
eight months old she couldn't hold her
head up and then I mean there could you
know it's like every child develops
differently you know you can't look at
two kids and just because they were born
at the same time means that they're any
way different they're so different you
know like look at media's hair still
hardly any hair in your head look at
your ball those right but like some kids
are former like the luscious long hair
does that make that kid anyway better
then that kid no of course not
he doesn't mean every kid walks and
talks everything's different but like by
the time they're all four and five that
all be the exact same so it doesn't
matter doesn't matter does it
but it were I was happier up here he's
happy you're here dizzy wants to be part
you want to be part of the family you
want to sit there with your sister look
at the titties huh sister sister never
knew how much a mister all right let's
get to work friend it's a slow process
we're gonna build this name you're gonna
help I'm gonna help I was getting a Fed
mommy and our dough into bad feeding
stick them up who you talking to
this is Amelia's Kozar gonna go in here
you watching mean it's helping me bills
okay we got that one in and then Jimmy
won at us yeah and then please the
wooden ones no I wouldn't
can I have that please thank you
teamwork come on you kind of build your
own if the build your own Kappas God
makes you did that one
now you got a skinny today no no no not
that one one down here look in here look
yeah and there somewhere just like that
one in there look
yeah it's incited in the tail box
somewhere or on top of the filing
cabinet no evil we've got enough of him
in now we're getting so my lads it's
been a while since I've done a cooking
blog or anything like that so I am as
Jonathan requested I am making his one
of his favorites which is the proper
proper blokes sausage whoo silly it's
Jamie Oliver recipe and it's one of his
favorites it's not one of my favourites
like it's alright I'm just not really a
big sausage person I think and I'm just
doing half the recipe because it's for
six so we've got our sauce ease fennel
seeds and chili flakes oregano olive oil
salt pepper lemon white wine fusilli and
Parmesan cheese and I think that's
everything
tada yeah it's so cool isn't it Shafi
thing innit
meaning works nice nice job that was fun
it's kind of fun that immediate help me
love that so she technically kind of
built it herself
which is kinda cool I know it's a nice
little unit isn't it
are you having some ham and cheese too
Thank You Mia that's very nice
mommy's just cooking the sauce 'yes we
have in past time thank you
Oh a cookie - a cookie let me eat this
cookie thank you thank you
what Oh media's dream join a real drink
and dinner is served
proper bloke sausage hey Amelia you know
much of the Treasury so we had no pasta
and media-savvy widows and
unless you've ever baked what she's not
touching it was meltdowns odds though
his tensions that was the third time
Trump wasn't it
officially it was pretty bad though but
now I think that was officially maybe we
just were able to contain a better this
time
yeah it was the first time is the worst
as we didn't know what was happening and
was out like what's wrong with you
second time on the plane yeah yeah whole
body shakes she goes bowling us for the
second I'm gonna paint we kind of knew
or we ever control it in this time we
did well boo down high five team member
yeah it boneless you forgot my boy then
have you read that's yeah when she goes
to school yeah yeah oh no no it has to
be the night which have to he's like and
it dad's looking at him he's like but
it's half - I just like and it just cuts
it seems like I'll make the call and
then it's like we have your bear
arrangements were made anyway guys I
don't know why you ever said in a blog
boy damn we're going to summer in the
city I said on Twitter do today so I
don't know if even buy tickets they did
tweet me a few days ago and every
tweeted him said today held back a
couple of tickets I'm not sure what day
I know it's out for three days I'm not
sure like I know I think that myself and
I are doing some panels and we're doing
an official it's the pony Jodi's meet up
I'm not sure what day that's gonna be or
immediate Eduardo will become as an
official meet up but when we're doing
the pounds himself you're probably won't
putting them with us hopefully they
seems we narrow it down to what day
specific I'll let you guys know but if
any you guys are planning to go in
somewhere in the city what's up what's
up you can see this little squirt in
this little squirt this little squirt
this one here we're gonna bring this
this
artists for bringing this with us okay
what does they know never given birth to
bulkhead you know that he knew like
burking bit or at home or water of like
yeah ball pit
please build it balls blue what color is
this what color is this purple well done
you're very clever you're a clever clogs
like he's a Trevor hugs
Edmund elephant Edmund elephant he's a
clever clouds that's Emily elephant cell
Brunner keeps you didn't know what keeps
you've no lights
alright let's gonna have ourselves a
Hooley of a Sunday night well we have
ourselves a Hooley hello we have
ourselves a moody well we have ourselves
a moody we have ourselves a Hooley now
holy holy holy holy
Ciccone hughley's media's going crazy in
the horse
oh the ground is soaking if you watch
that a cars a minute ago Hey look look
quickly point it that way there you go
run go to mommy run to mommy it's like
how do you get this back we can't get
near her no no no not daddy no no
Catina pleaser that Xena no no no no no
no what I'm just gonna put it over here
okay Oh put it back over this right say
bye thank you much for watching today's
video
ladies and gentlemen cats and dogs
gerbils and guinea pigs mice rats and
let's not forget the spiders
