hi this is your bed now in the bed hi
okay guess what guys
good morning welcome to the vlogs let's
just get it away and I found her neck
place and its meaning gay and it's your
name make happy nameday can't be
romantic don't you have kids romance is
dead it's over no comedian look what I
found in your room oh don't mind if
Erica ever see so he chose I know cuz
it's short
why no shorts Eduardo's t-shirt why does
t-shirt nice people a t-shirt Wow say
happy name needs love
yeah happy meaning yeah happy nameday to
all the out of that there is it actually
a Donna oh yeah no but I give it an
honest a different way no Rodney Carney
gari what do you use doing look at you
look at you you're like it it's nice
ovation which mean you aren't yellow or
blue yeah yellow or blue yellow blue see
who wants to get
I'm here and me right ring you're in a
rosy pocket full of posies
we all fall down
oh yeah well then photo photo down in
the bottom of the deep blue sea who
wants to get oh I'm me you know what I
just realized
what do you cook different coach you
right uh-huh
- is the age that Erika was when I
started secondary school no way
then it's crazy do you write the
yeah I know what I say connect it to
your keys
isn't it right I mean yeah give me the
father I know not to Smurf the Bob it is
so hot lights it's like melted there's
no juice no not imagine carrying a
two-year-old why some gas parent was
pushing her kid and the kid was liked by
the media video she's sitting on the
front of the stroller Jason well alright
so hot here german-engineered want to go
over to the fire thing go do that voodoo
that you do so well
and at the end of it we'll see how many
stop steps mommy did but she is here in
the playground
Monarto you and me we'll just play with
our toys huh we'll just be running Jesus
cuz I get sprinkled or something fired
on over there
it's so nice though Wow take mine off
too
yeah it's okay
give a nice bump this words killing me
softly whoa what's up what is this song
of mine job miss reminds me of the
summer of 96 yeah junior sir yeah 96 I
was like 16
this song was like booing this reminds
me of he's a hang around playgrounds
just like this the media not quite high
well that's trying to make a jump with a
writer but the Sun is in his eyes them
what okay okay this is the biggest light
she's ever gone there you ready
I know although it's probably roasting
though the metal under little eggs you
know that once you get into like a metal
slide and you've got shorts on like all
the way down you know I mean this is
very difficult to drive on the
understand you have to pull it
that's a little bit funny whoever go
with that negative they're so good
oh no she's gonna want to run across the
big thing now
look he's on a boat and media hi hi she
crossed that thing herself is amazing
you're gonna look to the telescope I
don't think she would know what to do
process
that's gonna be hard you can walk in
between them if you won yeah that's
better idea hey girl you figured it out
careful okay
you're very close to that edge good girl
up yeah you made it let's go oh my
goodness pitching putt we didn't bring
any bloody money we have loads your
Anna's like minted in Euro land her
purse is full of euros we never need to
have cash in it oh my god no any videos
like look around like the big balloons
everything this is way bigger than I
thought it's gonna be though I've seen
the sign up around town a lot and the
family parking was ominous it's true
hey no she's been in them I brought her
in there before that's here every
weekend yeah no no that's okay
so get the house of illusion I'm trying
to keep mad at her son so if I just kind
of walk backwards of them he stays in
the Sun I'm the backwards man backwards
man the backwards man did you say
croissants you want to get the poppy
seed ones for a change
no I love poppy seeds work they take so
long to pick them all out of your heat
afterwards get these sun-dried tomato
ones
right there right there wait looking for
Oh the banks at the end she's that she's
the first time we're lads
yeah the cheese ones the front one the
first one cheese one second ones the
onion one yes to get two cheese's two
onions onion ones are really good by the
way I would recommend them marsalis the
stroller is amazing but so it's like
doing we have is like when we usually
think like driving an SUV and then this
is like driving like a roadster it was
like so easy to maneuver around like you
know that's the main thing I noticed
about it it's so cool it's so handy so
now cuz normally when we bringing me yet
we gonna get the two up in the stroller
over I was like no I don't think this
thing it's so much better so Jonathan is
driving home because I can't drive with
a scream yeah that's how your driving
test okay and now we're going to do the
segment where you drive it alright let's
get her straight to bed straight to bed
and the little one said roll over
oh I was just sitting here relaxing with
Eduardo because he didn't really want to
feet he just wanted to like feed and
then he dropped off the boob and just
just wanted to sit there so I was just
sitting here nice and quietly enjoying
myself and heard an explosion or felt an
explosion more like it from his nappy I
love that outfit on him it's so cute
he's so cute he scratched all his face
like look looks so bad
he always has one beside his nose like
he scratches himself and like his nails
are not that long right now but I do
need to cut them because obviously
they're long enough hey little man oh
you got stuff porn earlier you got the
stuff porn area yeah
we're just enjoying the Sun Kenneth a
laptop melt in the Sun because my
MacBook is like weird donkey this be hot
right now
you're just a smile a smile a minute huh
smilers smile just smile I'm so excited
when we go just ran to that app cuz the
media obviously is being there before
title be her second time going there
this is gonna be your first time huh
like last time we went I think amelia
was like 10 months old so I drew and
she'll be like what's going on your
friend are we going huh
are we going hey Val be I'll be even you
doing let's push it
so push you through good dance on a
stand and dance
where you going
oh yeah watering hand is safe and sound
lads I think it was a lot of concern
like you gonna tweet a picture like I
should I take the water and cat actually
I still might do that Shepard good so
funny she just got some all those who
was saying yesterday about the umbrella
when cotton rain yeah car did come with
an umbrella but it was in the car and we
were not in the car here in the car when
it rains
no problem umbrella yeah what's on this
stuff
oh the car seat umbrella under my
umbrella
hey you wanna see it Wow
you might need your two hands
it's a big one umbrella
Emilia Emilia Emilia Betty's foot that
is boy he's higher I'm tired too let's
go to sleep you and I come on come on
where's it like drip drops together it
was so cute which one's the kitchen
first before our dough and it is harder
once he's getting that age night you
know he like wants to be like involved
in the house you're more like a media I
don't know you guys watching where you
have kids your own butter media when she
was at that age she wanted to be
involved you know so she'd like one or
likes it up himself so we put him in a
jig trip chops and then she ran into the
kitchen was like the best trip tell me
this Phoebus chair maybe she wants a
trip drops we brought it in the theater
was hit me if I want to see the picture
check out i snapchatted this you know
welcome
check out my snapchat it's just to coney
Jolie's I think that's what I call it I
was very I was very creative with my
username I was like I want one that
really captures my imagining days well I
was actually I put in an email and it
suggested that and I was like a gopher
go for it so yeah he does something else
snapchat and you can see it but yeah it
was really cute and funny anyway we
gotta go we gotta go friend
come on
so much to do in this amazing Saturday
night party parent party on a Saturday
night huh hey what are these out for I
told you to put them away after symptoms
what's this oh yes you can sing that let
it go son
let it go cute anyway that's us for
today that's our laughs that that's my
time I can you yet what each of you're
telling me that's it times up
I mentioned and what Jaime Nia okay say
goodbye to your friends
say goodbye to your friends bye-bye
friends that's all right see you guys
tomorrow see you guys tomorrow thanks
for all the lovely comments today they
were really nice and we read them all
and we had a fantastic time and the like
buttons and the favorites I don't even
know you confirm it does anymore anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching yeah yeah Wow
