 please yeah playing role reversal
today I'm sitting here going pinky
this you can't open got me a book Oh
sleep deprivation beyond control captain
oh please
hello friends and welcome to the vlog oh
geez the video log --'tis video diary
luggages of me and my friend here at
hillier yeah a little but affairs each
year I don't know oil of corn this year
boys first AG lads look the whole in one
year
she's a bit of a scallywag it's like I
did yes Scotty like I never seen did we
get near these books huh I actually
getting this bad look
the advantages of being a small fry
it arrived Anna I know right
oh boy I bought it I bought the Mona
Lisa seriously I love this picture
Mariah's in college I'm never getting a
little story are not story but like an
essay about Lisa its artist where is my
thingy anyway it's a Banksy I know it's
like obviously these drawers drawers
these on walls and stuff like this
particular one I love it so I bought it
cuz I was like you know what Oh that'll
look really cool like right here that's
basically it's just like that's it's
called special delivery one cool mm-hmm
I don't know I just think I think she's
really cool I just always loved it like
and it's so cool it's a little thing
there is always hope lads
Wow who's a pretty little girl huh
that's a weird girl
oh no I like that joke a shall we say
tired huh cuz like to see playing
quarter to 11 so she's been off for like
seven
oh it's so sunny again today it's never
gonna end
hopefully not I wanted the plans
yesterday you wanted the plans and it's
still funny huh
we've achieved greatness hi Amelia is
that for me the haunted house come on
regulate the ball pit lads
no one needs your help we could use more
thingies Rivas with you know how bad it
right in there charlie oh that didn't
work huh that works let's try it again
okay
oh okay thought I was going like that
the poles words who's hitting everyone
went why she's getting it falls from you
just pour the balls in the grass
you only find two poles but it apart a
deal only fan to two poles
Wow what's this it's a pool full of
nothing the dogs we have to get into it
okay it's had some balls balls
get the next one Christy oh nice -
broken oh I've got it
that fine yeah or hot tub not sure how
this happened Bush it looks like that I
remember to add for sony bravia where's
like all the balls everywhere yeah
hey they're going the wrong way they're
supposed to go in there what are you
doing for our dough huh are you telling
us all sorts of gossip right ladies and
gentlemen Anna saucony is about to drive
in the united kingdom your car is a bit
it's from the storm like we need to get
em oh my god to get it washed last time
Oh drove in here cuz I drove all the way
here never driven in the United Kingdom
are you ready let's do this how again
how does it so far
what does not seem like you're in court
no well at least I always knew where I
was going at least not in like France or
somewhere I see the side of the road
yeah I think that would be okay with a
bigger stick petrol sees no no passion
there's what he heard it
where's prophesizing where do you live
can you get hold when we go right in
this corner I think in the hitting
England was parking job in United
Kingdom it's pretty good pretty good
turn sir except nan she's trapped in the
car
let's go do this artisan bakery artisan
bread honey made pastries uh yeah I like
the bench okay any pop do you speak do
you speak artisan
- - go hard to say
hmm he didn't see the side of it like
you can just I can just tell I'm an
expert take it Richard cheddar and bacon
a good thing all right we got chili jam
rocket cheese and chicken
y'all Minister like cool bread y'all
this is Kim this is Jung tastic time
Tito everyone thinks it's too young
tastic time literally melted who smells
going on I went on to add top man and I
bought like well what about like every
single vest they had in stock basket
look 20 is like just every vest is like
best best best best fact because like
these are like our underwear
undergarment you guys they're not really
like you know but I know our options so
hot so they're coming tomorrow
thankfully some at appropriate clothing
for this scorching England forget that
convention device huh
this is your room this is to keep your
room nice and cold feel I got the room
down to 24 though which is pretty good
but that's what the windows open so I'm
gonna close the windows close the
curtains and we should make this nice
and close your always way too hot you
just get my heat rashes always sweating
huh oh my goodness I am drenched in
sweat
baby our dough is right here hey yeah
you hanging out did you get sick all
over yourself you little brat look what
you did look at you did it all over your
mat I'm gonna kill you oh my god I
didn't even notice that
oh crap hey out of this play mat this is
not yours
I think Amelia's up from her nap but I
think she is
paying with Jonathan's guitar so I can
share her the doggies are all peoples
but I think this heat just like makes
everybody so zonked so I thought that
I'd ride out with you some outside time
hi so I'm gonna put them in here on this
chair so you can look at Amelia playing
with all her balls Wow you can go killer
dogs if you want to feel free there are
always don't teach her that yeah poori
be back
Jonathan you are just going over all of
things they're all gonna get chewed by
dogs and then she won't have any left
Jonathan stop teaching her to do that
okay and you guys have dogs I have to
express the anal gland of newbies don't
ever do that yeah I know sometimes they
get it and they kind of like sweet their
butts on the ground and it's like ah
releases something fierce lads something
fierce but it's done now um did I not
talk about going inside sir barks-a-lot
huh come on we got a pro let stuff back
in ah oh
where y'all blow away the all blue a
minute ago okay ah dropping dropping
like flies like dropping like flies boy
Alex I am I put the car out they cut the
cow the is down in the a boating
club I I got a space in a bowl club so I
could leave my kayak down there so I
wouldn't have to bring it over and back
like front to and from scenario kayak
stand there which gave me more space to
set up them no Jim Jim Barry this is
this is it lights why did you see me on
serenity there's no this regular vlogs
I'm just gonna be naked for most of them
I'm just walking around Hey Girl hey not
sure how that happened but I am this
thing is a beast it's for doing like em
sit-ups and crunches and stuff oh yeah
got my little plan then I got my weights
oh yeah this is what I'm talking about
so I like to pump it's Briana's little
fella that's jokey-joke still a fan
I got some some other stuff hasn't
arrived yeah we got those medicine balls
throwing good for post baby workouts and
the medicine ball and the other ball 2
balls ones really big ones really small
not those balls they wouldn't work you
doing in here huh huh are you supposed
to be in here whose bed is this whose
bed is this is this our dose bed B bus
bed will be but let our dough sleeping
in her bed do you think no no no I won't
gonna have to get it wired over his own
bed this penis says no who's this who's
that Eric Ken who's that M uh well done
that's our wedding day Oh mommy yeah
come on friend we need to go have a
shower the shower of power are you
excited for the shower of power
Wow hmm I'm thinking we need to redress
this whole game huh because we've
reached a new changing point in the
trials life where she likes to get up at
5:00 in the morning like this about
Nozick and we try to put it down it's
not working so I'm like fair enough if
that's the way we need to do then we
need to adjust everything because like
if we like are like most mornings down
having breakfast like while I'm adding
vlogs about seven o'clock in the morning
right so now if I'm having breakfast at
7 o'clock then like lunchtime it's too
far away
you know means way there and it dinner
times you need to move everything needs
to move forward you know lunch time
needs to happen like 11 or 12
bedtime needs our dinner nights the
other four or five the bedtime these
definite like nearly seven Asian and not
my friend whoa what's happening
it's okay it's okay it's okay
oh my goodness it's okay come around
this way come right this way there's the
worst pain that work come here I didn't
come here mom you better go say goodbye
to your friends let's thanks so much for
watching today's episode as always we
really appreciate nice comments and if
you want to hit that like button it's
totally up to you you know don't feel
force or pressure to leave comments and
hit like buttons but you know it's
always appreciated you know it's like
it's like a handshake
you know it's Apple see you later and
then you like a handshake is like a
little like button I mean it's up like
that like the comments are like the
conversation boom that actually sounds
like it makes sense right come on let's
go to bed see you guys later bye
