what's going on here what's going on
here one who's this who's this
and why is this lucky in your room can
you explain yourself
do you like this do not Bianca upstairs
did you let pink upstairs
oh no I heard a bang kick it upstairs
mommy Oh mermaids did the mermaid letter
upstairs hello hello hello is it for
Bianca hell yeah hell yeah being Cavey
here can they help you don't know
mmm-hmm yeah little problem I can't
really hear you no pain tanks thanks a
lot
just make them a calls is it for Biba
hello goodbye where is he
let's be angular Yankee do it huh huh
being good oh-oh-oh
we put being kinetically okay where's
baby's first Inca Gracie so I take a
kayak friend hi kayak friend um I got
that up a lot quicker this time the
first time is troublesome this time was
a lot faster
oh my god so I was washing my hands in
the downstairs toilet and
when to squirt out see it's tiny in
there it's like a little like closet
it's so teeny-tiny but I went to squirt
the soap and I'm just watching a movie
I'm playing inside it's so cute
I know if you guys can see her probably
not because it's very bright she's that
there with Victoria binary's I squirted
the the soap and it completely just went
right onto my dress so this dress I put
on this morning and now it's completely
stained see it's all here all the way
drips all the way to end there and I try
and like getting it out with water but I
just I knew it was gonna stain like that
always happens with so it just it stains
and I feel like proper wash today I was
breastfeeding earlier that's feeding
Eduardo and I could hear them like
incessantly at the gate like sometimes
they're fine like most the time but
sometimes if people are walking past or
whatever like if it's school rush
usually that's kind of between the hours
of you know whatever the school rush is
like eight or nine and then like again a
four ish they just get so hyped up and I
couldn't do anything and I was feeling
door was like to burger every single one
of them ah um what what what an
adventure lets you see that in there
that's so cool looking I will put you
under but I'm you're out of you're
waterproof thingy and look at this it's
like to stop the thing from a sinking or
floating away oh yeah we decided to come
venturing there's the lake out there
I decided to come adventuring in here
because apparently there's like giant
Terrapins and turtles and like giant
fish like shark oh my god there's one oh
my god can you see that oh my god
do you see it do you see that I thought
she was making it up I don't know if the
camera picks that up oh my god did you
see that
yes here I don't know the camera picks
that up cuz the reflection of the water
and stuff oh my god where's he going as
I think that was big bad berry big bud
Bundy I didn't big buy batteries after
me seriously gonna eat my boat okay you
know what I could do I could put the
under order unit here and I could try
put the GoPro underwater and see if you
guys can see Barry babby um we're
sailing into uh into a thing here oh
this is gonna hurt
oh my god it's full of spiders Oh
you
and really as having an omelet Amelia
you want an omelet yeah no she's so
tired he's up sometime five lines
I've been up that writer scrolling
through neuron she came to a half I was
like no whatever I can bench came
straight back down then you tried to
like put her into bed and hey mister man
did you miss me while I was out kayaking
yeah how won't you miss me do a smile as
much as you miss me go oh oh lamb watch
that seemed like a lot that seemed like
a lot friend sniper clipping what I
never burned my own on why don't you
burn your one hey I like your cool
accessory uh-huh
I do people pink watch I expect it out
that is in a second after I enjoy my egg
what's that you don't know you bought it
it says made from raw cow's milk it was
a substitution Rock hasn't liked well I
think he might be one of those blue
cheese oh my god no don't even open it
to smell it all things I don't know I
don't like blue cheese Lucian's got it
for a recipe but it was a substitution
then no it is it is yeah it is
Oh give to the dogs they won't know any
different let me show you have a bit of
a heat by it I think she does is so
harsh look it right I went into the
hinge is it you food you know go
sleepies leaves mm-hmm
maybe don't wake up tomorrow morning and
have five that would be my suggestion
hmm you think my egg is being finished
my god here's the plan it's time to get
serious serious for summer you can be
serious to summer you're right Edge's a
neg oh I thought you meant
he's drink Jimmy's right I did oh you
did and I still had an easter egg but
about a week ago I couldn't believe it
come believe it anyway now that you
finished your easter egg it's time to
get fit for summer to the help of this
device here right
essentially this is one of these AM
wearable tech things right and it's
going here Wow
I got a white one no cuz I'm cooler
think right see where this thing and it
like tracks your like steps and then it
does like you can put in like and your
calorie count of the day so we have got
a super awesome project idea thing to do
right in in six weeks we'll be married
three years we're thinking of going to
Sorento and I just gave birth to a baby
and I'm like 34 years old so you know
I'm from here we're like let's get let's
do this let's get let's remove the Flum
because you don't you take on an
exercise challenge you always kind of
lose interest in and stuff and it's like
this thing is like tracks the amount of
like steps and stuff that you do around
the house so it's like if I cut the
grass right and I don't like vacuums the
house and then we can have like
competitions to see you know and a
sleeping game because we never get ever
get any sleep anymore and we're like oh
my god how much fun would be to see
actually who gets the most out of sleep
but at the same time working our way
back to 15 bugs oh my goodness mine
actually came with a white thing I
didn't realize that I thought I was
getting a black thing and it'll just be
white on the outside don't mind it right
I was getting it's not be changed oh my
gosh mine came with a white strap give
it to me give it to me oh my goodness
oh man wait who is this thing huh
um yeah it does it does like you're
sleeping stuff which is kind of cool so
um yeah the portal earning some like
loads of funny videos right I just
turned it on hold on is connecting whoa
555 steps awesome it's kind of cool to
know isn't it
looks good at the tad mm-hmm do you do
do what have is it um I don't know but
yeah look though oh no it's upside-down
and so I think I'm so I think we looked
up it was like 10000 steps is what you
supposed to do aerobic steps is like if
you like run or something like that it
figures out that you're running and look
like bird 12 calories in the last few
minutes alone boom but and we're gonna
do some stuff we're gonna see like me
and I would have like competitions
because it's more fun if you make it
competitive and there's better odds of
us actually achieving our goal and not
like giving up what else does it do but
uh yeah throw for a comes from the
future or something beat me up Scotty
hello hello hello this is jellyfish
stick your little head out you stick
your hand huh
we know you gonna make the bed that's
not that making a noise that's not a
melee and it's toddlers in tiaras or
something Amelia's favorite show what's
even going on here
Thank You Lou what's even going on here
is this consensual from both parties you
can forcing yourself on them what he's
already given are no kisses
the balls getting away
come on let's go widen your plans friend
it's been very hot lately Bluewater the
plans we go under the puns come on wanna
help you look after the ball okay I'm
gonna water it plants in the tent water
in the fence water in the pan today
California here we come right back where
we started BOM Catalan do not turn that
on father okay but I wouldn't like that
Kiku hunter in the grass are you hey
livers whoa yeah Nicola shake it shake
it shake it shake it shake it shake it
take it take it take it take it take it
take it
whoa oh there go there
Oh Melia you sold any buggies right
meanest Oh oh my gosh she turned the
hose over to me I was saddened to hear
Jesus turned and isoka me oh my goodness
a little devil yet give me that you guys
head over this way you're gonna get all
of them a little bit over this side good
girl squishy squishy squishy and then
Mike again that's essentially how you
water plants you go
good job and move it around I'm talking
about bedtime for peppa you're not Biba
but it's still near bedtime bedtime for
Eva well she's a be back she's wanted
really fast
she wants you to sky she's a little
blast she's a nightmare most up that
time but it's not on the fee oh so you
think that she's such a lovely child but
she's a real nightmare I'm talking Viva
Viva Viva whoa
Viva Viva Viva okay she's not that bad I
might have what were exaggerated but
sometimes she drives me crazy she's me
over a five but when you look at me like
that you make me wish I'm talking about
Viva Viva Viva dit dit de beber beber
beber well friend it's bedtime
you guys ignite your friends say bye oh
no we're ready dance a deep dance boy
guys please my friends let's go to bed
little dude in there
you can join that song you enjoying the
song I think I think I was singing about
it I have a meatloaf funny letting it
all say bye say bye boy oh my god she's
hilarious
nope she's backing at the door lights
he's just back it out the door thanks so
much for watching today's episode I hope
you had an enjoyable time I hope it was
the time of your life and I'll see you
guys tomorrow bright merrily cloud the
options have 5 whoo yeah
I send help
