- morning friends Amelia's busy you busy
pushing your friend around
who's that is it the name you have a
name the Panda she's okay she's walking
in the whole garden roof of the tip
careful oh my goodness where'd you get
this ball from where'd you steal this
ball from yeah football where'd you
steal it from
we don't have a football duty big show
me the big trouble
good girl come on let's go kick yeah I'm
Eva watch out it's okay it's okay she's
just moving a car that's all miss event
point hi mmm so cute in a polo shirt
the media is upstairs with Victoria
who's helping us out and that way
hopefully I can film the video today I
wanted to film one earlier but then what
happened was I just got caught up with
cleaning I just I don't know I'm like a
control freak and I have to do
everything myself um so I just I had to
vacuum and like um just clean stuff like
wipe this down this was looking kind of
grubby so I had to wipe that down and um
what else did I do I just got carried
away with myself and I just basically
probably wasted a lot of time when I
should have been filming but anyway um
so I'm filming the skincare video today
and I'm trying to get my I was going to
set up my room upstairs for filming but
I think I know wait for a little bit and
do it in the bedroom for now just
because it's more decorated but now I'm
hanging out with this little guy
he was very upset because he had a dirty
nappy hmm aren't you yes you were
yes you were hi wait you think are you
waiting you're so - you give me a fight
game right gimme five
okay bye so many I find it very
difficult since moving they're defining
a good crazy but I'm telling you I see
this one here that is pretty good you
know and it's gluten-free and you might
gluten-free friends with that that's
pretty good
because I was looking a popcorns right
I'm a popcorn in fact you could always
buy that and I don't know what we used
to get it but it was like it wasn't a
sweet popcorn it was like a spicy I had
like pepper week I saw some chili powder
and stuff again and I really liked that
I'm not a fan of like the sweet cow
horns but I do like the truth but I
can't find them anywhere
what if I'm them wrinkles are also good
but probably penguins is that once you
pop you came out stuff and then they're
all gone
of course you could always go veg to go
crisp but I'm serious it eats vegetables
whispers oh boy tears got it
Tio's got it oh that's Albie oh yeah
it's happy all you wanted a tissue did
you oh there's my slaps mommy keep my
snot safe okay I'll be
thank you thank you
oh boy oh she's excessive that now oh
boy thank you and why know what I think
should be a good boy good boy yeah yeah
I think I do I do because like she would
put something on him and then be like oh
boy waiting your feet together like
clapping look he's got his toe look he's
got one toe dominate her toe he's like
are you a monkey right look look like
he's definite he's so funny
yeah funny little man yesterday he got
his tastes and nights things I know we
were always saying I don't know Jamie he
genuinely did got his days not like he
was up all night and then he slept all
day we're like we need to keep waking
him up to try and break the cycle and
don't do it don't do it
Oh time you want a copy do you
want a coffee
no oh no oh no oh no no no no no no no
no no no no no no yeah cutie-patootie
you a cutie patootie oh we weren't lucky
oh that's
it's been a lot for unlocking up we're
taking about for taking hills for a
dance
oh so we go for a dance hey when we go
out for a dance
oh oh so funny yeah it's your crown you
look like a Lannister what that cradle
which helps you from Oh you has
Targaryen
you see like a queen crab boy queen Biba
queen oh no king our dough king our
dough hmm let's get you out of here
friend so media it's just a way and
without a delivery because Amelia has
been so good lately and we had a big
breakthrough so we decided to get Melia
a present present present this one is
part is the smaller part okay how's it
open what's in there what's in there
what is it Wow princess
Polly's puppies where's that me yeah
toilet wait that's right I got it
yesterday saying if style and fashion
are White's you seek then come and visit
I don't read the Lord's we 40 great
friends
Wow if style and fashion are what you
seek then coming new babies boutique I
love her hair it's so cute okay long as
guests know like play now has more hair
than me I'm sayin she's be taller than
me
Wow okay yeah you have to earn that I
think she's looking inside like what did
I do
did you do poo poos in there because I
had to that step I just didn't really
like it so I've kind of I've needed to
over to this urban area here and I just
think it'll work a lot better right
detail what you thinking Papa Papa Papa
Papa you were in there
I don't let more light in and stuff but
I I don't know I just think for some
reason a desk with a look better over to
here you know it's a work in progress
you know what it is
oh you in an office you were busy busy
Biba hmm hey someone just tweeted me a
link that they were like all just
nominated you guys for a Streamy award
thing um and you can actually find
coming I didn't know you could do that
so I'll leave the link down below look
and if you just nominate um I think it's
like show and then just put in like a
channel its channel maybe
yeah like challenge I just put in
YouTube and I can't force trophy food TV
I'll leave the links that blow these
guys down below cool
I highly doubt lives I highly doubt
we'll even get nominated for a stream
you're consuming water it's a pretty
serious thing but if we did we'd have to
go to the US you know what that would
mean us meetups so if you run after us
meet up louder for a few reward well yes
you see I'll leave a link down below go
for it I don't know I roam the ground
round
what do have I found does the Biba I see
watering or taking a pee what you doing
here you go peepees you order in the
pants oh oh that you're falling there
friend don't want it a plants if you
water the plants the The Sun will stop
it'll start to rain
that's rule so kind of water the plants
the rain comes rain it's this comment
I'll be Albert Albert oh hi there
nothing I'm oh no no I called off mr.
Finn destruction for one day no I guess
I happened nope nope I have not where
are we going yeah I'm thinking about
watering the plants but I'm afraid that
if I wanted her plants YUM the sun will
be gone but the Sun will come out
tomorrow you can bet your bottom dollar
what
shoes once people shoes o ke ke ka'a
shoes what stuff I choose the type of
forget or shoes what I think we should
come down to here in our shoe shoe still
I'm cheese I'm cheese on their forties
I'm cheese on your forties I choose on
your forties oh that's a little drop
let's go this way
here we go
we made it come on scatter shoe shoes
game shoe shoes
let's go to toilet come on let's go
let's go skadoosh ski-doo Sh
where you going it's this way this way
this way to sleepy time while we're
gonna represent drinks you drinkin have
you got the new book gives it there you
see you go find us a book well I'm
actually getting us a book it's a bit of
a trickery where is it an event at
Sababa
you can't even see the back there's the
Baba is it knows we're in air text today
as well put your color which color pop
your collar plum you ain't area near
your dad some terrier te or ture Turner
everywhere you go people always ask me
who we are where I'm from and we always
tell them we're from turn here
Mauri Mauri cheering yeah cheering your
boy it more easier he's gonna be like
that it's gonna be like a hooker in the
no no no you be not that way in a rugby
match pretty Disick a couple of
shoulders let's party gaming what's
happened here I had a little sniffling
oh please Oh what is this thing
alright I'll just turn into a party oh
it's a party it's a party okay hey Gordo
there you go this little baby yo what it
make him sick I like you and ma I don't
like human mouth
oh mama cows milk dad oh you like Aven
milk I like soy milk and she likes cow's
milk
everyone in this family drinks different
milks have you cried when she fought you
definitely won some oh oh ho little lip
bossy for bad the lip gloss before bed
nice
oh pretty boy good boy
she's totally gonna like I'm some
lipstick too
okay Oh put some lipstick on Oh make
makeup before bad eh you want you want
to make yourself late oh yeah he do we
do I do
hey Louie do I do hello Biba I mean I
write this we are populous
pretty girls vinegar and turn you got a
good time what camera you wanna see
Victoria you gonna make a video okay say
hi guys and welcome to my video see hey
guys hey guys hey guys hey hey guys
welcome back to ask Anna ask Emilia in
today's video I'm gonna be talking about
later
oh thanks so much for watching this
video don't forget to give it a thumbs
up thumbs up check out my blog check out
my haha
Amelie at saucony Jolie calm she's like
stop crying okay you ruining my video in
my video hi guys and welcome back to my
video don't kid cry tonight Beauty
Tuesday imagine like at some point she's
actually gonna like do ask a media
videos or something don't you be asking
her hard questions and if you ask you
which parents you prepare what do you
say mommy or daddy
well he's gonna say no one cuz everyone
ignores me everybody ignores e alright
let's go to bed everyone to bet
everyone's too bad Oh put this bike
we're bringing the new book with our new
book new box o'clock okay take your milk
take your new book yeah alright they
bite your friends bye everybody
mmm come on let's go night-night media
oh thanks a lot for watching today's
episode guys yeah we see you guys
tomorrow for another exciting adventure
of Saucony Jolie's everyone applause
