what's going on in here what's going on
in here
yeah yeah Dali's okay Minard Oh Leonardo
qk yeah ha ha
school II just came in I was doing this
right beside him alright
I was asleep easy you gotta go sleep
it's a rabbit
you're so funny yeah so funny fan hey
you're so funny friend hey say my
friends yeah
hi friends pretty girl
what's that cheesy smile do toriel do
Toro show off your pretty dress go like
this look like that yeah pretty mm-hmm
show me the butterfly she wears a
butterfly I support a fly
ah there's like ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding that's antic what if I
make John Peppa Pig I don't know why
yeah
what what are you doing
stomping here where's your socks need
your socks cuz they're grippy daddy's
water yeah is it a media I don't think
so
here come on open the bit so I can put
on your socks
then you won't trip and fall I'm but we
could just leave them off I never know
what to do because it's so hot but I
don't like her going around the house in
bare feet because she'll get her feet
filthy so I might just put on her
sandals actually but then she wears them
at side - I don't like her wearing like
outside she was in the house cuz I'm the
same way like I never wear outside shoes
in the house but then in the summertime
it's like you're in a net anyway so I
don't know but these socks have little
grips on them so I was going to put them
on dining alfresco today huh
my breakfast editing the vlog you can't
even see it because of the light gets
down
when I sit in that side dinner it's
quite nice it's quite nice experience
and it's they're working tirelessly hard
picking up all the poops no there's no
oh she's forget the torn bush yep good
job ladies walking home and a guitar she
s your cell phone and she has a little
pepper cake guitar she's right he was
guitar Lynch a nice piece of my guitars
like daddy's guitar just brings them
boat in like the jam jam session yeah oh
this vlog tastes different because it
was edited in a while it's like an
organic grass-fed vlog haha never cook
tuna steak before but I am today for a
fresh summer salad that I'm doing this
is another one of Jamie's recipes it's
on his website if you guys are
interested but um so far
well good a 1-up lunch is served
I did a little baby one for Amelia even
though I'm sure she probably won't eat
it because it's kind of weird like for
her well it's not having cheese
basically just what I'm kind of thing so
I might just give her some raisin great
son how does she like yogurt baby yeah
we'll see she's picky I needed cell
phone yesterday where all the leftovers
I made an omelet with like what I put in
it like I remember chicken and silver by
me like a fried omelet and today we're
all their leftovers Anna made some like
amazing Mediterranean salad but it's so
funny like I think that's a chair like I
have mine woman thing you know like it I
just like I'll just make an omelet eggs
number two and then you make some like
really super healthy it looks amazing
them yeah but I think yours is pretty
better mine is like convenient you know
looks so good though goes with the
weather we're having yes Amelia
Wow hmm she really AM dug down wash I
know she will eqi's you're gonna have
some lunch
you want some dog steaks what's mommy
doing mommy asleep oh all aboard
well what's Teddy do you're gonna coffee
okay ready Wow
go bee buzz turn be better
no you frustrated you can't do it okay
Oh aging ahead okay ready one hand here
one hand here
Wow Wow Amelia hello dude what do you
want a book please
it's what we doin lately The Gruffalo
The Closer good when I share quite like
we're gonna Gruffalo 100 a trillion snow
who is this trail and where does it go
bernie is a Gruffalo parking nearby and
they do the story and then you walk
through it or I think it's not placed
that big a pie place I was supposed to
go to my brother recently when he was in
Birmingham but didn't work out cuz we're
in Ireland holy must go there when we go
it mini numpty wine
hey good one folks we need a good one
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom boom one was okay but this is
immediate buckle I came alone oh look I
love the dogs let's go just one hey get
down lay down
did you steal daddy's shoes
even never had shoes on yeah it's okay
toe not even stolen shoes they getting a
bit old and rusty lads gonna have to go
to another hotel get a new pair of shoes
can you order these right knowing all
the hotels have them can you order them
online somewhere get your own name put
on them I have the cooler Michael next
to Coney Joey's there's something on
them huh
that we're really cool I don't know I
just like them okay I'm gonna cut the
grass friend you come on I'm gonna help
you need to remove this item bebe beep
beep beep oh la lluvia finishes or who
poops oh how am I gonna get along more
out with this thing here
mmm this is part of the fence that's
going up and there's the other part is
that here but I don't know if I'm gonna
get the loan more truck to drive past
here nor am I going to be able to move
this because a forklift put it here Wow
huh is it a trampoline it looks like a
trampoline let's see
no not for a trampoline like but before
we get into cutting the grass we need to
fix the car situation I was idea today
and when she came back she parked in
like the craziest parking job ever
she's part like just like abandoned car
huh so we need to fix them up so that he
can park his car properly dot that you
why don't you have shoes on go inside
and get shoes go inside and put some
shoes on go on trippity chop all right
pickling are you sign there with a
coffee cup
is that for daddy thank you thanks for
my coffee you want to put it back inside
though I'm gonna put on the table I have
to hold the do I you gonna cut the grass
Saul ready been done let's go need
Tito's gonna cut the grass is he oh yeah
daddy's coffee
will you hold it for me say n SE j SE x
huh
say W what'd ya say t say P say why o
kings poor girl
B is for balloons C is born is for D is
for oh good girl
he is for elephant ticket girl at math
is for fish good girl
G is for yankin garden pages for ya know
ya ya hammer and I is for ice cream
yeah you are too funny you are too funny
are you asleep hey V go fast asleep huh
what a harmonica does this even work
something work well
yeah I think we always have to go to
this every night okay it's time for the
shower it's time for the shower of power
are you ready for the shower of power
no no get out of that bad get it out
that make you baby on the run Nikki baby
on the run
come on you're that bad now put your
naps on I have a shower first get out of
that bed you can have it happen right is
instant heart attack a monster will come
and take my straw come one snowy night
when a Gruffalo store The Gruffalo child
was feeling born The Gruffalo trials
feeling brave so he tiptoed out the snow
fell fast and the wind blew wire into
the wood when The Gruffalo child aha
ahoy a trailing snow who is this trail
and where does it go
a tail poked out of a locked by the
house could it be the trail of the big
bad Mouse
the big fat party
big bad burry out through the creature
his eyes were small didn't have whiskers
no you're not the mouse not eyes at the
snake is down by the lake
eating Gruffalo cake all right that's
you gonna say goodbye to our friends say
bye
Mohan move over I'll see you guys later
and we will finish the Gruffalo thing
the snow fell fast and the wind blew
wild I'm not scared
big bad berry make that berry anyway
guys thanks for watching and tuning in
we'll have four years to begin watch
from the start and see how it began
watch tomorrow and see the farro
whatever whatever hose you guys laters
thanks for watching bye
