one and welcome to The Black Keys we're
going to Essex
I've never been to Essex in my life like
we almost looked at a house actually to
the house in this particular area we
just actually physically go there in
Brentwood
so I kinda I speak you to round a little
bit when we were looking at it but then
when we didn't try to commit to that
area I didn't really investigate further
but um I'm excited to drink it are you
excited to experience a Amelia Amelia
can you say Essex wow that's pretty good
let's go move your hands your hands your
hands grands
we've never gone back I don't even know
where we are I'm not I'm not gonna
pretend like I knew but Jonathan just
informed me that we're going past water
you've never gotten as far and we've
never gone fish on the m25 isn't she so
unit over here so I'm really excited
because we're going to see Alba from
Jessica Alba my oh I think that takes a
it I don't think it's male 16 I oh yeah
um she is one of the probably one of the
first beauty guru people on YouTube that
I watched and in my opinion she's one of
the most beautiful girls I've ever seen
in my life
like I just think she's like a Barbie
doll she's so pretty she's so stunning
so I already warned Jonathan I was like
yeah this girl's really pretty so you're
not talk to her let me do the talking
and her boyfriends not gonna be there so
I was like don't get any ideas but then
I dressed
Eduardo up in like a cute little outfit
and Ethan I talked her is he can I
tweeted her and I was like why do I
already picked out his outfit he can't
wait to meet you cuz he's a ladies man
as Jonathan Oasis but yes though he just
decided he is to smile and boom I've
arrived in Brentwood or garden or x8
right there beside me and just an Austin
Marti leadership there's not a martin
dealership across the road this place is
off the hook as you should totally come
here where are we huh
that's it captain I understand figure
out the old code that I said yeah I said
come on let's go
tippity-top Jeff it a job is so hard
than that today oh my goodness oh my god
it's like I've got the same camera as
max this is such a catfish episode of
ice yeah this is the moment yeah let's
see let's see
are we being catfished oh my god she was
a catfish oh my god did it reveal
yeah maybe I was just making herself
yeah she's just like she's bringing it
back smile she gave me when I first saw
her yeah I know it's just like hadn't
heard all off but oh hi here's the doll
take my doll it's a good sign
I've been wanting to meet you forever
I've got a lot of things to route around
in here yeah like I have a lot of work
to do yeah I'm huge Amelia fan all my
friends know this yeah whatever see Alba
look at all but look at all but pull me
in a snapchat do a snapchat I know I are
dope party wanted me to famous
footballer insiders it could be a
footballer when you grow up huh
please pay for a West Town yeah where
Saturday and you guys support West Ham
everyone stay home with mommy
what it's ok rugby that's like you
telling no way no mommy so you guys
ready to mate two meats most famous
footballer forget about David Beckham
this is it here right now what's
tonight's match what's up is that
tonight we're playing a X which tone
away we'll see hopefully go golfers
that's why he came he was gonna do to
work that Argentina would have worn had
you been there yeah if I was there I
think yeah I think the odds would have
gone after the robbery all right we're
gonna get some food you haven't a time
you're having fun are you
hmm he was in here people got put in he
- up
walking up here in the heat is not fun I
was like oh it's just off the roller a
little bit
turns out it's up here off the road love
it yeah this is this is burning this is
getting ready for nanos you gotta burn
it off and then you can roll all the way
down the hill afterwards that's the plan
yeah kids can get out take them walk so
uh update Alba has brought us in the
wrong place we don't know yet where it
work this entire Brentwood place is
built on a hill and we were on the
bottom of it and I think the food is on
the top of it
man knows I know it's Alba's fault we
did it we made it to the high street I
saw I say that I didn't doughnuts into
her and then judges like
we've had now we need to find a welcome
moment this pres Oh
oh it's not where we were young man
knows there's so many we found it
Nando's are we doing what Oh your
mommy's home
oh is it the same guy I thought
really is amazi knows you some corn
you can have from home did you that bro
from huh where'd you get that round
little squishy he is having a bit of a
meltdown because I won't give her the
egg which has salt in it she's asking
for the same people I was just telling
I'll be your waiter to see me oh thank
you thanks very much no he pushed the
stroller up the hill he's serving us our
food now yeah she's like on the verge of
a Mexican
morning dad I know let's just add some
boobage would you a little bit before
mum did you he was having born Jeff Jeff
Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff
thank you lord it's important it's
important I see them I know yeah no I
know school
give no hugs
you can everyone hugs for everyone try
to take a picture and she said okay more
no more hugs
no more pictures is it getting with the
girls where art is missing all the
action
adorable here we are again
Albus trying to tell us we're looking
for
frapp central there's got to be one
around here you can rent to a girl we
don't go over your clothes look Rob you
guys are my type yeah come on let's go
we're just rolling through brand we're
just a couple of friends
Brent for Tony ins come on
come on slowpoke
Wow and you guys live in the town crap
we got to do a little juice or something
oh yeah this guy's only field left
mmm
yummy
not one before this is a new species a
new frappe species and we're in familiar
with how'd you do that maestro this is
my old classic coconut mocha whipped
cream
nice you wanna say goodbye hi thank you
thank you for meeting us you had a great
time
that's not that it's over here I would
have been Kuna belies a catfish show at
the same time you come down you're like
a mom
okay guys burgers if you take off of my
yeah yeah we'd have to go over to San
Fran you have to kind of let this go
apparently the star books are more epic
she was calling it what you got a star
but no key box key box painted a lot
more selection we're missing outlets and
check out elbows channel album a Oh
album a oh she's got a Pablo's video
videos are from Europe stuff you know
there you go I don't know if you guys
can even tell from mine because I'm
doing which or something got appreciate
that
I think it looks better from farther
away better for ya but I just don't know
if you'll be able to like a sense of
that yeah it's so crazy it's this
massive bridge but just like comes down
onto the motorway anyway over we took
the tunnel underneath oh yeah and then
you take this massive bridge back but it
goes like all the way down here but it's
like it's like a slide or something yeah
it's crazy
let me get your ticket here let's go
uh-huh I mean that's not gonna side now
no Amelia kept saying so hey Jimmy is
like not everybody is no II know
so I don't know like ethics just hotter
I think today was just a particularly
hot day but yeah that was like insane I
needed that Frappuccino only for like
this cool down thing
yeah hi Oh a chat is a package hi
everyone hi everyone huh when we come
home
I let me come home after not seeing them
they are so excited now did we leave any
messes our mistakes
it seems mistake free we're home we
wanted a quick change into pajamas cuz
lads it is seventy five billion degrees
today in the London parent or an Essex
or I don't know where but lads it's
seriously amazing and we have made
arrangements tomorrow we shall kayak
it's going to be epic and so listen out
if you see any news reports we're
getting some breaking news here a couple
of youtubers have been stranded in the
sea yeah
the Royal Navy has been dispatched
that's me hi I'll be funny but yeah the
strap still haven't arrived though it's
so annoying everything else has arrived
all I'm waiting for is the straps so I'm
not gonna wait any longer so I went in
the Amazon Prime and I ordered Next Day
Delivery on another set of straps
because I can go and I like because I do
I remember that Lake I could just go and
rent them but I really want to take you
know kayak friend cuz it's like can you
bring your own thing it's all I got
it's like an adventure it's like an
adventure huh huh
ah now test the waters friends maybe you
can come with me no but maybe you can't
because enough
sensible jokes sensible parents Jonathan
is saying no way but crazy joke me the
father is like y'all banished only come
down you know it'll be gnarly all right
let's put the old benzos - peep peep
peep
all right this particular one you have
your fella
daddy Bella ah ha Helen how are we
mother yet all you have minds are Punia
nor Beach if you now go better oh yeah
point you back okay I'll come back to me
huh
yeah come back to me listen doing a rib
eye in the fall yeah so you home already
can the phone there no from my cell
phone
what forgive you oh maybe they Mitch
we're getting a chatty
he's mad
anyway Amenia what are you doing what
are you doing are you on the phone in
the bed you on the phone can't sleep at
your phone hello
yeah no I'm sorry Emilia can Emilia
can't come to the phone right now
it's past your bedtime and who are you
you matter are you giving your number at
the boys I totally talked about this
I taught we talked about this boys are
biters remember huh
far from that say boys are biters boys
are fighters
you got it friend you got it you got a
friend in me Oh boom boom you got a
friend's our time Oh No shower time
shower time shower time you are obsessed
with dolly okay look here's dolly here's
nothing here's Sally come on come on oh
sure
look at parents bill gee I ran her over
the stronger today come on let's go
let's go
okay Minnie's coming - is she okay let's
all go let's all hold hands okay let's
go this come on let's go guys yeah open
it for me Leah oh thanks all right let's
go yeah let's go stairs okay no wait
you should better take off their pajamas
read your stuff first
oh no oh no no - get it what did you do
is your tip what did you do he stepped
into the shower your clothes done
oh no oh my goodness well no better end
the video than that
we'll leave you on that note we leave my
not note huh you go say goodbye say bye
oh boy guys thanks so much for watching
today's episode of this echo neato
oh I'm in around make a nice cow it cuz
it's fun to meet life's Thomas come on
guys we all get along
