good morning friends and welcome to the
video that's gonna change your life
well not ready I'm not gonna smile in
her face hey be back
hi mommy look the poor family it's a
both my moley affair all right so we
were sitting here having breakfast
Emilia was on a very important business
call they're still on the phone you
always hang up and she yeah she got up
here she wanna be part of it in this
show's over guardo who's over there she
was like oh no I don't yeah and now
they're quite a minute yeah she just
isn't scary you know
Eduardo I know a dried up do you know
what has Eduardo ever been Acuna do DS
guises so my hands getting a bit under
control
she can tell so I think I've been
looking at this barbers here my driving
passing it let's try it ed so
I'm gonna try to go scare China and do
barbers but hopefully it works out loud
go find any minister so Jonathan's gone
out I have to clean everything up after
breakfast
what what okay that's very interesting
mommy's busy trying to put the stuff
away
I do feel though that now that we have
the weekly shop done we're kind of back
on track cuz I don't know we had no food
in the house it was just like messy but
now I feel a better bed stuff so my
fridge is good we had to me I just need
to put all this away it's just so much
crap everywhere I hate when it's like
this it makes me look thank you
okay Eduardo Eduardo is crying yeah this
is real like it's okay that's it not
have to go anything to meats and stuff
because we got the waitresses one
we have an emergency situation media has
just asked me for a faster I got it I
mean yeah I got it look there you go
be right out oh okay yeah just put on
your knee good girl
you got a pink plaster mm-hmm
she specifically asked that good girl oh
it's daddy home and we're done had a bit
of a trim edge we had the shower I
always need a shower
I cannot go to get my hair cut and not
have a shower immediately afterwards
because of all the little hairs that get
in your top well yeah what do you think
it's America and I said using press when
I came home sick oh my god it's so much
so good blending and stuff I think it's
pretty tight I think it's pretty tight
the girl that came though this is my
point c8 which is pretty cool now we've
got all waiting for us the straps we've
got the wetsuit stuff we've got the
points the aid and also um I bought em
noise cancelling headphones damn I was
looking right because we're going to do
some big need of events and stuff very
shortly and I want to be able to bring
in weekend edoardo Whitney but I'm
worried that people were like scream and
agree loud and I was like oh there must
be a way like you know when you're
bringing like kids to concerts and stuff
and I got the idea from on tenacious
these live album they had this like
documentary and Jack Black used to bring
his kid to all the gigs and he had these
like headphones on I was like they must
exist somewhere so I found a pair my god
two pairs of like sort of two-year-old
and up ones for like a million edoardo
when they go because they're really cute
and then I bought a special little one
for dad like a three month old or a
little baby that M Eduardo is gonna
we're so that's that I could we can
bring the meetups and if everyone's had
screaming and shouting or so lots of
noise the kids won't get upset so I was
like home
boom what do you say what did you say
she's actually talking like someone who
has a pair of headphones on she can't
hear herself yeah no need to shout
Amelia I'm right here let's do the test
that's that's tested okay hi you turn
around for a caller you call her no no
I'll go Amelia Amelia Amelia can she
hello Amelia hey do you love them you
love them
can I take them off he's a cool aren't
they
we have to try it wire those ones I
think that wire does when saw their
little baby ones are probably more like
they got to be more stronger it says
like 10 decibels so oh the boats come
off as well
please I'll hold on to this then all
right Sanders trying look at these
things are so cool I'm gonna like chop
them in half and make like posties this
ham is amazing just one it's like what
does it cost
outdoor weird ham on the bone it's so
quiet but look when I put the bread in
it like barely fits into the thing like
he just might be nice I think this could
be really good straight from the oven
did you try it amando it tastes like he
takes off no no they come with stretchy
stuff on them I have the same size head
as it wider I'm making it also whenever
whenever you want to have a big nasty
fight with your wife you can just stick
them under kids just go for it
we gonna max well I don't think you
should do that again I think that would
be a bad idea so we are well we I am
breastfeeding outside again thought it'd
be good for Eduardo to get a little bit
sunshine I'm just for a change kind of
stuff the inside when it's so nice out I
didn't want to be trapped inside
mhm
under media is ruining Jonathan's life
okay I'll read you a book pink a book
these are the books you read last night
well actually we never read this book if
you ever hear a C just don't buy that
book it is like the worst book in the
world
it's like as you read it I'm always like
so we always follow it up with have a
pink fun book but these are all last
night's books so we can't read any of
these ones okay
what have you got the new baby one okay
we can go with that we'd put these back
in the library Oh what do you want back
a buck please do you say please oh
please all right
the new baby I'm getting a nappy change
someone's gettin everything hey I love
your outfit so cute stars you're so cool
and then the little cars why'd you
always look surprised
it's got something it's a bright you
can't see his pens like this come on but
he's got his navy pants which fit I
think these are out she's your are these
three to six
yeah and they fit you're not that short
who told you to be very short who told
you you would
who told you you enjoy listen me wasn't
well me ah
Aizen lovey wasn't going yeah so I
finally took off my nail polish nigga
part on one hand and not on the other or
maybe it was this one I had on I can't
remember but I found me took it off last
night and it's just too late it's like
everytime every night I'm like I'm gonna
do my nails we got nothing
she's getting better but every night I'm
like I'm gonna do any house I'm gonna do
my nose and then it just gets too late
it was like 11 o'clock and I was like
what is the point so I just took off all
my nail polish and I think I'm gonna try
and do them today her tonight or
whatever we're back to this again we
must we must get it done look at this
this dish is apparently going to turn
into some sort of it aside cap and right
now it doesn't look like it's anything
and there's tea Odom brilliant oh oh and
another two teams over there everything
there another thing here I see the
psyche heaviness tonight's menu I'm
finally cooking again who's happy that
I'm cooking I'm making trapping you pass
out but with a twist
I'm making it healthier because it's
with whole it's a wheat whole grain
pasta so it's like brown pasta you know
but I found these the type that I wanted
I can't remember if they're rigatoni and
I think there are you Tony I think it's
torture you don't need but anyway it
doesn't matter
that's the shape that I wanted and I
found it in the whole wheat version so
that was pretty cool
so I have the whole wheat pasta I've got
parmesan almonds which are the wrong
kind but it's okay that's all the same
because it's just going to be blended up
Chile's fresh basil from our basil plant
which is doing really well over there
a clove of garlic some cherry tomatoes
which you can't see but they're all
different colors and some anchovies and
see is that everything yep
so it's a pretty simple raw recipe will
you think huh all this mess turned into
something at the end when I go in this
and they all work in the clinic cooler
on the inside
I hate drawers oh I hate making cars air
like the worst the worst is making
drawers but they look cool huh an
immediate just woke up she just came
walking into me it is 58 almost in time
hmm yeah to keep Carl chameleons cuarto
had six dogs move to England then they
put some frogs did we'd buy frogs which
my frog friend to the song is complete
crap the knee posture drop any posture
drop any pastor you can try you're gonna
have some traps soon sit your trip trap
I need trip-trap pasta home you see him
thumb do you like pasta
I bet you're gonna say no cause she
likes to say no to everything
but even if you wanted you just like to
say no in that right no yeah what toga
fight it out fight amongst yourselves
okay ready ready ready
put on some are fighting tomorrow we're
going to ethics ethics my friend what at
Brentwood is that where I shoot that em
that's show what's it called Essex is
the way the Way Is Essex so named at
Essex and something about a way anywhere
we're going there would if what what
would what and you guys leave a good I
beat you tomorrow you should totally
check out wait a second
the time is this is it six o'clock
we probably already left sorry about
that
no no you never know how big is the
place now you give me this give me that
give me aren't you a son of a gun
are you is that everything
huh you turn away so she's trying to do
you know hello don't bite your fist do
my jammies huh no boys you don't forgive
me oh no no no oh what they kissed
you're pissed you're pissed kisser
oh I hear that I'm contemplating they
could do a pose yes water water water
water water water water I want water or
no water fufu and why do I know I know
are the water
hi where is the Biebs just be ba ba come
on children
you mean kitty oh okay DS going up
tonight thank you might now be you my
t√≠o say sorry all be very interesting
that's very interesting information
that's very interesting information huh
yeah you are just full of smiles if you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching
today's episode as always I will see us
well and thanks falling a pony's in the
comments do today
they were amazing I actually teared I
took a glass of wine i sat outside I
watch the Sun go down and I write your
poems I cried and I smile on the inside
it was amazing
