am I getting it so important if I had
last night anything got like the
craziest weird poop it was all over the
kitchen this morning but painter Mike
being like blood or something and it
smell really weird so I wasn't sure and
then she did it again now so I'll call
the vet so I'm just gonna fly down to
the net with her I hope she's okay she's
been a bit off you know um I hope she's
okay it's just like flooding and still I
could be in turn or something you know
poorni layer the okay friend
all right trouble finding satellites
let's go take me take me to the river
okay okay and try not stress a bit today
uh cuz I'm kind of hey excuse me
what are you doing rifling through my
bye
no you don't you don't have chewing gum
I know that's what you're looking for
what you can't have fun that's mommy's
okay perfect
ah chick chick chicken hmm no punch
mommy's you can come and no matter how
you say it when she says you're little
please okay no but we're gonna get you
dressed now okay we are back we got
loads of stuff we got loads and stuff
for you huh
she pooped all over me real I got poop
on me okay I got poop on me that's happy
boom better probably not nothing
happened oh look good thing I did
actually put that on the seat okay you
want to sit back on sit on the sit on
the little thing sit down sit down
good girl Oh everyone was doting over
her and his am a cut family came in with
like a baby Maltese like obviously for
its puppy shots and it was a Bianca you
know there's only like four maybe four
three or four different types of Maltese
out there they all kind of look the same
and it was a Bianca I looked over like
oh my god is Bianca Elliott Ladd I
pretended I'm from Surrey
it was so cute well yeah it was gas
drove Jean I just for the lightest you
know one of these long words that no one
can actually pronounce I wouldn't even
know if they I don't even know vets and
doctors make up these things cuz no one
actually really knows but it's time
truth or not but we got a course of
antibiotics because it does look like
there could be some Coco no bleeding and
poor little thing which is such a
trooper look at her huh
a super trooper alright it's getting
here let's go home to the packing have
you got your ticket this is valet
parking if you got your ticket ma'am if
you got your ticket okay how do I know
this is yours if you haven't got your
ticket
now wait a second I have a feeling that
you're just making me take everything
else when we take the bike out as well
okay no don't forget your stick need
your stick the reason by the way you
always am carrying six rounds because
Holly is a fairy she always does magic
she's a magician it was going to be a
fairy where you going to be a fairy when
you grow up do you want this car as well
all right well let's take everything out
Oh
whoa whoa whoa whoa that way you have a
choice
Oh hold on let me line them up here here
nice what are you gonna choose it seems
like the start of an episode of Top Gear
we're going to race to France pick your
car we're going to get on like a swing
set in a trampoline and stuff but I
think the builders are coming next week
we're getting a wall put in here which
will close off the garden completely and
then separate the yeah because the
driveway will be separate to the actual
garden No and then we're part of a swing
set of trampoline and stuff a bit cool
do your cleaning do your cleaning this
is what Amelia has started to do now she
oh sorry I've had a boo babe
fancy um I'm just feeding infertile
she took wipes out of the water wipes
packet and started changing
Daisy's nappy and changing Dolly's nappy
and then she started polishing the nail
polishes and her nappy is joy Amelia are
you gonna change
Daisy's nappy now she's just blue to ben
and holly's but she was doing some cute
stuff earlier she is refusing to show us
that cute stuff hide I was cute you guys
having a picnic
picnic I got picnic supplies all right
yeah
yes done and I was like oh when I draw
Holly's yeah so I drew Holly and then
she was like oh yeah Becky thing yeah
and then she has me wrong gasps oh is it
that's good you're drawing this okay
picnic picnic okay b-but that is a very
large stick don't eat the stick get you
yours Oh funny huh yeah yeah feeling
better are we okay yeah media culture
yeah yeah
you're not gonna water for mommy look
mommy's got your watering can
I always get your watering can
like she likes watching I think my mom
did it with her Oh me that's why well
this is creationist free water iske
unsure what do you want a video what do
you want
Wow
that's fun that fight now you're
actually watering it out next good girl
next one looks like
just for the record this was not my idea
Oh her face she's just like
what media
did you get wet no I just took a shower
doors shower oh my god that's me what's
daddy doing
she's like trying to figure out where
it's coming from your eyes okay maybe I
familia I mean I'm sorry okay
stop Jonathan I washed my hair this
morning stop stop
oh yeah it's not so great when you do it
tears though make it nice and shiny huh
rekka media now it's all clean Valley
what the inside valid as well never
cease is she saying it's mine you're so
clever
wheels won't be back so watch it will be
back put it in the Sun down yeah now I
don't have to get dry ok it's ok it's
clean
yeah Danny made your car clean ok
hoo-whee what stinky
what stinks nothing stings navei Ayana
Fay I got wet look at her bun there he
has got chicken legs my bags got a wet
bum Oh doesn't it have a weapon
Oh God your sock is going to be
destroyed
it's ok it's off its off it's off it's
gone it's gone
it's off your shoe I know but we're
gonna go in for a nap now okay you're
gonna go to sleep up to bed I'll fix it
it's okay come on cool I've joined the
club I'm trying ads in there so much eat
stuff instead of wets it's a figure
first summer I'm going to use these the
kind of like wet sit but they're not as
good but like for Lake is perfectly fine
I can take the cold some gloves and
stuff
cool I think can't even move this things
look so bad on to me though it's good
though and then let's try these pants on
BC I want with this because like it
matches that's really important these
ones don't have as much protection and
what are they dirty hands and this one
has a little bit more 5 millimeters but
it's neoprene or something okay I never
went to be able to take this off though
forget happy he gets when I come over to
him I finally did my hair totally wanted
to film video hello just looking at the
camera wanted to film a video but the
tripod broke in my hands as I was trying
to fix it like to the right level it
just broke I think
fix it again but both of my hands so
anyway and it's a new trick one I don't
have work it and then um yeah he started
crying
he needs to be set this video does not
look like it's getting made but anyway
and I'm trying to do everything in my
power to not eat this entire thing is
it's supposed to be chilled for five to
six hours or something I thought so
it's or not chill Atari I'm left at room
temperature so that's what I'm trying to
do but yeah looks really good right now
so we are gonna put a little eduardo on
the boob I'm gonna change your nappy
yeah I'm gonna ginger nubby yeah we get
engaging happy happy any change in it I
can see you know two things
mm-hmm and I called a doctor about him
or like a doctor's office but his shots
getting his shots done and getting him
registered I have to fill it like 5
billion forms before I can do it so it's
just annoying because I have to actually
like well I can get them online or I can
go down to the clinic but I think I'm
gonna do it on or I think I'm gonna do
it in person just because it's easier
for me are you probably couldn't hear
anything
the wind I just wanted to get your
little panel on as you can see nothing
feels worse so I am now a member I'm a
member of a club lads a club member um I
pay I got it I got basically me a member
then if I want like a media is still
pretty young you know I say I'll bring
out but you know she's only 2 and she
can't swim yet so I'm about am I can
rent boats though like denisa
and like sailboats and lasers and bps
and stuff so what I might do is out
started kayaking this is free cuz I'm
I'm not going to see without you know a
good answer brightening would jump in
the sea but I was a bit connect when I
was about 14 my mom ran a Adventure
Center a town and we call it was called
10 degrees west it's just outside bell
mullet in male it's called ten degrees
west because that's the location
was it called le Bay in Balmoral so when
we were there I learned had to sail at
the canoe had a wind surf at the dive
had to do everything and then we all got
trained up as instructors and all the
different categories of canoeing and
sailing and windsurfing and catamaran
and BP and lasers and stuff what I know
that was a long time ago okay I know it
was a long time ago so I'm gonna
probably do a couple of refresher
courses in all the different categories
just to get myself back into it you know
and make sure I survive as well but I
got some cool stuff Paul oh here is that
it buying a wetsuit oh I bought them out
I just bought different parts because
the kayak I'm probably not gonna bleed
not much that's what they all say
anyway let's go home this is gonna be
fun it's a fun journey and giving him
hugs and you were hugging your brother
are you a brother hugger
ah wiper should be one nutri left you
cheeky so and so many chickens left
Amina did you eat one each man I hit it
this morning so you wouldn't find it she
ate it get money treadmill hidden eel
what's going on it what's going on over
here here so funny you just mind into
the kisses your mind into kissing me
what what what what happened did he bite
you Eduardo bite you he's a biter he's a
biter lads I know that's why me mia let
me just tell you now for future
reference that's why you should never
ever kiss boys because they'll bite you
okay implant that somewhere in your
brain and always remember that because
she kissed our dough and I think our
dough bit her
what's daddy seen don't listen to mommy
daddy thinks anything don't listen to
mommy drinky
they bite you mock milk okay
you want milk for Myrtle you wouldn't
what are you talking about mom's making
up fetishes lies hello juice oh hey
hello I don't I smile I know make you
smile oh you're smiling good girl Mia oh
you're a good big sister watching the
catfish what
hello juice oh you want to show your
posture posture wow wow yeah mellow
placer Wow you're cool dude don't lift
your skirt off hello hello hello hello
mr. smiles ours and now the end is near
and so I face the final and slate my
friends I've said it clear I've
something something Enders byroads
there's something about byroads
