oh boy
my turn I got I got the short end of the
stick this morning
see like guardo's and his kid and
immediate my kid and she's the way we
make it work not not the rock but like I
kind of like take care of me and I bathe
and do I look after himself in the line
I kind of find where he looks after
duardo you know it's just a process but
I'm going over a couple about five or so
you wake up we start crying in something
I don't want to comfort him but in doing
that I woke Emilia up you know it's
Eduardo and back asleep but then she
came in the stairs was like wake up
daddy wake up you know I was like so
polar is it bad and I was like snuggling
brother for a bit
trying to get her to come back to sleep
but you know she's second 82 year old so
she want to go back to sleep she wanted
some new terrain mmm this is what she
loves to eat now well you know what I'm
just gonna give her what she wants
yes I'm so tired but I'm up we're up
we're all up huh the Green Party's
friend
do you have a nice sleep you all
refreshed
if you give them this whole darn cute so
cool gosh
yeah that's the breakfast and then go
here wash my three in the back and the
little one said roll over roll over so
are the roll over and Levophed all right
you guys have a look good old time you
know a good time right Oh Cheryl is
lying
Oh hugs Gerardo you got so many hugs
everyone hugs all looking at your new
back there's almost a hug back situation
oh no no it was almost a hug back
special hug back situation huh would you
go back escape do you think
probably not why stand here what's down
here
hey no the doggy tip just discovered the
cellar yeah I think yankin you know here
before perfect down here I should say
you give it another tour oh yeah oh yeah
peekaboo hmm you're gonna do so
excitement there like it's a whole new
place
I have a bit of an expert at ironing
folks I've been turning since I was
about 10 years old I'm an expert oh hey
hey no no you're not allowed no stairs
you don't learn no stairs they're
dangerous stairs yeah yeah why are you
here yeah yeah yeah did you not make the
clip did you not make the cut who did
that who did it though
who did the peepees drill you want to
get down in there let me get down with
it look yeah I know who did the peepees
was it a ghost goodness that was that
okay it's time to go decide to go friend
Wow nice dress
no no no no no no no who taught you how
to do that
huh was it Zoey and Zoey teach your hand
to that this is what we do enemies needs
to burn up energy we just lock her down
here it's just like runs right in
circles you like the Benny Hill show
little boy you've only got some makeup
on and I feel a little bit better I was
feeling a bit from B earlier because
they didn't have any time to get ready
cuz I got up quite late if I don't get
up or anything off then I don't get time
basically to like get myself ready cuz
it's obviously as soon as the kids get
up it's like everything just has to be
all about them
so yeah finally got some makeup on I
think I'm gonna film my three months
postpartum update and Eduardo's baby
update but I have to figure out how I'm
gonna do with him because I think he's
asleep right now
and he had a rough morning like he's
teething he's getting his bottom two
teeth I can kind of see them like
they're not up yet obviously but I can
just see the white so I think that's
what's going on I've got all of his
clothes here that need to be put away
because we don't have a dresser or
anything for him it this is actually his
dresser this is gonna be his dresser and
then we have to build our one which is I
don't know is it that or is it that you
can maybe that one so it's kind of a
process and then I haven't gotten to him
in his closet yet but Jonathan won't
allow me to fight any more furniture
from Ikea until we've finished building
the ones that we did already get because
that actually does kind of make sense
but anyway all of his newborn or not
newborn zero to three months stuff
doesn't fit him anymore so business off
his three to six um or this is just
stuff that does fit him in general bring
this down to him I have one suitcase
left to unpack just taking some
anyway I'm gonna go to bed next week
actually just going to be productive one
something's wrong with the lawnmower
we can't figure there oh that's what's
wrong with the long more wide hmm not
sure
this helps the situation I mean yeah
whatever you do don't turn out the lawn
work look at the tongue what's going on
I mean yeah you like that we did it we
filmed her video it was so bad he go
like this like this why do you want this
these are his two favorites Sophie the
gym huh and his new be teething ring I
just talked about them in my update
video but seriously he really likes them
and it's kind of all he wants to do
right now is choose he's chewing on his
hand right now and he's getting a bit
needy I think it's the teething but like
every time I sat him down usually he's
fine and usually he's fine and just
today he's being like every time I come
down so upset so I definitely think it's
the t thing the grass's has been cutting
into
look at that it's not cool with the line
ceilings they're taking a long time to
learn how to do them perfectly they look
cool up other words you can't weigh the
Spanish shootin Luis came over to stay
with us and we used to get Spanish
students every summer and he showed me
how to get those perfect lines sounds
like it looks like a football pitch that
we've quite a large grass mass and I
like family Homer as a kid but I always
wanted that in there boom good morning
again my little friend is friend don't
kiss the wood okay that would be great
hey oh oh well it arises it arises
it's arisen from its lumber I have a
sneaky suspicion that is not going to
work okay there is a perfectly good exit
and entrance right there okay I think
you I think you are suffering from
confusion what are you doing that's not
gonna work that's not gonna work
all right okay careful oh okay well I
think we're still a little bit tipsy you
sure just checking my suitcase
taking that bad ass what we go
downstairs we gonna win tonight Germany
Argentina the fact that the match isn't
actually going to be played in your
Universal tomorrow well today but you
guys want to see the so tomorrow I'm
gonna say I said this is the started
entire world
process I said I think Germany is gonna
win it you know but then I didn't say
anything about mm-hmm who's gonna clean
up this mess huh
okay here you go get to it get to it no
you want to do it
people wanna do this people want to do
it it's all there back to where you
found them people want to do it okay
get to work come on chop-chop
tippity-top
well that didn't last long did it
that's right put your foot down Wow look
at me morning the brunch
can't you move it hand around look oh no
my god
yeah yeah these people want to go good
girl he's walking into water all of it
good girl yeah look at you huh
break it a little gardener okay now we
need this whole bed done okay and then
all these down here and then if you
could just kind of sprinkle the grass
that'll be great okay I'll see you later
have fun
oh maybe we were playing in the garden
she get bited it did you get bite it it
came upstairs he was downstairs hello
our dough hmm I always think that's the
fault in the stars top iterates the two
clouds yeah that's the way at all hey
you know you won't even have a shower
I don't our door has a bat be behind the
shower that's how it works mommy has
BOTS that he has showers are you doing
let's go let's go
say night-night our dough kiss give mom
a hug and a kiss
look at her she's a signature Annie's
loving this deal alright don't you make
a run for it I saw what you did she's
like when I make it don't you where are
you going where are you going where are
you going get upstairs get up right
that's it that's it that's it this is
the burden family and I am mrs. bad and
my name is Lucy
my name is Tom heaps look mid dog that's
sound good okay
granny and Grandpa come Tuesday and the
bugs and family house Oh though I can't
hold it
they're going to look
Lucy and Tom when mrs. Byrne is going
into hospital Lucy and Tom are excited
to see them shall we progress with
destroy lads right yeah right yeah it's
top of the tuppence the burns get ready
for the new baby there's a lot to do
before the baby is born
mr. and mrs. Byrne decorate the baby's
room listen Tom help to mrs. Bevan
paints the barefoot baby sleeping
Lucy uses the body bad to wash her doll
that's Lucy she's a she's a kidder she
is a kid or nuts mom feels the baby's
coming
who's mrs. burns oh yeah she is she
wakes up in the middle of the night she
thinks no the baby's gonna be born soon
everybody wakes up mrs. Byrne gets ready
oh this is just too exciting rats this
is just too exciting right we must revel
in our excitement and Sator ah Sator ah
so say cheerio say cheerio what'd you
say cheerio cheerio cheerio Cheerios
Judy giri cheerio alright lads
right we need to finish this story we
will see you guys tomorrow thank you so
much for watching us a goodbye say bye
say bye
oh goodness okay the situation has
escalated the child is saddening oh the
child is sitting each other's laughing
don't know I've made the child Hareton
for that I'm going to suffer and
there'll be consequences and you're
partly to blame for this okay don't
think you'll get enough soil I see hope
anyway thanks so much watch today's
episode you guys are amazing
once again takes
much relieving beautiful and tasty and
poetic comments hey feel free to leave a
poem in the comments take everyone leave
a poem and I'll see you guys tomorrow
my
