hi-yah
what do you watch in you have on some we
the backs huh
are you that is gonna on the bike he's
gonna have no bike I see you later
friend
see you later mini sorry my in your way
am i disturbing you
hi Guys hi Guys hi little man are you
watching did you watching cast off see
you laters sliders how pretty is this
place I know you're thinking hey that's
just like some muddy pond doesn't matter
I should bring the kayak here that's why
you're bringing a kayak for like a Tesco
you know it doesn't look like if you go
far that's probably somewhere knows em
you know swamp marshes they just like
sucky in so maybe that's not a good idea
plus I'd have to actually track the
kayak alright here and I'm pretty far
I'm truly Golf Course I don't even know
where I don't think I'm near town was
the guy in Lingle to England England the
town calling me isn't - Anna ready to
start the school project let's kind of
get fit for some more kind of project
leading to a pretty special sort of end
you know we're kind of work wanted to
kind of do some sort of a project that
would lead to like something that's
coming up we're like oh my god it's
trying to do so we'll talk about that as
it as it starts and stuff you know
it's pretty good it's turning out to be
a really nice day which is good so many
eyes outside plane I just picked up some
most of the poop there's a bit more
though I just noticed hi
what don't you uh know you want to go in
here
oh the door do you want something from
in here put your car yeah oh that's
daddy's boat daddy got a boat kind of
let's take your bike out so you can put
your toys in it
okay hmm there's daddy's boat let's
leave daddy there's the rug we're out in
the Sun it's so nice I need to move
though cuz he's like actually directly
in the Sun but um I just pressed by him
outside for the first time I think yes
but a little bit of vitamin to you t D
is good for them so I don't mind having
them out in the Sun a little bit we
should move though because you are only
like three months old so I don't want
him to get sunburned okay that doesn't
make any difference I need to remove
puppies Emilia's over there she's
exploring hi Amelia you being a good
girl yeah we were quiet for so long and
now they're just working aren't they
working their bowl doggies Oh bye-bye
Albi
okay ah a great degree to me when I came
home I came to the door and my Viking
videos like Eva like Daddy by Fever bike
yeah uh I don't think I know has a bike
yet we'll get our little bike mommy
doesn't have a bike rider just be behind
daddy it's a special view button daddy
thing okay yeah yeah did you have a
sausage roll
you look so messy daddy sunglasses you
see sunglasses you might down hey OH
auto resume I forgot to turn the end of
month off come on let's go come on
mommy's coming up too but you have to
get into your bed mm-hmm it's nap time
okay you ready
I'm gonna read this book from Holly and
Lily
mmm-hmm she gave you that book then she
Marais and her mummy Holly do you
remember honey
hey remember mommy's friend Holly hey
mommy
oh hi mommy and Holly Holly has a little
girl called Lily
and she gave you this book yeah yeah
okay let's read it how to make a toasted
sandwich for holding a baby huh
all right make it toasted sandwich Mick
it's in there oh it's a turkey a turkey
extravaganza I use the ball the last
letter Turkey I made a monster turkey
sandwich it is that it's hearty our baby
well I've got a baby here and the turkey
over there it's fantastic the first step
when making a toasty while holding a
baby
is probably the most important step is
to put the baby down because it's
impossible to make it toasty while
holding up a small baby okay
that's the truth the second step it's
not as tricky but you want to make
yourself a nice line and just shop in
there and chop it you wanna make that
ten cents more you're more professional
because if you cut it silently you can
cut it silently look for there's nothing
more professional okay let's have a look
oh that's to do what's in my toasty tag
who wants it right there don't wait
what's in my toasty tag they should
start up I just did Turkey and the man
to change right for the rice yeah cuz I
am so mature oh my god
oh I get you on the lips open mouth
kisses for watching toddlers in Tierra
we're getting here we're getting it
right already ah we're gonna be ultimate
supreme ultimate supreme is supposed to
be a witch it's confusing
alright we need to start at this grass
situation do we need to throw it at the
grass situation
huh no fair is the long war
hello boat friend I am excited and
delighted to bring both friend there
I can't wait maybe next week every air
next week I'll head up to Brighton or
something I give it a shot yeah yeah
I ordered the sea on the top of my top
of the Jeep over there right the way it
has the things the rails so I ordered a
like they're like straps for for kayaks
from ebay and I'll just like bolted on
so I can put it on the roof I'll be
pretty cool so soon as they come I take
your down to the beach bring out all I
got to get a wetsuit oh yeah I don't
want to get like I'm a buoyancy 8 as
well just in case
Hey we checked the petroleum switch on I
have a guy yeah what sounded like fun
mm-hmm all right let's go can I help you
there can I help you with something look
you things in the box I say - there's
nothing in the box
let's get some we're gonna make some
SodaStream hey I don't want something
this one cream cream I prayed them all
of the stage and I have to say my
favorite so far
oh no this is there okay can't get my
hand up oh no this is the funnest part
of the SodaStream action
Sharyl to have a cool ring oh yeah you
teach yourself oh wait it didn't work it
didn't work at all then you get this
thing like her
oh you guys stick what you gonna do that
one gives daddy yeah no can I have this
I need this it's really important it's
really important but I'll tell you what
I'll give you a fee Twitter how's that
how do I give you a beatin
can I give you a peep he'll take just
take it just take it just take it what's
the problem
you teach mine smarty pants okay this is
probably the wrong way to do it because
it exploded but you should probably put
the ice in first you give me that you
give me that right this instant
you give me now write this Ensign you
come back here right this instant
Oh quick turn oh I'm getting closer get
closer I'm getting closer okay and go
sir
whoa whoa what you're such a Messer oh
my goodness mr. Messer seriously but he
hit good get off that
get off that get up yeah you hit give me
a shot shots all right this is not a toy
I here to cut a dog one this is not a
toy
now I've made it a toy what seriously
it's not a toy what's happened here
everyone's stealing it
are you guys going to sleep together
night-night maybe about that I'd I'd
fall asleep so cute
I'll get it hey I was going Stephens
careful they will pull your magic
abracadabra booth bye-bye yucky whoa
nice moves
Oh dark outside you should probably go
to bed what are you gonna make it water
disappear if I make the water no
Diliberto much do you love him
watch say I love Eduardo be barred oh oh
divider
okay mommy's inside yeah hey Myrtle hey
guys be nice or I'll kill ya buddy
ha ha ha careful careful alright guys we
are done done for today
alright newbies hmm you say done for
today
huh you can almost say every word we do
these are flash bright things all the
time and Amelia can really say all the
words huh thank you it's pretty cool
alright thank naina hard Oh Nate Nate
Eduardo name is Eduardo yeah you're so
cute
maybe bye say bye thanks so much for
watching today's episode and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
fine Oh
