I could be the Sun
faithful as it comes every morning if
there's no one else around
I'll never be someone to let you down I
could be your tree come sit with me
where this so good morning and welcome
to part two of the day of the other day
and this evening hi Brenda and we are
going out and look at this place it's so
cool looking is this your one here
that's we're sitting there you're on Oh
what oh my god my charms ah look who's
organized - what it's a romantic hello
hello it's probably like wild or
something don't go near them we have
found Emilia he's gonna show me your
outfit wow you really look nice you
really blend into the pools and it water
who looks like he's wearing lederhosen
hello mister you don't like that and you
look pretty cool though you got lots of
pockets well that's cool and what about
you what about you huh
you got loads of pockets to the other
pockets - oh that was nice Amenia unless
yeah I think we're matching we're
matching we're in an Italian restaurant
in Jamaica a Jamaican Italian restaurant
what's the best Jamaican Italian food
jamika because I was like there's no
like I was like wait what I wonder I
want something Jamaican but we came to
an Italian restaurant so yeah that one's
I'm very bit hard one yeah
if food is Roy and I got the past of
Meatballs giving out a bowl full of
cream I think God would you get
salmon unless you got some like fish
with a fresh fish is fried and you need
two little explorers over here they've
decided that they're they're done with
food and now it's time for fun are you
pointing rabbits putting the kid in the
bunk bed we are just having our pudding
we all thought the same thing everybody
so Nutella pancakes and Nutella crepes
with ice cream with sprinkles like this
literally looks like a kid dessert but
it's actually good isn't it very good my
pasta was really good too yeah I I just
wasn't sure cuz like it's a obviously
we're in Jamaica but it's an Italian
restaurant so I was like I thought we
made a mistake
yeah for honestly the Jamaicans gonna
evidently cook Italian is it was really
good no thumbs up from me and this is
really good too
oh my god it's too soon but like it's so
cool like it oh my goodness
I look so nice and it is the next day we
are heading out like there's a Vivian in
the wild waiting for us oh my goodness
it's always that the day after the key
that you see all the sudden it's not
something no but if she saw red and
luxury I look like day one there's
always a look at this look at this
little Italian over here oh I just hand
yeah and his water just hands and amelia
and myself but plays little lobsters do
a little Irish patties bit harder this
is this is what color I go I don't go
tan I mean you're smoking of red what a
media is so funny good she always gets
it as well and then is water there's
nothing wonder which way unless she's
gonna go get you mean is chase he's got
like level 1000 this is Irish Sun cream
level 1000 Eduardo the little Italian
over here
oh oh they have actually this one I like
a son can buy is you can't at all
what if you get something while what
we'll do is during this trip we'll get
something right and you can bring it in
for show-and-tell
when you go back to school and you can
tell all your friends
something like that yeah yeah hydration
we get is they get this stuff business
enjoy Hershey's
so we didn't see much of Alessi
yesterday because she was very badly jet
lag in that way less yeah that she was
so bored as they were Porter was she so
jet like she was so confused as to what
was going on which is much better today
she woke up so happy you could already
in bed you jumped in me you having fun
in Jamaica get you you've been so you've
been everywhere
your little age what do you get in the
mania a bagel what about a cross on all
right day to breakfast to women again
with the pineapple I feel that here you
just need to eat all the fruits a minute
his fruits yes fruits in Jamaica are so
good and then obviously salmon so salmon
inside these cross only things the lemon
juice and pineapples and pancakes
that's right go away we went for a
proper English breakfast Winnebago me
know what you go in
a chocolate cross on a bagel with butter
and some fruit you are doing for the
classic cornflakes classic cornflakes
Eduardo
it's very happy together LS yeah ell s
yeah yeah what did you get you got
bagels eggs salmon
this is my this is my Caribbean basics
like I repeat basics all right so today
we got this cool little bed thing we can
all chill in so we don't get burned too
much but we're gonna head to the sea
guys are you gonna come to the beach
with me we're gonna go through the sea
you got a swimming in the sea
where does having issues I'm not the
only one out there in the Sun we're all
hiding in here and is that they're
studying yourself
alright I don't know little babies in
their head right now you want to come to
the beach you mean go swimming in the
sea what why not we can go another
adventure Amelia do you want to come to
I mean did you want to come to the beach
of me yeah and go swimming in the sea
yeah that's what I'm talking about
you always my little adventure do I
don't mean is coming would you reckon
we're gonna build a sandcastle we're
gonna find some mermaids Jamaican
mermaids waiting Eduardo you feelin it
you feelin me bro all right I've
switched over to the GoPro because
nobody wants to come with me so I'm
going alone to the beach but I feel like
let's come to Jamaica the least we can
do is consuming indecision right here we
go first time beach
thanks guys I thought your I'll leave me
on my own
all right now oh my goodness all the
fishies
okay now didn't we say we wanted to go
to Cuba all right let's go I think it's
this way it's a it's so deep oh no way
come to this two little like infinity
cool thing how cool is this cool though
no it's not again she's not salty water
salty waters in there this look there's
a fire in the pool in here don't go get
some Jamaican rum oh man I was so
amazing no idea the footage is like in
honor always I was like an epic footage
or crap footage because that's a GoPro
you can never see what you're doing hey
guys see it's time to party for some
lunch
man could you imagine me got poor these
old monkeys about what hey you know what
we've never had just the first thing
we've ever stayed at a resort I kind of
I get it like I think the Sharks are
really cool are we sure about it before
do you stayed in hotels
I mean it's having issues she's got sand
in places
you take off me to go into the pool and
just like wash it Alyssa Alyssa who's
that who's that
yes gelato ice cream at all Jubilate oh
we got you some gelato yeah right we are
actually leaving this hotel now in a few
minutes I'm just trying at the blocks
order for you guys where we go and then
cause that's where I said we're going
somewhere where I'm gonna be offline for
a day only let's do anything but where
you see the next video you're about to
watch in the channel it's gonna be
insane
Vivian it's gonna be insane insane in
the membrane but I gotta go now and go
DX we got to go leave and go somewhere
crazier than here say goodbye friends
and I see a seat bye bye say bye bye say
bye bye say bye bye budget budget boom
I'll carry
Oh Kerry Kerry
Oh Kerry Kerry
Carrie
your way is no bird
push it a Friday or effective
okay we are somewhere very exciting of
them to head off on a new adventure so
check out tomorrow's vlog guys and find
out where we're going and what we're
doing you excited are you excited are
you excited excited French check it
tomorrow
