okay so just just as I was about to
leave liquid arrives oh my goodness
see we did actually buy kayaks huh I'm
gonna be an ocean Ranger when we got
wondering it out these one right this
morning as well no key house I get seat
I'll open it an ass I'd open when I get
back and show you guys how cool is that
like a his little PJs mommy's phone he
did a burp Oh his bear it's not a
Barrett the raccoon I think but looks
like a bear a little bit look at its
eyes I mean yeah and for I know ya know
did you miss him he's giving him a hug
I'm wearing Christmas pajamas hey Dad
you weren't aware you did me think you
went to the shop to get some num nums I
haven't done a weekly shop in like
forever
yes at Eduardo's toy Oh elephant yeah
I'm super my eyes I was on my phone I
was checking like all the dog foods and
I couldn't find a good one so I came
here to pepper ketchup which took hours
I didn't alright let's find a good one
yeah just looking for a good dog food
you know don't say yeah yeah no we just
move to England you know so I don't know
all the brands right what dog is it ever
since we came back from Ireland I just
feel like I've being in a rut like I
don't even know I haven't uploaded a
video and forever I'm tired all the time
I don't know it's like ever since we
came back I think the week just like
exhausted me and I don't know what it
was I think it was just like everything
just came to a halt because we moved and
it was exhausting but like I just kept
going anyway and with the two of them
careful me Nia with the two of them and
the six dogs and the move and like
building furniture and I built any but
you know what I mean like just trying to
get the house that off which is still
I'm still trying to get it done and just
everything that went along with it and
then to how like we went back to visit
Ireland very very early on it was only
like three weeks into our big move so I
think it was just like a lot like it was
a lot to handle and now I'm I just I
feel like just staying in bed all day
every day and just vegging out but yeah
I just feel like not doing anything so
I'm hoping I get out of this rut soon
because I don't it's not very nice be
fighting mill did you work Hey he's
making all kinds of sounds that's gonna
do next
are you just making him do all kinds of
crazy stuff we don't think is no you
guys gonna let me take a shower maybe I
should wait for dad anyway let me know
how you get out of your ruts because I
want to get out of mine soon I don't
want to stay like this forever I want to
get back into things but I'm just so
high here by the way Brock ham pet store
supplies okay it's Brock ham Rock I'm
Lane I just put it into the satin ah my
bad the guy seemed pretty cool you seem
to know him basically what he said is
that they were when I bought was a
mixture between a couple of different
brands and he said like that really he
said the right words the vitamins and
there's none of this like added
preservatives and all that kind of stuff
because with dogs you just you want to
give them like wanna give him the best
the best food because I won't eat crap
plus they poop everywhere to eat crap
food anyway look at this I just arrived
back at the house yes thank you
this is Dona Sol hyper-energetic
formulator without wheat it's
gluten-free stop in amends and all sorts
of stuff when it that dog looks happy so
I will give this to go I bought like
kind of a medium sized one and I said
like if it's good we'll start buying
like hasn't liked it peasants a big
event and I get some glasses because we
need seven cups I thought he's a fish he
said it's really good for coats and this
apparently this is amazing you spray
this onto things you don't want to dogs
to go near and it smells really strong
and a couple of Maura soda and stuff mmm
yeah mmm
it's a family where is the family
there's the family
you mean books this one is it Bosco no
is 100 like baskets in Ireland Bosco
Where's Waldo that's right I think up oh
where is that it
whoa we sit your wand
Marianne why is that a little friend
oh hello harto are those in bed no no 20
magic spells on our dough make them
disappear or something want me to read
this book okay I'm not very good at the
old Italian I'll be honest now mom is
the fluid Italian speaker quando torn
mono I'll go see the gore no D when he
helps me today d cost us or no Quixote
que hora Elijah email tronco something's
you're at Ron what are you doing what
are you doing
the letter L messy No
be by shower
this is our nose bathroom
that's what eduardo has his box at night
this is this is Eduardo a mummy shower
deepa has a bathroom upstairs hmm oh boy
oh boy Wow you want to turn this on for
you you ready no good either way the big
fella
come on come on let's get outta here
what what is it what are you going we
have teams to do is escape of their own
noble daddy no daddy you don't know what
you're talking about daddy
hey sir why don't you say a couple of
things just a quick fYI I know that
there's some comments itself and for the
last day or two about in media you know
everybody raises their children whatever
way they want to raise their children
you know we're over here in our tour
we're living in the UK where I raise my
kid like an Irish person you know and
obviously there's going to cultural
differences to how we do things compared
to how you might do things in your
country or your culture your way and I
just well I just hate when I see people
fighting in the comments of that stuff
you know I'm like don't don't be like
fine like everyone's different everyone
does things differently like like baby
gates for example my brother and sisters
have kids and they've never used baby
gates I never had a baby good corner the
only reason we have baby gates on our
stairs is actually for the dogs to stop
the dog turning up says it's nothing to
do the media and that is just a way that
we teach our child had to be safe I see
we're getting here in comments and like
we do things our way and of course like
you know when people watch it it might
be the way that you think would raise
anemia but that's the beauty of
parenthood you raised them the best way
that you can raise them and I think I
honestly think Amelia's really really
happy and I think you keep her safe
we're giving her a good you know she's I
think she's gotten a pretty good
learning you know she's good she's
talking and walking and speaking and
she's happy and that's what's important
to us you know what other things you
might one or two minds find important it
might not be as important to us you know
I just I don't people fighting and
comments about stuff you know come like
we're all different you know that's the
cool thing about life and that's when
you get to look into our lives it's like
you can see you know you might find
things that we do and you might like
them and you might implement into your
life where you my team didn't we do and
hate them but you know it's it's okay
it's okay we just that down to starvin
people fighting amongst themselves over
stuff you know you are the cutest look
at you look at you what are you walking
around like to pack you got to thinking
that the one thing fold up
to pack too cute huh why you saying you
see would you say who's that
okay that grandma looks like my mom I'm
trying to make you toasty trying to make
your post epen is so funny
some days enough to never start like
today one of those days hope Freddie
we're all into bed yes under fire garden
hmm good how's your father
I'm fine thanks Amelia Amelia come on in
here like with Daddy got daddy got a new
toy Wow what's this Wow it's a boat it's
a kayak but forever
Nona have to open it first we open it
alright almost there
ocean Ranger Oh Ranger no it's just
gotta get this little part here off
there's our paddle is a paddle no no I
mean it doesn't mind the paddle
okay oh we obviously have to make the
seat
all right yes this part for oh it's a
potty not a body
oh is that like waterproof well that's
kind of cool you can put like your
camera your phone and stuff in there
yeah you want to get in hold on let me
let me build the chair the seat smart
will put you in it beaver on the boat so
you think of my boat it's a boat
Hello Kitty is going for an old sail in
there it's pretty cool I'm gonna hop in
if you're not gonna hop in let's have a
look
bye still seven Z's me step resign
hey what your shoes daddy's shoes so be
like oh it's like a magician's hat or
something
Wow you just keep you just keep banging
that over as we go through the ways shhh
oh you think you should take that no no
buddy get the GoPro attached to this
thing oh man we've got anything going on
shhh it's gonna be fun friend huh
you could totally fit Amelia in here
what's this part for it oh wait what's
that something immediacy stars I'm gonna
fit in here or it is
give me that thing there give me that
the toy there hang on the Florida
Florida Florida
ah hey Squidward hi squids ease hello
what's going on over here
I mean yeah jump on mom jump jump jump
don't be dumb don't be mean yeah I don't
even have to disguise in the world
because they said me act like it would
you say you are but mom we have the most
poor leave it at we have a situation
folks we've ran out of catfish episodes
this is a serious situation need some
comments of what we should watch what
we're gonna do with our lives now she's
crazy
Daisy oh here we go ready here we go
last one of the night this is it this is
the ender all right this is the end and
here we go folks
ready this is it
oh I thought was I that wasn't good
enough in the show go again go again
the Pope they've come here for a show
put on a good show of me yeah I want to
see I want to see a good show stopper
all right here we go do it did a show
stopper this is what you've trained all
the training has been for this moment
this one moment doesn't Gaston boom all
right
thanks so much for watching today's
episode guys I mean is gonna end the
today's episode with some crazy moves Oh
mommy turn into a tumble ready big boy
again okay gonna be all night let's see
you guys tomorrow
bye
