oh dang it uh-oh
why do you think huh what do you say - I
doubt he's wearing dungarees but good
morning and welcome to the 40s over yeah
Juvenal this morning it is in great
humor
you wanna give humor to little friend hi
hi
did your little smile in there little
smile is there huh yeah
Melia doesn't know yet what the media is
going to me guinea pigs today that's
pretty exciting it's pretty epic I'm
pretty excited to see what she does
because she loved the rabbits minim the
hotel there in hateful manner then she
had there they had like loads a little
baby rabbits did you come up here get
bed hello
divas room yeah daddy's room down there
yeah you gonna do room tour yes it's so
cute look at that huh runs upstairs and
gets into bed this is chica girl you
know that hey man hey I think she's like
so choked udders out like like this
morning she came down daddy up two toys
a toy please um I here's what I here's
what I have hundy and she so chuffed
like she comes in the stairs in the
morning show like a baker I know if she
knows it like thank you
you know oh I'm already up I can't get
up anymore
are you can get open top of Viva Oh
you have an in neutral grain and some T
sub G I love her she's just clutching a
team so I packed a picnic apparently I
didn't know I thought I was packing just
a little lunch box but immediat old me
it was a picnic that it's big yeah she
remembered from the last time you know
really I was really impressed so that's
our little picnic in there cool all
right
oh goodness okay I think you have to
just open it and run but we all fit
though let me it'll be a heavy hitter
okay that's hot terrifying where are we
oh my goodness are we supposed to close
the door or something
hi let's get a hot button but these can
elevators no it's mental no escape now I
can understand
like they're so cute I yeah this is so
big and fluffy I know I don't get the
guinea pee uh-huh no it's kid
well they nibble hurt everyone this one
might see Oh doing I'm like poking it's
like all right here's the nibbly one
couch one a hole de piqi she's shy my
friend hold in button which i think sam
hello oh they're really cute let's get
one I've ever seen ever seen a lon hey
oh really
see I had these as a kid all right he's
a biter oh no mommy's got one don't poke
their eyes oh yeah oh that's alright
that's so cute oh yeah they are
different what she can you Pig
you look at the ending yeah all right
Mia is happy because she found Peppa Pig
he's all we has peppa pig in our house
so we have peppa pig zoe has Pippen pig
didn't pass the cake
- and Percy and Peppa you set up camp in
her pussy and Peppa oh you see Pippen
you say Percy oh she can say picking and
Percy what do you think of the papen
every week ya feel nipple yellow more
cotton person so something like that
welcome to our new to my house through
me sometimes I let Zoe stay here only
one she happy going to play the game
with that kinda like the game of that
and as you push them in they explode
it's quite dangerous they really did
have a go I don't swim rollerskates it
ended badly I think I got a broken calf
or something
she kicked or do you want to go back in
all right let's try it hold on oh look
she's in Wow
oh here we go here we go
vanilla like it so we you want to try um
not quite sure if that's the same size
on the shoe what has happened here look
at are you doing a video you come to so
Ella's house any what oh my god it's
like proper is it yeah holy said on they
look amazing she just thought a cell
phone there was like I'm totally okay
that's that's lovely now you look great
you look great let's go
no you got love in your hair oh hi guys
welcome to my this is get ready with
Amelia video so I like to put on a
couple of shades of lipstick I'm not
your fun oh come on mom so this is handy
we've a some I got Zoe's carry yard Oh
brilliant
what Amelia has been carried by Anna I'm
just like strolling the streets you
enjoying the seaside friend we enjoyed
the season I did one knows because its
new camera oh yeah haven't put it on
this one yet and we came in the windiest
day ever
Amelia found a pot of ice cream a
tablespace UTI yeah absolute fashion was
good oh no
it's no sign of the ice cream no that's
not ice cream now that sounds that's and
no it's over it's over it's over it's
over
uh-oh indeed no fear
I didn't make that one back again we
come back again to play the game well
you get that at all get down low they
got a time fine meal I've got a notion
since the oceans winning this Oh we
sitting here I don't think this is the
best place to sit though I don't think
this is the best place to sit
oh he's not sure sure did you like that
this is brilliance always amazing she's
standing out in media we're just like
children on the beach here this is
amazing I was over here he's a he's no
trouble
he's cause no one on trouble you chew up
a little bit we put his feet in the
water he's gonna get too upset by that
fact this is so nice isn't it it's so
pretty here hmm every now and again is a
huge gust to win so I'm taking advantage
of the non windy moment to have a
conversation and let's go to sleep mr.
Kerr good night
Alfie and I gather you're a droid an you
having more people to look after our
children that's what you do that's why
you have friends with new parents just
people to look after you children that's
the desta divil ish plan lads
what a Wednesday Emilia style is son oh
my god I'm sooo mning in I didn't
realize I was super he was like why she
getting closer yeah Amelia's just
Eaton's then can you hear the crunch oh
nice Emilia digit not nice no it's not
nice very face no no Jesse it's yucky
look at her enough raised at all by
Emilia
I really got some juice from her new
father maybe she does have no problem
and he like wipe the side of her face
and she's like thanks dad
just get me my venus yeah that's the
shoe hon why that oh yes no maybe that's
what we're doing wrong we was just give
us adding for dinner dine Amelia
apparently that that's me and or Alfie's
board all right it's getting it's like 6
o'clock beer I call that the Sun is
going man it's so pretty though
okay that's so cool looking over there
so pretty this is what to do when you
forget your stroller
I need nightgown just does house is
perfectly this I'm just a skater boy
he's just a skater girl find the
solution
what'd I do
okay so don't tell anybody think with
minor kya jockeys balls okay fine take
my - this one this is its called 'rain
and OSHA the Finkley we want to be ocean
Rangers well it's a good compromise
because a minute ago we're talking about
a plane so we went from a plane to a
kayak into a speedballs people it's like
we're losing out yeah actually yeah yeah
compromise Amelia I know you're having a
wonderful time
that's the dangerous balloon game
yeah it's dangerous balloon games we
need to find this boom boom ba boom boom
balloon not safe for children we gotta
go home to the doggies though you gotta
go home to doggie friends
Biba yeah I know I know do you want to
stay here I'll go you wanna say bye bye
Zoey no go say bye bye Alfie bye mommy
mommy's feeding Arnall Alfie coffee
skateboard doggy friends hi hi doggy
friends
oh you two stay with me is it did you
stay with me let me see the damage has
been done if any
oh pretty good that's pretty darn it all
right can I help you with something
so we're in the shower we just got out
and she ran off to the bed you know so
took her there
I think she had a great fun Nadeau chow
fun day with Zoey did you have a fun day
with Zoey mmm
Zoey enough for you I'm Gabi mommy daddy
in the beach all right Oh correctly
right here daddy
actually yeah did he lets go sleepies
friends to thinking really I'll stay in
the bed tonight all right you say night
to your friends not a chance not a
chance anyway see you guys later thanks
so much for watching as always and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
I feel free to leave nice comments
because that's what the comment sections
for
