hi where are your slippers you gonna
have some breakfast now you're gonna
have to look and made it for you put it
all out and everything I mean it has
gotten into have it unfortunately since
we were way of not sitting down for
meals so it's really hard to get her to
sit down again
although come on let's go let's go let's
have right num-nums you know what I mean
like when you're away and there's no
real structure to it and then I noticed
it for the first time when we were in a
hotel in our hotel anyway good morning
everybody and happy Tuesday
yes up it's Wednesday for you guys
watching I could arrive this morning
lads go back in the game back in the
game ha we're back the two cameras it
says try not to drop this one in the
water okay media and the media is both
technically speaking what what and why
she jumped the trust the trust let's
look at this one
95 Meg's per second transfer that's
gonna be epic that'll speed up they're
transferring files and it is the camera
that we use my right to vlog Parishad
s120 digital camera that's pretty good
camera you know little man
you know little man you know a little
man hey yeah
nice smiley sir smiles a lot old smiley
know and smile and so they'll call you
if you're a Mexican bandit it's a smile
which doesn't sound very scary when
someone said oh no else Milo is coming
no we didn't see much it's concerned
well - he does yeah you write that one
mm-hmm you look like you're flying you
got some stuff in your eye friend
I've got some goopy goop I got some good
big oops sorry I was having a bit of a
lie-in a mom and dads but this morning
is it nice I don't really know what you
don't know no nope okage don't poke me
high don't poke the baby's eye
stop don't make me turn the camera off
cuz that means you got a beatin alright
that's it cameras gone up maybe our
dough baby maybe be my baby our dough
good morning oh but just about that of
don't put your socks on them keep these
nuts to yourselves okay new rule keep
your thoughts to yourself hi
hi there Yeah right there like that just
hanging out with your friends one of
them full of snot one room full of booze
it's just poo snot party for watching
princess what are we watching
who's that in TV is that Sophia people's
nuts all over me
Eduardo's brogan yeah
we're too quick
she always the camera there no
swimming I like your PJs pretty toe we
go downstairs to the pool oh my garden
is nice so I'm walking at the sat-nav
right and I'm like okay bring me to the
nearest convenience store because I
didn't want to go to the supermarket
right Oh
have you lost satellite reception oh I'm
really sorry to hear that you've lost
out I was at that sounds like we need
stories
well when I was I was updating it this
morning and I think I might have I don't
know I didn't give it enough time to pay
for it it's not like bloody blogger
who's like sparse 18 miles away and I
was like also is this party miles away
cause it's really annoying I meet always
good Morrison's is there parking and
everything I should have known I
shouldn't know it was trolling me my
name 25 this did not turn out to be a
shorter situation just so you know this
is not good to me he was supposed to go
and find a different shop and then I get
to use right here hate my life hate the
stock and I hate the m25 oh we're taking
a break
we're taking a break you broke my heart
anyway I have a I've got two Martin's
that's what you get for trying to be
smart
that's what you get for trying to figure
out a better situation she's all missing
roles oh hey this one's I wanted well
I'll get this enjoyed meters just light
the mismatch
intellectualize it and to make matters
worse we're going to go in here and get
sometimes
I got the last laugh I got the last
laughs at now oh yeah what do you think
I'm gonna see you decide it you can just
you just look at that and think about
what you've done
Melia Emilia
thank you gotten yourself off to where
are you what are you doing what
what have you found come on let's go
come on this way what have you found a
big stick looks like a poker or
something come on let's go let's go
hey big jump big jump big jump oh
goodness
let's go let's go let's go come on it's
time for bed
it's time for bed it's time for bed the
little one said you're gonna get to bed
you know if you wanna bring yourself to
bed again we did yesterday but if you're
living near us and you're wondering the
why is a torrential rain I mistakenly
watered the plants yep
sorry about that I should have known
better than to order depends because
this is what happens if you wanted a
plants semental it's mentally ready
without heavy and strong Lorena's and
there are watering plants again watch
the catfish we think this guys getting
catfished we're not sure it probably is
look at this look at this thrown about I
know who's awake Viva Viva lies the
Beavers awake
Oh watch the catfish and we saw a little
head
where is it pretty bad
that's right
the best girl no he loves her
they'll begin with his authority
Oh was he evil that's nuts
you know posers yeah does mommy have
buggers I said why don't have boogers in
his name they better check his feet dot
dot dot
stop question marks
you say selfie your vision your nose
it's mommy's daddies and mommies have
you they'll always language or does that
soft okay don't get yourself trapped in
the rain
hey hey what's that how is your milk on
the floor
what do you check your knock on that
side don't confuse yourself giving
yourself a notion take this take the
brains take mini brains I'll clean that
up what it is raining yeah I about using
the rain waiting a lot let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go hey
so I mean you got there is that five
missing their dog who we missing is it
himself King Alby yeah no I'm the troll
Alby come on it's the media reacting to
her best self video I made best on video
deal
kids are asleep I think what kids asleep
Ana's adventuring the IKEA once more oh
no I don't want to build any more
furniture I still have to steal more
things to build ads oh my goodness I'm
not ready anymore anyway I think in
media isn't bad she got up a few times
so I just closed too far cuz I know she
can't help it
and she's been quiet since then so yeah
maybe she's trolling our know what I do
then when we go upstairs is that your
honor I don't we check on her motor
starts and then I'll leave the door open
so tomorrow morning she can get up and
they're heading head down I'm trying to
get the old flogging it's done now
because we're heading out to Brighton
tomorrow I'm telling it the blogs up now
so we can leave her any in the morning
and then the beach you wanna come movies
yep taking my dear friends like you know
headband look like you're playing tennis
I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks so
much for watching you guys are epic
Kasota clip and a blue-black I don't
know I'll just make up words I'm so
tired of making up words you can always
watch the links down below
sometime I might actually put links into
annotations but do you know we could
just we can all just go ahead and click
the links down below okay thank you for
understanding
see you later bye
