good my way buddy and welcome to the
video video diary if it's a card jealous
character okay wonderful be here so
we're taking over to video blog eni's
cuz the humans are just OpenSSL
I have one time to say what I do it
we're all suffering today folks and I'm
finding up we got Amelia this morning
right I left the gate open upstairs as
like as an experiment because she's
capable right so I stood open
she came then this morning okay all the
way down and her flight of stairs the
second flight of stairs all the way down
into here start playing with all her
toys they shouldn't turn TV on me she
just know I had turn TV on yet I should
totally teacher which he came down over
then here was like playing on something
that she almost like let the dogs out I
was like oh I wanted an amazing okay
okay I told you we're not to poke one
huh Springs to kiss on camera I know
I'll kiss you even in just on come on
okay you need to get to the dough add
link might be kisses and then after her
back like a while how long she's hanging
for she went upstairs into our room I
just my wallet was like daddy daddy it
was like huh wake up wake up wake up
daddy I was like oh my goodness that is
crazy that she could actually do that so
I'm gonna teach you how to turn TV on so
I could be in the morning she can Kamali
now says here turn on like pepper or
been on holiday herself
just like chillax or if she could go
inside let the dogs out this is amazing
she could like do everything much and
she could change are those Nikes ha ha
look at Amelia stop look bra is it a
pink top look at her shoes forget your
shoes
boom ba-ba-boom be by daddy while I sit
here be but righty
well let's sit here hide-and-seek do you
like this episode is a good episode
nothing on your hair study you're so
cute
so this little guy is trolling me
because he's in three to six months
close but no pants fit him
you have the shortest legs in the
history of legs okay yeah exactly and so
do I to be honest so but I don't know
it's more apparent with him than it is
with Amelia and Marianne told me it was
the same with Matthew and Sophia so he's
been licking licking living in leggings
and sweats cuz none of his big boy pants
fit and he's hungry being in my car for
a week oh okay I set the on off my bad
my bad friends oh that's mama over there
I look the very thing is still on their
mission score she sees me are you
wearing all my shoes today from OMA yeah
I love her you're just wearing one
though oh no I would give you more but
you've already had two boxes of raisins
and I don't want you to spoil your lunch
so I finally got ready got showered
you're gonna you want some more oh my
goodness you don't want to wait for
lunch you want ham and cheese yeah no
she's not a real raisins kick right now
so yeah I finally got a chance to get
ready
Eduardo's asleep but I have tonnes and
turn
I used to do today and just trying to
get like through the laundry because you
know when you come home from somewhere
you have so much laundry like let me
show you guys what I did last night it's
never different looking where the Miss
sort of flows over the vegetables for a
quick reel I don't see the big deal
tomorrow and it's in a big way of
tomorrow so I'm gonna do a quick one now
we're just making a trap new path so
people with a good nuts look at this
that's our cellar world the laundry gets
done
I just basically threw everything that
had to be washed down there there's two
huge bags full of laundry and then
there's like a ton more stuff just
sprawled out that's the way to do it
isn't it funny that no matter where you
are in the world
look the same it just looks like I could
be in anywhere in the world and
supermarkets always the same I think
that's kind of funny
that's the dog from you got just before
we left because I couldn't find any more
I'm trying to find a good outfit for the
guys Harrington channel I am is probably
good but we got into why and they seem
to have eaten it but none of us any good
should I go by price like that's the
most expensive one without making it the
best one what is going on here that's
everyone barking I did you get all the
way over here yourself yeah dandy bike
Biba bike that is right
daddy's bike is over there where's what
how have you missing a shoe you're
always missing a shoe you're like misses
missing a shake she's missing a shoe
already you know what was going on here
what looks like mischief is anyone seen
Amelia's shoe shoe
we're looking for a shoe shoe I mean she
she's right here where where was it last
time you saw it here this is a shoe shoe
up here no or was it last time you saw
Lucy is she shield there where is the
shoe shoe
hi guys hi guys you got something to say
have you got something to say ever
taking a little dance
what about it take your thumbs we're
going to tell you to do toes hashtag
hashtag super cute we were looking
around for Amelia cuz honestly II had to
go to bed and I literally I was just
always in my room and I was walking
around looking for and I came in here to
check and she got herself off clearly
using this he's our van
yes she actually did Anna she put
herself to bed yeah seriously she put
herself to our bed I know and she was
all in bed the covers over us in
her in our bed I know are you amazing
Hey this morning you got yourself out of
it
do you want to take a nap mom and dad's
bed oh wow night night night okay you
can you can have a nap in mom and dad's
bed if you want oh you're so cute it's
all amazingly smart watching catfish
reading comments having the lols
yeah she's in trolled look at her face
that'sthat's the watching catfish face
well that's so weird sit now we're
actually outside man we came again an
immediate came all the way down the
stairs she went upstairs to bed she came
back downstairs afterwards
she's amazing we have William s amazing
children okay you hear that wardo that's
what we be expecting from you and you
Eliot right back in the comments I just
wanted to let you guys know something
right does anybody else's husband or
boyfriend or just other half through
this don't mind all the junk food lying
around the diet starts tomorrow not
ready um okay so does anybody else's
boyfriend or husband or whoever do this
so Jonathan went to the shop he came
back he was like I got the best treats
ever for us because I was like I gave
Malinin and I was like don't forget
treats for us for like a little
afternoon snack type thing which is just
turned into a party but anyway um and I
was like yeah don't forget some snacks
for us
he comes back he was like I got the best
treats ever oh my god they're so amazing
and he was like you're gonna die when
you see them so he put that three he's
like oh I got the marvelous creations he
comes back with three of these right I
was like oh cool and then I look at them
and of course this one jumps to my
attention straightaway cookie nut crunch
okay
sans delish he's like he starts opening
that one before I had even sat down or
made my coffee or anything I was like
what are you doing
that's the one that I kind of had my eye
on he's like no no no that was not for
you that was not for you he was like
this one's for you right here banana who
wants Fionn Anna flavored like seriously
hi okay when I was driving me crazy
um I'm sorry I want the cookie nut
crunch
I don't want banana he tries to make it
out like he's bought all of us a tasty
treat when actually he got one treat for
himself and then he got this weird
banana flavor stuff which I'm not a huge
fan of banana with chocolate like
together to be honest I like banana on
its own I like chocolate on its own I
don't really like the two combined or
banana flavored like anything really I
like banoffee pie but that's a different
story
we both had the cookie nut crunch
because I was like that's to be honest
that's the only one I'm interested I'm
not addressed in any of the others so
now I don't know what we're going to do
these banana and the other one is I
think jelly flavor or something which
again I don't want he you know I want
the cookie crunch but he could have got
three cookie crunches is just too weird
Labor's and one good one so I want to
know if your other half does similar
things because I don't know who wants
the banana anyone want to banana first
comments say they want the banana gets
it
not really Oh be cool though all right
8:47 look I got a spot right across the
road
three times bro
now how much waited nine o'clock so I'll
come in a few minutes this is one of
these am spots where you can stop I
think it's like stop for 30 minutes but
any camera won't return for two hours
but now we're in to know of what that
actually means I don't have to sit here
and go I understand I don't understand
look like rocket English falling box
that's so cool so called
they don't have that run they use that
phone boxes in Ireland then they had
funny I don't even know if this public
phones anymore
Jura calling cards I collected calling
cards I had like a stack of two or three
hundred calling cards of all the
different ones I don't know why I never
used a calling card but for some reason
I got into collecting them when I was a
kid oh this man that smell of it sneak
peek sneak peek Oh sneaky sneak peek
sneak peek okay let's go let's go home
let's go home and have ourselves a pizza
party for the keys 30 keys in the car
gun and I throw them in there i troll
myself I must use them too up there we
go good job son done nicely done Kevin
I've come for chopped their joke jokes
alright pizza party every like this ever
it's just because you'd only travel on
you have to organising engineer shop and
stuff but you know myself daddy Brad mi
already pizzas every single day of my
entire life like they're not well but it
wouldn't help the old beach buddy yeah
beach mighty plan with haha pizza body
haha he's Mamma Mia
daddy got the pizza
oh I Tito Ruiz do you want to have a
shower yeah
nor do we these won't see you what are
we going to nurse a boat and bye bye
baby brother
what's this bye bye baby brother bug all
about huh
are you sending our dough to the moon
maybe this isn't a book maybe this is a
plan is this a devious is a plan that
you've you've hatched is it tiny boobies
so you're gonna hold my nose like this
now you hold my nose
mee-mah mee-mah Seema that's what you do
it hold on who we see buffaloes
no that is what's that one a bad light
big day bye bye baby
yeah okay when did you learn to read
she's trolling us here lies can you read
what son named with this book here
what's that say hi my baby brother oh my
goodness I do think though she's got a
really good vocabulary and I'll say it's
credit Anna because she kind of started
it see my parents didn't really read me
story so I wasn't something idea but
obviously and his parents did read her
story so she read a million stories and
I've kind of got into it but every every
night when since Amelia I was being a
little Squidward she has gotten stories
read to her and because of that I think
that's why she's got a really good grasp
of vocabulary read two stories every
single night huh I gotta see stuff in
the comments which people say like you
know oh why don't you guys do this or a
play groups or other stuff like Amelia
does do things like that you know and
it's just that we don't want to draw any
attention to it
so we're not really talking about it but
you can be sure Amelia has a perfectly
normal childhood just like any other kid
but if we talk about things we'll draw
attention to it and then if something
has too much attention to it then it can
no longer happen and that's that's
unfortunate so we just don't talk about
so if you're thinking to yourself it's
really weird way this Taccone Charlie's
never do this we're probably do do that
we just don't want to show it normally
talk about it you know but she's mental
she's crazy she's talking I'm walking
and hmm dancin and prancin you talk a
walker dancer Prancer are you
that's got relevance to that Game of
Thrones until has that that's Castle
black look that's the land the pie thing
drummer Joffrey aid or sisters King's
Landing what is this wait a second
sister like nursery rhymes of King's
Landing
alright come on let's put that away
we've done that we're gonna do we're
gonna read the devilish plan by our
dough by my butt hello don't send art
away in a rocket ship - say bye bye
friends bye bye brother see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for watching thanks for watching
oh oh
Amelia's gone later ciao say ciao damn
ha ha
