keyboard friends work with the breakfast
breakfast of champions
so as today wouldn't Kinsale which
should be fun we're supposed to yes
there was great together I thought there
today
yeah but everyone I think everyone had
like an anime yes they were all kind of
sick himself but that was great fun last
night Emilio is I think she was there
for ages like so much fun like that's
the way we can we get a guy from your
room I get you like - they're in the
room I would she she was like move it up
a step each time she was dancing a
little cards you want to clap in
everything you were the center of
attention last night huh I'm people
thought you some special fourth of July
they range from child to community cats
very brave and iris cookie just a range
as well which is perfect for a kind of a
damn day I need to replace two camera as
well I don't know how very low speed say
keepers can say is that were down to one
camera before yeah I love your gloves
how much anyway okay this one's nice
it's like a brand new one see you know
it has too many options menus mileage is
low
yeah your mom's gonna get some juice for
you okay then we shall departure on
everything a very good welcome to kitten
cell brands it's very kin and say and
say like okay so pretty here your
friends okay if you wanna push it you
know
really is not digging the old photo op
right now you sure you go
well okay oh my god she did these uh
these uh matches wrong idea yeah yeah
put mommy on you every single time thief
has been in our vlogs it's never ended
well
every time these been in the vlogs over
last time I was on what it is it was
like terrifying ready keep behind under
keep behind in this here okay let's see
how fast we can go told you is dangerous
again yeah okay my goodness this is that
defying this is that too fine why you
bringing my pouch Amelia okay we'll meet
at the slide your daughter's a bad
influence
alright you gonna fly down every time it
comes can sell weed a fishy fishy
seriously every time but today we're
going except today we're going to the
lemon place which is also equally as
good and exactly a mountain of room here
well
yeah I know my god mention is a to up
side-by-side you wouldn't even be able
to bring it here give you UV you have to
just drive around road hello hello hello
hello how will be that mor doe
hello Biba we're at the Lebanese cafe no
parking water please look what we got
Amina got to my vegetable crisp myself
and I know I got the skinnies we've got
a skinny salad I got some Caesars I was
gonna get the season run with uni I
never had a skinny before that's good
never else get something it was things
had if you had to essentially minis
happen so from orange yeah
you see the way your head it was like
300 calories with the sauce like 100
calories extra it's running a hundred
times better to me is having a ham
sandwich watching men in house so when I
have read all the time before you talk
it's so subtle and no one ever notices
from there she's using the cover
preventative move tops it like look how
much attention that draws do it you
could actually even though it supposed
to be more subtle actually cause more
attention more attention to it can it
was like what's going on under there
yeah what's gonna expose your breasts
yeah that's different I think I think
the boob tops are the best
yeah well close it a fact that you don't
even know it's dividing time you just
slip a little nick ball mr. ban yeah
we even notice nah he's like beaming
careful design you're welcome in the I
know what getting is around we're gonna
get some brownies China cookies no our
dough
oh hello
she's like an Italian I know it's a
while though he's just smiling at her
we're spending time with uncle Stefano
oh he's sneezing out his hand
hey she's back
so dinner was great now we have to work
off sigh a tamils brownie also got a
lemon meringue I ate about half of it
7m rang and brownie you're looking for
what's it called grandma's drawers oh
the place up here called grandma's
drawer or something she described here
guys and she walked past him all you
want to do is eat burgers smells amazing
he's like fresh cooking burgers face
amazing artists asleep camellias
disappeared what does anyway so quiet
Amelia mommy daddy hey oh my god is
whatever we found
t-cog they are terrifying don't go and
then they're not safe for small children
okay looks like this guy's a little
beetle oh they're a bit too big for you
Sofia
I wouldn't trust that I'll go on a
bumper car the media want to go but he
wants to go to Dominator radios gonna be
his home for my first brave ones always
mommy and Amelia
Nardo
all right so we are going to go bumper
car and when I have teens the dippy team
here we got mobile car ABC I'm Francesca
or are you gonna just call me in France
s myself or Jessica gainst stealing
sports cookies gonna win DJ's gonna win
some here what I will see I'll be like
elbowing you and kicking here I want to
bring a media by this is a bit to talk
over the flash issues oh yeah Oh
everyone's on your own yeah we're
running as siblings anymore put you in
the face
Oh
ha
my students up here
- that's what happened to me by going
this I was getting stuck like a left
corner somewhere
me everyday
Jonathan your team all right there's no
way she would be okay that you go by the
road together I am more talking the
violence the violence crazy driver let
so much fun when you could have a bumper
car home or if you got you just bumper
cars general bush go ahead brain yeah
you want to go as it got a nice and it
should be okay hotel room we're getting
some juice some be buy juice juice for
Biba juice for our dough I'm thinking of
that taking one last go in the pool just
like half an hour or something just get
a little swim it get my swim on huh why
would you I don't know what you want
English coffee okay wine you're shifty
Kish you can't possibly want juice juice
like some sort of a juice addict look at
a juice junkie cheese junkie is a Jews
so I have to go in for seven but I
didn't bring in media and sisters in
media cuz we're bringing me Leah I don't
actually get to swim although I think
it's a play were in the water and stuff
I don't get to swim it's just really
nice quite enjoy swimming
oops getting half an hour here and then
we're gonna get up and we're gonna sell
chickens we're leaving tomorrow morning
about 5:00 a.m. to get the like half a
ferry which will kind of put us in
London for about I don't know like five
or six tomorrow evening if we get the
later one we're not getting to in London
two like two or three in the morning
song it's just too crazy so weeks later
after that it's all funny guys we have
to get up at 5:00 tomorrow morning and
then tonight we're spending last night
with Stefano for Jessica Mary Ann and
the kids so and obviously Anna's mom so
because we don't see them that often
this Francesca's in Baltimore Stefano
lives in Switzerland and Margaret is
learned and we now live in London so
it's kind of sad for the kids you know
cuz media I think a really it was really
enjoyed spending time with matching
Sofia even how much is it advanced in a
way like she's actually saying like full
sentences but hopefully you know we plan
doing a lot of traveling next year or at
the end of this year moving on to next
year so we're gonna be in the USA for a
few different events next year so
hopefully be able to go down to
Baltimore be more now I watched the wire
so that's my interpretation that's my
vision of where Francesca lives
Baltimore okay maybe this is quicker and
go
you cannot walk past the jacuzzi without
affecting what this is hard to clean the
table using a small child be back later
me with me there you worked out I gotta
work that spot mes a Tina me know me
another tough spot
gotta work that bark Amelia
don't take a shower you know immediate
can say Francesco who you call it
Francesco total time tattoo we're gonna
call Francesco one time for justice
running convincing ah it's a friend of
the family this cat liver spot revived
bad guys go Francesco and Francesca
Jessica I'm ChaCha what's going on here
not dangerous at all no it's got all no
risk it all it's just a lamp moving
around laughs oh man this is what
happens when the dies watch the kids
hmm because you get lifted and turn it
faster to go dad let's go meet again
very excited about the game what is
going on here up here now we might enjoy
anything on the shelf
yeah rocky down again oh yeah I just
want to sit here and so let me put the
curtain and she got her head and are you
gonna say goodbye oh so we have to go
uh-oh he was are you gonna say are you
gonna say goodbye to my son Sophia no
yes yeah good idea good idea is anyway I
don't know all right let's go I must say
goodbye fun words of wisdom have you got
for Amelia
none you know where the wisdom Sophia
some words of wisdom go for it go for it
don't worry game
did you bother you ahead bunker thing
he's like in the motor pupus are you
gonna go visit man mama or they gonna
final words if you got for your friends
oh hello to everybody this your song SSI
let's see if that makes it any more
bye bye myoma is it hard to sing of idea
brother yeah we're gonna be into us next
year we're gonna go see him like I know
what's a year away familia will be here
maybe we will like you some UI stuff
this year you know the kids all get
along like oh it would be worth it you
know I'm still here bow counts I don't
