welcome to the breakfast morning walk
something is breakfast one walk yeah it
does doggy's harm this is the thing that
she started yeah where is love life yeah
you stick with your doggies no one
mention about this imaginary all I came
running elevator you going free yeah
what's in the bag he's in the bomb
I mean the trick Franco I mean they
wanted to bring a doctor breakfast when
I guess you something really attractive
huh mommy she's standing up soon to
since their garden
you bet I mean if mommy's gonna get some
juice I'm not gonna lie this is freaking
me out a little bit Jonathan's not here
yet he's on the phone and I'm not in a
bathing suit
so she falls in everything getting
soaked amelia is dying to go in I had to
do everything I possibly could to try
and stop her cuz I don't have any
bathing suit on she's so excited you
know she's saying swimming oh yeah good
girl you swimming yeah you're swimming
ready no hands no Jonathan she really
wanted to go in though oh you're okay
you're okay
it's only water Tony water swimming show
her herself in the mirror
when widel we haven't detected water no
good girl
Wow
now I feel bad that we didn't do this
every day no way me yeah I'm so sad
about going like oh not so much because
of my mom or anything but because of my
brother's I don't seem like ever and I
only got him as almost three years ago
and every time I think about one we have
to go and start crying like I'm so
excited I window and say goodbye oh you
have no idea like I had to do everything
I could to stop her from going up was
Lorenzo you guys remember we bought me
is living was that the water was cold
plus she was too small like this
Baltimore hmm don't season our dough
geez make geez Louise now you put that
one where are you going hello you go and
you decide to mommy this is our decide
what are you doing okay go in this way I
was in there the to up situation
you can have a smile on your face
always always she always chose this she
always loves them until we put the money
into it and then just like oh no the
coffee and OMA says it's like old school
it's the long way around there's no
simple way of doing it you can't just
put a caption in the machine let's go
take out coffee I need to take out the
coffee filters then you have to get the
filter filter device which is not here
cakewalk
where is he right here is ha you guys
see are you shouting at me hey
hey always it was old and then when I
swapped it out for a black one because
Margaret I had Margaret hat the black
one and I had the orange one and she
realizes for my wedding day
my Ma's or was orange when I gave us
work
if you know so it's his dad's back
jazzman she hasn't met me yet and we're
just wondering will it media remember
scattered I know our dough doesn't
spider you smiley he's happy yeah yeah
yeah who is it
Oh have you feel gosh thank Suzanne
she's hitting me
no Roger oh there's always a few missing
where did you go did you choices on your
new shoes oh so she's on you shoes did
you tell her about time from your head
while getting the shoes your shoes oh oh
your art is oh can you guys see this
camera it is like completely I can't
find what I mean look around look it's
completely split in half still works out
that works so I had to swing out to UM
camera shop please very good still
distance don't ask why so I have to go
out right because we didn't have any
lights with us and we didn't have a
tripod with us so we no tripod no light
so I was like oh my goodness what are we
gonna do so I have to go out and get a
tripod and lights videos country where
tonight's video will be worth it trust
me it better be love the Sun don't you
announce don't you end now and I nice
drive home go back let me just try to
put her April it's a doofus we don't
wanna fight you had a bag you try to put
a bag over her head she knew yeah
oh yeah no - before you go right before
you - it's a very good yeah
wow that's a great one but I mean
Atlantis a Suzanne which is quite proud
of it - she's loving it so much
attention go back up there oh look a
cute little monkey when we climb at
everything when we get home
who taught you to climb my garden see
you're having this crazy yeah she's so
good looks so good it's immediate having
raisins raisins of mozzarella
yeah hi I was myself out of my hand er
would you love me again you just have
all of it the swimming pool this morning
you just had her bed Connor Wow Connor
mean they made a friend call Connor
today respond in the pool in the pool
yeah we raised him we won hmm I trained
her well every everything in life is a
competition there's no room for second
place right you would eat those raisins
come on faster
so Inez this new trick I don't know how
she plans it okay but every single time
she hands me Eduardo he throws up all
over me and I even said it that I even
said it that I was like as he thrown up
yeah it's like no but it'll be fine two
seconds later he throws up all over me
her Jessica's gonna have to get the
hairdryer by cash
huh you find that you didn't come you
know I feel better not to open mom yay
thank you Joe
that's gonna do it that's dirty smelly
anyway shower Sharon the queerness
intimate that whole movie all I smelled
was his troll well this looks like a
nice little spot for smoothies one
another Suzie will be wake up I'm so
crazy like that
what are you doing that you regret the
camera dropped out Oh flat here Sophia
here put your put your face right here
give them a kiss
here all right we got the new light
setup the new tripod with this cool
little tripod gun thing it's really cool
right so you can pull it in and you've
got so much control on the pivot head
that's really cool I hadn't seen that
before
after where we actually kind of cure for
like long shots and add the lights kind
of cook it's like it has a dimmer and it
controls the temperature to light as
well
you're going to make out if you want to
at you are tan boom going to be cold
boom boom boom maybe I'll try that
the hallway to the video boom boom no
enthalpy our co-star the star to show
immediately amelia is having a nap so so
yeah you have to pretend you're media
okay yeah what is it like a future it's
like a future video you should you have
to video arena and cut to like so it
actually took about 10 years to bake
ease but we finally have them done again
it's not the actual fresh marshmallow
cream Oh
again this is insane it's do you ever
like you like it I don't think she's
ever hot day no she didn't experiment
hey let's make her eat it eat it eat it
I think it video I probably like Amelia
yeah it would be in this bowl yeah this
steak mommy please yo peezy
may I have some interesting news you've
actually been replaced okay Sophia has
taken over from the baking
wait where's moe what is definite come
on go to mommy oh is it on six minutes
okay
she's just checking it when I'm not sure
about st√©fano anything you like it that
nice no it's good
I know it's good no you liked it no you
like that you like that it's marshmallow
cream you want to get some mini one more
can have more in one minute 48 seconds
we're on the second ago he was like
laughing he's like sleeping laughing
hello hmm we can try a new one I want to
see okay
Oh tasty time look I got a lot of
pictures
these are snaps another the dog he's
like oh the good Nevaeh forget the whole
gang hang in there the home I get
nervous
hahahahaha drink that so cute oh oh yes
these bill fellas they're done that's
how cool-looking they are they so cool
that was so cute though
Amelia and Sophia Anna for like did a
video together I wish that I mean vegan
for the whole video I know but I think
it's really cool with the bit set where
the three years were together
yeah was cool direct to the tutorial
eyes anyway you guys want to check that
video out which I recommend you should I
will leave a link down below don't
hesitate and you you could enjoy one of
these cakes yourself cuz I'm going to
enjoy all those cakes myself I'm just
gonna wake everyone else knees run away
I need them
Isis I don't know she she set us on fire
like it wanted to JIT s'mores they're
not really I know but I suppose they
kind of are
stop it cupcake yeah and then the
marshmallow frosting yeah and the
biscuit is tired I know it's kind of
like no one really cares when you're
eating it it doesn't matter what's going
on over here let's go ahead over here
hey you're stepping on your weight
playing but it's not playing needles
squishy squishy Zardo squishy squishes
are you happy yeah okay guys Hey look we
got some room service
YUM what is it is it same one you got
two today it's totally different
I was competitively like it is chicken
what really fries burger all right we
are totes rekt totes rekt oh so uh let's
say goodbye I bid you farewell and let's
take care of this child I must have some
sort of a child thumbs out of my child
let's see you guys tomorrow thanks so
much election you guys are our bestest
Eduardo Eduardo watch it what's your
problem
come on let it out let it out hey oh my
god you guys tomorrow hopefully the baby
stop crying
