good morning
say good morning so Amelia asked me this
morning if I could paint her toenails oh
so oh don't put your yeah you have to
keep it straight because I'm gonna do
this one now why do this one pink again
oh you want this one Olive what we're
doing pink like like mommy's shirt you
can't well you can do one and one but it
will look very weird orange orange you
say orange we already did that one
member okay she was all for the pink
earlier and then there she's wanting
different colors Oh what blue yeah
what's mommy's mommy did hers last night
mommy's are white kind of this is called
coconut and this one here is almond your
nice colors okay let's do the other foot
wow you got pink shoes careful cuz they
are Wow well Bowie
did balloons oh yeah big blue boy try
and get oh my god that you're gonna let
go
nice catch get them Oh
catchin catch a falling star thank you
Dad so came to he'll see me then nappy
change friends and I need to go up and
see what destruction was caused because
Jonathan and Amelia went upstairs are
like 5 a.m. this morning
he slept in her bed she window wasn't 5
it was like 6 maybe her top six
hello friends I haven't seen you all
morning
has it been the same without me is it in
the same way that Li Louisville baby
maybe maybe okay maybe like a new shoes
need a skateboard to go with them yeah
oh you've got no photos
you got no photos or videos and your
phone friend yeah daddy phone is mommy's
phone daddy's phone has a thing on it
he look but biba daddy's phone is
stickers on it yeah okay we're gonna put
up mommy's picture here oh we're gonna
put it up right here mommy you grown up
again you're gonna help me put up the
picture ah yeah yeah there's more things
to build but these two things this thing
this thing I'm wait wait wait wait this
thing all the ways on this it's never
ending is never ending heat I once ate
oh it is bad
initially when we got on to it I was
like I know just didn't I felt we like
heart or something and I said on the
website that I'm okay I don't mean but
was it's like one piece is the headboard
and this thing here and then it's like a
mattress and then there's another thing
on the top but now a couple of days
later said it takes like a few days for
it to like Nair in your body or
something but now it's really good when
we get into it it's like you remember
it's you know it's like ah I know how
you sleep Jonathan let me just let me
just walk you up there were two oh yeah
oh yeah I like that
oh that's nice so to get ready it's a
good what is that a hat put it on put on
your hat
no ya scared just met isn't it clear the
light sits on it and it's like centered
so light kind of shines down on it I
know it's not centered to the wall but
it's turning inside if I center of the
wall then the light looks wrong I was
like all center with the light I don't
know I think it looks good when you come
off what what do you say it danghang are
you on what you want a hammer what are
you gonna do the hammer you're gonna hit
the picture the hammer hey careful okay
don't hit the picture with the hammer
it's in who's that it's mommy yeah is it
mom he's a mommy a pretty girl Maddie
who's prettier mommy or daddy no just no
neither okay what what's that
Oh actually funny she Boyd's why we're
asking cuz I was gonna put them over in
their office but I was like nah man
fronting steady and then we were taking
when the gold one comes i was checking
on social pay our bits that are one of
them I always jumped between you to them
and I always I was kind of looking
because we're about to hit 500 thousand
subs I was like oh my god and I was like
we're gonna go to VidCon next year I was
like oh my god are we and then it said
it in exactly one year's time what hit
the million I'm like oh my goodness
could you imagine at VidCon 2015 our
first time at VidCon boom we hit the
mail don't be mental they'll be like a
party when I have a millionaire Meetup
that's we're gonna call it
I'm seriously considering opening a
media back in the crib what are you
doing what are you doing huh yeah what
if I read you that book you're just
gonna get out of bed again okay with
your little pleases okay that's pretty
darn cute
come on with real stairs come on Oh
would you just story and that is it okay
it's not last night nice Susie was high
I should've stopped was like about 20
times it was just towards no and then
this morning
yeah I said like five o'clock or
somewhere she's added so I just came up
here I got into her bed I'm just trying
to supervise for a bit
well half sleeping you are nightmare
seriously tell me tell me parents out
there but this is just a phase okay
passes Wow up daddy
up okay daddy will come up again we're
gonna go sleepies okay cuz I am like
this close putting her back in the crib
huh disclose folks alright yeah up daddy
up are hold on I gotta get up
who's here huh who is it who is it
Zardo
is it fun Cheska you can't get in or
that see me Nia say hi you show your new
shoes oh they're the shoes I love hey I
bet your photo
what are they especially like you tried
to decide what so long he just wants to
know what happened yesterday with the
shoes and did you say hard to Eloise
say hello Louis at least keep it early
that's a drinking one so tonight's menu
are making Yong ki and neither Francesca
nor Eloise have ever had before
so I could make this completely wrong
and they would never even know but
hopefully I won't
um so this one is baked in the oven yaki
and I'm actually really happy with
because um it kind of sounds like the
one that we had for our wedding
this was like our starter on our wedding
night and Jonathan liar like obsessed so
hopefully it won't be as good pizza
amazing but hopefully it's nice this is
some red onion here in some oil and then
I bought mozzarella Posada parmesan
Aki and fresh basil and so on okay
all right can you find a solution for
what to do with the dogs at least gonna
look after them but at what we do is
that at nighttime you just basically
take care of it up if you want to play
with Alby you take out the air and then
put them back when you're done that's it
oh he loves it look he's happy in there
actually hi can you please close the
door knob don't drop those things and
it's cold places oh you actually like
darkness but oh yeah yeah everybody and
everything he does like it input into
things he'll go in you know the
underneath part of medius oh he loves
that we're in walked on yeah just like
jump in in there and look at so cute
yeah he's the only job that lets her
walk yeah yeah cuz he's so slow as well
I mean you yeah yeah cuz wait because if
she drops the lead he doesn't go
anywhere
yeah you know he's just like fake
walking beside her I know this is a bad
rap now right now be up to the floor
right that's it that's a boy that's the
only two boys there are you hello who do
you love more I didn't give you an
option
what's going on today besides he's not
like you need a hugger answer me Emilia
I have a really important question do
you prefer Francesca or Eloise not
either
mom or dad I think the TV the TiVo is
your choice Pepa TiVo Peppa Divo Oh
barky dog Oh barky oh my barking ugh hmm
Oh barking aha oh you dog sometimes
you were behind ugly he wasn't faster
Oh bad time is needed
you gotta say goodbye you gonna say
goodbye
say bye Francesca hey Teddy Eloise is
kind of stay here with doggies for the
week you can get that we blow up the
Bedford isn't it pretty cool it's pretty
impressive I like to bring people up say
check out the back wait check the legs
you'll blow your mind how did you
promise to be good
like in the door this is far off your
pop I don't know O'Hara do all right go
rid of another pile of those boxes every
time at Rochester's come she's taking a
ton of boxes sooner
that's my plan for cqb offloading all my
boxes it's my box plan so we pay her
with boxes for looking after the kids
that's the plan huh 20 boxes tonight
across this first again you guys want to
come by and look after the kids agrees
boxers phone they give you boxes a tough
line come on we'll take you back unless
you want to keep them yeah let's go
let's go
this way this way this way we're going
this way cash let's gone home
come on come on come on
hello hello yeah come on in mm-hmm how
do you did it all right let's go and see
if we can fit all the vintages and
integers we're gonna need some squishing
your first technique mean is taking her
mark out for a drive yeah kind of worked
we managed everything how I ain't true
at all I put some paper stuff Mick stuff
and bin stuff did a good job friend me
and Tito did it all now
hi bike friend I'll miss you bike friend
that big local mode yourself beer off oh
look at her look at her you like some
sort of a forest child from the wild
hey forest child from the wild what are
you saying
it's the boys that you go and she makes
a little thing you she usually goes up
the art away is like alright come on
let's go to bed
we got a lot of packing to do come on
where are you going okely-dokely guys we
need to go because we have so many
things organized we get ready for
tomorrow I need to get to kids bait well
I mean it's already had a shower and are
they nice to have his back then go to
bed
you need to go to bed friend and then we
need to pack our suitcases and get
everything ready for tomorrow he's
everything so up in the air because
about the dog thing but we gotta sort it
now but please get everything ready huh
I need to edit the blog tonight as well
so uh we're gonna say goodbye to our
friends Oh bye thanks so much watching
guys and I'll see you tomorrow
