morning again find it open be friendly
is friend hi gone he's gone again keep
this open for a second just for a second
Oh sweetie bottles looking I'm very
stressed he likes to kick cotner right
he's a little dude that's cute very
stressed yeah I know
so far no update on the dog usage it's
more contacts but didn't work for
Jessica's on her way
detective she dropped the m25 she's
gonna make them she's gonna fix
everything I know all in that case is so
good we booked a man and everything I'm
just hoping somehow it's gonna work out
just don't know how it's gonna work huh
this is also brother looking at what
stuff so where's all my presents hey
what did be my dad's ready this is not
produc friends Oh which one do you want
yeah they met them I know
Chucky's Jonas strawberry 100k your
every time at Francesca comes Amelia's
nobody she's the best she comes with all
the presents this Apple and blackcurrant
mango Milo
he's a nice actually how much I might
have to try it out myself look up na
they look nice nobody's cool boss
and shake our drinks owes it already the
coconut ones yeah that's where I
suffered
Nevaeh meet this yeah yeah me Nvidia it
seems after you say it property I know
that they attends my serene you Anna
it's named after you friend oh do you
love your product your product try some
leather leather sniffs um that's me I
use my body for me that's how I get you
such lovely skin down you know I do half
miles full smiles house miles full one
dose miles half miles
my beef night yeah our dough has the
sewage you kick at whoa
Oh tough all right that's gonna be fun
all they treat a video so I'm baking a
fourth of July cupcakes today and I got
these little gift bag things but I
didn't realize it don't need for like
two cupcakes I'm giving away a lot more
than just two so these are the little
candy stripe thing is I'm going to use
um Eduardo's asleep which is amazing
free Jeff kept looking after media so
I'm going to get my ingredients sorted
and I'm wearing my cupcake t-shirt so
cool is that
okay cupboard no the blood up look blah
so nice you guys may have noticed
yesterday's video I don't suggest that I
may almost like a lock on eggnog all
right
I know sometimes you wanna talk with the
crazy boys
both times I window background record a
virus I don't actually that's the first
I've ever done it sometimes I like to
slip into yep an accent hey
okay the videos we're gonna make any
weird what's wrong we're talking the
camera is this new boost the booster
flips missed minutes the reason I was
saying to Ana was that when we lived in
Ireland there was like a local Sentra
very close to the house so it's really
easy to nip out and get the fresh bread
because the centrioles get restocked
fresh bed every single morning but where
we live now there is no central nor is
there fresh bread made anywhere so the
nearest sort of option to get that is
the Morrisons
wait yeah it's a little bit of a trek
not too much of a track but there's a
track involved and then what happens is
that I'm gonna come close to lunchtime I
keep putting it off going and going and
then it's lunchtime there I'm like oh
man it's so far away boom the problem
begins so anyway I've come today dough
Tom knew nothing just went out to get
some lunch
fact number one is done and they smell
really good you know it's not amazing
okay um
only problem is I ran out of that type
of cupcake cake silly so I'm gonna have
to do a different type which is alright
Amida guys I don't know what she's doing
I think she's just handing Francesca
everything in the house immediate all
this sleep eating mode
nobody's too much pain we'll see two
more tightened a single friend Edgar hmm
she's like fast asleep here but she's
just yeah she needs way more when she's
being doing this it's like so much
funner you just keep on munching away
it's kind of funny let's go pick up the
poop let's go pick up the poo I will
follow you you must find a poo have a
farm you must find a pool there's a
piece of poo can I see you come on
Pheebs you have to point out to the
poops oh what's this hmm oh it's got
poops on it can't have that one that's
just gently place it over there what
appears to be the problem you always
have a stick in your hand every time I
see you have a new stick she fall over
leave a fall over
no up phoebs me stand on my foot
okay let's go ready big jump big jump oh
good job
Oh see can you think that's all I know
oh that's uh oh yeah hi nice hello hello
hi Albie Albie came over I'll be one to
trick whoa whoa that's PS we still
haven't actually a sorted edit dog
situation at all so I'm not really sure
what we're gonna do by back but however
I'm going to just lie in the grass for
this moment here
moment in time
you're the clad you see anything
oh my god the other day he totally was
around UK in Europe and spent Africa
let's see we got today I know you love
me I know you love me you see I'll be
just has a bad reputation he's a lovely
dog lovely doggy he just has a bad
reputation huh
that's all you have got me he's actually
donkey such a bad rap motor complete
motors
mmm what's that oh no that is very busy
lat if you wondering why there's no
blogs today
what are you don't human she's too busy
at her life baking cupcakes cooking
dinner for our guests
hi Jessica by the way we sorted the dog
- what's your friends in Halloween
Halloween Eloise Eloise like hello
Louise sounds like hello Louise you guys
got Eloise
so Eloise is gonna call my betta Saucony
Jolie it's for the week she's gonna be
yeah I'm gonna leave her vlog she's
gonna like we're giving us like a brief
on all of our different characters and
she can like pretend to be us all and
minded doggies look after our dough hey
and I'm going to put up some pictures
finally let's start we gonna start with
the clock because the house doesn't feel
right
Oh until it has teams on the walls what
time is it
we're thinking of putting this thing on
the wall right but look at this and I
figured this out because we're trying to
figure out how to put it wire dough's
name in it and look I think you can
spell Eduardo the only problem is I
don't only know where these chat like if
these are normal Scrabble pieces or if
they're like the old-school Scrabble
pieces and you guys know let me know so
I can't you spell out let me know so I
can spell Eduardo oh you're a rymus ah
look that clocks in the wall you got
picked pictures on walls make houses
homely isn't it I never believed that
when you used to say that to me all the
time I thought you were making it up I'm
making a media since I've been to
progestin he's so cute last time I made
this recipe was for my dad I actually
cooked this for my dad Oh
when my mom and my sisters were away I
think and I was alone alone with my dad
and I cooked a friggin air for the two
of us or lunch I'm kind of not sure but
I'm not a hundred percent if this
recipes coming or because I don't know
it's your says to cook it in open and
I've only ever seen my mom cooking
risotto on the stove so I can't remember
because it was so long ago so I'm gonna
check it now and see if it's done well
it's may I yeah yeah I have to do
oh gosh presentation mmm looks pretty
good though the hot bowls are I knew a
new addition it's a new thing whenever
you get the hot bowl the parents you sit
out when you put like your parents
inaudible plates in the oven 3 me I
don't want to do that or from the lazy
generation yeah a microwave the police
doesn't anymore
yeah maybe but I was like you so many
drugs they'd have all the plates again
take the ready to Akash yeah I know you
gonna ping this here Kenny oh you double
your brother can you say brother brother
can you say baby brother
yeah I little man
see see see see
well are you trying open to use my kind
of hard to tell the difference of damage
it's kind of hard to tell the difference
yeah I'll be like that all right lads
hurry lads was his daddy names our dough
yeah it's a Coney Jolie yeah
oh it disappeared oh yeah whoo oh yeah
whoo oh yeah shall we go to bed yes
shall we go to bed
right mommy mommy and our dough uses
your phone
hello mommy our dough I'm Bieber and
daddy he'll be okay daddy our dough Biba
when it given worried okay Oh
night-night our dough oops let's go have
a shower time let's go have a shower
time let's go have a shower time
shower time let's go have a shower time
let's go have a shower time hit the
light so I knew another process is that
I shower Amelia up here on this floor
Anna is watching in duardo down stairs
in this shower in here bathing and more
to the point
hi and then she has an air so just it
just works out really well that they
have you know because then it's easier
just to bring her straight into here
which is never easy
are you making a mess what we gonna have
a shower pop pajama time alright let's
pick some pajamas let's pick some pole
yeah Matthew once that's it easy son
French put that on we have made Amelia
safeties in oil and she says a lot of
words you know she just liked rose at
words can you say can you say aeroplane
a dad yeah well can you say banana boat
mmm
can you say orange peel
I'll call can you say science parlour
hmm can you say yellow or can you say
friend
hmm can you say friendliest friend
Oh amazing hi friend
okay hey friend be my mohawk okay yeah
Oh daddy up daddy up but I bring a book
okay hold on I'll get a book and then
I'll get off all right guys I'll see you
guys tomorrow I hope you had a good
weekend but guess what it is only just
begun only just begun what a big baby
and me and that's what I'm saying it's
happy listen I got some books friend
I'll see you laters and guess why don't
be haters say sake don't be haters
because she's in it you're so good see
ya guys bye
