what's going on down here what's going
on here why is going on here um right is
it because of the sound it makes is it
they like to clean Keaney paper do not
really sure how mom is going to feel
about this just go ahead and take it up
here and we roll it up with something
see your favorite toy high bit of
situation Oaks so the kennel that
prevent the kennels the m-mind the farm
field place that we were in the other
day to look after the dogs just call
this morning and one of their clients
was in like a car crash or something so
they need to take their dogs off and for
like three weeks there's no more room
because we take up six six dogs so you
know we're like their newest client so
we got kind of like bumped off the list
but now it's like the dogs have nowhere
to be actually nowhere to go nowhere for
doggies to stay and we're supposed to be
out flying in on Monday today is
Thursday go we can't take a whiz
our neighbors are also going away so
they will be ready to look after them
either we don't really know anyone
around here to look after them either
for frankly crying see we call so many
places but it's hard when you're six
dogs trying to get somebody to look
after six dogs is a little bit tricky
worst case scenario is that I'm gonna
have to stay and stay here with the dogs
well Anna goes off but then my cattle
beasts opening lien Eduardo and then
she'll have to drive her car back here
herself which is just mental so I don't
know what we're gonna do just when you
think everything worked out ba ba ba ba
ba I keep you updated Oh Jonathan tells
me he's like don't buy bread in your
grocery shop or meat like sandwich meat
because I like to buy those things fresh
I like to buy the bread fresh from the
great bakery that was really hard to say
and the meat I like to get it fresh from
the butcher so I was like okay won't buy
those things in our weekly shop all
right next thing he's like why is there
no bread why didn't you buy me I'm like
are you serious
you told me not to buy those things so
those wood we lived in Ireland those
only one River in Ireland I never said
that here I'm like yes you did
so we have no bread and no lunch meat so
we have all this cheese to make toasties
but we have no other ingredients and I
feel like an idiot cuz I just did the
weekly shop like on Tuesday
well on Sunday for Tuesday you know so
I'm annoyed that so I'm it's annoying
because every single day then he doesn't
want to go out and you buy this dog so
I'm just using what we have which is
fine I'm gonna make a tuna salad but um
we're probably not gonna have toasties
for a while because of his stupid that's
right he's too picky for watching this
Jonathan your stupidity you told me
those things they change your mind
that's just how it is right now doctor
barking I have to pee
by water when the plants are on the
fence don't forget to do watering the
plants dance watering the fastest fans
fill the worries in over watering these
dough is because these are all brand new
don't he put in there about two days ago
and it doesn't know why just does not
seem to rain here in UK which is mental
which is incredible and I don't want any
reason we're having like the hottest
summer ever
I don't know why like sometimes it does
rain like 5 min like lookdowns raining
woo this is the only way we're getting
you know either brand-new little baby
plan so you got news that you should
totally just like trying to water them
every two days
so give it a water because this would be
nice look Mike this whole thing
populated who look cool we'll never know
what's that
pick up the elephants grab the elephant
Oh No grab the elephant grab the
elephant
I don't know elleven okay okay okay it's
too much fun though
you got weddings on your alright
Anna's gonna kill me oh my goodness what
what's going on here please yeah you
wouldn't get up on this thing I don't
think you should go friends you're such
a little monkey can't attend jump jump
this place still or is that a dream
yesterday no that wasn't a dream
actually did I did it
oh my there's so much space in here I
was wondering could you fit enough I
suppose you could like you definitely
wouldn't fit the Cayenne in here but you
might fit like small car you know it'd
be nice like the 911 gt3 or something
might look good we think might look good
right here you know good happen could be
true story yeah oh yeah is it though
shall not pass hold it like a ninja
look at you it's not a ninja baby
huh I'm gonna sing it around gonna be in
the majorettes come on shoot sleep no no
no no get back to work
don't sweep the rosebush don't chase
brush you get that whole path to make
clear look I did this part I'll go rid
of all those little things that are
under there yeah
Lacey you're actually taking the clay
you're bringing it up know what's
happened here is there a strike or
something
there is no union here get back to work
nobody likes it will just crazy
push it isn't usually like anything in
arrow date so this is the first recipe
that I actually made off myself and
we'll see how it is we put it on a fork
good girl Hey another peel
oops you put it on your fork onion
that's not a pea what bad that's how
many oh look I I joined not chatting I
wanna see what it was about
yeah no here we should snapchat me it's
just the Kony Jolie's is my name
you don't want it join his Peas Oh No pe
you can eat over at a fork mMmmm you
biting it in half you bite a pea in half
yeah you're supposed to be in bed
you're supposed to be in day I heard you
I heard you huh
come on back inside to bed what I heard
you I was like what's that little
pitter-patter upstairs call into bed up
to bed little ghosty p's Hey
go to sleep go to sleep I sleep go to
sleep
alright fine now I'm going to sleep
someone's going to sleep Bryce blows no
might like me back what what what do you
know don't talk down on me please I'll
be very sad if that goes crashing down
on top of a good girl
hello let's feed this baby bad pink bad
come on up up up to the pink bed yeah
yeah
what are you doing you're all monkey all
right go to sleep
tonight we're making a mess an actual
mess pestle which means mess in Italian
so this is a mess of pasta and meat
that's what the recipe says pasta bake
with beef and lamb sauces what it says
in it in English ok so I'm having this
recipe it's for six people so it should
turn it for three and I've got olive oil
onion celery carrot mince beef mince
lamb tomato paste some butter for what
you call it what you call it rubbing on
the greasing roping on the bowl oh my
thing I'm some beef stock some
breadcrumbs some telly telly and some
pecorino and some mozzarella and we're
gonna go give this go our oven is
heating up preheating and we're gonna do
this Oh any salt and pepper - hello
hello little man I'll give you a hand up
look like Superman here Greg a little
sleeper boy and you sleep a little man
are you seeking to the one you do it -
hmm weed you little sister where Oh hmm
Oh so update on dog usage now okay rods
we almost had a situation but it fell
apart at the last minute so I left it
more tighter so now we're like what are
we going to do we have no options
well we send out more emails but it's
like so hard you know that girl Clara we
had it on looks like such a gift it's
like so high so hopefully something gets
sorted but it's Thursday and we're
flying up Monday so we don't really have
do you guys want to look out for six
months for a week
let me know
oh you can have our dough to know you're
kind of right up
oh maybe you have babies ready go right
his mom cooking dinner huh
hard I'm gonna kick you in the head
huh what if I lifted my leg up Oh
somebody didn't have any naps today and
is a little bit tired who didn't have
naps today all those who didn't up nap
today please raise their right hand oh
all right
oh by the way History Channel is amazing
I didn't write never knew it existed
it's amazing okay you're technically
supposed to cook the sauce for two hours
I did not kind of naughty but I've never
honestly witnessed my parents like just
never ever cooked any sauce for two
hours and my parents cooked like
authentic Italian meals and I just feel
like you know what I'm sure there's some
people out there like food critics that
are like you're really missing out but
to me I'm like no no let's be really
realistic here okay I've got 202 we
don't have two hours that's just how it
is I'm just mixing up okay I just
dropped the camera into the sauce anyway
moving along this is my pasta right here
and hi Oh mommy has some helpers in the
kitchen no hacen Humber's in the kitchen
hi everyone you put your bib on you're
looking after the baby our dough mm-hmm
mommy's cooking up something amazing as
always thank you dude
I know hi hi oh why you want to put the
bib on here's what it looks like it's
gonna go in the oven now for 20 minutes
is it
hopefully this will work out because
Jonathan is not even great today so
hopefully come feel better yeah I made I
also take full responsibility about this
raining situation because the remarks I
made earlier on I watered the plants
because I figured like oh my god like
it's never going drain so I better one
of their plans boom I also put our
garden furniture so it was like a twosie
I put our garden furniture and I wanted
the plants I was asking for a terrain
you know I might as well plan my BBQ for
tonight just to really drive it home
I tell you guys the story about this
book all right
this book is the reason me and Ana are
together all because of this book it is
I pretended we're together that's the
good book maybe don't slam it that's so
when I first met Ana
I became interested in this book and
then I we met oh and I read a verse like
that cafe it was important day for me
yeah me too to be like oh I just
pretended well I want to bring it home
flicking trick on like grew up well it's
a bit late now
what was that like seven years ago or
something oh my goodness seven years
yeah
this book means everything it's a book
about Marilyn Monroe by the way it's
like what was it her photographer a
boyfriend or something these are all the
notes that I made up I decided bring you
let you guys in
and the story of this book oh oh oh hey
sweetie we're going thirsty diva going
wait to be by going you going all the
way up you going up
that's hope we do not have a situation
like we did in Iran with the naps okay
should we make a deal friend a deal
where you don't get out of your bed
tonight how about a how about it so
let's open negotiations here I'll start
with two books if we do two books will
you stay in bed okay okay okay
three books three books
oh don't what monkey no no okay four
books and that's as far as I can go
four books that's it that's me out Oh
tell me agree whoa
is there a way that handshake all right
friend we'll see thank you things why
you guys tomorrow hopefully we get the
dog eating situated tortoise situated to
it I don't know I'm so exhausted
who would have talked parenting is so
tiring I never realized how tired my
parents were sorry mom oh I understand
yeah oh okay I'm coming up now I just
got to grab a book let's do this oh hey
let me let me in
Wow yeah hey scooch over scooch scooch
your hooch all right okay here we go
folks are we ready for the press here
book yeah yeah no that's all right here
we go do it
oh it's a gun it's a duck under digit
didn't can you do on the did it like
bring it oh bring it
remember not bring it on shoulder like
well you better bring it oh it's a
broader did it did anyway
welcome to the ends late there's Peppa
George daddy pig mummy pig
I like that one I've used before I know
this before but I just I get so cool
with the little ones
I don't know anyway thanks so much for
watching guys so far we have not started
the Dungey situation yet always burn it
somehow
if I make it matter I don't know why but
I think it well is this like a sim or is
anyone experiencing handsome alright now
I can you experience a s anymore
he be doing what the hell I'm talking
about look it up listen to some videos
you never know you might have Rhydian
Ruth ball and anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for watching as always you guys
are awesome sauce
no no why what tells me and when I felt
like sauce is writing say what
