good morning everyone good morning
everyone
is that your brother a baby yard Oh your
brother can you say brother brother baby
our dough is that brother a bi no I'm so
pooped but I have more furniture to make
again today that's all I did yesterday
that's all I did today before I'm a
furniture maker hey everybody I went up
high yesterday we got the morning dance
class gone here maybe is reading deep
into here oh I feel that music become
one with the music
embrace it embody it that's a dance last
we go to any clothes that weekend a
similar beginner and dance floor who is
it
is it Alma oh hello yeah hello yeah I
want to speak to me Nia what are you
gonna do you're just gonna put it down
huh it's a phone my phone so you say a
poem on the phone hello
this is your mission should you choose
to accept it
where are you Pheebs I look like my new
phone cover tasting and that cool it's
like a sticker II won by like four I
like put stickers on things for those
cool hey this is our plan this is our
plan lads how much stuff we have here
hey keep it down all right we're going
to convert all of this using the power
of this one device we're going to
convert all of this into a nice tidy
little area because it is out of control
set of control friend you're out of
control
no you're out of control oh cool so I'm
baking some healthy bars for the family
I say it's for media but a treaty for
everybody and I thought I would do a
video on it just because I am due to do
a shape up for summer video today but I
thought it would be cool to share like a
recipe I know all of my videos have been
stated recently and it hasn't even been
on purpose it's just like what I've been
doing lately I don't know how I'm making
these chewy CD oat and apricot bars from
Rachael Islands book except for I've
substituted the apricots for sultanas
because Jonathan and Amenia both love
raisins and silicon like Jonathan loves
so Thomas actually so I'm gonna bake
these because I figured I wanted
Amelia to eat something you know healthy
that I know all the ingredients that are
going in and I know everything like
where everything came from rather than
something that's packed with sugar and
added as this stuff that comes from shop
alright we're getting somewhere lads
look at this monster that it's just
appeared here a fan berry gordy boxes I
think it's just a mark
oh no no no no club let's just bring
them out that side the bars are in the
oven and now I'm going to give it me a
little treat
I saved something for her it's not for
you
sorry Amelia frisbee ba where's Peeta
hello
who wants a lick do you wanna lick this
your hair do you what you think I'm
gonna take it they smell amazing what's
what's the plan for lunch
jofi what it's like any media caught a
mouse was like the biggest moth in the
world you're thinking about it 500 what
yeah I don't know where it is actually
okay no times it's go time it yeah it's
like half one what she has been gosh
let's get over else it's a petrol I
think it's at 10 or 15 miles rest I
always do that I just I let her run out
like off the ground it'll be grinding
last night coming home you should
probably get some like movie grinding
it's like 10 or 15 miles left and I'm
like oh are we gonna get some petrol
we're already aware of that part won't
tell me the news tell me the news with
your wrecking calculators
fifteen miles oh my god how many miles
at home
Oh what are you doing I was tryin to
sneak up on you
what are you doing what can you not get
yeah is it your ham and cheese Oh ham
and cheese is that what you want
was that from Zoey can you say Zoey yeah
why is there a boot in your sink it's
odd what it's what super for you how
much is that I hope you get a free car
with that it's bedtime and somebody's
going to go to bed and her it's all
right she does we feeding her lunch
yeah I'm just gonna close the curtains
okay Mia cause we're gonna go
night-night
my soft tofu joke strikes again yeah
yeah thank you
what's this gray all right hear that oh
the weather's great furniture boys amuse
me never rains in only pours had this
should I
play yeah what do you want anything I
think you like Steel Institute on ball
boom Oh Cheers
look at the space you have in here
friends oh my goodness huh this is so
much better look at that that was all
like crumpled up those ones are full of
all like the insides of plastic and
stuff for that - okay no friend we gonna
go outside what
let a deep poop the garden and if we're
gonna give it a no short back inside why
wifey here prepare is a case T meal
we're having coconut milk and noodles
nice coconut noodles ginger chicken
- you're like a profession is it time
sounds tide Oh mmm yeah that's what I
was thinking too because the doggies
punished for not for bark not along
what's gonna get them
Tito package oh yeah alright it do roll
over oh hi are you quitting the rest
thanks a lot friend what's a fan I know
we're talking about those there you know
sports things that you wear like
wearable tech is coming like a big thing
and I was like I should totally governor
for like when I'm gonna have my bike
rides and stuff because if you cool to
know you know it's just like sleep and
stuff the tracks your sleep in your
calories your burns and so where I said
NASA oh my gosh totes gallon right first
of all we should see who gets more sleep
that would have been such a fun video to
do like see which parent like
yeah oh I see I see what's happened here
I got it
and then I knew I didn't I was gonna say
I wonder how much energy or how many
calories you burned was cutting the
grass get an amine or like vacuuming the
house like stuff around the house we're
not cool - no that's right we're
thinking of doing that plan actually on
a part of our six-pack summer bods
what's this amazed me one step closer to
the six-pack six-pack silver so much to
expect but suppose I'd be happy with one
pack that's what I'm going for
forget the six-pack okay I'm not like
aiming for salient 1 pack 1 pack summer
body plan right me already
so on the menu tonight is chicken ginger
and cashew stir-fry with coconut noodles
sounds good sounds healthy
this is what I was supposed to cook
yesterday and it was supposed to be on
my what a 8:00 Wednesday and I was
supposed to make me look really good but
things just went a bit haywire yesterday
but anyways this is all my ingredients
setup so I've got my chicken stock
coconut milk chicken strips noodles egg
fine noodles fine egg noodles whatever
the ground carrot lunch - mushrooms
coriander chopped up cashew nuts
ginger um that's like this cool thing it
comes in a jar it's called a very lazy
ginger or something it's ground ginger
but you don't have to actually grind it
just comes in a jar it's amazing some
what is this oh my god what mrs. garlic
sunflower oil and sesame oil think
that's what
was not sure now I can't remember but I
think it's sesame well yeah and we're
going to get started
I'm dinner is served this is what it
looks like and Eduardo's having a bit of
a meltdown what I'm having for dinner
huh um it was kind of stressful
situation because somebody decided he
cries yeah
Jonathan was cutting the grass and I was
like panicking because the stir-fry in
the book was like must be served when
the veggies are no must be serving the
veggies are crispy so they're probably
overcooked it looks amazing he's amazing
I don't know why I'm going in the camera
like this I feel like freaked but anyway
hopefully it tastes enjoyed mmm the
vegetables are excellent
shit sup dude
so we all enjoyed that and add wireless
having a bit of a business lunch get to
editing the vlog card oh okay I need the
blog done wide Oh mmm right up what's
that what's that oh oh sad hmm
you did here you go hello hey hello oh
you're so cute you're so cute Oh cutie
little boy going to this point over the
world you're even trying to smile as
wide as fast as I can I smile I smile
can you get any more it's mighty can you
no no no I cannot oh oh
ha ha yeah are you waving
usulutan peace on the streets sod don't
you say oh oh yeah oh hello you are the
cutest my friend do you need a hand up
haven't quite got getting up ah come on
you can do it ok so this is the one we
do most nights well not most nights but
this is our camping book which it
happens to be a German book and tonight
though we're gonna go with The Gruffalo
so let me sketch in here ok hop into bed
hop in time Oh watch your head into bed
come on the story daddy it's called the
Gruffalo's child Oh The Gruffalo said
that no Kosovo should ever set foot in
the deep dark woods why not why not
because if you do if there's bad mouse
this is scared that you're gonna say
goodbye to our friends and I say bye oh
are you going down okay all right I see
you guys smell there yeah ready got a
seat everyone is fast sleep in the
sakuni Jolie household hey what do you
think it is right thing is not only cool
someone tweeted me that and I was like
hey look it's so arts and crafty it's
like special arts and crafty day I know
it's kind of cool so I was like you know
what I'm gonna stick that in the end of
the video this is the end of video by
the way in case
you're wondering how you ended up here
hi hi welcome to the end of the video
anyway thanks so much for watching this
video as always
how cute is it why no getting okay
Eduardo was always being cute but I
remember this with Emilia and I would
sit down I was like yeah like at the
start she's like a cute little baby but
once they started interacting and it's
like you see s video like a million
Eduardo like Eduardo noticed Emilia and
now it's like when she comes off him he
looks directly at her and it's like it's
like oh my goodness like how much fun is
it going to be when you've got like two
kids play with each other oh it's gonna
be so much fun anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching see you
later
don't ya hater Oh
