good morning everybody do you guys want
to see what Jonathan and I worked
tirelessly on last night
wow that took so long to build I did
none of it all you want to sit off my
new chair we also built this I say we
but it was really Jonathan he's actually
amazing at building things he's actually
really good at it I'm really impressed
because I attempted to build a chair and
failed miserably like it's just not my I
can't do it like it's not my thing
I don't care doesn't have to do with
being a girl or a boy or anything I just
think some people are naturally gifted
in that way okay now you want to get
down where do you want it join it in the
in the living room so you can watch TV
well that's where it was in the first
place I don't really understand why you
wanted to change it anyway so this is
really cool this table because it
actually has a drawer underneath so you
could put things in it or you can store
things under there and this mirror is
going up on this wall we also need to
hang all of our pictures which is going
to happen today I got a new throw I got
a rug I got a little basket I got some
lanterns yesterday we got this chest as
well which actually would you like it
here it's just supposed to be for here I
got this originally okay this looks odd
um it should be slightly over here it's
kind of lopsided but anyways I thought
that rich me for the bedroom I think
can't even remember I'm so long ago but
I actually kind of liked it there I
think I'm gonna get a table for here
removed the filing cabinet so might get
another little table or some kind of a
storage unit for there and what else can
actually vice so obviously our table is
built without garden furniture which
still needs to be built this area I'm
really tying with the idea of getting
another couch like for the dogs for here
like her kitchen is gonna go upstairs
and maybe I'll get like it some cabinets
or something like that or like a I think
you called it a hutch
I think that I I'm not really sure I
think that's what it's called build our
bed as well which I'll show you guys
later
I'm so excited right a friend you know I
got a clock which I'm gonna hang up here
and this wall are probably gonna hang
that underneath or something I don't
know we'll figure it out
another day another mountain of
furniture to make friend you and I look
how cool is it's so nice looking don't
wanna do now is I'm going to break into
the garden furniture but excited
everybody's new eight ones where it's
like you know D am what they call thing
bikinis new clothes for you like the
clothes don't exist
or maybe they do exist but we're not
good enough to see it or something I
know everybody bus on this room is so
cool-looking that was so hard to build
but it was totally worth it totes how's
the text where did my little pants so
tight credit may be all them if I build
Amelia is bad if you go into the crib we
think winter on crib crib boy do you
think it did you did you did you do hey
take her take her take her
hey taking a bigger bigger bigger
thicker thicker thicker dignity cookie
okay David start doing a useful on
laughing hey ticka ticka ticka Z no
diggity hi hi
hi hi he was reacting to my tickles
earlier oh so cute
he actually like you could tell it
really like it made him laugh or like it
made him have a reaction was so he's
just growing so fast it's crazy anyways
I told me are taking it atop me wrong
/ - no anything he just like could tell
when I tell him he's like and then he
starts laughing okay he's holding his
toy where is Amelia you wanna get up you
want to build a bed what this is the way
your hands are moving that does never
works that's that's never works
I know I know it does seem like it but
I'm telling you it probably doesn't
oh yeah you see it I can't remember what
it looks like
move on like you have it's a long so it
has bars already could we actually mean
your bars are in it does yeah hi what
you know bad come on get the bill
dinners somehow need to turn into a bed
like this i flexor this is an awesome
idea by the way let's go scan for
similar videos very clever but I did
some jellybeans
how will you jus say where's the front I
think it's either Finnish or English Oh
Denmark Denmark okay let's do this turn
into a bed Alakazam tada well kinda cuz
we have to go but I did get pretty far
though we got the actual frame part
build of the bed and there's got putting
the slates and then these are the
protector bars for your side stop for
jumping out but
yeah we got somewhere we got to go to
the dougie possible dougie plates that
they're going to ghost a nice new comer
away come on everyone come on everyone
thousand children dancing chosen this
way are you bringing your food blow your
flute maybe they'll follow it kind of
matches your outfit though okay now Oh
what all right are those inside mommy's
gonna bring art oh yeah okay hold on a
second I think we're gonna have to leave
strollers behind I don't think all the
doggies are gonna fit with the stroller
no no we have a situation
all aboard everybody aboard yeah the dog
if I think will go make the cork or
something all aboard go to adventure
town you're piling in Adventure town
we're hoping we're going to have an
adventure in a town okay anyway you know
where we're going
anybody so we have arrived I think at
our destination you should be on the
right-hand side Oh what are you doing
 for all the monkeys day oh my
god look they all reacted ah back are
they sheep sheep a sheep e.g please oh
my god they've actually spotted them
what our dog feels like looking at yeah
so funny so we've arrived at our
destination which is where ah Wow
what it's a gate Oh into a huge field
but the sheep are Oh lookie there
we've got a new dog huh that's a
different doggy huh
that's not Tito hey you know yeah
come on we go back to mommy thank you
look at you you got a cookie
everywhere you go you get cookies
goodbye dogs oh yeah the brass is being
cut tomorrow so this is great I look and
I feel like they're free that's the idea
I can be folks you know look at them and
it's all right make you that bigger than
bounding are like little rabbits let's
go let's go champions oh I see
the child has decided to participate
anyway though you don't jump off
face is so good mitt amazing guys gonna
be so happy I've never said I don't
think I've ever seen them no but I even
did is just warning like the agent miles
I feel like and you know for to what
like the others like Cena and seal and
our new dog Bentley cars like the way
they're running yeah great so cool I
just like this is cool as well this is
where idea at the big doggies over in
this section the small dog is on this
section and the babies are abandoned
there I'm not gonna run today like bound
like little bunnies out of that Xena
our dough back to it okay
our dough is asleep I I lose learn to be
well-fed this is gonna be your crib soon
friend you might as well give it a test
drive while I build this bad boy okay
now it is pretty much bad time for a
media so I'm gonna try and whip this up
really quickly so we can put immediate
to bed in this bed tonight it'll be so
much fun in such a little adventure for
her are you helping is that collecting
up things here for me but Alec get the
beams on get us harnessing I have to put
on got a meteor jump or not that's your
way in and out friend that's how it
opens a little bit suddenly completely
locked in what's something good so far
friend huh rolling like way past your
bedtime
um no you're going to ear about to fall
out the door
good choice good choice good choice it's
a choice it's a new generation ah please
beep I think Wow yes people's bad
people's bad people got a big-girl bed
whoa you can get internet here you love
it yeah Oh daddy get up okay
shoes off let's test today depending
that up you love it
me back funky key bye daddy bye daddy
poopy poopy poopy Thiago poopies in a
new bed you could this mama honey come
over make a look nice I'm the Builder
not the decorator Hey
beep uh bad copy but that seems to be
are those bad hi do you like the red
love it
Oh night-night mobile ball won't be
ready
Oh your food air huh yeah uh-oh
that's a dangerous game your brain
let's be careful to be careful oh hey
ragamuffin oh oh look at the big girl
look at the big girl hi diva diva you
love it is it so cute yeah we're all
matches yeah hmm
you wanna say night-night or friends
goodbye Oh III my night friends night
friends I see you guys tomorrow
and we still have more things to build
oh no it's never ending tomorrow is it
we're getting the fern fern apart no
wait there's the there's the Wardrobe
some chanson towards her work oh oh my
goodness just wait over there the stage
that night diva
yeah and then our she's so cute though
ooh buddy no wardrobe
is like the big thing hi buddy we need
to get her in her bed section yeah yeah
for her phone
lovely class though she got it and she
was like - pink pink pink love you been
my naive up my like Mira go to see ha
okay so Mia is up in her bed she did get
out and ran twice it was so cute oh
because we heard you running across the
room like hi yeah I'm right here it goes
really like it's pretty new she's like
I'm not supposed to be out here she's so
cute oh she says it to go there she's
gotta sneak what's gonna happen to our
morning milk what you gonna do when she
wakes up like Russia yeah and then she
bit the top of the stairs like Hello
yeah you know it we so keto they're
saying like when we move Ã©douard out
into his room she'll be able to run it
to his crib in the morning like you get
like a plan I know like one room is way
too big too small but he had a meeting
about - he's like she's not going to
care but then she just probably good pay
remove that privilege that room just
have the rules gone yeah thank you know
what see we have plenty time anyway
see you guys smile later don't be a
hater that's the sound of trophy jokes
building furniture an SS and of Amelia
Ottawa having their morning dance ballet
lessons
oh god I have actually built I feel like
I feel the house at this stage and range
in my life we build so much and it's
more to do it's never-ending
it's never-ending I'm putting an embargo
no more furniture can be bought that's
not already made but it's kind of fun no
you know building your own furniture it
is annoying and time-consuming and it
drains your soul in your body in your
life but it's kind of rewarding in a
sense that you've built your own stuff
there's either guys say bye no nobody's
know and she asks you a super exciting
morning she jumped out of her bed she's
on top of stairs like how oh so cute
hey see you later guys I've got to get
back to work Tim to tool man
