TV all that oh that don't set don't
stand and father oh oh this is it I
don't even know why you made us that's
it no no more no more
hello and welcome to the bunnies today
today it's furniture day hopefully yeah
I know it's just too hot you look pretty
good yesterday no hot shorts no oh no
one care is not gonna see you I'll just
plug you like this all day
nosy hi hi there
haha hi there hi there crazy pens huh
girl that recycling done friend look at
is mountainous
it's mountainous if the man was in this
situation there's a man's in this
situation going on Oh what are you doing
I kind of see you what do you do
are you mischievous show me your hands
what's this what what is this okay I
want you to stick your ears to the
screen yeah there we go just Derek got
it all right you go turn to the other
side okay
we're cleaning ears over here or
cleaning ears
ah
you gonna squish me oh my god
try it out come on Brad we've million in
seven things to do I'm so excited we're
looking like we're aren't bored shopping
oh yeah that's what you do lads okay
let's take hip and cool we are cool
that's a large one I said just need to
see a medium Garcia seems excessive
oh and plus our clothes aren't very
large haha it's for like a measure for
the size of your clothes hi babes
that's your hair oh this is gonna work
though I think if we put it this way and
you go down the aisles it's not gonna
work
artists having the worst day of his life
yes
what okay this is being cut short got
everything we need
there's not a happy bunny but Alex I'm
into shopping with my son today right oh
yeah okay good you want that have a look
oh is that it there is you you having
the worst day ever little friend oh you
haven't no whatsoever
huh will change them fed before we came
out for once Amelia you're actually the
good child we're out somewhere well
doing something like this normally
Amelia is the one causing the nightmares
are you sure come on
yeah you like being a good girl
do you I see you have your IKEA pencil
there I don't know if you can bring an
IKEA pencil into home base it might be
issues please shake pearly
you're welcome okay so this will resort
to to now are those out that is only
alright right over here try pick some
stickers and you can get stickers for
your wall hmm
now we're going walk before shopping up
my cinch
Hey
your mama's done don't you mama
yeah please we passed this place a few
times you wanted to check it out look
penny does it's like home cooking and
then they package it up and give it to
you so it's all fresh made every day
sounds good I think yeah exactly like
although this could be our new gold O's
should we go go go go go
what's wrong half a turn off again
let's see if we can fix that for you
yeah all right let me see oh not the
adverts again get you there eat your
head up huh
hello let's release his head right off
the ground that's cool his feet he's
guy's feet loose at all
hello are you gonna crawl you give this
MyLink rod
well yeah what's happening here with
Evelyn was happening he gonna roll over
ah it looks like it the arms in the 800
me gonna get that window friend
we got the Burpo drugs yeah you got the
Burbidge out we got it out you feel
better now you feel better now huh
my shoulder doesn't feel any better now
oh what's that big truck coming there's
a big truck coming I'm so excited
artists excited we didn't realize it
I'll try locked away and here we go so
um it's gonna be a lot of work one part
of the bed two part of bed get on ones
upstairs got the tables little chairs
under their bed stuff here oh that's no
rental duckies you gonna steal my stuff
garden furniture kitchen furniture bad
babies wives
important things so much I've got a rug
boo oh my god there's so much so I might
go next door and ask the boys if you
want to help me okay something there
like I don't know like I can't get all
that up
I've managed here everything in this
right place is there for these two
things this one here is extremely heavy
and large this one here which is assume
you're having enlarge the bed comes in
three parts things the middle thing or
maybe destiny that I don't even know who
I am anymore got the kitchen table the
outside stuff there's just so much oh
they're nice oh yeah I picked the chairs
lads nice I like the way it's kind of
new agey the way there's no actual thing
to sit on is this one of these new lean
against ones that's it like you just
kind of like lean into it it looks like
it's look of exercise it's got a amount
and no is a nice on under sure friend
that looks pretty simple right
yeah you could make that nope I remember
do you guys remember when Adam made the
drawer and then the whole thing fell
apart looks lie down and everything it's
in the instructions are in Swedish door
same color
neither speak stickers in Gulf hey all
the screens in here here
all right in oh okay good luck instead
of actually taking moving to bed open
side of just dismantle the entire house
the figure is probably the better option
we're gonna just take the wall down what
we're gonna start with the balancers so
that one works the other one is a
problem it won't bend around corners
so just quickly bill - and then bill
down problem that is wedged you like
that episode of friends you know like
cave it pivot
oh yes you put stupid in here like this
dough we got it up you got the vet up
okay you're not gonna believe what we
did to get the battery
um we took that half the house apart
it's a nice little sky like feeling
really overwhelmed with one
there's just boxes everywhere and like I
just didn't realize how close this gonna
be but anyway at least we have our
furniture finally what it's just a lot
to take in the dogs are going crazy
outside Jonathan and the two other guys
are making or putting back together the
staircase banister and no no no no no
I'm sorry but no no you had one
spaghetti on spaghetto that's it okay so
a nice dinner I'm gonna make a pasta I'm
gonna make a pasta now OK ROCK all right
it's not a very great to church myself
you'd never know it even happened
alright then that's done look we got the
filing cabinet moved as well look
doesn't it so much better when I that's
horrible filing cabinets being there
forever
I'm gonna try and put together the
dinner table in time for dinner so I I
refuse to sit on my trip trap this chair
didn't look very well how did you get
along with the chair but alright let's
see if you can build us your time starts
now
it's done yeah boom check that out huh
super specialist except wait what
the trial is doing some people need
playsets and trampolines my children
this need cardboard boxes yeah does it
look cool nice job this is really cool
taking us apart right well win em all
right okay and she's a trouper when
people come over we could put this part
on right which is really cool cuz it's
only less here most of the time boom and
it's like a small table is that so
clever did you think I was clever
you thought it was never done this ever
I think ones cover was all worth it he's
all worth it folks
look Amelia guy mean his back in the
trip trap oh no
she's a climber I mean oh come on local
moms got pasta operation to fix this
please turn this into a bad friend are
you ready we're gonna deflate the air
bag there's two ways to deflate an air
bed one is to press the button - it's
just a stop a knife footer three what's
three four except we're actually just
going to deflate it properly I'm excited
like to sleep in the bed tonight
look at this thing look as sponge it is
Oh sponge Olli think it might actually
be that memory stuff I think we might
about that memory stuff I'm not sure all
right let's get this done French ah mine
using fun orange bow in your head Oh God
what are you doing I can see your
knickers what are you doing are you
doing are we gonna go to bed now we're
gonna go to bed yeah no it's way past
her bedtime it what do you think of the
carbonara losing me
even though is daddy Jonathan does not
like spaghetti has everyone a nose now
oh yeah he doesn't really like it so but
I didn't really have any other options
like needed the other pasta for there's
no what he's doing
okay he's done Chris alright so Eduardo
had a huge episode oh my god like all
day he's being just really out of sorts
and okay I knew it was round but every
time I burped like nothing would happen
or like he did spit up on Jonathan but
it didn't seem to matter but yeah he was
so fussy and he would not stop crying
like just would not stop and he's not
like that usually and so I actually
didn't even hurt him you know that
Jonathan I didn't even burp I just
rubbed his back in circles because he
was just so upset and it all came out
like not and I didn't actually
physically came out it was just hi it
was just burps just lots and lots of
wind poor thing and then ever since then
he's been fine he's smiling because I
missed you this bed we bought a
king-size bed and apparently the
instructions are for a well it's for
like the double or all the other sizes
where as we watch you'll be better yes I
didn't have a little tragic stealing all
the parts hello Eva she put all the
screws like into the bottom part of that
bad like in the little holes and she she
is certainly having yeah it's not this
is not how you should build a bed with
the cover on one side oh my God we're so
tired we're just trying to do it before
their bedtime no I'm not sleeping on air
bed tonight
also I felt I may have found a drug
daycare or a ducky boarding place so the
search might be over cuz I was getting
real a concern
but I think I found one so we're going
there tomorrow which is exciting
oh okay did you say we take our bath or
shower right take a shower I'm gonna go
dude
Wow Hades job is bath yeah also I think
mommy is going to be the me or shower
media then won't do him later cuz this
is clown for him yeah yeah we can't take
him for him
oh yeah he's up two nights in a row and
then last night he woke up at 5:00 a.m.
he didn't be okay I fight the jury I did
he woke at 5:00
he Kevin okay hello because you do jeez
look at you two with the headboard no
she loves it she was in the bed snuggle
dog wedgie realized to have this she oh
yeah yeah we're just a brand new way
look at his bed right oh and it's hidden
it away you can't see it it's like this
thing which is like some memory thing
with shrekt luigi not I look at stuff I
didn't know for anyway - it comes in
like - we couldn't figure out which way
with which but oh my god were you lying
I think the level of comfort yes she's
in here
yeah yeah daddy's bed can I have the
washers thank you okay sake night say
bye bye say aye friends family night
night friends all right
yes they are my muscles all right let's
see you tomorrow winner exciting builds
the rest of the house day alright when
you go into the kitchen it's not a fun
time it's not a fun time at all
right and we pretty much spent the rest
of the night building IKEA furniture oh
my gosh my hands and brain and body and
life is just ruined seriously like I got
all the sitting room stuff blown which
is great we got the rug and then the
glass damn coffee table thing it was so
complicated and what we saw got the bed
done then I stole the furniture the
chairs the table all I got left Italy is
the garden furniture and stuff so I'm
really excited to do that because it's
always so sunny here so it would be nice
to sit outside well thanks so much for
watching today's episode wasn't a
manhole I we had to take the house apart
to bring the bed upstairs I don't get
what it gets intimate oh I gotta forget
anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow
