nobody freaked out look who just arrived
that's just an example of how much this
rifle actually bought giant box of it
and that lifetime supply well probably
not but like all my dentist there's Tito
Tito keep at the window
oh my goodness I think we're good I
think we're good so I mean this is the
200 box which is like a selection of
like all different kinds cuz I want to
get that again cuz it's kind of fun and
then these are like our staples and then
this is answerde caps and then because
uh this is the problem we're new
customers so we got an a prize
you see our Irish Irish Nespresso is not
the same as UK Nespresso and that was
the problem we couldn't use our account
in the cap saying like no you want me to
ship it to our court no problem with
like going to have a new account then it
didn't work on Anna's account which is
kind of funny but then it said it when I
good you don't need to access the email
address I usually locally might address
networks when we got this press so oh my
goodness
I was about to go and get coffees don't
feel like those coffees now I'll pick up
the bread anyway for the toasties oh
yeah pardon I think I'd rather one of
these and look the green one that's the
Colombian
all right look at his Lud's we are here
right we go down here that's giant hole
arrow but we take Oh Daniel look so far
there's a park lake you never even knew
it was a lake here okay take care
was that a right by the tennis courts
just before the playground and it should
leave it there it should leave this dear
friend fine okay okay this is what I'm
thinking friends we've reached a
crossroads and I think it's this here at
wrote down there I've never gone down
there before what when you guys play
tennis there's like a huge tennis court
right here thank you she get into tennis
media huh says everyone plays tennis
no but city didn't you guys take members
simply she set up like em it's equally
girlies at Tennis Club table tennis Oh
what did you find
come on all right what we leave that
there always mini and everything I was
brilliant she chef like a tennis club
which have like a tennis competition
agenda and a mountain biking club like a
sports club or something
nothing fun
second coffee of the day but this one
I'm going to make a decaf because this
is just one that I just need I'm not
particularly tired I just kind of want
the flavor or the taste and so I'm going
to make it a decaf because I'm going to
try me I'm trying to keep them into like
three no more than three cups of things
which to me is like not a lot but I just
feel in for is a little bit too many so
like that I just send out my new number
to everybody in my life that I needed to
which is great cause a lot of people
couldn't didn't know how to contact me
because once our Irish phones were gone
they were gone and then like there was
just this kind of period where you know
no one can contact me because nobody
knew my I didn't have any number um
Kathleen go and so I finally now my mom
and if because I feel like I haven't
talked to anybody in so long cuz I just
wasn't able to text anybody or say hello
to anybody so finally text everybody
Jonathan has taken immediate to the park
and worried it was his scene here he is
what a cutie pie I'm actually gonna
fluff up the cushion it's a custard look
at me um I knew his keeper is here I
love her she's amazing she makes my life
complete like it's so funny she was like
you're so like me in the sense that
she's really like OCD and like
organization and stuff and I was like
it's good if you see eye to eye about
things like that because that way
everything remains the same oh hey you
beat me up she beat me with a steak lads
she's beating me to stick what oh babe
ah Oh fine I'm going I'm going oh I'm
coming and going and coming my goodness
oh okay you can have more pocket money
okay is that what you want you know what
okay fine you can have more chocolate
okay you can epochal money in chocolate
I know okay Barney too much Peppa Pig
all day long okay what else oh okay Oh
come on let's go wow it's so nice and
peaceful around here
wonder where Mia is you like running
away it's pretty safe it's pretty safe
it's not really anywhere she can really
go around here but it was kind of put it
she was like running away I was sitting
there watching her it was like yeah well
it's kind of good for it but yeah then
to get a little freedom freedom suite on
this park is amazing oh it's so big
agree me scratch the surface of it
heavily look at you it's a big stick
what are people gonna think huh
chocolaty lead-ups plum that was our
initial plan but we're not getting very
far
who talks that's it this way look see
this way Cole talks with that pants
didn't actually happen but we ended up
here and said we're go out sailing that
sounds like fun I would actually like to
do that hello we're gonna take about a
second then it'll be over
oh you try to take your shoes off stay
in the Sun you're so smart
oh goodness sometimes you blow me away
with your smartness
I give up let's remember bringing Emilia
meetings at the age now where I'm not
bringing anywhere anymore until she's at
least five years old and this is
terrible tears although I heard rumors
that after the terrible truth comes the
terrible trees which are worse and then
this is terrible forest and then this is
terrible five and I keeps on going so
somewhere in the mid 20s but then it's a
different kind of terrible 25 oh my
goodness I have to carry her in one arm
because she was like no I'm being
carried everywhere father and I was like
oh no and sometimes that she hold your
hand for a while until she's like you
know what I think I could do better than
holding her I think I could be carried
now you know this is the floppy body
falls down screams apologies to everyone
around me as you pick up the screaming
child no I'm not stealing her I actually
own her she's just making it out like
I'm seeing her no no she got something
from the checkout guy ah it's all worth
it oh I did it all for some high knees
alright let's go home what have we found
here huh
we found it lardo I our dough hi I heard
oh hey why is everyone getting in on
this
that's our toes yeah you want to give it
back to him give it back good girl good
girl you giving him a kiss
you say I love you I love you big
brother small brother little brother
just brother what are you after
hmm yeah oh you're gonna read them a
book
you retard or book hi hi hi little man
maybe maybe you can sit this item you
can sit beside our dough keep them happy
hi Christian that'll be with that Oh
still not be the bed I literally would
actually consider sleeping on this bed
it was not a much good
I'm thinking of making it like there it
is over there thinking of making veal is
that blending we were all there anything
we're waiting for is the baby gate for
the top which is coming with our I see
yourself which is coming next week oh my
goodness Thanks so long
but excusing you haven't put up the ah
no look with our TV we got a second TiVo
box but uh we don't have anywhere to put
the second TiVo box so we just stuck it
up here cuz I was thinking maybe this
could be like if we filled it with like
you know like beanbags and toys and
stuff and we had like a big TV here um
the kids could have like a special room
up here or if you just don't nuts make a
mess watching TV and yeah that's why
particular box Kazaam I don't even want
to put a TV in the bedroom so I was like
oh I might as well stick it over here
seat Bobby we can put on peppa pig and
lock the doors make padded walls or
something
on the menu tonight is spaghetti
bolognese
and this is one that I've made before
but it's a favorite Jonathan already
likes this one and obviously because of
wheat so I've got my ingredients here
but I'm doing a
parking anyways um I'm doing a half
portion or like I have half the recipe
because it's a recipe for six last time
I did it I think either there was tons
of leftovers obviously or I think maybe
we had my mom over or something like
that I can't exactly remember it but
anyway I was like nah yeah my mom came
over that time but I was not going to
let that happen this time because I am
just sick of wasting food so I have to
the recipe because it was for six I
figured there's
us are like two and a half we've got
extra virgin olive oil rosemary garlic
bacon onion some beef some essential
Waitrose British beef some red wine
parmesan sun-dried tomatoes tin tomato
like plum tomatoes and of course
spaghetti I am going to try and do this
pretty quickly it says but it takes like
an hour but no big I could do it in half
an hour
what's happened now lads we've all
flooded up Oh snuggled up here now in
the cube well general covers on well
snuggled up here oh no are you reading
some books a boo and a peach blue and
pink
yeah very good what else happened it's
like she quite comfortable I'll say oh
why don't we just put the book up here
again yeah what happens next
okay okay
hi guys hi guys and welcome today's
video what's even going on with you hi
hi there I'm inside a book I am part of
the content oh why am I being squished
in a book question why am I being
squished in a book okay thank you
Thank You PJ back Oh appreciate that
reward Oh
I'm surely alright I'm what so I kid
myself
Oh our North drama
firms are starring with W sitting up
what what was even happening here gonna
get you you're a giant ah oh are you
trying at no more comfortable spot oh by
the way I totally recommend burrow
inside the crib of the baby's crib it is
very comfortable and it's a great
bonding exercise but be warned your wife
may murder you this is the footage where
we are word it'll be alright
sorry sorry
Oh sorcerer of the kitchen what have you
blessed us with spaghetti bolognaise
spike well spike us of the balls hmm hmm
well can you see SPAC ball swag poopoo
you get lunch spike poopoo hmm it seems
like scene oh oh geez it seems like
seeing a cactus just like go for like
hitting on the ball Dean was like a
sleep oh sorry
Feeny's she was just asleep like hey Doc
catch oh my goodness well haha somebody
likes it that's a Rose Marie just picked
it for me huh
so this is what it looks like
and what you think uh-huh it is really
good I have made would annoy everyone I
have made this one before I don't know
if you remember my mom was over the last
knew we had your heads no no no that was
a different one but I have made this
before that's good well yeah we can you
make you know I taste spaghetti is part
of my least favorite of the passes okay
no but let me get out that side in sauce
I know but like you could have really
saved that for another day when I didn't
make spaghetti no you don't like I
always say when I make spaghetti
bolognaise I always put it okay okay
well this is spaghetti bolognaise so
that's what it's called that's what
we're having
yeah alright I didn't just spend a long
time cooking this meal and to hear that
you don't like it
whoo what are you guys doing still here
but people I saw some people on Twitter
and the comments is up there saying oh
you just show us what it's like because
I tend always put you guys to bed at the
same time as the kids I know just sort
of happen that way and we just sort of
go in it for them so what's happening
orange is the new black my fiends
watching weather which looks like we're
watching the weather all right Anna
tends to groom two dogs or paint your
nails yeah we had a couple of snacks
here
nice dude we dosed water to coffee and
they have a copy to double double shot
you having SEOs having a shot or two or
coffee - I just I just picked pew at
Ian's mom I put in a copy code mm-hmm
anyway let's see you guys tomorrow I
hope you enjoyed today's video and
thanks so much on cuz I only seen their
comments yesterday from when I was all
feeling down and sad and you guys have
to be nice comments and you hit the like
button then you tweet me and you guys
are my best friends so thanks for
cheering me up
and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye say
bye I feel poor girls
hello and welcome to the end of the vlog
I hope you had fun and I hope you come
back tomorrow cuz it won't be the same
without you nothing is
you put up another video on my other
channel if you guys didn't know I have a
second channel on the youtubes seriously
I do the link is in the description
somewhere buried amongst all the
information down below let's see if you
can find it let's actually see how many
of you guys as an exercise see if you
can actually find it Thursday it's got
just it you know what it's a cryptic
name naming channel is Jonathan Jolie
boom
you're never gonna you're never going to
guess how I came up with the name of
that channel why don't you just go ahead
and subscribe to you just so I can have
a rose little plaques I need 100
thousand to get a plaque Quan Quan Quan
Chi just go I don't even watch the
videos just go over and press subscribe
write and then I have a hundred
thousands of Everett and then I get
another plaque and then I feel good okay
clack make me feel good legs and see you
guys tomorrow see you later
