the media snuck up snuck off to a real
go get all her books that's the night
night song that's a nice song
that's all good off then I kind of
forgot that she came off the stairs I'm
gonna in a bike it's why I'm that
dressed up on funny funny like oh the
batteries are running low friend yeah I
don't know yeah if you can get new
batteries for it you love me beep I
loves daddy yeah having one of those
days that's you know when um get
yourself in a situation where you feel
like nobody likes me I don't know why
it's like I don't know if you like oh my
god like your neighbor singing oh my god
my friend saying oh I got my work
friends in you know why everybody hates
me he's down really spiral into feeling
that you just need nobody likes you
you're like a media party doesn't write
new like oh you just kind of sings
destructive tendencies to like really
unravel your life to horn this happened
in depression can you feel like fine
hate everyone - you know it's mental I
got em yeah
then everybody goes away in life you
know big I just check yourself cuz you
gotta know when it's happening and all
that I don't think everybody hates me I
wish I could I wish I could convince
myself that huh
you help it's definitely knows a media
that's what I'm gonna go ahead a bike
cuz when I feel that way you just use me
till I get away get away go out into the
forest be on your own or not I think
just like do something nice and fun and
sport is good cause I think you feel
better for only God that I Spartans woke
up this morning I was like on I said
that I was like oh no mom warned these
fiery days
so it is eating her Weetabix yay it's
like 12 o'clock though she's been
grazing and kind of on it since
breakfast like she didn't finish it at
breakfast so she's still eating it
mm-hm good girl and she made a little
picnic on the play mat it was so huge
like all her little she's obsessed with
teddy bears at the moment like really
really into them right now for some
reason she keeps wanting her teddy bears
and I don't mean like Teddy's as in the
Irish term because in Ireland
I learned that reapeth you are removed
from or from America to Ireland I did
not understand that in Ireland people
call it Teddy's like Teddy's means like
stuffed animals and I did not know that
now I don't call them stuffed animals
anymore what do I call them soft toys
I'm not really sure what I even call
them but um you know like plush toys or
like soft toys stuffed animals that's
Teddy's in what regardless of whether
it's actually a teddy bear or not so I
find that really confusing I remember
when we moved and she's obsessed with
actual teddy bears like not Teddy's
teddy bears so I don't know why but
anyway I thought I would catch up on
some laundry well there look we got this
card from Zoey was so cute I'm so
beautiful here he's bench but you know
there's somebody lovely bench just like
sitting around future just say pull up
pull up with your talks let it flow
there we go
hey never that songs right hate to think
that guys like you know I always try and
keep the vlogs like super positive all
the time you know but it's tricky you
know doing the videos every day
you know that you guys entire life so
much that you know sometimes it's hard
to try and pretend okay
what everything is okay you know and I
know this I'm like I've lived this my
whole life I know these days calm I know
it gets ahold of you and tries to pull
you down and I'm sitting there and I'm
like you know one half of me is like are
you serious no no I will not engage with
you but the other half of me is like
totally engaged the fight it's a fight
but that makes it nice when you get to
sit here like this find them doughnut in
a bite or something you know do
something to just like vent that off you
know and you get over it
I'm telling you already see the next
video when I yeah what I mean I've done
about seven or eight K so far stretch
and swear I feel much better than I did
my sitting up there talking big media
like you have a counseling session where
you're at your brain you know your and
subconscious like he's he's talking away
to me is like I'm like I'm not everyone
likes me if I'm on my own here I I'm
obviously crazy person but the Sun is
coming out which is awesome that's a
nice little added bonus for me hello
better sometimes it's great sometimes
talking to you guys
you know admitting I'm saying out loud
that I'm feeling this way actually makes
me feel better you know talking about it
makes you feel better
that is a cupcake but we're not having
cupcakes now we're having dough balls
dough balls pizza and dough balls look
remember when we were in the pizza place
and we had the dough balls wow they have
to be cooked they're cold they're frozen
if you put them in the oven and cook
them cuz right now I've got the pizza
see the pizza yeah we have to wait for
daddy to come home and then we can eat
pizza and go balls okay look at this how
cool is this like middle of a bike trail
to end up in the middle of a golf course
that's so cool
there's all these warning signs golf
players from the right caution look like
you can go shopping there this is so
cool I can see following people can
leave anyway oh he's good top thanks
daddy
I'm like miles away as he was heading
home he said so good thing a good thing
you stopped to chat it always would have
kept following them so killing me it's
so pretty
how did we get so lucky like it's only
lucky living like the best place ever
don't throw it at her throw it they
fetch say fetch fetch
Xena
setsuna but don't throw it at her
okay good girl thanks she's getting it
together she was gonna get it no I'm not
just dropped in throwing Xena but they
do two letters fetch
Xena Xena what here look I mean yeah
look I'll show you how to do it okay
we get the ball okay and Rosina the ball
and then you have to say bitch do not
that's the aim of the game how cool is
that
a bench there the whole way just blocked
all the way around and it's just this
bench but an open looking out into the
valley every time I see ya
I'm blown pass no he's gone past me that
is amazing
he lives down here that is it that is
the most epic first date spot so I was
like young again and I was dating
someone and I was like a nun again here
I meet up with them this is where I take
him on their first date look at that
it's so amazing so due to the fact that
we're adding espressos and the capsule
things he bought a horrible and
nice coffee moving in that confidence
world which is not boding well I finally
got to order online no we order to
express so I think it'll be tomorrow but
I was like you know what she do
there's a cost up here there's no swing
buddy gets to take away copies please we
have some sort of a competition where
right I got two copies how cool is that
little holder thing look it's like I
haven't seen that before word it gives
me a little holder for the top is going
here I was a little naughty
I was a little naughty I got a tumble on
these and it's probably gonna say and
then I'll say fine I'll have to use as
good as it was hitting the hiccups there
yeah anyway extracting you know fun he
was like laughing you gonna spit up all
of him soon as I guess
hey evil evil evil evil steal that I'm a
little man I'm then hey y'all ready yo
I'm a little mental eat your hand
mmm-mmm-mmm this time is really tasty
Oh decided it's so tasty to eat your
foot
we need your foot can eat your foot oh
oh whoa
I really do man oh man hey oh my daddy
yo I'm a little man
keep them decide i decide i decide i you
give me
yeah that's if you watch too much
catfish you start to down everything I
don't even know you you say you are are
you all just my mom or something huh
it's like crazy this MTV catfish show
thing
it's the antonius what do you know what
are you Steven big stealer while
watching it together
I don't know Tito Tito are you you say
you are this is my Oh got it got it hey
oh I don't even know if that's Minnie
Mouse could be pretending - Minnie mess
could be Mickey copy Oh Michael Oh mouse
yeah people actually if you took the
pink ball off all those two got
eyelashes here are my ingredients for
tonight's meal I'm making spinach and
feta pastry or a pie with phyllo pastry
yeah I thought I might stay and I'm
excited for this Jonathan not so much
cause it's like like oh it's gonna be
good okay it's a pastry my spinach my
feta cheese oregano lemon butter cheddar
cheese eggs pine nuts cayenne pepper and
nutmeg and then the filo pastry phone is
like friends having fun having fun in
the park
please don't bark if you see me coming
along
be nice this thing is sound it is very
like super shaky footage news because
that didn't start out like a lovely
sunny day lines Bush definitely turned
into one Tricia raisin time
cancellations can you see this do you
see this thing what the hell is that
supposed to be just be BA this is what
it turned out like so this is what it
turned out like I actually ended up
doing it in my casserole dish and I
think it worked well yeah look at the
romantic greens and stuff in this this
thing is amazing
and seriously I was not expecting that
when you said to me this morning I was
like weird
you've done it again you should like
catered dinner parties or something you
so good hey I'm Joe comes toasties I'll
get you in once a week you know you have
Jovi so season Nina's night time Neil's
tears you guys oh my what is it again
finishing up my spinach and feta pie
amazing yeah oh and she got their
nighttime song
the nighttime song I've got a nighttime
song to you hold on a second
so my phone here want to hear nighttime
some friends all right check this song
out this girl tweet immediate song ready
do you love it dance there comes the
chorus Amelia you ready
si si si oh and EJ is so op e thanks for
watching today
bye musical ending say bye No
