Oh
PETA Oh
Biba Oh whoopee we're doing here now
what's that what's Justin Bieber Dion
what's this what's this are you locking
us in what is it empty no look you're
gonna squish the bottom hola
squish the bottom nope mmm
are you doing today dad no who's hopes
for that huh
she's a good hugger lines she's a good
hugger so you got hugging skills skills
at the hugs I only have that oh yeah
that so yeah I got Waitrose again and
stuff Amelia and I'm looking forward to
cooking all of our meals this week
because I got quite a lot of stuff nice
organic eggs there was a couple of
substitutions which I think we're okay
the only one thing was that they gave me
soy milk in some ramen which is kind of
I mean it's already it's not the end of
the world
but yeah they didn't have almond milk
which I like it's just a shame but
notice when you watch it and I did up
another meal plan so that we
then have a couple of nice things
planned
oh these are cool I got um is it Korres
or Korres
I'm not sure Korres maybe shower gel if
I saw it on the website and I was like
well that looks kind of cool I got to
like this for Amelia because she is at
the moment and I want her to have like
we device for breakfast but she's just
not eating it so I thought that way to
mix maybe it might be a bit more fun no
little man look at you hot huh yeah I'm
stuck in there no you get your hat
you're grasping your giraffe you like on
your new toys what come on hold on oh no
oh where is this negative kingston upon
him keeps doing great work we are now
this is nice to be one of the thames
river side
eggie then you guys live here on
paradeen been towns right we got an
apple store and maybe an espresso store
yeah every time I look for his present
stories
uh-huh it's got very dark it has camera
I think it's dead
tofu chokes cameras dead yeah and
dropped one too many times
and we are lost as you know what is this
a Coney Joey blog these days they're
getting lost
you know I'm got the lost chronicles I'm
highly allergic to stop shaking
yes I'd right now it's hay fever like it
that's what it is but sometimes it
flares up depending on what kind I think
it depends on what kind of plants are
around you know but it's turned flaring
up like just as we were driving and the
windows were all closed all we live out
in the countryside so I failed the okay
in bent l's he's probably a nice and
tall bent halls it's not bent l's
Bendel's
no because it's ve and T ALL beta lights
so we made it here up to the top up to
the tippy G's house none of the baby
parking spaces were free after our
entire adventure of getting up to the
top for the baby parking bringing jacket
today was also a joke no you wouldn't
think would sleep in half or something
then he'll blurry mirror look at mirrors
there's no flurry in the vlog series s
that me are so blurry confusing yeah
that's what we were a minute ago driving
render lost
rich Oh give this place huh you do have
this our home
I don't know I can go down there with
Fred Finn's down here where is rose maps
or something
let's try and heat up the Apple Store
come on let's try and hit up the Apple
store okay avoid Starbucks I know it's
gonna happen I know it's gonna happen
let me go in there winning a couple of
traps everyone's gotta have some time
lemon chicken sandwiches then we'd be
fooling our like a ballet brache Oh
we'll just go home I'm cheerful the
homemaker Alex nice but we just ordered
everything from idea which is everything
what
no no oh look here's mine alright let's
go nespresso and apple core apple
flavored Nespresso that's such a thing
oh look pollutants I've never been to a
buffet
yeah this is it this is the first time
I've ever been inside an Apple store not
mental cuz they don't happen in Ireland
when we're in an awful story
Oh get it out
because work
that's good luck nice dog
is this the gold on yeah we just take
this one have you got a scissors I think
if you have a scissors you can have it
you get a tiger me that's in place where
we're getting the iPhones but they can
eat and she's upset
my daddy was
yeah well to get the Tito
she's grabbing it like
Oh put them in the back between the bag
so we're actually able to trade in our
iPhone 4s from you darling
like 150 pounds her i phone 4s off the
cost of the iPhone 5s which is pretty
cool
that's like we got any 200 pounds off I
think was gonna cost us like 550 of it
say there but like that's decent like
this we're doing now with this
transparent everything from the iPhone
4s over to the 5s know what you got
perhaps okay we're getting the phone
sorted Emilia is impending meltdown mode
we got phones and the phone number set
up
did she like it Wow oh you got to show
me everything
oh my god look like a grooming place is
that for that like the actual bears
another elephant you're closer to home
time that tight hold on to our dough
okay
how was ID we go I'm sure well oh maybe
we were on 11:00 or something I don't
think we're on this one I think was the
one that although she walked up to this
one I'd look at the big doors in here
this car park B we're supposed to be in
car park a or something you think we're
on the right now I was wondering when we
were driving in us like what's going
into the car park hey everyone else
appears to be going into park harpy yeah
this one seems oh when you discover this
is the wrong way yeah where's the one
keep here okay if our plan is correct
the car should be right here
trapped in some building oh my goodness
every day we get lost in this place we
should let you go free friend this
little ragamuffin went to the market
this is a ragamuffin I'm sorry
sorry I didn't mean to call you a
ragamuffin do you know the muffin man
the muffin man
where you want poops Oh
Viva Oh FIBA Oh FIBA Oh
Viva Oh
Bieber there is no Christmas meant one
I'll be back
so what do you know it's happened Oh
bebop Oh be back oh they were having a
day of leftovers legs and it is having
the shellfish thing from yesterday and
I'm gonna have the blokes par struck me
and immediately think we'll have the
blokes pasta penne just jack it in here
put it on for a million hours and I
don't know what do you think like three
four one four minutes ten seconds mmm
let's see I got this either gotta walk
go through the Bob who threw the ball Oh
catch she's got it from I think he's
like she Francesco who's over the other
day and she was Saint her catch and all
of a sudden Amelia's like catch -
everything's catch you gonna get it yes
ok ok ready ready ready touch
get it get it get it okay you ready
ready ready catch say catch throw let's
say you oh you have to pick it up and
say catch oh oh you see catch catch put
they're mine
BB's put the mic on Arlo huh hello come
on Eduardo put them on our dough Amelia
hey you they're making the baby right
Emilia Emilia
all right let's sign it off with my big
balloon I can't even I can't even get it
oh you almost nearly gun all right Artie
say bye to our friends bye
I think that smile has a vibe you're so
cute mm-hmm yeah so cute huh doesn't
look like me
OOP oh Emilio the glasses was so
funny
hi Daddy and her Oh oh my goodness
sometimes I regret even teaching her
that because sometimes she sits there
tonight just like hello Dada
oh but something did so much fun to just
play with her and make her hyper and
crazy and then you were graduate when
it's bedtime anyway guys thanks so much
for watching another episode of my
videos you guys are awesome thank you so
much I said thank you twice because I
mean it twice is nice double tap double
points today it's it's it's a double
point day anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow for another awesome day in your
awesome lives well you don't want our
eyes are only awesome because you guys
what if you guys don't watch our lives
awesome that's the way it works you know
today's that you don't watch the videos
are terrible terrible days love you guys
you tomorrow boy boy
