hi welcome funky little chats gone over
at your brother
give him the chats all right this is it
lies in our house zina hmm morning our
dough it is freezing here
so when Elsa door Oh Oh media's reverted
to crawling so we're trying a new nanny
today she's at I think she's not in the
way so um hopefully it works out she
said she knew a little bit about YouTube
I think she might have might put up
videos herself I'm not really sure so
hopefully that makes the process easier
you know people kind of understand stuff
that so uh that would be interesting to
see hello everybody is having your
breakfast she's got her - she's got her
banana for Cheerios and her cuca it's
not really a cookout but it's a new -
brain biscuit
Edward is over here with mommy getting
some work done getting our breakfast on
the go look at our cupboard terney we
like oats and new - grains are you got
one sock on one foot at here walking
around
he's here and he's causing a ruckus this
morning come on let's go let's go Lana
run hah all the way Charles come on Abby
come on guys let's go
it's going to what be by doing hey
you're gonna help me change it no we
change our dough I don't think he needs
one of them right now we'll put it over
there for a minute you are don't give
our dough hug give our dough hook and
then go to mom get my hug don't open his
nappy give my hug that's a funny hug
okay change our dope nappy change is
nappy oh yeah hi there oh hello hello
hello hi hey
Oh beep aha some batteries here for you
hello hi and why you know anyone is a it
cos oh my goodness excuse me when I beat
my child
Emilia oh just pulling all the papers on
the floor got a new 90 arrived no I
don't know if it's gonna work out like
apparently she knows a bit about YouTube
I mean what do you think you like your
new nanny undecided
she came with cheese scare what is it
cupcakes yeah game with cupcakes came
with T for 2d for - yeah Mia what do you
what you're leaving a stain what's the
plan
no don't worry everything yeah
definitely everything's to move from
here to here and then back again there's
a process so I think a second trial also
approves
yeah it's my knees ok so just quickly
change his nappy and invade him and then
make him lunch
yeah to the dogs a change LG's nappy
yeah I'm breasts morning so we decided
we're gonna try and make the SodaStream
and I'll put in the comments are saying
try to cream soda one I think this one
looks really good cuz it's still Monday
if you'd imagine Belmonte Anna I need to
figure out it look it look it should be
scary though it's like you get this
thing it's really scary
oh he's holding you toy ah alright I
figure that took about an hour to figure
out you gotta put a thing in here but
are you ready for this stuff other than
that oh god oh god it's gonna explode I
think that's it I don't know you can try
some
yeah he put necessity for normal water
and then bicarbonate water huh that's
not it
maybe I you're making I'll be cross he's
kind of in a mood
meanwhile hobby is tech yeah I'll be you
look very vicious when you do that he
missed about I'd get out of my house oh
yeah Wow so now yeah what's up passion
line there oh it is baby oh yeah like
you sweeted to do still oh haha
Amelia yeah that's her new game is she
throwing today open a grill yeah all
right now we're gonna add some fizz
before you today
alright pick one you can pick one
beginning what I wanted a mangle one
yeah bracket surnames cream soda
what is cream soda no no I'm gonna drive
creaks oh no yeah me neither
mark 100 it smells like a little bit
yeah or like I smell like maybe I'm
another hollow City oh my god guys a
SodaStream is incredible I got too
excited I totally forgot it
Jack's always vlog today to see my
reaction there's so many blogs I didn't
know what was going on okay I was
confused but oh my god it's amazing the
damn party Reagan Tosi's we also came up
with the name of our menu future venture
Joe ketosis and a cup of joe at Joe
Pistone would you like a cup of joe joe
potosi oh yeah my first customer no
that's new leave
yeah see that's what I meant she's she's
very pretty
buddy you're very bossy
you're bossy boots no we're not going
outside now it's cold
okay I've stolen am Zoe's car
don't tell her but I can't figure I had
to start it um start booking or
something
Oh start stop what's happening what's
going on wait wait what I kind of sign
in this car starts ah got it
okay so he's making friends you can look
at these faces since you two a big ever
so good I'll give you this slightly
figure oh yeah well they they need
fattening up but yeah
and Bianca yeah yeah actually Zoe new
video as I make every friend like a
creepy sort of I did just have no no
that she she did that's P oh yeah yes
yeah no Cena hasn't been hey
okay the others must be either launching
a free for I think you're missing Albie
and Nevaeh
Nevaeh look movies no oh my god movies
is so bold you wouldn't think it you
think it's peel that seals all the
treats but no it's actually Newsies it's
a little snack with a little eyes yeah
cuz she is too okay so well they're
determined to go get phones today
because they still not have phones and
it would be nice to be able to community
so I'm heading up to a car Kumar has a
car all her information that is needed
and hopefully I'm going to get falls I
still think we're gonna go to goals five
asses
there's always something lads it's
always something
so we the count was only open a couple
of days ago so we were like oh no I'm
sorry because I have to get to phones
and they're probably thinking like all
it's too much of a risk or like they
want you to be here for 30 days you have
230 days credit or something in the UK
like check option B is to just buy buy
outright unlocked and my phones I don't
know I think I might get at this point
because I'm just like what why is there
always something there's always
something that alright let's get home I
can't be that happen and it's gonna be
so annoyed she's like we're gonna do E's
iPhone the gold on and she be like oh my
god I'm so happy to get one I'm gonna
walk in the door be like it said no if
you're the actual computer did say no oh
my god I can't you say no wow I wish
she'd actually said it's alright okay
said no I would actually would be in
best moment of my life
well actually the computer I said yes
would have been equally as good to be
honest hello what's going on what's
going on what's going on did you sleep
on your forehead tell me the truth hey
hi I'm happy all the time you said is
that a bear said oh man did you have a
nice nap yeah getting a lift down my
teeth yeah now if you could just fix us
some lunch this is wireless towel
she's full of the chats media has head
of a shop here is the corner shop yeah
she's good tea bubbles he said bubbles -
yeah she does it up that idly working in
the shop our boat our dough has the
night shift I know it's you yeah give
you our dough hogs are you crushing him
what is it
hugs are crushing okay okay roll over
roll over
okay he doesn't seem too fazed gently
down the stream merrily merrily merrily
merrily how much is that doggy okay it's
now got it's gotta let out of control
here now we've got three in a minute we
do have street we have three children
these are pampas baby years yeah some
trust exercises come on Mia you doing a
much better your i/o drink break oh this
is weird you're all in it all together
when is this ever happened before you're
interacting with each other face to face
okay so this is this where he's always
gonna be staying is it never broke stock
don't worry about the stock joini come
down go see you guys I'm gonna catch it
sometimes you can keep Emilia down there
knife here all right to the right is
York it's where you'll be saying oh it's
roomy it's it's literally American
Horror Story oh yeah pretty much
hi this is where you can do your videos
give me a pillow yeah are you exactly
exactly know why I actually take pay
down our folks
exactly Oh a spider and a plug the view
is amazing
Wow son of that
Oh through that you would be using the
front entrance oh okay yeah we just use
go to their crawl up through a hole and
you come out somewhere in the garden
yeah we want to keep you safe
yeah you know it's just that's like you
know here's the kind of main you know
area toilet the toilet point is very
good this is the butcher you just pull
out you stand back yeah good like it's a
four-bed you can party pile four beds on
top of each other yeah I can you figure
this is this is an this is the master
bedroom
Wow I mean this is what else you need
we think she's not sure yeah that's
actually when we come down like if you
could just have to washing ready you
know we come down and be like okay yeah
okay thanks bye okay ready
oh did you trying to explain Zoe's dogs
never come down here and a hell every
night and scratch it that's Co detail I
don't think you can even see us
that's inna that's Bianca
yeah yeah yeah Dena hey come down boy
what they come down
Oh
yankin said staring at something she's
definitely staring at something staying
at something and she's like afraid of it
what Danko or do you stand I'll go in
there it's like something around here
Vidya hey YouTube even say it you should
start school school is not okay what's
going on here now give me the keys you
gonna say fighter Zoe Zoe like so you
don't come in it you're a child here
forever
Zoe lives by the beach
yeah you have to come to the beach thing
Oh
give her a hug and that's pretty much
all we got for you today folks but
seriously is that basement haunted or
what like what the hell was behind her
looking at you know first of all the
dogs wouldn't go down the stairs at all
right I have to like forcibly dragged
the engine and the stairs right and then
she's like staring at the wall and she
was like backing away from himself and
then she's like wouldn't go near that
little hole I found guy this series II
I'm down it there's gonna be there's
gonna be some sort of a special maybe
she got one rose like those night camera
things I'm like I have night vision
goggles I do remember I should totally
trying like good and there in the dark
no what am I saying
no don't I don't want to do that oh my
god wouldn't be so much fun but what if
what if I actually do find like no bad
idea okay thanks for today all of
today's end slate is magic it's magic
teamed which is kind of the same thanks
for watching guys I'll see you laters
don't be haters
I'll see you laters
