with thee supposes in here hard OB but
you would actually fit in there oh my
goodness
is it another Eva look if you could buy
a deep at all its mommy in there I hope
not maybe another mommy I'm ami
replacement seriously if you were to buy
a Bieber doll look this would be did
boxy will come in look stand up against
the thing stand up stand here so I can
make a joke now stand there look Biba
dolls we're gonna do imagine life-size
be pillows
oh we gonna check the diary see you is
from myself that's pretty good look at a
Chan I've gotten since we've come to the
UK I've actually gotten tan alright we
would open rd but I'll see what's in
here
yeah I think it might be a beep on here
one oh my god so good I'm the wrong way
hold on but it's so cool super chair
yeah four years ran for score or for
logging the box what's that she's so
obsessed with you like oh yeah every day
we go
I know but it's so cool it's gold uh-huh
epic let me see
Congrats congratulations on four years
against not inhabit four more how about
four more hey mom look what I got from
Ted Club my very own
okay I need 10 to my baby
thank you Janu ank you she's just saying
sorry got good so we're over to the
passenger and and you're right every
time she came what we got a quick she's
like thank you I was like with the
braces fruitful child he's my kid is
like can't mine early and they hate when
you're out in public and you're like I
always think it's really nice when kids
say thank you you know take us ruin
house but it was a heck of a tumor and
she said it to me I was like how awesome
is this look sorry and you guys have a
SodaStream at-home look that's mental
I'm selling a friend nothing but how
cool it is
lucky comes out like all these different
flavors and stuff passion of mine I'm
passionate about mango I've never been
melon I had remained like years and
years ago when I was a kid oh but not
cream soda oh you might like that one
the man from Del Monte let's just break
this out and give it a shot that's so
cool-looking luck okay wait what I have
to do right know each other's dreams so
tell her totally summer streams what
happens every time you go to the peal
box or anything her Jonathan takes an
ever
I like I'm gonna butcher boxes
everywhere and I'm like having a nervous
bride is destroyed this is here we have
the garage yeah
oh my god the guys like is actually full
full of boxes
it's the boxing room I be that hi Eva so
this is my Cheska she's here to help on
my lie abandoned oh boy I'll be like sir
amazing yeah cause that's the test
yeah that's it that's it that no one
else to visit you can say into the
basement seats in the basement I just
can't get over to space - I'm sorry to
drone on tonight
but she's so amazing come out here like
you know it's all alive you know it's so
beautiful
oh hi don't mind me I'm just uh just
making friends with the locals these
guys you're so cool that's so scary let
me know at the same time I'm gonna go
everywhere I'm afraid to go near sixty
like attacked me or something
hello
hello
let's go what the hell is that nothing
is there it's been your friend let's
let's name him with comments we'll name
him
he's got friends is that friends of his
own how cool that girl her friends get
near him because that might be violent
or dangerous or something
well I wouldn't detailed there they're
roaming around the field they're
probably safe and friendly right so the
cupcakes hang it really nice oh my god
I'm actually really excited so um this
is amazing I can't believe I've lived my
life so long without a KitchenAid like
seriously it does all the work you don't
have to even do any I'm just like
standing there like an idiot like not
British for what to do anymore so it's
so cool and I'm in media is showing
Francesca all the toys and she we
figured out that she knows when an ad
break comes on and how long it takes
because she runs out into the hall and
like does a bit of dancing plays a
little game and then as soon as it comes
back on it's like she knows like
clockwork she runs back at and such and
watch the rest it's crazy anyway so
movie happy with how these turned out
I'm going to try and get the frosting
ingredients ready now so I can fill in
the next bit of this video I may have
taken a wrong turn somewhere
I was slowly getting more and more dense
forest e he's got appears to be a track
excuse me Holly thanks oh okay
this has been a bit of a problem here
step through the Holly back in stock ha
let's cut it okay
out
okay we got some more situation
situation going to be alarmed that
situation we have a situation right away
too much
and it's kind of hot braiding as well
okay okay Oh more situations Oh No
a fan here 25 holy crap Hey
so uh
25 and half of my eggs
Oh oh joy starting to rain love it love
it
so he's that he's inside cooking the
KitchenAid yes the chef that's so cool
oh is the kitchen a is inside they're
working what else does it do does it
make coffee does the laundry all right
your highness
Theodore it all Dwight this J'son
that row I was like I bet this is the
future yeah and it's color but it's not
muddy yet look at you my fifth place yes
all right looking for bakery I couldn't
Park in arsons I drove around the car
park for that like 20 minutes we're just
putting a parking spot
here has to be one around here somewhere
in the main town or it isn't M&S I think
I could park right this 30 minutes
hopefully the heart still good like wow
look amazing bake this is that mint yeah
that's so cool you see the spot them all
right let's get to make some sandwiches
for Jessica's going to appreciate it
Ciccone Joey special toasty just
traveled so far just that well it was
mistake I was a mistake and I was either
napping a purpose but it adds to it adds
to the experience
Bieber are no you're not rat hisses
Kelly I am like slave driven here lives
moments not a moment's rest
hello hello
you know you little smile hmm he smiles
just going around for miles
you can tell me I won't tell anyone else
yeah handy just immediate that but was
hours afterwards that's been really sick
so she wanted a hmm so I just got the
worst stomach pain ever came on all of a
sudden I don't even know where they came
from I had to go up to bed in the middle
of filming my cupcake video I just had
to go to bed I thought I was dying I
thought I had appendicitis or something
my stomach was like a nut and I swear to
god it was like the worst stomach pains
that I've ever had since labor like it
was so painful and just came on all of a
sudden after lunch and I really wanted a
cupcake but I couldn't have one because
I was like in so much pain and then I
told you I was like freaking Yanis like
oh my god what is happening you don't
even know a doctor here we don't know
anybody like joining my pen except I've
got two kids relying on me I've got a
cooking video time in the middle of
filming who's like just take it easy
just go to bed so I went back I think
it's passed but that was quick like it's
still not enough cencon but I finished
my video anyway I just I don't know when
I came from this was just bizarre anyway
so finished my cupcake video and they
taste really good actually
if I say so myself I mean hey to say
that so I think I might just stick with
the decaf coffees because I think that
came on after drinking my coffee well I
don't know what as she's pregnant again
look at every one thing they're like
she's pregnant but no there's no new
guys new baby that's the way it works
yeah media wasn't the first as Eduardo's
in a second
oh yeah Luke are we gonna call him or
her there's no one it didn't really
except for just I don't know no you
don't did hi Jessica yeah I'm Utah yeah
what is the makeup cha cha cha cha yeah
Eduardo hi Eduardo how did wanna let
your friends
Oh Arnaz got a lovely Minnie Mouse oh
it's that Minnie Mouse is that our toes
Minnie oh our toes got a lovely Minnie
I'd have got a look spell oh god you're
gonna give Artur your Minnie yeah Oh Oh
where's my balloon there's my big
balloon did you make a new friend today
no Tito
no Tito so I don't let you guys have
been asking it's about setting up your
box here in London you know we do
actually kind of have one um like clean
world you can send stuff like this is
the address here basically you send it
to Zoe snug act Lina don't send it so II
although she probably appreciate that
send it to saucony Jolie's green
features second floor 100 hundred and
six Lenin Street London Neela Lola you
can send stuff there so you could say
this though if you want I'm sure she'd
appreciate that okay yeah that's that's
fuel box stuff if you guys want to send
so and then we'll stop by every few
weeks and I pick things up I'm trying to
only send cards and letters and stuff
like that guys you know don't don't be
wasting your moolah your hard-earned
moolah huh don't wait MIDI sitter
ragamuffins kind of acting outside
because that fruit some photos
tournament where everything's a party
Saturday night but he's going to appear
from me always point not because I can't
get slapped by Cameron but I left the
side door open or not so I don't know
doc he's out in case he does come
see you guys can just wait there a
second okay
don't be causing trouble well y'all
follow me when y'all follow me
where y'all follow me everyone follow me
what's going on what's going on it's
going up on our little adventure here
you know lovely slippers help you well
let's go
no whack no wash come on Sydney pop
India pop what yeah I know we do what
you saying I have a sneaky feeling that
this is not where that goes
I'm just just an idea that maybe it
doesn't go in there where did I find
this where did I find this yesterday she
was stuffing things in the exhaust of
the car huh today it's the front grille
the intakes are you learning about ins
and outs the ins and outs of the car
come on let's go inside all right
goodness Oh baby down baby down don't
forget to push prioritize
pop a pizza party neck piece of party
night never had these four Papa John's
better ingredients better pizza
I just Papa John so yeah you guys like
the Papa John we got it yeah oh my god
you guys are matching look I even notice
that all day oh my goodness so Sunday
that's Pizza Pizza war time hope you
guys have had a good day
good Sunday season 5 episode 1 was it a
blast I think so
but they're glad to be back you can say
bye good bye good bye ok I mean this too
busy so happening it will get you in the
morning see you guys tomorrow and
whatever you do don't get trapped in a
fridge oh you think the computer fish
they're eating our Cumberland hey so
near Cumberland sausages oh my god I
mean it their weakness Aussies have you
feel about that that's what I'll do I'll
cook you a good meal time okay I forgot
by Father's Day anyway we better go you
can find it tomorrow what punishment
done I guess yeah and I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching season 5
episode 1 was that a blast was a good
one you guys say goodbye to your friends
say bye Kelly no that's a cow she won't
let me I said mommy apples ah ok say
goodbye bye bye goodbye nothing nothing
at all shouldn't you get better what
