good morning again my little friend you
bring the scrim she is friend to get him
in the Roewe playing new visas come to
play - y-yeah
yos in this play Jim thing you love it
all right you want to get in there - oh
jeez I don't know if it's made for -
it's not gonna stop her
don't destroy the tranquility that we
have here now he likes to throw a bebop
yeah I know
really
are you okay just kissing and then
there's force kissing I don't know about
force kissing yeah for plants and pepper
oh oh most easy
he's a sneezy Snover in some populations
what happened here what happened here
you know I don't do that
get our dough tonight oh we put them
back in I'm just sitting here editing
this little munchkin got my car keys
just look at the windows thank you here
my car keys
all right okay wandering on the garden
it's probably gonna hide the car key
somewhere
I do think you loved this place in such
an Avenger so much to do so in Cabo
okie dokie so we're gonna go black black
black Brule up like a blue water today
because we made the mistake of not going
there with a planet decisive plan of
action because that's how we got lost
and over the food court
couple of frappes fill up our bellies
and then drove back in the car with
nothing we're going back with a plan
today looking cute huh come on come on
this way this way let's think mommy's
pictures only okay let's go ahead side
Hey ha ha ha so cute though isn't she
mary kay and Amelia okay
if you doing
Mia what are you doing you get the
clothes all dirty huh oh no what I'm do
the kitty uh-oh
oh my goodness mom is going to kill you
then Mama's gonna kill me there's gonna
be a lot of killing involves look I
don't want to show you what you missed
yesterday yeah there it is
see you in two look isn't it looks like
a much collet yeah I like a mid crop and
the droplets that would it yeah alright
stay around about take the second
everything right waterpark lighting crew
is all back to them yeah John John Lewis
John Lewis norm Lewis mate Carlo is nice
right John sorry to all these sorry I
know everyone we are attending ok we
don't need this nice
are you telling me right this is for
kids and babies only yeah yeah you're
telling me
yeah right child protection like that is
so you telling me there's a child in our
car
I know John jealous even I okay
country man yeah please man fair enough
fair enough which I'm gonna do
let's go to check every room for cars
yeah let's check okay I don't see one
there but it could be a baby
no that one is also taking the piss look
that one there what's that club again
see 500 yeah I don't know what did his
arrows mean in England there was I'm
wrong way anyways I don't know I'm not
sure I see a lot of car seats are in
here mm-hmm all right to the map lads
now apparently there is an espresso
store in here we've completely I have my
last I know what tom was saying is
actually distressing for as well so oh
my god
great food and drink no it's not okay
it's gonna take a while so I would say
we have about an hour maybe an hour and
a half the most before the kids start on
mention and hate us
hello hello kitty and nursing the job so
the parent there is a Hello Kitty store
in here somewhere
to come down here we didn't walk down
here yesterday I look the village you
try to find that yesterday and we
couldn't find it
this place is so big everyone asked me
that on a happy birthday she found us
just opened say someone who would like
it oh my god I just fan a Victoria's
Secret which we don't have
Arland like i am in heaven
alright guys mom has abandoned us for
Victoria's Secret she reckons that's
better than us
so we've been left to our own devices
still haven't found in the espresso
though hmm jamie oliver's summer st
young this patience goes on every time I
think I've actually come to the end
you're gonna found it nope there are
million miles to go and I would walk
five miles
it's okay we have helped find in this
grocery store hi okay I gotta find us a
special star apparently she believes
raise one and she said risen one so huh
this is it this this lies lies you come
here don't look like it's fine this is
the help here find these yeah sparking
floor where's Minnie
there's meanie
it's like it's cool in that princess
Sofia
I like those cases meanie everything
Minnie has her own vacuum cleaner Artie
so I think get those cops yeah yeah
definitely
cuz I we broke the two clubs that we had
the Disney Store somebody broke them I
don't know what's happening what's the
stealing yeah I don't know Suzanne we
haven't she really liked it the strong
ones and weaving is a sucky ones but
didn't like them as much Rex darling you
want a cup you cost 40 Kimmy
Oh kitty sit in there
what's happening here I know didn't feel
like that it's like I I love you too
okay yo man we got some salads me and I
have to go up again when you order these
frappe sits so enough they add they
never sometimes if it gets with the
cream on just make any sense cuz you're
like I want cream on top of my soy one
she put it and I would back up oh god
listen my boy
it's a coconut mocha one so great oh my
god you put the lime on yours it smells
so good isn't it
yummy hello are you giving Minnie some
sandwich
usually we brought the mental child who
brought simple driver if you fall off
that now is that is that it either
sandwich that the proper way to eat a
sandwich it is here
Oh our dough how
oh hello leaves just to be back just be
oh this place and I just spent all our
money calm how do you feel like that
actually we're pretty good service right
so you buy a lot of like big items right
what they don't you don't have to take
it they bring it upstairs and they're
bringing Asda and I can custom a
collection point and then you can just
keep shopping and keep dropping things
off at the pizza that's actually a bad
service because it's like what happened
so I might as well just buy more things
yeah and I got a cup of KitchenAid one
row for so long I feel like he's like me
trying to figure it out could be honest
workers broken he keeps like exploding
everywhere after like a date sometimes
the flower like XP and I bought an
espresso machine for Capri capsule oh
geez I gotta go we got a cuddle and a
toaster alright so we're in long as I
was buying all this money right and I
got a ton of receipts when I can't seem
to collect the goods
they're all like anybody being Joyner
just dropped it all in collections and I
was like oh yeah okay
where is collections I think you should
go back down we're all going to the top
anyway to all the different exits
entrances yeah sound like stages pull
apart in the purple spots or something
what's that yeah and then described
before conscious you did say purp
we found it here we are at customer
collection I can't I still can't believe
there's a Victoria's Secret in there I
didn't even get to look I just got
overwhelmed I was like oh my god I just
need to get out of here I couldn't even
look properly but I can't believe this
is Victoria's Secret we don't even have
it in Ireland like at all at all at all
I don't even think they have it in
Dublin so um that was pretty cool you
could totally spend like not even a day
a week in this shopping center it's huge
doggy friends run free oh he's so happy
when you open the door you come home
Heidi Zener hey guys huh hi Viva oh okay
hopefully everything's in fallout oh my
goodness without my creamy delight
coffee machines KitchenAid and coaster
in capital I'm so happy with them but
what you're not seeing yet is the most
disgusting thing ever
so I'm making lamb tagine all my
ingredients are laid out here it
features a neck of lamb Oh turn away if
you're squeamish about meat or dead
animals or anything wealth and animals
meat anything like that this is
disgusting I can't believe I even have
to touch this mmm
I hate it so I'm doing this for Jonathan
because he's the meat eater I wouldn't
eat meat like that pic of me if I didn't
have to but anyway so we're going to see
how this goes
dinner is served I like how it turned
unlike the presentation
so here's Jonathan hopefully he likes it
yeah it's like rice my hands are black
because she taking the legs off ah
wonderful
and here's mommy see that's good
oh my goodness yeah what's going on we
climbing stumps we climb on stumps of
trees come on let them remember what we
learned about dendrochronology in school
how many years someone leave in comments
how many years old as that tree based on
dendrochronology let's lay out the only
second thing I remember from school
video dendrochronology lads for like a
Scouts run around an adventure
we're Cub Scouts Cub Scouts cats I was
in the Cubs I was in the scouts I was in
the adventurers I don't know what else
am that's like the Cubs is like when
you're a kid anyway and then Scouts is
like preteen and then adventurers is
like in the teens and then I don't know
what comes after that I suppose just
like just going out and doing things
without formally calling it something
what me and Amelia are starting our own
Cub Scouts Girl Guides whatever
whatevs we're just digging up trees we
pull this one up render on Oh
rabbits or something in there yeah yes
sir mr. rabbits in there is Roger Rabbit
in there
oh my goodness to tomorrow guys tomorrow
is the four-year anniversary of a
certain vlogs mentos four years ago
tomorrow see it's tomorrow because when
I first started seeing the vlogs and I
didn't upload them the day after I used
to like record them and upload them in
the same day so tomorrow is the first
day the 14th of June
some time ago four years ago we started
a blog friend and boy oh boy
wasn't it a good idea hmm we only had
Alby at the time mentos but we won't
reminisce on it today we shall reminisce
on this tomorrow okay but for now we're
gonna learn a very important jungle
adventure from Vinci time media media
can you say jungle adventure time
buh buh bye time okay then I say goodbye
to friends when year ago two years ago
three years ago and four years ago and
someday I will start doing annotations
again oh it's just so hard it time you
wrapped up and then you forget about and
then you're like I started but I always
put the links in the description I just
may forget to put annotations I know I
should probably try and put the
annotations on the thing oh my goodness
for and it is for me because it is the
14th Iranian for me oh my god I feel
like I need to say something poletik
something just sum up the four years of
vlogging don't sweat the little things
in life embrace and enjoy the little
things in life because life is made up
of little things it's not made up of
like huge prolific life-changing moments
although they obviously do happen from
time to time life is about the little
things you know the big moments will
calm themselves but you got to enjoy
every single little moment that's I
think the last four years of these vlogs
it's basically the last four years of my
life and it just shows me appreciating
the real things
it's mental isn't it that's four years
of my life on video anyway I see you
guys later gotta go downstairs
thanks for watching again well I do
another four years but
