what you got there oh I know I always
got something in his nose let me get
that Johnny Unitas boogers you want to
eat are those boogers
oh you touch it morning friends day
you're going to blue water so last night
we were informed that blue water is
sitting about half an hour so away and
apparently it's supposed to be Nazis
apparently twist to be amazing so we
said you know what let's do it let's do
it maybe we'll find a bed that was
pretty good idea we didn't actually get
any idea by the way after all of that oh
my goodness
mental day but now we've seen everything
we can disorder it online so we know
what everything tastes like it feels
like not right huh yeah hi little man hi
little man how are we doing excited I'm
gonna little road trip adventure
yourself I stuck yourself in there huh
you man middle man hi
okay what what what is going on
alright I gotta go find your sister you
stay there okay alright this is not
Mountain Pointe guys
grazie I think they just missed like the
best part of it cuz I'm a yes the ocean
is hot but that is insane
like it looks like a proper American
mall
and this isn't the big one yeah no she
was saying water sex on yellow tape I
don't I can't remember right now got me
confused but yeah this is blue water how
do you know I'm not I'm just gonna drive
you know a pirate adventure oh my god
there it is why oh my god crazy go knock
Jonathan it's like it's like an actual
look yet 36-hole event your golf course
open here regard I want to do that sorry
I don't water that the kids can call
they're not really the right age huh you
have to wait a little while will you
make some fun in your aquarium I know it
looks very like I can oh let me know
where to park
well maybe I'm formal time we're gonna
be here all day yeah looks like it
there's our baby and kids parking I
don't know I'm just gonna go say hi to a
door and you are hello
what were you asleep
look at you is that your hand you had
works part of the lake oh are those
dresses Popeye is he is he coming we
aren't gonna go like a jewel really John
Lewis can you say John Lewis don't
you're back there's your backpack I let
mom prepare you correctly since that'll
be wrong
hi
oh yeah nicotine years okay
yeah you always pick the best out but
now we're he's got a little mini golf
thing that's what we're aiming for hello
I know I know you're asleep good let me
just tell you this place is ginormous
seriously are you gotta be quick here
folks
I'll get left behind okay left behind
careful I'm gonna go to mention sugar
anything like coffee just go go go go go
quickly that's kind of cool isn't it and
we're back at it again so yeah
turned out Oh quickly quickly it turned
out that that's this whole place is just
trying to expand you can move up I think
where we wire was small and then what
yeah listen where is the UH where's the
actual shopping center place or is it
like a retail part oh okay look John
Lewis and there's a shop this way so uh
let's say let's get better try first
time in a big English super-marv mall
and we just totally lost weight every
single day we're getting lost this
country so big Sunanda shop sign is back
this way we walked all the way over here
Oh
I think my tactics you have to go to the
hell point I can't figure this out
unless you go to here is it I figured in
it
I find this thing folks drop us that way
John Lewis that way we're gonna make it
I'm gonna make it are now yeah you water
five hundred million miles later oh my
God look at this place
it's so big look at this sign here it's
drawing the end
ah the cookers in the frat days oh my
God look at them they're so cool
you can have just one cookie
yeah sure just get a little boxing yeah
I get them underway all good boy okay
that's what you need to me to make a
Sunday I want to see this okay or this
so we're trying to find something where
like this too much selection like this
is every restaurant I've ever eaten in
my life has been all stuck into this one
place here and it's like how am I
supposed to take somewhere on the field
ignorance Oh YUM
so we hate your face called giraffe tiny
it's like a kid's butter than that if
it's inside the door it's so cool look
at the rental boat there's the mini-golf
thing we're looking at I mean yeah is it
cheesy we made it up to the second floor
and we found this upper Guilford all
right oh my gosh seriously sorry she
told us a little bit boring art oh this
is all just a little bit boring he just
woke up he's like yawning away yawning
oh don't get it oh sorry sorry sorry so
daddy's gone to the bathroom so mommy's
going to go
check out Paperchase and I've got the
two kids some hopefully they will behave
and then Starbucks is right next door so
they have also have a Paper Chase in our
town cool but a lot of Paper Chase is so
cute little bit before what sir oh I've
never tried one before don't make it
late you can skip ahead yeah yeah yeah
we're gonna be away oh dude I swear I
promise though London baby you can call
that you could do that now excited to
get a card thing for it's for the star
book thing because I figure we're going
to be at free quenching quite a lot you
know one of our children isn't eating
one of our cheese's I took a few sweet I
know nobody they smart nobody say
anything and I went into Paper Chase
there was a few issues okay I was near
to time so come here to get frappe it's
just a separate elevator break you guys
need that hey look this is a pre-k min
yeah look where do you think we found
you a edge so I want to get some new
cushions for our couch I feel like the
old cushions are kind of not that great
anymore but I want to get a little bit
of some beige and then some like of this
color thing for that color I'm not
really sure what
huh we're king and queen thank you
what I've got so far I kind of gave up
on the aqua color that's cool I like the
middle looks like one of those old rice
bags or something yeah I'm not sure what
that one there there's this too but
that's more like great okay seriously
exciting the fresh area Netivot fine
only goodness the two of them they just
spawn each other off like one Criers the
other guys like oh they're like like is
there something that we could do I think
it's people I don't have a kid yeah they
don't understand as it's a something
that we could do about it we're getting
there like other parents you have kids
we kind of like looking sure to give
each other to not like yeah but I said
again I understanding
Oh cheap crying like a little car if
they were in tune and they bought her
lovely harmony would be nice
that's my spot on people are like Ruta
better I know I am already suffering I
don't need your judgment in top of
million suffering are you guys ready for
the big reveal of our cushiony push me
like tada
I'm so happy I mean it's like the one
thing in this room that actually is done
but at least it's something
right so that's what it looks like and
then we're going to set up this gym for
Eduardo its hang pictures up and also we
need a coffee table
I'm going to raw mirror and
and it's kind of done actually Oh an
armchair that was the other thing I
wanted to get um yeah so I'm happy with
my question I don't know how long even
last like this because of the crazy dogs
and I'm sure Jonathan will throw them
all off when he sits down here at night
but for now they look pretty
hello hello you can hear you shouting
away boo boos is your footsore what
certain ones walking around shopping
today
you should use it off now hmm no man
stairs
turtleman stairs maybe watch some Peppa
she'll your noise Peppa Peppa mm-hmm
yeah mi Erica and Omar and mama and Dada
and Tito Adam hard oh yeah Leah yeah
grandpa
I don't know rooty and Austin hey Uncle
Simon making dinner tonight
and I am making seafood chowder
well it's sweet corn and mussels chowder
so Jonathan is a bit scared off the
mussels I'm scared too because they look
like this and they look kind of crazy
and I clean them and kind of like I
don't know I've just I've never cooked
mussels before I love seafood and
mussels but Jonathan is a little bit
apprehensive because he I don't think
he's ever had them before not like that
anyway so I'm kind of like oh should I
have just gotten the pre in the pre
taken out ones on pre shelled ones but
the recipe calls it so hopefully they
smell very strong very pungent smell but
um fingers crossed this would be good
guys it I made it because I'm trying to
mix it off for Jonathan as well like and
do some potato dishes so we'll see but
I've got my chopped apart see my cream
and then this is obviously the in here
we've got potatoes sweet corn celery
bacon so there is bacon in there so even
if he doesn't like the mussels hopefully
he'll like this this is going to boil
for about ten minutes and then we're
gonna add the mussels and hopefully not
ruin the whole entire thing
bye-bye all right adds we're gonna cut
the grass look we gotta melt em border
in 40 was a pretty good ass off rifle
but I like the petroleum one to get a
push to Prime oops
leave em to them French but I guess a
petrol one which is grandi because the
garden is as quite large large and in
charge we never showed you this
yesterday but this is the stroller how
awesomely retro and cool is this thing
huh comes with a free handbag John
that's good at using but look at it and
it's so cool I'm sorry we started bloody
putting me yet over there now we started
putting a media in a double store now so
we'll find it we'll find time to start
use missing um we're going to take it to
blue water today but look who we didn't
make a change or falling
sleeping with a reporter in New York but
isn't already cool-looking so like you
know like retro or something like it
like an old pram from a vintage II era
this is the palm parking this is a prime
prime prime parking hmm did it turn in
the city this is what happens - OH
chowder it's chowder oh---but fantastic
tib-fib for Biba be by them you go beeps
yeah uh do you need a break
did mommy given me a fright hi
a little friendly man a little friendly
ofin highly highly highly highly
okeydoke hello you so teach Mr Man huh
you're so cute little man isn't he you
should you cute little baby she's such a
cute little review for this miles in
what it is miles you put in a smile oh
he's fine is miles
oh goodness once and you put is miles
huh hmm you followed us miles knees
hello yeah that's my son in case you
didn't know how are you son
yes I never gon take friends and thanks
again for watching their episode of
Circle Jolie's and check out this n say
look you got Peppa
we got Gaston Gaston I got our dough me
and Mia I saw people actually a comma
where someone said I thought you guys
weren't going to give your kids like
shorten their names
yeah that's what we said we're
definitely not I know to me Amelia's the
media and Eduardo is Eduardo but Emilia
named her
self Biba that is actually I didn't come
up with nickname we didn't decide to
call her something you know cuz then it
wouldn't be organic where this B bat is
organic and our dough is because
immediate named Eduardo our dough when
he starts talking maybe he'll come up
with his own different name or something
like that you know which i think is so
cool B Bernardo you know it's one of
those things that are pretty stick to
them to life think it's so cute anyway
guys thanks so much and tomorrow
oh my god today's the 13th of June
tomorrow's the 14th of June 14 to June 4
years ago on my first video Mentos
Mentos what you do to separate lives in
comments and suggestions say it solves
alright see you guys tomorrow
bike
