morning guys welcome to murder beautiful
foresty place I am in Grafton Park I
think everyone I might be Surry Hills
stuff that's like um you know I found
this place here and I'm just sitting on
the bike right now trying to work it out
so I am here I'm trying to figure out
where I should go
this one looks quite good you know I did
don't look I brought their sat-nav with
me
he can't stay get lost again this time
she won't have to turn data roaming on
we're gonna meet these guys anyway this
place is huge
I think I have a head down that way that
little road that in there that'll leave
me down here somewhere and hopefully I
end up somewhere nice this is kind of
cool look hop garden not wood all right
let's go so I thought it would be nice
before Jonathan if I organized his
closet for when he came home come on
let's go oh
let's go organize Danny stuff rich
daddy's clothes so it looked all messy
before I always forget to do the before
shot but I organized it somewhat Hugh
doesn't have a lot of space I mean he he
does have space but he doesn't have any
hanging space that's kind of a problem
but anyway I'm just doing what I can
with the things that can be folded
obviously his suits can't so I'm gonna
have to figure something else out for
that Hey good girl hello
that's daddy's tools okay you won't
touch them now anyway that's what we did
for dad so I'm actually not gonna say
anything to him I'm just gonna wait
until he comes home and see if he
notices because he's probably gonna take
a shower and he's probably gonna go
looking for a vest and underwear so I
just won't say anything and then wait
for his surprise cost a fortune
how cool is this this wonders me look so
cool oh my god if this is what looks
like war trenches much are you seeing
over here no wait is that just like drop
down oh let's put by foreign therefore
thank you love here oh yeah that's like
what's electric oh my goodness
you serious you ass a few comments
history on this vlog you know I know I
told people I'm thinking in Hornet I
just think like I've never been here
before and I'm really excited to be here
I'm not saying
England is any way better than Arland
you know what I'm like they're talking
about in the plague I said oh my god it
sounded like this is not it's like
that's my interpretation you know
because I'm excited to be here and I'm
excited how amazing it is and alright
you know I'm just like I love to
appreciate the Rose he's get excited
about the little things you know and
some people hate me for instantly will
give me crap for I'm just like I just
meant to be enjoy the life is meant to
be excited about things you know and
play in the playground was amazing you
know I'm like that's so cool like this
is this is so cool like oh my goodness
look up Eve I got what you feel I get it
Wow
oh my god what is this I think this is a
new stroller but I think it's like a
special like vintage one my god
or like a clock oh it looks so cute
sad it's a new stroller revita
I'm gonna so just came down I'll pass
this a huge gated fence or something
like this we get that last year look at
this Center that's so cool I've
presented in your cooperation something
and it's so cool
Padma use my head
look who's we're in the shade you can
actually see oh it's perfect something
to shade here you see well good night
that would speed of Surrey Hills if
you're talking about so amazing this is
the gate that I came to it took me a few
minutes to figure that it's like it's
unlocked because I think is like Frank
yes like unlock it and we lock it though
so yeah oh I don't think we were meant
to open that oh look what it says happy
Father's Day to the best dad in the
world
lots of love casado
so look this is Eduardo's new car seat
for I think this one's gonna be from my
car well I want it in my car anyways all
balloons you want to take them out
no further for Dad and then this is I
think this is double show her I'm not
really short but this is the booba I
just I can't take it out it's too heavy
and then we've got a nice big space as
well
hold on hold on okay hold on there you
go balloons for daddy don't work because
every time okay maybe we put them in his
office
uh-oh the star went up Sarah I can get
it lost again
well that's why I brought this hat
enough so I'm driving around it's like
the rent and I cannot for the life of me
figure out where who I am I'm gonna hell
the car was this does appear to be
happening quite a lofty you know what
it's actually quite fun fly tippers
but that has a flight paper why do I
have to be really what's the flight
dipper the dangerous okay I'm gonna keep
going this way all right yeah see Ryan
up I don't get out we don't get to buy a
fly hopefully along the way oh here we
go we got a road let's feel like a main
road though hi
oh here's a sign public by way what does
that even mean
no yeah for me no the neighbor's dog
about the door oh well we got a stroller
what I can't take it too heavy that's
where the balloons came from
Eduardo's new car seat Wow that gets
here
did you tell them about what it was all
for why you find anything
well what trunk asado yeah yeah but
there newbie guide to being right up in
a magazine and stuff
well we didn't know that yeah yeah and
now this one he wanted all the Instagram
pictures of me him to be in the garden
itself so like my official title now is
father of the month botany or
cauliflower year I think it's a year
yeah I wouldn't this this it's called
the UBA is it a double stroller yeah
okay I've never done this before in my
life I've never ever are you doing are
you guarding some bread for you it's the
birds anyway I've never cooked for it
through the over like bread into a
burrito before I know you're not really
supposed to put bread in but that's all
I have right now so I hung up this
little bird feeder that I got from a
viewer over hope this isn't okay
this little bird fear is so cute little
cupcake from a viewer so I'm gonna put
some bread in showers nothing Charlotte
Melia like let's go in there button for
you behind you all right comes iron my
clothes
one must iron one's clothes I know I'm a
stickler for the ironing you know what I
mean so some pros that off with some
things I don't mind you know crinkly and
crumbly but ironing our t-shirts or this
is kind of cool little adventure I know
each party put a towel underneath it but
I'm being lazy lazy lazy actually how
can I be lazy I just did like 500
million miles I go in the scorching heat
appeal hi
all right so I stuffed it with bread
hopefully the birdies will come I think
that's okay I don't think there's
anything wrong with that
hi we're having some lunch now come on
let's go inside look at the dogs
scavenging I think there's poop stew
pick up - we need to do that gonna help
on me today I worship Oh naptime's it's
that time of the day when Amelia i'ma
stay big night
I'd like to stay awake and cause some
trouble but unfortunately my little eyes
are calling me to sleep won't get in
there definitely want to get in there
alright I shall not argue let's open
this okay you're here excited for a bad
time night night be left high fever
you've got pee pees oh hey check oh you
do got pee pees gonna have my fees in
here no no my fees in there
oh no I'm gonna have to go downstairs
and get an IV I love you you're Larry's
friend you're hilarious friend okay
let me take this off you don I gotta go
I'll be back I gotta get your pee pees
gotta get your bb's before you're over
there hold on yeah
just me my little pal here hanging out
so we're heading out laters you don't
come to whoa
we're all so exhausted oh my goodness
all right friends we're going out we're
going out at dinner date are we eat Oh
EO
fortune you guys can't come you have to
stay here in my new house with the
doggies all right so let me know if
there's any mischief going on don't
worry we'll take the kids so all you
have to do is look after these doggies
come on inside
I'm gonna put you into the basement so
you can wait in there look at them up
try to get in enjoy my balloons
okay don't drink all the wine I'll see
you guys in a bit
maybe he's in a big balloon so we are we
ended up staying out a lot longer than
expected way past your bedtime wasn't it
Wow oh really
well we spotted some things anyway
immediate went under trampoline for the
first time everyone was it epic
did you like the trampoline sorry to
riot or dangers like oh wait a second
what's going on there may have been
photon I phone saying hello she's
holding a Hello Kitty are you okay see
you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
