oh look we're trying today lads
we chose calm wait rolls we've never
ever had way to a super never had Tesco
and we shop the Morrison but we're
trying this like online shopping and see
bags we have to do a comparison with all
the different shopping guys I know
time's up
I know I don't that smell in kitchen our
fresh flowers I'm so happy I'm so
relieved and I did a meal plan for the
week oh my gosh she's gone she's gone
off the rocker delicious clam oh yeah
they need to go in the fridge and then a
neck of land and thankful that I was
able right offer you you've gone off in
their lab boys easily gosh no muscles
I got an echo clap see this is what I
wanted I really wanted our fridge to be
like full you know it was killing me
that like we didn't have anything I got
all these herbs but eventually we'll
probably have a couple of perfect ones
because I'm using them so much in
cooking now so but yeah that was really
impressive I was really impressed with
him
I like today I liked it a tree so polite
he was polite that's nice but so I just
had a lengthy look our post came through
it comes Nick neatly wrapped up and
stuff so the post it is lovely she was
like I didn't want to open the guy cuz
you had a little dog and she know pretty
lucky in life I've seen her a couple of
times I've kind of said Hydra but they
have like it shows a little caddy you
know she's gonna go drive on that's
daddy
like when she's really nice chinder
telling me all about the area my
chopping place you gotta like everyone
so nice so we are in Sweden right now
which a lot of people actually mention I
think mentioned for shopping that it's
really good
the only reason we're here right now is
because of life yet don't we need to get
furniture this word dying in our global
fed I love my lower bed but I hate my
brother it would be great for like
camping or some more like yeah it's only
like for one night your mates guys like
that perfectly fine actually
but like when you're breastfeeding your
baby and there's three of you in the bed
and you're a married couple and it's
just like it's not comfortable at all on
your moving and I'm up at night and
moving around although he's really good
here
he has actually can see for like once at
one time a nice once
yeah well yesterday he drove it bro but
but apart from that he teaches half is
my dude you got it dribbling unto me
don't touch me Oh get off me
Oh what are they for
I saw them from
like up ahead yeah yeah
welcome to Scandinavia mmm where it was
in Switzerland sweet sweet sweet oh look
I'll here it is I need to say hello in
Swedish
we're going here I think so slight drop
the car and look to get it a ballad hold
on get all the Irish dirt office I
thought it came in as he pulled up in as
I thought nice big make mine look like
he came in we put my good leg squish
it's so sunny the shopping centers is an
airport
this place oh you can drop them in and
go shoppin Cena here I drop them in and
go shopping to get a tag of a cloakroom
this place is
Oh see any downside to Ikea
although honest and on the side I think
you can app you can hire a guy to come
out and actually build it that is a nice
bed Oh what about that
okay this kids organic menu so cool ah
cool oh I'm sorry miss most being around
all day we're in here all day like let's
keep the car we're not going home we are
home yeah
Arno's yeah I don't even know what's
going on there is it testing a bomb or
something the bomb test it's a bomb
testing machine somebody intended to
bomb tester are we going the right way
yeah yeah keep on trucking this way it's
gonna let you soon always love those
floor mats knows a kid he's have little
cars to play with and stuff on them nice
let's get one each I'm gonna do it too
what is it I didn't know face inside her
which you get huh I was going to get
petition ships cuz everybody is buying a
fish and chips but I went to Swedish
meatballs and said because like I'm in
Sweden actually at least have their
meatballs
Carlos is having a nice time over there
by himself abandoned would you have a
blue California Raisins
please dairy d cheese yeah this is nice
little snack box would you go to numbers
and then these monsters here I couldn't
be resisted I'll read for an old school
of hot coffee that if you oh cool
healthy under here Amelia's learning at
the push our dough
you're gonna go again go
push him along good job I'm crushing to
anyone it's an important job
oh how you doing out one hand strong so
we just actually met the first year I
was wondering who is going to be the
first person to be a few viewers that
they had seen it since we've it they'd
seen us where else first person come up
and say hi to us in IKEA in Croydon huh
yeah which one night night night night
movie what that's really good that would
look pretty nice in her room yeah yeah
yeah we're just party just prioritize
what we need and that's pretty cool on
the kids bad look Amelia I mean Anna did
you see him
hello oh you starting school doing your
school table in chair huh
excuse me mr. Cornejo Lee mr. Cohen
could mr. k√∂nig earlier please come to
the office with the bagging coach mr.
Collins will you please sit on your seat
that's the kind of room they stopped
making a mess this eventually do not
pick up your chair mr. Courtney Charlie
you're going to be one of those ASBO
kids give me this
where you going this isn't a wheel
sitting room
Divac oh hi how about this one yeah no
we found it okay so I'm officially lost
in Ikea seriously we can't actually find
a way out of here like you need like a
month to get around here and GPS or
something so sorry Google not or
something
hey that's handy look for like putting
your stuff together and then like rutile
bucks
yes Ryan come on me yeah you trapped in
there for hours look easy down myself
Abed since we came in I think I think
who owns that kid okay I'm a wandering
the streets equated so the car valeted
guys don't take cards they take cash I'm
trying to find a cash point here
somewhere oh I think I saw one near
McDonald's I don't know where exactly
near McDonald's he was firing till
there's no sandwich policy okay I got
some fully colored paper some perfectly
colored paper okay they accept purple
color paper now I have to walk like
seven million miles Michael Drake here
oh look electronic car tyre tiny
I got it was fine I feel like like a
hundred miles I know so I've been
wanting to do an organize our closet for
ever and it's like oh it's such a mess
right now
well actually it doesn't look that bad
right now because i just took a load of
stuff out but i think this is going to
be my club we don't have a lot of closet
space because it's an old house so they
don't have really built-in wardrobes
like this is the only one and then
there's a tiny tiny one in Jonathan's
study so that's obviously going to be
his but it's kind of hard to like
organize because he doesn't have any
hanging space so I don't know what we're
gonna do about that but um I mean I
could technically gave him some hanging
space but I don't want to because then I
won't have any um yeah so I just have
dresses here Mike low-res my clothes
there I've got a whole bunch of scarves
that's probably gonna be pants and I
don't know shoes and scarves
maybe there's also up here
okay that could be shoes I suppose or
linens we don't have a linen closet and
then there's here too so I don't know
it's really confusing I have to figure
it out so this was all in boxes and I
just came up here but I didn't realize
how bad it was I think Jonathan was
looking for something and he just ripped
out all the bedsheets the curtains just
everything is like trashed now it wasn't
all him but so this is definitely a
bigger job than I kind of realized oh my
god oh I don't know if I could do this
today I really wanted to but now I'm
just like exhausted just looking at it
like seriously
o M G yeah let's go on justin bieber
justin bieber justin bieber what's going
on no no nuts she hopes this hat for our
end what is the linear what are you
doing
okay doing what if mom found this huh
what happened a mommy came in here
pounds eating this oh oh she would say
the messy I see it mate yeah it's empty
what I'll just put it on to that where
and shame nice
so far this is what it looks like all my
shoes are up there um heels are down
there yeah I'm exhausted I have to get
dinner on the go so this project will
have to wait until tomorrow
but I'm glad at least I got started on
it we just need to get some more
furniture for storage and something like
that because right now it's just not a
lot of space but at least I did
something
this is a mess and I ran out of hangers
and there's more hangers upstairs but
I'm just frazzled right now I need to
get Dinner started
you never do it you laugh it away she
knows enough anymore is it gonna be
worried smiles
yeah there is Theatre is yeah I know I
know little man no no no little man he's
so cute hmm you on the other hand a
whole different story
I know be by baby so I'm not sure how
everybody's gonna like this because it's
a raw pasta dish um but I think it's
really nice for summer so here's what
the raw like tomato sauce I suppose
looks like and then I'm just gonna cook
up the past a pot I just don't know
about
yeah I like it maybe I should like it
because there's tomatoes in it
Jonathan doesn't like olives so we'll
see I hear mr. man
Thank You Man food spoils you so smiley
of late who's all smiley exactly go
there it is there's the smiley man
Oh taking all the clothes off friend huh
tres petite elephant oh this particular
pod
tres petite and of all trades particular
home choose fatty telephone do you think
do you think do you think you like we
even think of us would you even thinking
about a little headache now you thinking
who is this monster who is this little
monster this is much you don't know you
not know the little monster is only for
you oh geez
yes oh oh oh monster man what are you
doing
right say goodbye to your friends so I
can beat you say bye say bye say bye
dad's gonna beat me up
bye bye gonna get beaten up
hey guys and thanks for watching another
episode of the Ciccone Jolie's and don't
forget to like the video and favorite
the video because there would be awesome
haha
