regulate negativity regulate nativities
somehow you've just got enough to break
a limited routine
can you throw fruit candy Belarus
glory glory want to stop no one's
dancing style regulating a attempting
regulated activity somehow you just got
to know it's a big minute a bag
so good morning and welcome to another
fantastic day in the life of us and our
merry band of children and cake and I'm
gonna have and my meters going for tea
and crumpets with our girlfriends after
school today I know it being there's
been lots and lots of like catch your
blog today because like I think we
almost got a week ahead of ourselves by
accident notes and I was like oh my
goodness we're going to have flaws and
almost a week but we're back guess who's
back back again tell our friends what
logs today jugs Oh dogs and blogs it's
been a while guys since we did a vlog
but anyway we're we're almost caught up
winning our lures I know I know I know
thing they don't tell you about
parentally as is that you love the
children you love them my ball and it
gets worse as the colder
oh yeah quite a media site please excuse
my random hair I'm in the middle of
curling it but he's getting dressed this
morning can you say good morning good
morning and look who's got a front tooth
oh look at that can you guys say it's
peeking out it's broken through yeah
it's broken through gonna see yourself
again
yes it's broken through and the other
one is pretty much there but it's it's
coming it's coming so we're kind of
going through it right now she had a
pretty tough day yesterday pretty tough
day yesterday and so did I and then last
night we had a bit of drama where she
wouldn't feed she didn't take her a nice
feed last night I think her bedtime one
which made me really upset because it's
never happened before with any of my
children but she was just so like in so
much pain I think and also I had just
given her Cal Paul and she kept like
retching like she was gonna be sick I
don't think she likes the syringe at all
I think she's quite scared of it
actually so I think that kind of
traumatized her and then she just didn't
want to feed and it was just really
traumatic for like both of us like IO
got really upset I was like close to
tears but then this morning she woke up
in a good mood and she fed like normal
thank God thank goodness you can see it
in there yeah you can see it now can you
see it
oh my god it's so cute yeah all right
let's get dressed and then we'll show ro
so this is the outfit of the day
unless you didn't want to not be picked
up she didn't wanted to do this lame
dance we've got little sheepies sucks
isn't that cute
sorry go downstairs now let's go
downstairs and play until lunchtime
I need to better his hair them let me
turn off the monitor also got some new
clothes that's gonna be a whole are you
gonna film that today actually say hi
say hi here
oh these trousers aren't really loose I
knew what they're I think I need a belt
yeah it ended a little walk when Jeff
when you to watch why you look fine
grandpa or they call grandpa pants oh
that's great we can both climb in pants
for the family you know there's
boyfriend jeans or by family jeans you
can fit the whole family in the parish I
have one same thing fair ahamill Eduardo
like some pure boxy stuff has come guys
look into your look you go sent me a
home Google actually sent me a house and
I said Google huh listen sweets piranha
there's no there's no sweets for
Jonathan though there's just two boxes
for Anna
Nevaeh meets grumpy cat Eduardo who
loves these where's swap books oh we
have a story about Eduardo water got in
trouble today in school
you wanna tell them what happened that's
right it's very dramatic even come on
are you sure yeah I get something you
think we should share this why are we
gonna humiliate our son you know what it
worked out come here for a second hello
there to our dough so Eduardo do you
want to tell the boys and girls at home
what happened in school today what did
you do did you get in trouble in school
today
did you guys alright did you go on the
side cloud did you get expelled from
school today did you get put in
detention did you get suspended
tell the boys and girls what happened
it's okay you won't get in trouble you
won't get in trouble so we'll have a
little look up here it's having a look
up here can I just see the top of your
head please can I just have a little
look at the top of your head please
well I well if there's nothing if
there's no problem can I not just see
the top of your head please no so in
wardo was playing hairdressers in school
today and he got a scissors and what
happened
no nothing he didn't chop a big lump of
your hair off huh and then it fell off
and you should get off right you're like
what why did my hair fall off my head
they're so funny he chopped a big lump
of his own hair off today in school and
he got in trouble but then you're a
really good boy for the rest of today so
you got owned in troubled but you can
see it here well we're up here just
we're gonna have to cut this off here to
make it even no okay Eduardo and AH
you're going to rugby you okay
okay good boy punish it and burn these
boots they're suede and it's kind of wet
yeah Amelia and I are going to an
afternoon of tea yeah
you're my car okay and you go no you go
in immediacy okay go on baby
excuse me I'm gonna shut the door so
media has got an afternoon tea you wish
all the girls and her class only the
girls because there's not a lot of girls
in your class so that's gonna be really
sweet we need to rush come on let's go
come on then with your little tattoos
your tattoos are so cool show me your
horsey one can you show the one on your
leg
show me the horsey one oh let me see Wow
that is so cool yeah okay come on we
need to walk good boy
rugby into school collect Amelia Eduardo
just informed me that there are monsters
in the grades is that what he told you
daddy told you that there are monsters
thanks Jonathan
oh goodness that's not very nice okay
is that right if you see a monster open
its door in front of you you have to run
interesting John could that be the
reason why you keep coming into my mean
W at night
oh so that you're to bomb your
would you need to get the very best on
your really agree know state-of-the-art
TV and music - yes industry beating
radio studios yeah guys you know we're
in Glasgow tomorrow did I tell you that
I don't know maybe I have oh my goodness
while you're watching this oh hi hi
there
if I can take a left-hand turn we're
gonna be okay but until until I take a
left
alright mister you did open a G oh no oh
no wait oh wait oh oh no oh no come on
to bed
just then your feet are stuck so how was
it gonna be today
mommy's I am like tea and crumpets with
Amelia mm-hmm what was rugby good today
it wasn't yeah what boring boring boring
traffic boring boring boring traffic we
are stuck in boring traffic Donna way
home from school
boring boring boring traffic boring
boring boring traffic we are stuck in
traffic on our way home music played
who's got the power whoa show me your
tattoos Eduardo got some tattoos today
hey show me your tattoo come back come
back here come back
Eduardo saucony Jolie raro has fixed his
hair problem by putting a swimming hat
on huh you're very cute mister huh where
did you get a shot hair talk to your
teacher stone he said it was okay though
okay and hate you know what they asked
me to do your teachers asked me when I
come into your classroom and read the
great cat nap to you and all your
friends what well as well as B there's
loes in mind you but would you like your
daddy to come in come here to me would
you like your dad
come into your classroom and reach the
box all your girlfriend's with that be
cool
I'd like to do that let me see a cheap
guy did you see you see Alessia Grusin t
so are you gonna be sad that we're going
to stop she who makes all the bees cone
it's not going to be any bees the bee
man came remember what do you not like
mommy and daddy go away yeah yeah also
we have to you see you know all the boys
and girls I watch my videos we have to
go and say hello to them gonna be nice
to say hello to them what's he saying
Eduardo is completely naked right now
hello yeah somehow you just gotta break
a limited routine
can you throw fruit tiny fill the fruit
glory glory what to stop no one's
getting stuff ready
regular activity somehow you just got to
know it's a real angels a singing
everywhere bigshot could see big shap
let's see some by the baby
she just singing I think my right is the
end of the night and look he's alright
Eric a cue staying here to mind the kids
and she brought an hour present who is
that Ralph himself
mm-hm what you get now yeah do is my
birthday present baby oh what's that
that's my line Oh what is that if your
mom oh oh I was like you can't just put
something in a Ralph Lauren bag and then
it turns out it's from like pennies from
Primark t-shirt oh my god Oh Christmasy
yeah cinnamon ears I'm really nice
mm-hmm that's good that'll look nice too
said her Christmas tree Oh
is it Eric is just back from a London
blogging event look at her little
blogger that's so you you have so many
check shirts you could wear that
tomorrow for the meeting greedy yeah
actually yeah could she do you ever
shirts just like that yeah - all the
ciccone girls were check shirts do you
want you of this yeah no but you wear
check shirts like country shirts mmm
like country shirts hey goodbye friends
I'll see you tomorrow because we're
going to Scotland Erica thank you money
kids
