hi why you doing in here in here what
are you doing in here oh hey what's that
using styrofoam balls morning folks our
horn and friends and pet come to the
place yeah what I don't but baby be by
bus
yeah let's be a beaver has her bats even
though it's called a shower no can you
say shower although I have our dough
sleeps in here I need you to fill in our
baking videos today so she's trying to
find all the ingredients but you're
sending me off to get the ingredients
which is a Sarah scary concept because
sometimes I come back with the wrong
things all right I didn't want to send
you off and I'm expecting a phone call
at 11:00 and we are mobile mobile
telephones okay the land lights like the
old days yeah all right so okay no good
I didn't have to do this part I think
they have this game look you do yeah run
- crazy air bed
yeah bed of doom look it slowly it
slowly squishing it's so discussion we
need to get a bad sort of lunch so we
need the untangle sources uh-huh get
everything sorted
why oh I gotta go yeah hello there's
been a lot of requests are we ready even
donkeys Matt down here whatever like
know what everyone's what I'm like
one night the dogs are left barking and
scratching at the door like every night
I'd like midnight they held and barked
at the door there's nothing down here
lads it's too scary we're just you fine
going here right is this what you guys
wanted to see what do you mean you
wanted to go in here last let me tell
you right and you guys watch Doctor Who
you know the TARDIS controller I don't
know if you noticed but every house in
England is made with the TARDIS
controller as we see here if I polis
will actually change to another
dimension there's a every British home
that's one of them inertia that
originally was um a field here and then
someone used the TARDIS device one time
none of you is not that good this is my
office we're headed this box
I don't push left me that here she locks
the door we're back she locked and I
couldn't open
okay it's like that fake window thing
goes just joking man that was freaky
Amita is not funds of advertising we
have to wait for the ads to go to Java
it's nearly over
it's nearly over it's nearly oh oh I
think you're just messing up oh oh we're
gonna ride is another ride
I think your message oh my goodness
that's bad it's pretty bad folks it is
just pouring down
Johnathan's gone kindly gone out to get
my cupcakes boys because this was kind
of a mess I mean if I could not do this
excuse me if I could not do this today
like with the moving and everything I
mean
Thunder oh my god
the dogs are freaking out there's the
old fine Wagner we've come accustomed to
I was wondering what was I making
concern I was like laughter we drive to
the wrong country if he's a little bit
just a little bit too sunny in England
oh my god we by a mistake by passing
then and then like arriving cher Berg
and then drive down to champagne yeah or
something like that because it was way
too hot but no yeah it's okay it's okay
it's lashing rain all right yeah let's
add let's go in and do some shopping
let's see if I can find out of this
because if I can't I'll be sleeping in
the garage tonight lads the garage oh my
god I'm expecting a phone call and it's
kind of important and like I said I only
have the headphone we don't have mobile
yet and I come down from getting me a
clothes upstairs and she was playing
with the phone so I hope they call
although they're supposed to call me at
11:00 so it's probably all right but
it's like oh my god I can hear her going
hello hello hello
and I was like I won't know what she's
saying hello pork she was on the phone
hopefully she shouldn't call somebody
anyway this is the outfit that I've
picked for her it's really cute sweetest
big sister and then these little prints
from what is his friend Jojo my mom baby
I love that friend and then a mini Bobo
and some slippers socks because we can't
find her slippers any work and she's
going around in bare feet so bad okay
not you not okay that's easy uh-huh
you've got a booger in your nose it's
disgusting yeah whether I'm the mother
monster give me a virus I'm here
marijuana
bridle rizzardo my little brown eyed
children yeah where's my green eyed
children look at his face he's like very
serious matter but seriously he always
okay which one now whoa Oh No
I mean II mean I mean it was already a
meeple okay no no so pretty
I know I always make that mistake - I
was close on Miley oh that's so cute
oh my God look at this no he looks
horrible
no see buzz it's not Eduardo that looks
so terrible
I actually didn't look so wrong come on
my first bike ride a bike friend hey
back friend get your shorts on and look
what I found
Wow windmill use electricity and realize
these windmills how cool is that though
I was just blown through the countryside
here and there look how much countryside
it is um so at we live in a place called
Surrey exam it's like a County just a
little bit below and London so I know
sometimes I said I called and in London
we're good as joking it's just because I
say London because I know most people
who live outside of Europe may actually
know what I'm saying I'm like all it
isn't Surrey so that's why I always say
London so I know who knows Thomas like
no longer said I know
London I'm just in it because it's more
relevant but slums like ten minutes
hours on that anyway this is a way
better deal of Surrey is gorgeous
it's just like I leave the house in
about ten or fifteen minutes over just
in the middle of like mountains and
fealty no mountains will take you far
some seals and tracks in our windmills
this is mental oh my goodness
nobody fit as a fiddle this is the north
fiddle by here's countries I miss many
countries Heidi look at the valley over
these two roads
oh okay how's that uh had a breath
psyching up Hill was blogging may not
may not work out well what I looked in
their Google Maps I think is a big
forest up here - I have some mountain
biking trails okay thank you super muddy
but it was totally worth it
look at this what isn't incredible
friend talk to Dan it's so cool-looking
oh my goodness what's all over here
completely muddy its it goes up here too
I'm laughing there we go those hilarious
right just one heck over the top of that
first thing okay I'll stop going down
any bike or any man or bike your nose
right you're going downhill you're
flying downhill do you never guilty if
you're gonna have to go back uphill at
some point I knew I knew it I just go
down we go like I know it's going to end
bad
remember ladies you know how awesome is
this place first place is amazing for
biking I'm in love with the countryside
who knows besides incredible or Surrey
or whatever the hell maybe it's all like
this is it
Oh God then you guys live in Surrey give
me some comments or hit me up on Twitter
and let me know - bike trails the best
bike trails to go to or bike parks
wherever you guys got you probably have
somebody have proper biking stuff here
I'm gonna operate around flowing down a
hill and I kept going and going to
garner it was so much fun no like stupid
like look at me I'm like funny can't see
why am I covered in mud and we lose so
worth it good long I kept like about
five miles uphill on the road cycling to
get bike
oh my god it's like in of a movie or
something okay sighs I've totally lost
we're completely lost
oh and then this man fell it was like so
much fun and then in the middle of
nowhere and then I was like I actually
and I've no idea what I ended up towards
the motorway and then it was I was on
the road to Brighton the East said
whatever isn't you wrote the bright and
I was like this is not right so I have
to turn on data roaming and use the maps
to figure in a way to your back I was
like oh my digging on my phone or data
roaming oh my god they're incredible
though that's a sign in the grass yeah
it's so good that thing is dead isn't it
throw sand all right so cool well done
I'll wait a monster black way to
Father's Day eat them if you create
mobile tea by then wha
yeah that's we have neighbors for two
days
hi oh look he's awake
mommy's little helpers awake oh you want
to go out there oh look at it ready to
go okay huh want a cupcake in a copy
okay can i coffee copies for me gotta
catch up into 170 to 180 bitch you're so
busy wow you make them hate for daddy
are they for a new year
who are they for
I give you a special one on
Oh Oh get our shadow Nicky that's
walking we're gonna walk in the park huh
cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo whoa we're
fantastic fantastic
look I going to those signs
all right folks just a couple of rules
here no dog poop no littering no biking
or cars no golf no horse riding I think
you've got all them sorted now I think
we could not have moved to a better
place
Amelia look at this on our doorstep it's
incredible like it's so beautiful and
fuzzy and like really just just out here
all the time
this is so cool uh-oh mud mud we tried
to draw back you can to draw back
friends first annoyed okay carry on
what's gone hmm what's gone friend up
this warm wood this is a very important
experience or the child walk through
your first muddy puddle get the foot
barrier down there now get a ruby in
there yeah watch the bark whoa whoa whoa
good girl oh here's another one they get
in there
the bigger the splash the better whoa
don't fall oh my goodness I don't matter
me good wish mush thank you don't see Oh
Oh careful careful oh good this isn't so
much window Daisley careful careful this
might be just a bit too muddy
all right I'm holding her hand you can
watch her house with your hand okay it's
like they say this way
oh that he's not wearing his wedding
rings oh oh oh I need to get my turn Oh
squish squish squish squish is the
pepper does jumping up and down in muddy
puddles
what is it even lead he doesn't need the
leads
hmm and it turns out it doesn't lead to
leaves because I don't even know where
leads is getting other leads is that its
thing that I connect my TV to my
computer that's a lead hmm you guys live
in Leeds oh oh we should totally go to
Leeds this video is sponsored by Leeds
mm-hmm thanks so much for watching
today's video
it was very outdoorsy ask video but
that's what this bit oh my god it's so
nice right here literally like I just
kind of went off on the bike and I just
felt like roamed around I came across
all these like parks and forests and oh
my goodness I love it loves it so guys
thanks so much for watching today's
video and tune in tomorrow for more what
actually you know what I think I'm gonna
help I just asked on Twitter there
where's the boys are like the best
shopping center and stuff right here
because Hannah is having withdrawals
from actually shopping not like Monica
shopping today so I think we're to try
and hit that up so uh slowly lose bye
