my friends aa bit of a problem we have
no food so I just put into satin out
there a local I can do the Morrisons or
same features on there here and the
Tesco seems a bit well not far away but
I'm looking for some more convenient so
I am let's head out no but in here ready
didn't work about this button here we go
let's go let's go venture Farge forage
for eyes good morning guys sorry I'm
just
I mean oh he stares need to get used
them with a kindness deep and I cookie
I'm gonna fall so I'm so glad I'm not
pregnant in this house because that
would be scary but a hair in my nose so
last night we feasted on cleaning up so
that we could have the whole place
looking spic and span for dance tears so
I just vacuumed is my first time back
Ewing in the new house Eduardo's in here
a couple of you guys on the house tour
said you didn't like this room that it's
separate from the other and I can see
what you what you mean about like when
the kids are in here I prefer that and I
actually kind of think it's less
overwhelming of a space then in terms of
like decorating and stuff I feel like
that room is actually relatively easy to
decorate it's quite small
yeah oh here's a couple of things that
they don't obviously has you know go
show us wrestle
what
you can get like coffee in this
what
there's loads of stuff for the house
it's like oh my goodness I'm home we're
safe it's very good some convenience
store it was like all the wrong primes
and we can recognize any
today everything's like look like normal
a brand F nice breakfast ah I hate this
room so much this is Eduardo room a lot
of people are freaking out because the
guardo gets the biggest room they're
like why does it matter get today's room
he's the second child which i think is
really mean and I was the first child so
it's kind of mean but um he gets the
biggest room because he can um I just
think this room screams Emilia like as
soon as I saw this room I was like this
is Amelia's room like hands down it has
to be and then this room was like would
have been my second choice gets it you
know it's a cool like kind of loft area
for like a boy and I know it's huge
but you know they can use this whole
floor as like their play area as well as
they want to I'm not going to put them
in there because I just think it's too
small and it's a bit odd as well that
you I don't know there's something about
it that I don't like so um I hate this
right now but I'm just grabbing there -
I'm trying not to come up here as much
as possible because we're trying to just
like live in the areas that are actually
ready to live in I don't know why that
fine - either it's not real or anything
it's also very bent but I just put it
there for now because I don't really
know where else to put it and then we're
gonna move we're going to do um our the
second floor today we're going to sort
it out so I'm gonna just got the kids
clothes I got a knock me for it wonder
what I think I have so down here we're
gonna get them dressed and ready for the
day hi hi hi everyone hi everyone
I got food I got juice you got
everything everything whatever gonna
need mommy isn't give me rides I born
outside England I'm gonna let you in on
the secret
they've been hogging the peppa pig and
abandoned Holly episodes it's only
people with TV it's not learn about
India no is this because you never had
TV look at this university in Ireland
once all these new episodes of Ed and
Holly and happened stuff were like what
the hell haven't seen that episode in
years
Emilia Emilia Biba keep our rooms beats
Eva's room Steve as room here as room
gonna get so excited when she sees it
yeah oh yeah I spent ages up that I
didn't blog any of it because I was just
like on a mission mission and I finished
it salad it looks cute on day it just
meets furniture names
yeah well because I was pretty cool yeah
I just I just organize everything and
unpacked everything Rosie I did a little
bit organizing when I - not to your
standard now you know from go-tos jokey
standard she stop pulling me clothes off
what does that put on it cause I put on
me
Oh little English hooligan oh we're
going on a forest trail walk through the
garden it was like a little trail here
and if I'm not if I have my fellow bikes
over Danny guards like you could float
you here this is really nice like he's
at home with us huh
what have you found now hmm I don't
that's a nickel
it's a wandering child flourishes in the
forest spires I mean it'll spiders there
she doesn't care
Susan karolides we're in an adventure
we're in venture mode why are you going
cheap are you having the time of her
life
oh look you can peek over the wall what
happened here what happened here how did
that fall over uh-oh
Tito was a Tito oh no I must give I see
Tito for that come on now and you go
this is the ball girls room fun inside
that's what happens when your balls okay
you have to spend 20 minutes in there
okay see you later
bye hey come on this is one of the holes
that we found this is not how seen
escaped yesterday but we just we decided
we'll figure out something better
all right look look at all these he
voted yet together apparently yeah steel
who did that and he said that oh my
goodness
are you just my job I was gonna do that
yeah no I gotta lift it it's kind of so
Sun I feel like we're in Sorrento I know
that is Francesco is saying anything you
guys can tank us we clearly brought this
with us
well somebody did maybe Tito who brought
the good weather who was it
so where's the cover
sorry no girls allowed okay so we're
trying to understand the whole you get
like a mountain of bins and I understand
yeah goes in this one so what's the
small bin paper and cardboard paper and
cardboard check okay we've plenty - we
planted all right so then what's the
mixer cycling mistress mixed ik cans
glass tetra Paks and low boil okay well
is refuse or anything that can't be
recycled but that's only every other
week food waste if that was right was
i/o feeling right start putting
something that you put now this app is
not like food waste
it's biodegradable oh my goodness we're
gonna get in trouble okay
see I mean in Arlen do you have
recycling and non recycling yeah this is
lazy where are lazy gnarling cuz here
it's like you should recycle everything
pretty much everything this is only
collected every other week yeah
not for me bitch Linda we have today
what Oh she wanna do if you poop come
off
did you lose your boot I mean that you
trying to understand how that oral works
again this is what it's come down to
lads times are hard times are tough we
must rob extruder bins what are we
having for dinner what what is that oh
my there's a poop Oh remember that no
we're not Starbucks mocha I was amazing
Hey look there's some still in it that's
good right
oh I think cami
Oh finally she's left a really fun time
but we can let her sleep says like crazy
hi Biba how do you be back get up and
you know what and why don't daddy you're
downstairs what about daddy and Eduardo
badly I don't daddy
I do he's such a big girl so we just
interviewed um a has keeper slash nanny
like I said I don't I'm not really
looking for like a full time than you or
a full-time housekeeper it's just
somebody that can kind of help with both
also because this is such a big house
but I'm getting a little bit nervous
because Jonathan and I are going to be
working a lot this month especially and
I need somehow I mean I just need some
help with her and looking after her in
the mornings so that I can film you know
so it's just it's difficult to kind of
sort that out and I am getting a bit
anxious just because the lady that we
interviewed just now she was really nice
but she was like oh I can't start until
the week after next I was like no so I
don't know we're gonna do Biba huh I
have no idea it's hard because I just
don't know what to do but anyways I'm
gonna try and find somebody because I
think sooner rather than what I mean she
said she texts me but I think we need
someone sooner to be honest cuz it's
gonna be busy busy busy busy
Wow
trying to convince Anna to buy a bed
where the button TV what do you guys
think huh huh
you guys think it would be so amazing we
found his TV these beds right and they
Haviland into the bed and you press a
button
oh man it 32 inch Samsung TV comes in
clear and I was like what's that mean I
was like my life has just been changed
forever
my life has changed forever and I just
think it looks terrible
what come on convince me be amazing I'd
be your best friend
we'd never have to talk anymore yeah
that's such a cool idea no isn't like a
TV building why he's so cool Ross look
I'm not trying to get dying here because
we need to sort at a dining table
because I tend to sit on the trip-trap
here and then on an Amelia I said up
here on the stills it's art well you
also need to put bids bet bids too bad
kids need to go to bed you need to have
your shower and go to bed friend huh in
your TV bed huh huh where are you going
where are you going Oh hmm
well buddy ohh oh ohh-oh-oh up a
jump jump oh we love bath time cat I
mean just no no no right word was
already five did you move our tortoise
pot oh it's put it oh oh yeah okay he
doesn't go on tonight Matt go changing
things I can eat Amelia's room is let's
make lotsa neat room Eva you coming up
to me ah there it is the lights on this
underfloor heating in every bathroom
Jack it up whoa
no it's not it's not so I sighs all
right folks
hi Amelia are you coming up you coming
up for a bath you coming up you can say
by my by never anybody's nuts all right
I should really have fun farewell as I
step into my portal whoa huh it's kinda
it's kind of funny in here it's kind of
funny sounding it sounded kind of funny
don't ya beware okay see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching
oh there it is breaking new friends okay
KC appear to be locked in the shower
bye it's been a while since we gotta buy
air to you why Vijay have you been very
busy
have you been very bit if you just not
got time for a body it's not what it was
got cook have you been doing too many
Coco's is that what it is
didn't give it a cooker is it Beavis
cooker alright guys see you guys later
thanks so much for watching I hope you
guys enjoy our adventure so far it's
London child man oh hello oh hello
you're so cute bye
good bye
