good morning from the new house morning
from the new house her name is now
closed she lives a lot new house she
likes to eat I'm not really sure what
they are you might want cereal on your
own what
so he's barking happy is like in the
vibe thing I wish make it bigger I could
open the thing we need to get a table I
hope that was fine
hello I know how did you get in there
aadhi aadhi varmints I'm solving I got
last night basic tried to get rid of as
many boxes as possible because you know
it was you wake up in our excuse
yourself
that is not how one acts in the Queen's
country and five how I apologize
people of England parties rowdy Irishmen
coming in hot the roughest I expected
more from you our fellow Londoner is a
breakfast amigo all right couple hours
later we're actually getting somewhere
oh my goodness look you took it I'll be
bad he just jumped into it he hasn't
made you sir I'll be over the land of
bloody hands for like all of us thank
you like yeah it's so much space I have
such a cute bag yeah it's not too huge
yeah get lost early the house is perfect
to that floor and like they have the
heated floors they like this all right
there and then for Amelia it's just so
cool it has a little hey there big girl
bedroom this is like nice so much work
lies I'm never moving again look at this
never again so nice and the weather
today lads oh my goodness it's gorgeous
so no thanks fan load of toys in the
fire
yeah the wood-burning stove all right I
think I'm gonna put all these in the
garage
Sam no I'm telling you the guys will get
Karen yeah but look I break them down
into this because we're going to get rid
of them I wanted to be in my carriage
joining me then could I see they're
gonna see 100 faced with less sugar -
faces why they going on me I'm going
there okay for another times I see
really scary we need to get a lot for
that I'm so scared she's gonna open it
like blue or the demons are gonna get
out so not to be a complete moan or
anything and not to drag this out but
like unboxing all the em the cleaning
product and I'm like almost in tears
away yes I come by every day crying so
no I'm sorry in your writing again I am
NOT when we were in the doctor's office
cuz I went to see my OB which you guys
totally missed I don't know we so we
went to the OB for my checkup oh my god
I can't look at that with my eyes going
funny uh but anyway and why is this in
that oh yeah and Jonathan was like do
not get a scan or something and I
totally had a moment where I was like
I'm so glad I'm not right right now
seriously but it is weird
everyone else is pregnant and you're
there like an idiot like I haven't not
an idiot foot know but you feel like I
have an empty belly everyone else here
has a full belly
uh oh no my mind it's full you're just
full of babies okay now all the stuff is
cleared from here but it's all here so
hold on I do we're just gonna do this
and then we're just get it done we're
just going to forget that every
so I get the window all right come on
let's go to the garage the garage lad oh
my goodness okay so this is the garage
this is my crib
got my bike got my little selection of
cars so my bigger cars at the front now
I'm not procrastinating we won't be in
here forever
that's how it's done so you got to make
a mess the clear mess then you make a
mess the nuclear mess it's just it's
just an end in to end its own ending
like you lent me you keep finding in a
box you empty that box you think I'm
gone there's another box with more stuff
you like why do people even own things
I'm telling you if you owned nothing
life would be so much easier to just
move around hello
like a cutie Lex oh look a cute elixir I
love that little thing when he's on it
today basically consists of you watching
Peppa Pig I'm sorry for that it's just
if he has to sleep there I love this
room so nice hi Albie come on come on
come on you can do this you can do this
did we pack there step hey Arno
mr. fire he is my news flash we're on
our first adventure we had our first
adventure friend we out we weren't able
to bring any like dairy or anything with
us India and it when the polar are when
the guys are moving stuff so we have
lots of like food but we just don't have
any fresh food that we can actually make
anything with somebody needs some lunch
hello hello hello
he's have another wedington Bhutan
Wellington goes on he's having the time
for life adventuring around the property
alright dude how do you say sandwich in
English so I don't know if Jonathan
updated you guys but something crazy
happen um so this is the problem like
this is our garden and that's our gate
over there and everything is all
enclosed but there's a main road outside
our gate or not really but like to us
that's kind of a main road or to the
dogs it is and so I was really paranoid
about like the place being fully
enclosed and so that the doggies can't
get out
well anyway my worst nightmare happened
and I didn't even notice it like nobody
even realized but um our landlady was so
nice like our van were and maybe they
were super nice people and they're dog
lovers as well and so they know clearly
we are dog lovers I mean look at this
like a sea of beds but they the landlady
is she has two dogs - girl dogs -
favorite dogs as well and so thankfully
she was on the lookout or like she just
knows what to do because Cena got out
and like I can't even I'm still kind of
in shock like I still can't believe it
happened because we didn't even realize
she was gone but she got out through a
hole she doesn't she kind of dug around
there was already kind of an opening and
she dug further into it and she got out
and now
is a like there's the there's cars going
super fast and she was so lucky because
we are so lucky because her landlady
lives right next door and she said that
um I think of an older woman you know
you hit her with your car or something
and thank God people here are nice
people and they're on the lookout
because everyone is talking with like
this little white dog with a pink bow
porcina
and they were like is that your dog
because you know that doesn't make sense
for a dog like a Maltese to be running
around in traffic
thankfully she and I went to our land
lady's house I don't know how she knew
but I think she was trying to get back
in or something and the land they picked
her up and brought her in but like can
you imagine our surprise when she came
in holding seen a she was like um she
was running around in traffic
well she wasn't really but it was so
that's like my worst night well that and
obviously I mean yeah getting out but
that's less likely because the dogs are
smaller so oh it's crazy so we had to
make sure to you know board up that area
my hair such a mess cuz I couldn't find
my blow dryer
everything is just higgledy-piggledy
this it's just crazy
I think your first time in the shop went
well did it your lollipop
huh wanna feel any mom
you know people you go you feel I leave
out yeah oh is it tiny hold on hold on a
second all right virgin media fellow
just left her - oh my goodness did you
see how he is mm-hmm came into drugs
with parking it mmm
this is sitting here okay hey stop
working huh let's go let's see what have
we found here mmm
look no they're really nice
we just hit that a second ago you're
such a repeater oh I know it's lovely
that was yeah very nice all right that's
funny get the game hey you know what oh
yeah they're not my favorite hello hello
that Biba hello hi open the curtains you
open the girls oh the light the light
Bridget
is it a bright light huh what mama Idol
say I love you say I love you dad i
watch you're breaking my heart friend
you know Father's Day is coming up
so Braun got in touch and they asked me
to run a little competition you guys to
see how would you feel about winning
your dad a dream experience because I'm
like I'm hoping Amelia and Eduardo are
gonna enter this I just don't know if
they have Twitter accounts needed
Twitter can't enter but it was like the
new contact me and I was like oh my god
is amazing how do I get my kids tend to
me in this because you better into me
this Vidya okay Emilia why is your dad
the best dad ever
why because eats is it gonna be
eating is it because he picks up the
poop Oh poop is it because he changes
your nappies
what is it what is it cuz he reads you
bedtime stories ah books yeah is because
he lets you watch Peppa Pig Oh their
brain turns to mush the adventures we go
on her mom's not around you know it did
you watch the footage next day and it's
like hi uh-huh like you love your dad so
much so for running competition right
now right really simple to enter a way
you can win is a dream experience for
your dad as a dad I can tell you I would
be appreciative a dream experience
obviously Father's Day is coming up and
obviously media has great plans and
Eduardo obviously the tuner more like
conjuring together I'm gonna try and set
him up with a Twitter can so they can
enter this conversation I'm going for me
thank you very much
but it all I have to do right is that
you have to tweet links are in the
description or the hashtags and
everything all the details are in the
description right you can win your dad
and dream experience all you have to do
is tweet Braun and tell them why your
dad is amazing can tell you as a Potter
we're very happy would you be happy with
it telling you man to thank Father's Day
Father's Day don't step on the iPad
again come on they're gonna be dawn in
the shortcuts blown in the shorts
car where you going we going a little
first walk
Wow
oh look at this little hole we just
found here well their face time in there
we're gonna try and move your bed here
for tonight doing that we have and say
you got the opposite 100 so last night
just because it is the first night we
decided we would stay up here with the
media put choose fine for the night so
we're gonna move our little inflatable
bed downstairs to the other room I think
we're gonna try that one out tonight and
see what we got em you got a TiVo box
for the bedroom C's but the bedrooms
moving down be careful that's on that's
hot
I thought thought thought thought
thought thought making your towels
toasty toasty towels so tonight I'm
gonna shower
Amelia wanna bathe our go yeah
double-team all the way okay shower it's
like double shower double trouble shower
I think we'll put the little one on fur
Oh might be okay it's often in is there
any technique double time here good dad
good day today okay so what you in joins
the base
Eduardo or to shower your eager teeth
pusher yeah I'll just shower okay she
knows cry knows what she's doing anyway
but it's it's a it's shampoo times ledge
okay okay okay teamwork cool me ma
let's go boobies he go say goodbye to
our friends say bye you never gonna buy
any more media terrible twos this ain't
a Carrie determine I see her alright
alright see you tomorrow for another
invention in London chat wall night chip
cheerio my see smaller fish and chips
was cheerio way my never work with kids
and animals what am I gonna nuns myself
cheese mac taste what you know episode
scary Jerry's oho I don't even know what
accent is it's like a combination of
EastEnders or carnation Street or
something and in order this but anyway
guys before you do anything if you have
a father or you know a father's you
should totally ended up rounding like
seriously guys it's like up to 3,000
pounds bro
word of a dream experience oh my
goodness and it's so simple all you
gotta do is tweet with the hashtag
sacani Jolie's hashtag Father's Day
dream hashtag poor on just buying it out
there tell them why your Father's Day
messages moya father's so awesome
seriously as a father I can tell you
it's epic to win - I'm hoping even able
to draw a letter anyway thanks guys
for M watching our day is that day - I
think that's day one official day one in
London town and tomorrow is day 2 today
was crazy
and there's no crazy sunny day I love
you guys thanks so much and I'll see you
tomorrow bye
