good morning for the last time in this
room a lot of time in this room real
guys do you remember all right right
time is it 7:27
about your friends huh I'm here with the
Gang what are you getting into it clear
when you baby you see Bob Amy can't
believe this day is actually right I'll
talk to you better all the planning
Rambis has actually arrived this is it
making strange incidentals hello it's
there that there's a human passport
right is a top hat boots look so cute
Oh R it's so cool again here's a mental
situation seven years ago today I said
it yesterday you you said it every every
day yeah okay wait
saving your life four score and seven
years with seven years ago today right
we got together little did we know that
on that very day seven years later with
our two children are six dogs
oh my gosh guess what we now we have two
children six dogs one ragamuffin hey
ragamuffin yeah he knows talking alleged
yeah seven years Wow forty married three
years but I would be together seven
years
that's crazy almost ten years almost a
decade together the three more years
gonna live together for a decade not
Olivia what coin actually when we met I
was in university so he suggested you
should have
so yeah so immediate and I are going to
get flowers for our cleaning lady who
I'm so depressed yet saying goodbye to
like you no idea she's way more than a
cleaning lady she's like a friend the
confident just everything she was
amazing so I'm so sad I don't even want
to think about it cuz I'm gonna start
crying
but anyway mmm I'm gonna get her flowers
and card and stuff like that so and when
we're heading to Douglas probably for
the last time when we live here anyway
so I'm excited but I'm sad at the same
time I don't think Suzanne wants a Peppa
Pig card which is more looking for
herself
no well you can hold it okay we have to
find her a big girl card come on we're
going to get some flowers now this is
the slowest walk ever
it's right over there but we're going so
slow come on you got your cards we're
gonna get some flowers
flying along come on hold here the media
keep the phone sorted oh yeah look at
this I just got off the media I'm here
with our dough without her flowers there
they are
Amelia did not have a meltdown but it
was hard carrying shouldn't want to be
shouldn't want to walk anymore so I'd
carry her and the big bunch of flowers
to the guard so that was a workout I
don't even need to work here z you don't
need to work out if we have a toddler
because you just got to work at every
single day anyway that's actually how it
works
nice a couch Wow
oh okay this Oh passports everywhere
yeah for it are you going so I
understand you ordered a house Emma's
taking over here she has to do blogs
here as well by living here you know
that's hey yagan easy gig that's funny
look what she likes the nigga rentals
mentally mentos do this there's no gate
on the stairs we just turned red look
everyone's up there oh yeah you have to
say bye bye to Auntie Emma you don't
realize we once here for like four weeks
oh she said no Emma yeah emma has to go
home now but you're not going to see her
for a long time you don't understand
what yeah it is kind of sad
she first met Emma in this house when
she was like two months she's after all
that I mean I came with us to drop in my
home come here come here come here
Amelia
now we're not going back up and then
close this door okay otherwise you're
just going to be good and run in the
house okay
so I'm trying to decide what to do
Jonathan's at home and we have a
doctor's appointment so my mom is gonna
yeah Amelia what are you doing what are
you doing you minx um yeah we have a
doctor's appointment so I'm just trying
to psych whether I shouldn't use maybe I
here with my mom or what should I do
I don't really know ha that's the day
when you have that's what you do new fun
space okay that's covered in mommy's car
step to guard of all the furniture
now now let's go get rid of mommy I'm
not gonna bloody and ski okay so we're
going to drop mom's on this car to MSL
there you guys have bought the car and
they're going to hold on to us until we
get a chip or we're coming back because
we're coming back in three weeks for EM
for holidays
we're coming to court for our holidays
awesome designers brothers coming over
from Baltimore be more and so we decided
with deals gonna leave the car in court
open MSL that service it and clean it
and whenever they want to do it and then
we get back here in three weeks we have
a card instead of just renting a car
here and then ana can drive guess how
much fun it uh be that I just gotta sit
back as a passenger
I am the passenger I am the passenger so
we get our final cleanup here look at
these flowers and I gosh this is the
media's best friend you gotta miss her
oh they're your favorite role our new
friend we just did a final a coup clean
I'm I spent ages mopping this whole
house it does look amazing we'll take it
and we're pretty much ready to go we're
gonna swing by Anna's mom test box of
Kleenex you drive by a wave drive by
Cheers
see you later found that ah Joe P's
office Oh
huh where's daddy and daddy daddy huh
faces empties huh
it's so empty there's only Feder though
is it little friends you ready for an
adventure and we'll get their passports
you don't forget anything
where is somebody
no so much this has guys baby sauce I
don't put this over here so much is
happening this has so many memories huh
well I couldn't leave the filter and
stuff because if you got watching my
taking another adventure islands in
tears out there and he likes designer
I'm so sad I feel like I just say
goodbye to my best friend I couldn't fit
funny how those relationships can
somehow like where you're not expecting
a relationship she was so good with
anemia and we never like we didn't hire
her to be a nanny or anything like that
she was just supposed to come help out
with the keeping once a week and then I
turned it to or three times she had
twice it's been three times and then she
was always so nice but everything she
and I was always cleaning it was just
like I don't know like we both we both
had completely different relation sooner
you know look when I was there and you
weren't there like I'd be chatting her
and alternative stuff and then like
you'd be there when I would be there and
you two guys you know
like two different relationships and I
was like like I relied on her for so
much she probably didn't realize but she
was like my best friend who I got to
talk to all the time and tell her stuff
but she never judged me or like I don't
know it's just sucks they don't think
I'm never gonna find the same thing with
anybody else
ah Mike this isn't last four officially
leaving cork this is the tunnel to
England yeah that would be amazing and
it's crazy because our losing company
was scuse me
yeah Irish removal is it's in front of
us you know that's not our stuff
actually running a minute ago day they
made the ferry never go out to dinner
they're going to be in and Holly had are
taking their luck Pembroke we're the
only fools gonna how do you get those
varsity on
who hopefully won't either pee break I
mean it is only two and a half hours
they're also about no hot girl I know I
feel
the media's probably like so head of
work as well
because we're going to go at their
bedtime but everything just kind of got
I'll be manual they like didn't happen
from nothing yesterday to like in one
Saturday we just move yeah it was crazy
but it was really good it was my best
experience miss moving it was definitely
in my matches right now
it was stressful but more mentally
stressful there was no I didn't feel
like I was you know heavy gifted or yeah
like went advanced rumor last time read
Devon stuff it in there was a life yeah
definitely you have kids Joey go
definitely
rides worrying at Dublin right we're
intern here ever I want to show you just
a few things here right disc is where I
was Christmas this is the church that I
was christened I did my communion and I
think I donated my confirmation that's a
disgrace and right precio jokey jokes
family home was yeah you wanna see
daddy's old Hills I here we go a nice
piece of history right this one up here
right now it's completely changed my
life
that's it there that is there oh it
looks really good I'm judge that was my
room depart why you doing my row man
this is called a Varna so if you live in
that house right underneath the
floorboards I hate gold treasure really
no I did I used to do it like a pro
foreign minister he's the store all my
life comments and valuables I my brother
I wonder is it still there yeah this is
ready to hang out I was in a biking guy
yeah these are eager Rama's and Leah
says we're gonna see aunty Lea Lea it's
so creepy
forever eyes as Rita cooties hello as
soon as I said if you're missing a
Thomas the Tank Engine have you been
missing a Thomas the Tank Engine oh we
found it yeah and a couple of other cars
Oh defend a haul of cars yeah after you
left that time media came running in
like it she's like but she had such a
big smile she's like Austin's like yeah
huh huh I minding this for him
Oh your arms like you know if your car's
okay
she's an exporter export in the car is a
pop song yeah probably packed away
look at this Lea has a it's not an
espresso
it's a lovely exact Lavasa looks cool
what are the caps feels like yeah that's
what they're just stick it in here the
machine on this nice Frankie
it's Razoo you're frothing oh just the
whole job yeah yeah
yeah you see it's a medium that's what
ah sure my mom makes these calendars
every year I know always a I assignment
my brother okay we got October as well
oh yeah two months I got it go I got a
half I get a half feature haha I figured
that's a half worms in this too many
kids I know Yeah right
right we are going to go that's because
I have to get this video editing
everything and we have to get up super
early so I have a mad party oh yeah I
have to go sorry bye oh yeah dad's
alright Amelia Amelia get Austin Austin
Austin can you say bye bye hi Amelia say
bye goodbye
Sava bye awesome soon device today see
you guys tomorrow
an exciting adventure my that was pretty
good let's be honest now that's my older
sister booty pooty pooty pooty puddin
and pie kiss the boys and made him cry
well I'm sure she has kissed a boy in
her time so kids are asleep and is
working diligently hard are you working
hard ya know we all want to go to sleep
we have to get a ferry in a couple of
hours my goodness and then drive 700
million miles across
Knots Landing to King's Landing oh my
goodness can't believe actually how do I
keep saying that I gotta stop saying
can't believe how many times you can't
believe this week anyway thanks so much
for watching and check out this fancy
pantsy slate look at this look at the
two kids in the middle
yeah it's so pink and it's like oh my
god it's so amazing except how long has
it been since I've actually put an
annotation up oh my god the dogs gone
mental
I gotta go hey get inside hey see you
later
