good morning effect it's not that we
can't see afternoon we've been so busy
all day we're trying to eat all the food
all right guys get your plates ready I
need you to eat all of this food oh my
goodness not all this food uh-oh
I'm okay I think I'll have some M&Ms if
you got pasta yeah how old's that one
the prawn one mm-hmm
well people like that it's Japanese all
right enough of the center might have a
threesome yeah hold on hey what are you
doing what are you doing get out of town
get out of town step step step step
let's go go go go go go go go go go yeah
okay and you guys have the pasta yeah Oh
too squishy yeah okay yesterday's one
yeah okay let's do that
teamwork oh and please make the rhubarb
okay
Stewart YUM I wants to you drove our
cousin so good last night
it sucks medium-hard is asleep fast
faster faster like a disaster dad what
really are you excited for lunch
oh really are you excited for London I
thought that I don't know part of my
spicy Amenia always helps me do laundry
isn't that right come on let's do
laundry no you're pretty girl though I
like your Bobo run you gonna help mommy
with the laundry I swear
just two seconds ago she was in the mood
oh when I push you okay come on let's go
beep-beep
you'd be oh my goodness all right let's
put the clothes in the dirty clothes I
have to go in okay Mike your outfit here
good girl all right
it was the last box that I wanted to
organize so here it is
decorations I mean he has a resistor or
not and then these are the only two
things that couldn't fit in I know what
she just needs to learn like I know what
she's not saying yearning I know
hello I'm a bad parent you're not crying
are you she's just going through a phase
like sure do this everything it takes
like two or three goes it's more
annoying to me which does it at night
because if Wireless on your area sees
and I'm like thank you
oh my goodness I just went for a crazy
Drive you ever do that and Streep you
just that I put in the address of our
new house and then I just sort of drove
Randy area drove down the high street
you know checked at the restaurants and
shopping centers in the parks and like
just kind of like drive around the area
it's been a fun huh almost stroke into
central London there I was getting off
then I then remember the congestion
charges and I was like you know what
they probably get you they probably do
to get you be Google Streetview down
central London they probably get you
like sorry we saw you that day your
street view driving around right now
what what in our know our devs are
dispersed strife rent London I'll say 90
no rooms going so much fun I know I'm
getting sleepy now but in a day or two
we get there I'm gonna like just like
head out in a bike you know just like go
for a cycle like a big long cycle ready
area and like just like down roads and
they were being on just on looking
around the area just like that's gonna
be so much fun
whoo such an adventure you know I'm so
there's so many parks and stuff it looks
really cool friend oh this is look
really cool huh
nearly should be go away kiss sister of
what you reckon for the wanted media to
go plain Road play on the road say
goodbye to our friends hmm you ever have
any fun our door does not open you got
rope neat as if I'm smoking on your
friends I don't know there's our friends
ha all right let's go who's that Alvar
hide oh are those in your bed I was in
your bed what are doing in your bed your
mug did you miss him
oh gentle with our dough good girl
oh did you sleep one gonna get imprint
oh you slept on this thing what is it I
don't I don't even know how to describe
that Adam does that Arnold where's our
dough hey it's it babe yeah very good
it's kind of like am a neckerchief as
opposed to be the technical huh
I know neckerchiefs a bit a bit advanced
is that be less you know what's
happening tomorrow friend we're leaving
tomorrow
yep seriously no jokes so last day in
court and I did nothing
well present a million things to yours
the fairies lit everything what the
movers we got the mover man coming
tomorrow
hi that was seriously - oh my god
somebody make a gift so when you make a
gift for that and tweet it to the world
that was the most amazing thing ever
dude yet ha I was so amazing oh my god
is is the taller you do yet do you look
say hi don't slump squishing in his eye
- put her there you go hmm so I want to
bring immediate out and a letter playing
a road for her friends her friend his
friends for the final time
comedy has come down to this how many
was come down to this friend
and I know a lot of human comments like
jokey you haven't packed one single iota
because we decide like general stressful
it is just generally having to wonder -
exactly
this happens regularly and now we
decided it is really expensive to do
this but I just figured like you know
what we're hired like a packing so guys
are going to come in tomorrow morning
about half eight or nine and they learn
just like pack up everything they're
gonna like take apart all the furniture
and reflash package and take everything
take like like a picture - room and they
mark everything that's in the room and
then they basically take it off and when
they get to our house in London the like
go to the room
that's like immediate room and I'll just
set it all back up exactly the same way
it's a pretty cool service it's like
what is figure it's worth it it's
priceless in a way because there's no
way we get anything done
there's no way so that's coming tomorrow
morning and then there am they're gonna
do it all in one day they're gonna catch
the ferry tomorrow night we're going to
Dublin tomorrow night - I spent some
time my family and then we're gonna be
over on Wednesday morning so when's this
Blanco this is Tuesday night I'm
probably already left court by now on
our way to Dublin and then I'm nice day
morning we're getting the ferry over to
Holly head oh you heard have you ever
been to Wales I don't think you ever
been to Wales hmm
then we go to Wales and then we'll go to
London blend in tie on my London town
you're very ended alright alright Aldo
are you picking them up are you picking
them up hmm
pick up a push pop alright mate alright
alright Kizer
alright Giza are know the Giza to see
can you say geezer
do I just get out of here which what the
cardigan on first hey I know
dad made a mistake he's just a terrible
father terrible father
yeah look at this now look what God
didn't cause see back home chill oh my
god she's so cute
yeah media's getting your coat be buzzed
cold yeah
you don't have to you don't have to do
that off you don't fit up it's gone back
on track okay let's go we're gonna do
this
I'm just cheering from the sidelines
because I've got a baby I'm telling me
this is kind of sad though it is that
I'm kind of sad for her but she doesn't
know it's like tomorrow oh my gosh gonna
take a Viking wrong Marva I know going
man - like the high the other one see
he's silly
don't settle for jokes all right huh
maybe know the poem yellow one is it yes
that's what you had on earlier let's go
oh really that new umbrella
yeah hey you in there no don't we really
cool though nothing a little bit of
protection in there no
so I'm up here like a freak stalking
everybody outside on the road I'm like
the weirdo mom like behind the curtain
like peeking but I'm getting really
emotional because and maybe I made all
these friends and like it actually had
nothing to do with me like I wasn't the
one who used to take her out you know
Jonathan is the one it was like they're
things they did together
and well it's just custom Amelia because
she made all these friends and like I
can just see her running around it there
and of course she is probably going to
make friends if they can't see me
because I'm looking like a weirdo crying
to myself but I know she's not gonna
make friends course she is when we move
but it's just that uncertainty and like
I don't know for sure if she is or not
you know like well I kind of do but you
know what I mean it's just like you
spend so much trying somewhere and when
we moved here she was two months so
she's kind of had her all almost her
whole life here so it's just odd because
she doesn't know what's going on like
just airplane
okay I'm such a loser sorry
we've now improved the bike with this
waterproof system with some traffic and
traffic we'll get one Melia hi look at
you you're right little lady hello hello
hello hey banka banka
stop that gonna hold trying to get it
hello so for our last meal which I
actually don't think this is our last
night I think we're having dinner here
also tomorrow but anyways I didn't want
to buy anything else I had kind of plan
for the week last week and I usually
- the weekly shock like today which
would be Monday I usually do it Monday
night so last week I bought pizzas for
our last kind of night here because
we're trying to go like work through all
of our food which is marking okay like
we've you know reports through all that
so and I ate all yogurts and I ate all
the fruit that we had with the apples
and stuff we still ton of like dry goods
but I suppose that's actually okay um
they're kind of like non perishables
most part that's alright um yeah so I'm
gonna put these on oh my god used by
second of June that's today this is
wrong oopsy we go last bath time lads
and the house this is it make it a good
one Romania just go to bed easy peasy
easy peasy
mom and dad have to watch Game of
Thrones let's go it's foggy
hello hello everybody my name is Shane
Freddie's folk I smoke they call me this
is my body media oh now I've been taken
I take have been put in a bag do I have
to go into the bag Amelia cheer on
Freddy
well you know like Freddy he don't not
ready come on folks last bath time here
although are we kind of deal bad time
here tomorrow Oh scratch that we're
doing bad time before we go tomorrow
because we're gonna try and dry this to
sleep she may work out but then we get
to Dublin may not work out for sure
parenting is like wishy-washy cloud of
bubbles lumps of work sometimes it
doesn't
well watch out
and I'm actually sitting here with no
furniture just on a 90 and not even a
chair just a made up box that is left
that is it that is all that's left my
goodness I can't believe it's actually
come to this that's actually how I
started wedding video can't believe the
day has finally come
you know you planned something and
talked about something for so long and
then it actually you started thinking
like am I just talking about this you
know and it's like no it's actually come
come to pass so yeah the movers room
full swing and we are heading out of
here oh well it was it was fun enjoyed
course see you guys tomorrow though um
so you can just watch you can just watch
huh thanks for watching and thanks for
leaving comments and thanks for liking
our videos and thanks for just watching
us and supporting us and you know we
wouldn't have all these cool
opportunities who wouldn't be actually
moving to London doing this it wasn't
few guys watching our videos every day
and thanks a lot that means a lot to us
Mike
