morning guys
I saved breakfast I figured out a
solution had to say breakfast you may
not be the best idea what it works she's
she's not being eaten well she has been
kinda just I don't know she's messing
about with food and morning isodyne I
was like not even yeah she's not eating
yeah I was getting really stressed out
every morning I was giving her breakfast
and it wasn't being punched and then
Jonathan solution
he might be sure if your nose was like
that's your solution
listen well look that's a good one
that's a hell I don't know why she
didn't pick those and she went straight
in with the Coco Pops
I'd rather have a bowl of Coco Pops or
nobody or choco puffs Krakow Chris that
was a fail worse bitch you love
them that's it folks there you have it
she's in the spoon and everything Coco
Pops do you have the answer ha ha ha and
here's the aftermath here come here to
me correction he great to regenerate oh
oh yeah
Amelia Amelia Amelia Karen Karen come
here show me show me
ok the bare feet you have an essential
cocoa pop crash the post cocoa power
punch it's dripping oh my goodness
that's the fun of cocoa puffs
I'd rather have a bowl of Coco Pops can
you say Coco Pops bucks pop Oh pop Sam
way better than Coco Pops
I would like Coco Pops what would you
prepare a football pops or a cocoa puffs
all right friend before we leave we
should probably test to make sure this
thing works okay so you get this team Oh
OOP drop this bearing in here just
looking good yeah this is looking pretty
good friends
she's gonna carve it always so huh yeah
money there
mine is a 200 rock forget it Carter
don't just sit like this huh will not be
cool
okay look at this rick agiza yeah
neither hey see this one oh there's two
of them I know okay
I think I had a couple of pop your
episodes on its screen Louie
so you think an act y know what's tough
here all the way I can't find pepper I
know is in there somewhere
maybe I deleted them yeah we got it set
up now oh cool
yeah um two seconds after that Amelia
just and true the thing on the ground
and smash it this is crack although I
don't know if you can see that look at
that oh my goodness what a little biker
that's not like she's just like anything
it's just chew it in the floor as far as
I know dote and when I bought this for
Anna I bought accidental damage on it
insurance on it because I thought out of
my break it so I almost find that out
and check see it's still about it
because it be nice to her oh my goodness
like they break so easy though last day
in the city center I think problems
we're not going in tomorrow
and we're going pretty shortly now we'd
like to be in two days or four days
depending on the weather and the sea
travel or is your practice but no longer
is
yeah but that's crazy
I'm going to check the box that we
better be empty or you guys will be in
trouble because if it's not empty oh but
I go because I'm gonna have to set up a
redirect in case any stuff they don't
want to lose their own get lost there
you know but I don't I really don't want
the redirects gonna cost a fortune so we
don't want to leave that hole well an
option two is down there in the middle
of this High Street I need to get as
Argos to pick up an air mattress oh yeah
they were so loud we went an air
mattress for ourselves because we don't
have a bed yeah bed
the reason why I didn't get a bed yet is
because I have tons of furniture that I
want to get and there's no point in just
getting one thing now and paying for the
delivery and then buying all the rest of
the stuff later
you know you should just get all in one
go cuz the deliveries gonna be a lot
yeah yeah so I'm excited though what to
get the bed to get all of our friends
you know I know we got the bad idea from
someone in Commons and Twitter they were
saying once you get never I was like
really and I looked up on the camping
air beds and I was like no that's just
not gonna work like and I was like what
one of the things and this is not a
camping air bed this is like you inflate
the bottom part and it inflates like a
proper bed and then played the second
part it's like that'll actually work you
know so he'll be like it totally worked
also a free word in a pinch under needed
yeah yeah oh it's like all right to the
bed get can part it was one of that
which is great and I went through the
few watts it was completely empty so
awesome but now I have to make it all
there back to the car which is month
this way with this giant box okay we
made um
arrow bad it's ah she got big um but it
is actually are actually quite small in
the box for my teachers I don't know I
don't know I think values we're gonna
try and put it like cactus wrong I think
we're just going to leave it in its box
yeah so we get there Hey hi oh no she's
heavy
okay who's the heavy time for some pasta
pasta where should we go for our last
minute course Nando's man knows Milan
dough's come along the rules of walking
in town are you must hold that hand or
mountain long is a hand the grown hand
is held I know I know
you haven't used it enough to sort of
make it like can I get a little Bolin
for quicker whoever used it enough to
make it like a thing yeah you know she
should be like ah I know
where's your backpack
little ant goodness oh it wasn't an
uncle or you can't run so some of you
guys may not notice but this bridge is
the oldest bridge in the world
seriously Cortez the oldest Christian
world it's the biggest city in the world
and I had the largest building in the
world what this is not this is correct
information I'm like I should be one of
those people that like walk around
cities like give tours just makes the
luck oh my god would you come to my make
up tour I would go to make up cities are
they just like makes them over like no
way that's so cool
yeah Familia is basically come here for
a balloon last time we got a free
balloon Milano so we're expecting free
balloons present roll every time you
come here like I should look in there
you should though you're like nerdy
you're a professional Baker and a
homemaker you are a comedian wants to go
in okay jump jump Oh get the pizzas the
Lego Reno's do you work here Hey either
you work here you just chef we got it we
got a spot by the window we keep an eye
on everyone
uh-huh little keep Amelia happy if you
could just like look at their look you
can look across at Italy Italy so close
friend
oh okay guys we made everybody look got
our dough got mommy and got immediate
and happy Amelia I think it looks pretty
good anyway seems pretty close well you
think is it close huh this is the cone
eagerly anyway we goats again that's a
minute I'll ask that Oh No
there's no pizza yeah catch us a pizza
I mean they got the usual pasta and I
work with the same as last time
and it'll be showed you it's not some
overlooked Paquita there's a hole in the
middle of a challenge and it's really
cool yum-yum
do you love it
digits inside of it they
using confused look at this little
market that was put on just because they
knew was our last weekend here sir I'll
just put on a little market
you guys look fresh homemade ice cream
mmm from chronic guilty nah I never had
asked you for penalties oh that's cool
okay to get to level before you press
I'll treat is it no - no sighs I say no
way anything before we're on for I know
you wanna time you actually didn't know
that okay so operation I was just in the
middle of flogging Jonathan and you just
ruined my shot I mean um okay
so operation clear at the closet is in
full swing
I love how to I think thumbs up here and
puts me down for her nap or brings her
down from her nap or whatever and it's
like a freaking storm has hit there's
like books everywhere on top of here all
her letters are blown down like the
curtain is pushed in some kind of
crazy-ass way like really what this
thing do you think I live in my guitar
partners and you okay so there's bird
poo all over my car right um also I'm
having a bad hair day I think it's just
it's not sitting right um you know
sometimes you have a good hair day and
you've just crap once anyways
I need to clear my closet I need a
serious revamp of my closet and I'm
going to be ruthless like whatever I
have not worn in the past year is going
in the charity bags squidgy
so that's rubbish that's a donate bag
let me show you guys actually this one
isn't so dramatic because I actually
pretty much do wear what's in here but
then and here
oh that's underwear so I won't try that
socks this was all empty day out there
was tons of stuff in there
same with pajama drawer same with sweats
so now I already just have the bare
minimum now we're going to move on to
the next room monomania home with mommy
we've to throw at some stuff and this is
going to be more requests because this
room contains the stuff that I wear the
least bit stroller in my way of course
but there's a lot of stuff in here that
I need to get rid of okay are you seeing
cupcake I don't know what you're saying
more donations okay so this is all to
donate all clothes
I mean yeah finding all her old toys
tonight's menu very simple
we've got target la pancetta
asparagus parmesan which took me like
about a year to grate and sea salt black
pepper olive oil some more salt for the
past
and we're good to go so this is another
Jamie Oliver dish it's really simple and
it says it takes 30 minutes so let's get
started yeah I'm already late
okay I don't think I've ever cooked
asparagus before this is exciting look
at this the doggies love coming here
when I cook because obviously the smells
are amazing from the pancetta
so my pancetta and asparagus are cooked
now I'm just waiting on my pasta to
finish cooking I'm going to add these
asparagus heads to the boiling water and
then we're going to add some seasoning
and crimson and we're done so that was
really simple these are my favorite
pasta dishes honestly the most simple
ones are just like with the fewest
ingredients to me are the best
you leaving your reading your birthday
cards may decide to just go wonders I
know and why no why no no you know is it
too sunny is it too sunny
hey hey you just know Boo Boo's I
cleaned it up what is this oh then grab
it oh come on let's go come on let's go
and I made another delicious meal tag
Natalia like that was my favorite one ha
ha and Jonathan movies favorite and then
everybody really liked that sausage one
yeah yeah yeah I was like it's funny
isn't it
I am more of a carnivore carnivore
taking out the jaws with the dummy yeah
it is pretty crazy
come on mrs. let's go come on right
let's go
farewell fondly put the kids to bed
class on the couch for 10 seconds go to
bed be woken all night long with
screaming kids
it's a tough life somebody has to do
it's a hard-knock life for us
no he's uh he's been reading it like two
or three and then again a five which
isn't too bad I think amedeo is kind of
the same yeah and she didn't go to bed I
find it the hardest sometimes in the
morning when or like I stir because I
hear you like mushing around and I'm
like off and then you get into bed and
I'm like no they can't possibly be a
warning
it can't be there must be some mistake
and then it's like half six or seven all
right yeah yeah yeah she wants to chase
what she has no no no no bad girls you
there you there come on let's go
upstairs to bed okay keep going to bed
sound like a little piggy yes a bye Oh
Bella thank you for watching today's
episode Bob
typically berries please leave with that
comment and don't forget to block the
video
that's the bow bill billable air imagine
you actually spoke with bees in front of
all your words belly by baby Bab a girl
a Blue Ivy actually really funny did
that for a day where I take the letter
and then stroke with that letter all day
long or does it in here with me he's not
in a chatty mood he's not a chatty man
huh
you know any man Millie's upstairs
getting dressed people are coming over
people coming over right we gotta go
thanks so much for watching today's
episode hope you had the time of your
life no I had was it the time of my life
to see you guys here I think our dough
our domain is for sensation haha yes
tomorrow dude Olli by Rudy doodle dee
doo boo
