good morning and welcome to the video
you excited friend she's happening in
there we're going to the dentist can you
say dentist ok well that's actually not
far chi Chi's um chi Chi's are why we're
going let's be honest and out for a
second huh what there might be a lot of
mr. giggles mrs. giggles when we come
back from this yeah that's unleash
that's I'm cooking her now okay
are you excited first time at the
dentist
beep ah better this way see little
smiles and more are we gonna get smiles
anymore okay good
she's all excited now because she
doesn't fully understand what's
happening oh no not that one the next
one
come on speech in there
but do you wanna have fun she can you
gonna get done train tracks she hopes
that that's not how we sit in the
waiting chair that one lady silently
Wow you want to go down that path right
darling pink suchlike hello Amelia we're
matching hi nothing do you got pink and
this lovely lilac
mmm pretty girl and sure Oh would you
like a blue glow no she's like this dead
this is amazing come on right in
Rebecca's dress yeah okay come on
sorry to keep you waiting but it's fine
Lorraine and pepper huh big balloon no
we're bored it is now something else's
yeah thank you
it's just look at this look at those
when you go to the dentist blow the
balloons you guys get then two balloons
and your dentist if you don't need to
come to Claire free balloons
nice one we'll be tired and it goes back
it's a magic chair up again back up
again you understand I'm daddy oh wow
Ross's interests
hey can I can i see your big smile show
me your pizza what's it my sweet cheese
ladies did it brush the teeth should we
question no no should we brush your
teeth which we should we do your teeth
would a media like a cheese push okay no
okay
you want to see this dip a little slower
should we continue with it definitely is
it chicken that's been a bit cheap can
we do it on your cheek look II gotta try
I mean that's a nice mic can I see more
of your slice earlier in the day man did
you pick one which easy way tickets
thank you good girl
you're like one of these no no can I see
your teeth
just to see if they're all there an
accountant you candy would you take a
look when you take a look we did table
oh you got lots of teeth how did you see
one learner maybe you like the song okay
we're like coaches for you believe me
know everything you know so you just
learn no yesterday or the day before I
may be really using it out she's right -
oh very much
you're special oh okay well can I see
how you brush you show me sometimes I
like to chew on us can I just have a
little pepper too cheap wine you
adversity knows that they use a
toothbrush no she wants it and I think
she wants to do everything doesn't she
know
Oh
stinking it put them on we take a
picture we take a picture
rip them up No
do you want to try it on your head no no
no I'll put it on my head look at watch
watch watch okay
what's that touch it really chicken like
electric toothbrush it makes your teeth
really clean really oh yeah do you want
to try it on your hand just gently just
very gently is that cheeky Latifi yeah
is that enough for today have you had
enough for today oh thanks bye
come on it's go let's go was that fun or
is that like the worst experience your
life which one was it
HiFi she's so funny she's like no and
goodbye
that's her two favorite words now okay
let's go home I'm so happy with how
these have turned out my mom actually
got me a pretty creepy I don't know that
I'm sharpening it might just feel like
someone's over your top right so when
you start wrapping a nice well you don't
usually ever do that my mom's coming
over tonight she checks in making the
six people pasta he's giving away food
oh you know able to come with your
restaurant okay but there was tally
tally all in the bin member cuz nobody
ate the rest
no one last night was amazing the prawns
I don't even like prawns
oh we have leftovers do you want it I
know she
crowd even the microphones and all of a
sudden that my pawns I know I'm not a
big fast to find they all of a sudden
I'm a fan and pasture kind Nazis I love
you okay do you want this one I guess
and I sell no reciprocation on you get
it tight so yeah I'm really happy how
they turned out actually crumble is one
of my favorite desserts like ever so I'm
not surprised that I just want to eat
every single one of them that's why I
have to keep them awake otherwise I eat
them all and then I would that's a dive
fine just give all the food away yeah so
anyways um Alvey I'm just I don't know I
think these are part of my favorite so
far in terms of like taste and
everything oh my God look at Albie he's
rollin in something it's Amelia's
favorite time of the day after you come
back to the dentist first thing to do
bake some cupcakes and undo all the work
depend on all right what are you making
today they look amazing huh did you look
at these look at the signs of struggle
video yeah well you got way too Sunday
sweet sweet sue are probably in this
vlog you know pause this blog way till
Sunday then watch the rest of it if you
don't watch the vlog you do you know but
if you don't watch the vlog tonight
watching this therefore you're at a loop
entirely yeah is there something to put
on top or can we just go eat them now
imagine a warm oh we have ice cream we
have ice cream in the freezer
okay okay you got it on stop that now
Sonic look what we're doing over here oh
my god I just noticed here that they
actually have savings like at 2:00 a.m.
in the morning I was going to pick the 8
o'clock in the morning 1 which means I
arrived in UK today I'm in Wales at
about 10:00 and then takes about 6 hours
probably to get to London or I could go
in at 2 a.m. and arrived at 4 a.m. you
try it like it'll be tough on us we
could drive all night if the kidney
stain
you think friends no decisions hello
ma'am
give them passport your passport even
passport peoples oh yeah that's a good
book
let's give up what happens in the end of
the book now no me - screaming Arduinos
Albie Shh Albie take your regular dolly
she's like Adi Adi Adi sh t sh o it's
like everytime she's a P it's like Tito
peepees Tito he told us the PP is now be
just a parking here's the proper taste
test is the problem but Jonathan's
having his without cream because he's a
weirdo well someone was care about her
fingers you can't have there's only like
230 calories per cup lying just in
patients that were really good anyway I
get I gave you the biggest one I know
it's all sweaty
oh look at him we go here we go you
ready you ready for this okay I gave you
a plate for a reason
no pizza for what is this are you
rhubarb in the middle I know it's so
good right if you are come oh yeah it's
strawberry and rhubarb crumble where
have you been hiding
okay well I've amazing dog gates
nevermind don't look you know better
when your food yeah I know people say
like oh look at them moistness
I know people changing yeah maybe you
better Thanks I made it
it's missing the cream though right yeah
yeah I'll have another look great good
so it says in the attic you know I was
always saying I have those two boxes of
stuffing again
I'm just going through it again to try
and get rid of stuff but luck I found
this when I when I was in Connecticut
look 1993 like it is 22nd of November
1993 Waterbury Connecticut rifle range
United States sequence cow I was a big
Steven Seagal fan oh yeah look at this
thing
did I do any I'm getting shot in but I
think I was is it written on here guns
ed what's that thing it's done uestion
is it a 22 the big silent little beretta
32 I heard a big gun I like when I shot
it was like boom
choo choo Muhammad s that's cool isn't
it I got a part of shoddy to needs to be
held he presented her life I know she's
so high maintenance seriously
Janka Arianna maintenance I know as soon
as she wakes up over here okay oh look
now Newsies is jealous watch it like
yeah like I'm pretty much done it's just
like my closet she's made up not as I've
been very books I know the Kerry's
booking my Jonathan no visas to house is
like ours now we are there every
everything is done last weekend in our
what do we do for us begin in our house
wait furnace to the panel yeah we'd have
a bonfire and a cup of tea
yeah Ken's aboard now great known to
Vance come look at the tree smart on a
vanity
oh look
yeah Edouard was gonna wake now Edward
is a week
and now I have to feed him or change him
or something and it's not like I had a
million other things to do ah thank you
get dinner on the go
sausage Vassili here's my ingredients
I'm not using pork mince instead of
sausage this time just to vary it up a
little bit
Jonathan's clearing at the attic and we
think you realized we have more than we
thought oops okay let's get this started
people are coming at 6:00 so we need to
get the ball rolling what amazing the
light is being prepared for us to Steve
I didn't see anything because their
brightness broke we're out gonna share
kryptonite croco blog all right
how come on yoni bloke at this bloke
dinner table no proper what's seeing
this for what's the opposite of blow
burn
yeah that's Irish bird blow gal what is
the opposite of blow if you guys are
bloke girl
and low cats no no no let us know oh my
goodness guys we got caught look when we
are in London they tracked us down we're
in London we parked in this apparently
the C thing here these is a charging
area that's the car that we rented the
rental companies understand me yeah I
know but because I don't know what that
was we think we're in centre one another
you're supposed to drive in the C parts
that's what seems for Cork oh yeah be
bop me bah Oh be born chichi did BB eat
on our dinner
yes what did you eat all of your dinner
like a good girl yeah oh you've actually
lost your seat there scooch in there now
scooters
beaver ones chichi is it hit which one
you want ah I think she's a very excited
almost first really Oh Oh everyone's
taking them I mean I'm like almost oh
now take one she was like I know I know
Oh what oh how many plays oh sorry
here we go thanks head this be civilized
here yeah okay they're pink
oh my goodness right before we all eat
these and fall asleep say bye say bye
not gonna get a buyer we will come back
later Prannoy yeah is it good is that
good yeah they're amazing guys thanks so
much for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye my no I got one there was
this boy Oh God and drew an accident and
kind hi you guys wrote a crash test
dummy store so much fun now we didn't
get a buyout of you last night
can I get a bye oh wow bye wow did you
enjoy the dentist Wow dang I try to go
back to the dentist huh dentist huh art
is going to the dentist next nothing
ah all right guys take so much for
watching and see you guys there and oh
my goodness like this listen to me
seriously right we only have like this
is our last weekend in Ireland hell
mental is that like I can't believe they
were actually doing this you know it's
all fun and games to talk about
something but actually doing it there's
a whole different ballgame seriously in
the next few days we're moving country
I'm so excited
I'll see you guys later bye
