I hate that buzz actually just put this
t-shirt on he just sped up all over me
tank son obviously he's saying I
probably shouldn't let his talk today
maybe that's what he was at he was
getting at so nice when the weather is
good it makes such a difference
but then the farmers market is going to
be packed today all right I don't know a
spot free now I don't know if I could be
I could have went up the wrong road come
on come on you've no kids don't you dare
don't you dare you people have no
children I see you I see you looking at
it boom well right begin it it's not
scary what is like was only like my
whole place and when you have a big car
as well and two kids makes it a lot you
know it's more about the space you know
I'd open and close doors close I have
there be advances in an hour yeah this
is kind of cutting it close but we
wanted to do this because I really like
this market I hope that where we move to
this Plaza farmers market that we could
go to every cycle well is named in these
little farms yeah I've seen Vikings it's
essentially right King's Landing
oh hello hello hello I come to market
yeah
oh you do that I'll go take him in you
know more the dresser
I'm more than Messer haha Mena's come
for her cakes
I love coming here she sounds like every
time I come here I get like sweets he
gets a prenatal you guys are you do you
say Mardan don't know what she wants
yeah you know he like this with a
glasses completely yeah everybody goes I
keep keeping things doughnut no no oh
sorry sure thing
I don't you know that good you know we
get there listen honestly if you have
been around there
yeah hey friends I don't lie so now I
media think that you can just walk up
places and just like take food this is
great
walk around the market and just like
take everything they seem that he's
confident yeah yeah like that are no
Cardoza sleep all right is kind of like
did you take your time I think that yeah
this here you know so we're home
Jonathan's gone to the dentist and the
media is dancing I'm just catching up on
some laundry and it is such a nice sunny
day it just makes such a difference so
I'm going to get some chores done before
we have lunch for lunch we're having
empanadas because that's what we got a
thumb racket and we got some treats for
tonight as well and a mini I got a good
cop and they gave her a little taster of
a doughnut that's what which was so cute
what they do as well is that they use
all most of their ingredients are
actually from the market so the farmers
markets they will use like organic
free-range eggs and like just a lot of
natural and free-range and organic
products that they find at the market so
they support other stalls as well which
i think is really cool like their apples
and like all of their ingredients are
putting a high quality so we were just
talking about that and how like you know
it's better because they just started
doing doughnuts now if you know what
goes into them rather than getting like
the shop bought ones which are usually
full of junk and that's so true so
especially for like kids and stuff it's
something that you like you don't even
think about but it's so true
like I way prefer when Amelia's eating
like if she eats any kind of a sweet or
like junk food or anything like that
I wait for if it's a cupcake that I
baked myself rather than like
a chocolate barks oh my goodness so
Amelia just came into me like this I was
just working here on my laptop and she
just comes into me to like mama got a
shoe she has a dad has you shoes Wow
pretty girl yeah dad I'm sure shoes
you look like dad how can you even walk
in them Oh your teddy
but your teddy bear what's this you just
wanted to be like this now what you're
the one is you're so funny
dad dad what's that though seriously
like is that the swimmer hat or
something yeah he looked like dead he's
got that as shoe shoes his belt and his
hat you are so I seriously could not
make this stuff up like this is how
funny she is why it's not a scarf it's a
belt belt but you're wearing it like a
scarf yeah you can have it as a scarf oh
oh what is this this is a swim hawk
somebody please tell me what this is oh
you want to put on Suzanne's gonna come
and she's gonna think you're a little
freak what's all this
okay you go find something else this is
great she's entertaining herself I don't
even need a babysitter she keeps coming
in with more clothes on okay
dad's probably not going to be very
happy with this one yeah I think they're
new and I think maybe we should put them
back okay because I know but there are
data as toys kind of maybe I need to
stop doing what I'm doing in a cute look
after my childhood so I went to the
dentist um I got my teeth all clean hi
hi I got clean and these scales and
everything I just figure you know when
you're leaving the country to go to new
country where you don't know the dentist
and you don't know the doctors you don't
know anywhere that's why we're going to
see our OB for Anna's follow-up
appointment we're gonna go see that here
in Arlen so we get that you know I think
we're going I'm not really sure I think
we're gonna start em eduardo's and shots
and vaccinations in Ireland before we go
I just got my teeth perfectly all
beautifully done in scale haha I'm
actually I'm I booked Amelia in for
tomorrow for the dentist we're good how
exciting is that gonna be right because
I was talking away to Claire she was
saying that like a lot of like
two-year-olds can get cavities
themselves they're eating too much sugar
or you know or you know it's really
important that a kid like gets used to
the scariness of a dentist so like the
first time they don't let the space
vendors is when it's like for a bad
reason so as I don't you know what
poking for tomorrow
so I mean let's go to the dentist
tomorrow for the first time how much fun
is that gonna be I'd like Claire's
really cool so she let me film the whole
thing well that's gonna have to be so
much fun and then and then I see loads
of stuff to get that the business stuff
so I had to go and do all that
ladee blah it's been a long day it's
their four o'clock and I gotta go home I
gotta go home and I'm super tired but
you know you know how you keep saying
that you're gonna do something and then
one thing leads to another and you just
keep procrastinating and procrastinating
procrastinating and the day start going
by and you're like okay I really need to
get this done so I've been saying for
the last two days but I'm going to clear
it the upstairs just go through
everything that we don't need put it in
the skip and I just need to get my act
together and do it
so I'm here in the cupcake room this one
is easy
because I have everything pretty much
separated so this is all the stuff
that's going to be thrown out so I'm
just gonna make grab bean bags because
that will make it easier than like
carting things up and down the stairs
and I'm going to do it room by room so
having a declutter and purge this house
of all the crap that we're not taking
it's always this time in a day you and
me and up here alone a is for awesome a
is for our dough our dough is for
awesome we always end up here watching
it a Minecraft hanging out drinking the
coffee's don't you need to say me today
yeah hi do you like this day me today
and you know with that I have to keep
kind of moving like this otherwise I get
upset yeah hi hi there mr. smiley man hi
there mr. smiley man hello mr. smiley
man yeah cute no cute he's a cute smiley
man huh are you a cute smiley man yeah
we should go just mighty huh smiley can
you taste my tea can you say Dada can
you say mama
Amelia's first word was data so just
saying if you feel up to it no pressure
but I will be expecting your data okay
no pressure no pressure no pressure
ooh we should put you in to fetch my two
Oh
hi there hi there hi there twirl twirl
twirl I can't seem to find the media
anywhere then you won't know where to me
is I can't seem to finish it over here
she over here hello Amelia I just can't
seem to figure out where she is I just
run over his check I'll be right over
here 600 just start cooking and are
getting my ingredients ready rather
something you might I know no I know I
just started the recipe calls for 200
grams of frozen peas we had garden peas
and super sweet sweet corn here is 200
grams of frozen peas my hands are frozen
you can probably guess when I just spent
the last 15 minutes doing yeah stupid
tonight's my view is Ron and
Casta social you're not monogamous
fancier but anyway so we've got our
pasta garlic I love the smell of garlic
deseeded chilli olive oil
prawns and frozen peas tomato puree and
some parmesan which is great ok this is
what it looks like so far
nice cute taking away pastas done and
add the parmesan now I was in different
ages too great but you know what it's so
much better when you get a like this and
then freshly grated yourself and I know
that what I had always been lazy and
just used the already pre greater one
but this one smells made my goodness
look what we've done I actually feel
like I live in a restaurant I live in a
mixin star restaurant look at this look
at this wait wait wait wait wait you
gotta put your the proper stuff son
looking at what do we got here prawn
king pop oh look at you two Qadri oh
this is a fine dining establishment does
he use the fork to get to the hand yeah
it looks amazing huh
you look amazing oh look at em yeah
actually I'll give you care for the
chilli dough which one you want I taught
you my like the Apple one Oh careful
so which one not this one
you can't touch all of them whichever
one you touch you have to have which way
that way good choice see she's so funny
we she chooses they anyway look my
dentist gave that gave this little pack
for Amelia lucky came in a new
toothbrush and a tube watching chart and
some stickers and stuff well we're gonna
have so much fun tomorrow and this and I
got it needs to come his gums checked it
is gums cleaned Oh
Biba Oh Biba
why must you stroll and troll everything
why must you troll everything yeah I
think you have to go to bed I'm pretty
sure you have to go to bed how are you
sure you have to go to bed hey you you
there Tito did you just fart in Tico's
face look at a little peek oh wow okay
okay okay do we want to say goodnight to
our friends that's my question to you do
you want to say goodnight to your
friends do you oh my goodness you know
when like you're doing a project or so
like this moving thing which is seven
million things and all the little balls
like floating in the air to make it all
work and it's like because what happened
last time with the house you know we got
so close and then Roger sort of crumbled
because like one little ball broke and
then it was like oh and I was like oh
and they all started falling on top was
when it's like today it was like
everything was in place far too little
things and then within this way I got a
phone call that worked and then emails
that another thing worked and it was
like I looked up and I was like oh my
goodness everything is aligned Mentos
Mentos because I've been stopping myself
going like why don't you go like no I
just got an email from version brought
back I have Robin and I am not even
there
we have broadband in the house nice one
yeah Wow awesome all right let's get you
high
you know how exciting are you are you an
exciting person let me know very
exciting person you're there you're
there calm we need to try this edge did
you get just to go
Piper bad friends oh wow oh wow is that
that sounds amazing
that sounds like an amazing guy
night-night Hardaway I'll put the boobs
away
say bye friends say bye what else on the
new way oh no no do you want to go to
bed yeah
Oh bye
yeah here you go in there oh my sure
burping the dirt nor phenylephrine what
you don't speak backwards I cannot
believe you don't speak backwards oh my
god hey hey look the guy over here
doesn't speak a little steak right oh oh
goodness well I guess you're gonna have
to watch the video all over again from
the start this time going to have to
learn it to be backwards Shh
thank you much for watching today's
video episode I hope you come back
tomorrow
I really do and if it's not too much
trouble give it no backing like she
really mean that squish it there even
all comment that's you come back
tomorrow do it all over again
you know you'll feel better pressing
just bread I'll give you a second press
there now huh did not feel good now
figured that feel good giving giving us
good you know even little comments -
it's not too much is you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching thanks for watching
front
