Biba Oh be ma where are you where are
you let's know that's not baby you are
in some mood you're a mess er well we
got you the garden what's this
would you steal what's that off it is
York summary in the summer in the city I
know you have to wait yeah the Sun yeah
actually yeah I know
in the US the front is the back not you
hello it's prepared a little automated
thing night as the Sun sets you're
sitting there it like moves you yeah be
fine now yeah well your finances I wish
I could just do it all in one Cosmo yeah
but then it'd be like over three citing
adventure I'm most excited about there
hey troublemaking Kim would you here so
we're making tea Oh today's operation do
the garden you stay here for a second
okay honey oh my Maserati Quattroporte
it's the exact same one that I used to
have hilarious
all right so di I'm to a playground car
park they're building it or something so
it's closed
come over here but this is a pain this
place is even a pain machine even it is
so I don't know what it is but I'm gonna
put in a euro
I'm gonna try and put in the arrow how
long's a yoga okay I have to go off over
a little bit friend a little bit
off-road Ã¤j-- huh leave the rock classy
he's that one is that where that's
jam-packed huh back in the day we was
like oh my god Sonny a couple of tins
down to the beach now it's like Oh to
the playground the times have changed
friends
times have changed okay you can go down
now so Jonathan has gone out with Amina
he's taking her out so that I could film
I just needed to fill moving in for
Thursday kind of posturing I hope you
like then that means for me to do
because he's not defeated until that's
well it's there
no so yeah he was like super hungry this
morning because he woke up he heard me
and then he fed and then he wouldn't I
tried to feed him out like six or seven
and he wouldn't so that resulted in him
being getting like super super hungry
right when we were having our breakfast
or no no it wasn't after breakfast and I
was trying to do other stuff and you
know and he just was like I hate when
that happens
because you know I just I prefer when I
kind of know what respect and because he
just he would I don't know what there
was something you just wouldn't feed
this morning like early so he'd starve
it back media
Amelia are you going thank you huh lead
the king of the castle you and it slide
down the slide are you just gonna twin
the last thing around
go faster go faster go faster step to
step geez ya know what's up you got this
little adventure here no what are you
gonna do what's the plan
give me a Hyundai's ready look at them
Baskins and Robbins cornuke right there
so what's in here you know right let's
get to it if you want to get do it are
you making food what are you making you
cookin pandanus cooking something
incredible tonight pretty sexy of them
experimenting edge like the realm of
pasta potato oh my goodness it's
potatoes
what chicken drumsticks on potatoes what
are you making pink yes blue good girl
pink and blue this Albie have blue my
droid er doesn't have a bobo Eduardo has
a scarf kind of oh yeah and media has a
pope media has a blue bow bow like Alby
and teal what color Bobo does movies
have movies yeah this girl Eduardo yeah
does movies have pink
is newbies bull pink newbies has a pink
bow bow Albie has a blue globe oh yeah
theosis blue and Cena
Cena's is pink yeah how funny look
you didn't vacuuming hey Joe crooners
very stereotypical gender type person's
maybe we should like switch it up 2014
already you maybe it's time for the
doggy friends to king their garden
no wait Nevaeh huh you excited by unity
he's a UK I've known because I've never
been there before and I heard that this
parks Batali's you know and everybody in
anything really likes Toffees so I'm
really excited mm-hmm
maybe I can go to someone else um you
guys hey guys let's Tito is Tito here
he's so funny so cutting the grass
that's hidden some grass cutting he's
cuttin she's gotten extra lights and
actually cut it in a bit so it's such a
beautiful day I can she feel the heat on
my head and neck so that's all hot I'm
not leaving Ireland until this hot water
goes away what's the weather like in UK
you're hot don't controlling me now
don't controlling me oh no way they're
gonna never look over planes going by
anything like
God wanted it up here now god this is
not happy baby ah not a happy baby but
what he will be happy in the long run
because I just list the Nosefrida
on him and the Cal call saying spray and
is this gross this is honey so T my look
away now if you're squeamish how much I
got out I can't show you too much
because it's actually disgusting but
yeah that's sick
there was so much mucus and so much and
the poor thing he couldn't breathe
properly so I know he hates when I do
this but it's totally worth that when I
do know he can breathe easy
miss do a thief that's why he's upset
too when he thought he was getting the
group and I came over me and mommy came
over with the Nosefrida hey did you hear
me coming
did you you're not gonna believe the
weather outside of mania seriously I
feel like we're in Sorrento mmm no I
said serving donut are dull your
favorite parent
you know Father's Day is coming up oh
you know father things come up I'll be
expecting to be wined and dined you know
that hmm the expecting hmm you gonna
make me breakfast huh are you go ahead
thank you going oh oh okay well we go
home yeah we go home yeah know that you
could say no he says it weight you off
didn't he step mickey mickey's near
called papa because Erica calls him papa
so she started calling him papa
so I mean yeah I played and almost has
for a little while but now I have to go
home because I say my dinners just about
ready look she's running up straighter
like FIBA media
or you need you thank you come on let's
go
no thanks mom because we have loads left
over there selling furniture in the
carpets the peasants begun oh my god the
weather today is phenomenal
seriously this is incredible ugh I
actually felt like I was getting Sun I
actually English tapas lives I was
topless I was going topless it's like
it's too hard it's too hard for her
clothes I have to wear I have two sons
Jay old boggy but then every time you
know you're like do you like oh yeah
I'll take the top off I'll cut the grass
like yeah wow I'm just walking around
like Peter Andre's mysterious girl you
know then you catch a reflection of
yourself off the windows from the back
of the house you just like I don't like
oh don't look anything like that
well that's a shame so I'm trying to
can't pick up on it Anna's trying to
cook this potato meat pink so I need to
get inside and get it off I need to pick
it up because she smoked her mom says
and she was like I've come here but then
if she comes here in the way where the
media and Eduardo that'll just end badly
so I was like you know what I'll split
and offload and I'll get it done to you
my goodness it is so sunny I can't get
over hot water I can't get over to order
okay I have to make a call I have to
book the movers oh my goodness this is
gonna be Oh wrong number this is gonna
make it so real like a day
looking an actual booking walking
okay what happens when you put oh you
got a relevance and you put immediacy
Parsi down you like to sit in it and
sucks to put the safety first now put
the thing on leave us leave the
excitement lads look at that thing look
at that thing you've just become a
homemaker whoo a little bit of chili so
good isn't it smells out the bottle of
tomato chicken is so good
are you enjoying the hook you know yeah
I'm glad you're hoping I'm just doing it
is you you're so good at it ninis huh
you should have put that in your in your
CV where I got mine what I would only
pinch the deal I wouldn't have been
engaged for how long engagement tears
what am i AG quicker one year yeah sorry
oh we're together like we are what I
would engage you faster if I had known
we need to salvation Salvation Army so
this is what the dinner looks like burnt
no it's actually it tastes really good
he's got a drum key yeah I do you like
the dream that's potato no wait she was
even it's alright chill chill figure it
out rent over there all your
potato roll your roll your zero man hey
crazy pants you guys think about your
friends come on quickly
we gotta go to bed we gotta go to bed we
ready go to bed hey come on say goodbye
to your friends quitting see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for watching quickly jumpy DD
Endon segment say something funny
hello I'm the funny man who's here to
walk you home bring you to your car and
satine with you that's the after party
can you see after party after party did
you enjoy today's episode Amelia did you
learn to say blue pink pink and blue and
you don't did I hear you say Cena's name
she say Cena no I think you did go see
Amelia is totally just ruining
everything in my life when you're moving
you know the stuff gets left everywhere
and now she's found I think she's
playing my GoPro thingy and then she's
just dropping it what apparently they're
indestructible
so hopefully that means it's gonna
survive anyway guys thanks so much for
watching today's episode because a bye
see you guys tomorrow
