good morning who's saying good morning
you stink of poop Lots happening this
morning
Tesco man's coming this morning and
we're getting a skip which is supposed
to come this morning
why are you touching my his poopie
that's a bit weird huh why'd you have a
phone you put in a phone in mommy's bra
I had a boyfriend once Nona is my first
boyfriend or like my first proper
boyfriend and I remember his mom used to
carry her phone ran in her bra really
weird that the Tesco shop has arrived
home trysting now that's pretty cool
that's what I'm making tonight it
Eduardo needs to be fed before we can
put this all away Amita is looking very
summery thank you she got a water bottle
or a juice bottle
okay let's feed it wardo undress him
okay we're going to put that in there
that's not where it goes where are we Oh
was house huh
so I'm getting a skip sent over to the
house today because we're gonna try and
get rid of like Anna said she's going to
be Lucas Lucas my mother you stood out
every summer she'd be ruthless if it's
not put away in its place it was gonna
get thrown at you come home from school
sometime in like June or May depend
narrow drawer and half your room would
be gone all your choice to be Jonah had
you be like wow where you go out to the
skip you'd sneak out to the skip with
her like a rucksack and you'd be like
sneak and snow back into your room like
it's my favorite toy yeah welcome me
that well we are in pretty windows these
last we bring the banner you know is how
much stuff do you like bring Misha
and anyways you get to your new graph
right and then you just put it in a box
in the basement or this zener in a
corner and you never touch it and you're
like why am i bringing this to life with
me
I should probably share my bag off by
God
hello do you have some bug off that's
posh baggage posh baggage is called by
gosh you didn't know but anyway we drop
you in you dropping in are you in to win
let's go it's a very important process
at 11 o'clock every day you must have an
elevenses hatred I'll call it evidences
anymore bars you this is breakfast bar
raisin mommy mister chink is the last
box it is run it there you go huh
Kellogg's ruining jokes since 2014
fruity breakfast bars oh yeah Skippy
Skippy and then just kind of good my
friend's car well I'm not reading but am
let's get sticky Skippy full of all this
junk in my trunk um when we turn it all
of the media's toys and all that is
closed and it's tried to get her driving
license or just because somebody forgot
you forget huh that's what happens
that's a rather already so you you're
the one who forgot no I didn't forget
here I forgot mine yeah oh right up to
the two year mark
like yeah someone June yeah but if we
leave the country
yeah you see now the new license I have
an old pinkie license a book but the new
licenses they have to take your
photograph so I don't have to be present
you know so once you leave the country
it's going to be a nightmare like
Eduardo we didn't organize his passport
before he left so would have to do to
the consulate in London which would be a
nightmare
but anyway better waiting because
Amelia's passport picture is still when
she was like what eight month old she
does and actually but it's like that way
for the next three years here's three
years zero to three but she looks so
different now Oh hilarious hilarity
ensues all right get to work guys I want
all this in the skip go just stopped by
my mom's house to pick up Amelia and I
didn't get a chance to do anything in
this skip which is kind of annoying but
it came so late that between feeding
Eduardo and doing laundry and all that
kind of stuff I don't really get a
chance to but I mean it was great that
my mom took her for a while just because
I knew she was getting super bored and
she kept talking it's not much to go to
my mom's house so or at least she wanted
to see her but I invited them over for
dinner tonight because I'm making all of
these recipes are like for six people
and so we always have lots of leftovers
so I invited them over tonight so she'll
see her again
but I'm gonna go get em you know metal
video tenacious all right honey lines
breaking furniture is a lot more
enjoyable than making furniture we are
flying through it we are stacking up
here but I'm just breaking up the
furniture Brian notices looks like bro I
made some do today looks like it's a lot
more fun taking it apart
they're breaking issue orders like the
opposite you know IKEA is there like we
abided flat pack and you build it wonder
he go to places where the stuff is
already made and then you bring it home
and smash it that'd be cool well my maid
passed us up my stop oh my god I could
smell those eggs it's smelt like Easter
huh you could smell the eggs cuz Emma
was cracking her opening them and it
smelt like mr. hello did you have a nice
time oh yeah I think she wasn't yeah
maybe
actually she had a lot of them breakfast
yeah I kind of forced that her breakfast
I didn't but she was watching Peppa Pig
and then I just kept putting the
spoonfuls into her mouth and it kept
working so I don't know not she doesn't
usually like being inside she allowed it
this morning so I just took the fun
Vantage cuz sometimes just need
breakfast or sometimes she does okay
let's go home to Eduardo and Dada Park
it up there empty area come on let meet
you lunch come eat your lunch was right
here make myself a squishy toasty see I
make the lunch Anna makes two dinners
this is what I prepared for the family
and it goes with two large triangles
Amelia goes with the sliced selection
sliced Selectron you locally summary in
your luminous pink
learning an acid-like are each kind of
learn both GMO cucumber how cucumber
just like man was like a mr. melon
squishy squishy check wishy squishy
check you squishy check I'll get it Tang
in another one smiler sway these wings
oh oh oh oh do I do oh why is that so
today me making a baby laughs oh he's so
cute
a is for awesome your dad would like
this is for awesome hmm oh I hate
touching meat but I'm making the
Tetrazzini tonight which is involving
chicken thighs and yeah I've never
actually no I have made chicken thighs
before but I've never had to strip them
and skin them and bone them and all that
kind of stuff
I just hate working with meat in general
all I just think it's both but I got
nice lovely free-range ones so there are
happy chickens so um and I'm just boning
them now and it's it's grossing me out I
need an apron I need to disinfect
everything Oh yucky here are my
ingredients for tonight we've got some
fresh cream some mushrooms garlic
porcini mushrooms which smell they smell
funk I can't I don't ever know what if I
like the smell of mushrooms or not like
I like it but then I don't kind of like
funky white wine spaghetti
parmesan and salt pepper the chicken is
marinating nicely and that's it for now
and then my family are coming over at
6:00
so are there dogs in the door no I'm
gonna set the table and get everything
kind of ready for them teeny Eduardo's
okay over there and not choking on
something almost out sighs she is she
doesn't believe me she doesn't believe
me
you take the drink - come on let's go
let's go check come on I got a little
harder on me here we'll pause the pigs
let's go check let's see is this real is
this real it looks like it's real this
is real Hey look at these people
Jeremy skip are you checking me skip
yeah I've never baked spaghetti in the
oven before it looks weird Henry we're
gonna pop this in the oven for 15
minutes and
bTW is not a healthy America cream and
Parmesan it's not healthy okay Sophie
look very healthy meal this is not it
sorry but it probably will taste good
and this is what it looks like it looks
really good actually cut all crispy so I
try attempt to put this out with it yeah
that's gonna be hard
oh no leftovers today huh I have
literally been waiting for this she
mentioned that she's gonna make this
thing white wine chicken mushroom
spaghetti creamy sauce Bowl trials
sleepy child oh my goodness look at that
huh and any you don't want to be plenty
of takers these really came over to
store our food don't give anything dogs
yes emotional or mothers it looks so
good it looks so good Porsha you're not
getting in little friend
you get dooba dooba eric is gone with
the chemcam slam Margaret Hagen when
she's failing
this isn't understand about the mocha
the Tim times them doesn't work the same
you got ever Kim Samsung say Kim cam
mm-hmm yeah I say Tim Tom change okay it
was pretty good actually
Tim o time o in that oh my goodness
Suzy I was making some fried egg
cracking lattes go to changing all the
babies
somebody did talk about not innovation
not money arrogance are immediate
denture where you can have some after
sandy :
give me on this video so hello
my name is Bianca Navy hello everybody
hello everybody hello everybody
Naomi Heidi
Oh media is obsessive okay what up we
better do Game two of the sink the game
this is the way no one's taking no one's
gonna take that from you we'll use
molding it light oh can I have that
radius there's a new word give me a give
it up oh okay yeah
oh my god he's just a fella
what's going on what's going on I'd be
back say I'd be back
hi oh my goodness guys we forgot to say
bye yesterday to our friends why didn't
you say bye kiddo you have to an extra
special one because you forgot to do it
yesterday no no no nothing felt it no no
no no you've got a glove dude look look
I challenge you to a duel that's what
you do you know okay give me the best
buy you've ever done in your life
I mean the best one say bye Wow boy boy
hey McFly all right for real so say
bye-bye
today tomorrow thanks for stopping by
all right folks all right folks all
right folks all right folks all right
folks so long farewell auf wiedersehen
goodbye I'd like to stay with this video
running infinitely for the rest of our
lives but unfortunately I think this
video is going to end now let's all hold
hands together come on hey guys thanks
for tuning in as always you guys are the
bomb and diggity the people who can use
the word bomb take it anymore I'm
bringing it back bringing back bomb
diggity that's what I'm doing folks
don't forget you click the links because
they bring need to magical mystical time
it's it essentially I've created a time
machine
you're welcome see you tomorrow
