now no tears no tears I'll be counting
them before we leave now I don't have to
copy buzz-buzz oh yeah I'll be happy to
sing with Marty you're sure oh good
morning and welcome to death vlog ot is
as you tell aya I decided to go on a
fresh face I figured out every now and
again must last to face breed bleeding I
know I know I always do every now and
again just about my face breathing just
to see what I look like underneath that
meant in repair oh hi Jovie
by next weekend it'll be back should all
be ready again I don't know let's see I
was so young whenever I do I was in
Animas oh my god like I look like Kenya
rollers on my 10 year old regrets right
back in time you know I think you two um
you do always hit an age when I was
younger I mean when I was in school it
was always me and my friends I would
like go to like but to the office and
stuff like that because we were like
looked always older and then I always
looked a certain age and then I got to
that age and now I've kind of passed
that age but then I still get told I
look like that age and that's like an
age that I'm like stuck at you know but
I've just got on it was kind of it's
kind of funny I decided I'm gonna make a
video over my other channel my joke joke
channel because there's so many stuff in
the comments about our London trip you
know Harland I was moving to London and
I figure I was kind of like I haven't
mean say I've been kind of reading them
and just being like how well-known
really cares you know and then I noticed
that upon me not efficiently answering
the question order for answering the
question and then sort of speculation
and misinformation travels around and
then sort of like fox book be facts get
made out of nothing and then I'm like I
know here like you know it should just
like step in and just are like do a
quick Q&A so I'll leave the link down
below and I'll leave an annotation may
be here somewhere I'm gonna stick it up
on my other channel and hopefully
dancers
ruins questions in relation to wire
moving to London and the house and what
we're doing there and who were working
with and all this kind of stuff you know
what are you doing are you wearing your
boots today so media decided today was
the day for her Peppa Pig boots you
dancing twinkle twinkle little star huh
I feel a little bit better today but I'm
still so not happen you to bump your
head I know so I feel a little bit
better but I still definitely have a
cold and a cough and whatever else but
I'm glad it's not the flu because
yesterday at one point I was like this
is the flu because I did feel so bad
yesterday but um thankfully it seems
should just be a cold poor Eduardo
though he had a real bad night last
night especially in the beginning of the
night like when we put him down like
initially he just would not stop crying
because every time he went to sleep to
wake himself up because he got stuffed
up and he would like try and breathe and
you know through his nose or whatever
and it wasn't liking obviously so last
it was tough but we made it we're still
alive we're all here so it's okay
weddings off legs
what tightens up you like her Bobo I
can't see it hey no wait oh like no
Ellie oh my gosh it's Deirdre the G
isn't there do you have Union Jack bows
for all the dogs she's like actually
tried to find him wouldn't it be so cute
though my geologist usual Jack Chloe's
under life
how they've liked ya huh Emilia actually
has an English accent so she's gonna
blend in perfectly fine I don't have an
English accent although when they grow
up I say it like you never know where
we'd end up
no might only be London for five minutes
Oh run rabbit run rabbit quick quick
quick
comes Amelia with a stick stick stick I
know why mia has taken this this story I
think so
now don't fall come on come on give it
some welly well oh it's a push mommy in
Oh
oh good job shouldn't open
this ticker you want any goes to death
you finally got a small copy that's a
small copy well that's actually quite
large in terms of necessity
oh good mommy got I don't even know what
it is but we're at table number five you
know what's to know
huh believe our Juice you like that yeah
excited and we got around that chicken
luckily I then got an ages on please
regular and then I'm gonna
no back in the fifties huh back in the
fajita chickens friends he totally
forgot that I had this cookbook here so
one of the things that I don't like
about what's not a cookbook it's a
recipe book and now it's not closing
properly so being annoying okay there we
go I got that as a birthday present a
couple of years back and I've used it
twice I just noticed that I have two
recipes written in but one of the things
that I don't like about the whole like
cooking thing nowadays especially is
that I get a lot of the recipes that I
use that I really really like online and
I hate having to like pull up my laptop
and read off a screen because number one
it's impractical because the laptop
keeps you know how your laptop keeps
like not turning off but going blacks
you have to keep like refreshing the
page or logging in or whatever at least
with mine does that or I'm using my
phone and same thing I have to keep like
logging in and so it's kind of annoying
plus it's not like tangible you know you
can't go and be through a book and find
it so what I thought I would do is the
last couple of recipes that I've used
have been good I really liked them so I
remember that I had this recipe book and
I thought I would just go online and
find them again and write them down like
into my book and that way everything's
in one place and this is kind of cool
because it has like starters fish meat
veggies baking and desserts so I'm going
to do that now and then I will hopefully
build up like a little repertoire of
recipes that I can go to whenever I need
to and everybody luckily liked the ones
that I've made so far so so far so good
good morning again my little friend is
friend Lee's friend
oh yeah Reverend Liga's friend gotta get
up for school and get up for school it's
not June yet Oh summer holidays yet
friend mrs. McCarthy wants to check your
math homework do you have your homework
done Neil you have your home do you have
your algebra lon huh
you know math and science do a science
test even know what's going on it's this
real life we have to them there's you go
and connect the doggies and it's really
sad we've decided to although all four
of us because am the girl geared
retton's being am putting our doubts
what sounds terrible cooking and he's
been grooming our dogs has actually been
grooming our dogs since we came to court
aunt Ella so she's actually groomed Alba
for like three or four years now she's
crazy and um and then we're leaving and
it's they're all then directive home was
the last time they ever getting a
groomed huh so we've all decided to come
down and say goodbye come only hmm you
don't seem to care
hmm hello little man hello little man
what are you doing you are just
squirming this is going I mean you're a
squirmy little thing huh we're just
waiting on Amelia to get down from her
nap so we can go see the doggy oh you
want some tummy time let's do some tummy
tight huh watch out for giant spiders ha
ha ha oh my gosh Ana's welcome to
Santa's I signed lights were off almost
like the biggest spider in the world
seriously it was like arachnophobia hey
so cute he's so much better today Lisa
can sniffy last night oh my goodness
I kept waking up when kids like a one
window door to my go wherever he is six
weeks go by how old is he again sick
it's like oh so sad because you can't
give him calf all you can to give him
anything you just feel like
and then just jokes they've claimed a
lien we just collected the dogs from the
groomers for the last time
because our groomers had Albie for like
almost four years almost four year I
think it's three and a half years ago
yeah um just in two she was crying but
she saved Albie for last
yeah she actually and then she started
crying when she was handing over at me
which I just had to like pretend was it
like had cold that's why we went to it
because she had been attached with Albie
you know the answer you want you wanting
that loves your dogs yeah and I hope we
find that again I'm really scary you
know any of those dogs it's different is
never kids like you know like of course
I mean you do order we'll get good care
whatever jumbo Jamboree or kids club or
whatever they join you know we find with
the dog it's just it just look it
different because not as many people are
dog people yeah I stay art everyone
became as people you know don't be like
well no obviously people out there that
are bad and are not nice but there's
fewer of them that care about dogs and
animals it's just that's just how it is
so I don't know oh it's just really sad
Oh cute excited to see your doggy friend
sink she daddy do the poo poos outside
oh oh oh
is it poo time we're gonna have a pool
party some problems pink bows pink bows
got pink and the boy stop mmm missing
someone tio now he got blue bubbles
howdy is it a good size I think marking
everything okay so where's my wife and
what he be done with her
this is amazing this is amazing just
going on well get him some prawn lemons
being grinded and everything what is it
grated great everything except the Khan
yak is in this ya know and I was like
it's tea week is like we were IOM a war
a thing of it we never use the Tia Maria
there anything else going could you
don't think so we have this bottle of
champagne acceptance a party cannon we
need to pop that before we go wine wine
champagne and that crazy beer oh my god
you guys ever see this I never drank it
though but look 65 percent proof I think
it's made in Scotland or something that
what are you saying what do you say what
do you say can we go it fit my finger in
there let me get in there get in there
oh I got in there I got Emilia cooties
immediate cooties
those people were saying in today's
video that I put up the queue a London
Q&A
links in the description below check it
out that I look like a giant the media
as anyone was in like where I'll do the
beard I look like a jelly or maybe
immediate looks like my daughter just
like put it out there I think I came
first you came first the chicken or the
egg
okay first chicken or the egg Oh
exactly exactly is exactly what I was
thinking so tonight's menu is pasta all
day every day it's always basta but
seriously I know when we were growing up
we had pasta like four times a week so I
don't feel guilty about this
this is rot what is it called
shrimp charliekelli with uh something I
don't know it's shrimp tomatoes lemon
it's kind of a summary one I don't know
where I mean his cup is do you know
where her cup is who's always hopping
she always like taste it somewhere and
then loses it so I have no idea where it
is
oh it's hidden in guardo swing anyway
but she seems to like the meals that I
make from scratch
it's maybe it's because they're all
pasta actually I don't know but she
seems to really like them like she got
excited so I don't know how are you I'm
excited it's seafood you're kind of bury
them up I know so I'm excited to see if
people like this it's got fresh parsley
in there to add some ricotta cheese
you're treating us you know hey guys
it's Eduardo's and Tony Joni here I'm
just having an ice bath at the end of
Ardi my days are quite difficult
sometimes I have to eat sometimes I have
to sleep sometimes I have to burn and
from time to time I'm just lying my
stomach I hope my parents like what I
will over give them a bit of a drill so
sometimes I do it for them sometimes the
door because I don't want to get them
too excited expect too much for me you
know gotta keep me cool keep me at a
distance
you know clay mean keep keen that's my
game guys this is my sister Oh what are
you doing why is it you're like over
like calmness the craziness you're crazy
you know that
she's also crazy and then Emilia hit the
camera and it fell into the bag and that
was the end of the camera mm-hmm
it didn't actually happen that way but
she's mental she is mental baby child
but so on my mental baby adults trial so
I suppose it all works out in the end I
would Eduardo is going to be like be
like super cam and like just chilled out
all the time or just be another mentor I
don't know mental our kids are kind of
fun though
only then is the same time they're kinda
mental it's a lot of man uses the word
mentals in today's video today's video
is sponsored by mentals so I don't
forget to check the link down below for
any Q&A about the London move I hope
I've answered some questions for you
guys this possums are a spectrum later
on and also see you guys tomorrow thanks
for stopping by
um goodbye my
