yeah a smiley wait this morning huh
watching some crap these you want a
smiley road friend me this money my
friend
good morning everybody and everybody's
sick except for me me me I brought home
the infection passed it on to mom
the pastor Don's Eduardo and I'm just
keeping my distance
oh man cherry oh that's so better
demandin mucus you got though this is
what you do and how many think oh I feel
like poo today sucks being sick and
having a small baby I remember this from
first time I ever got sick as a mom with
Amenia it just like floored me how
exhausting because you're so exhausted
already from them this is just like I
don't have time for this but anyway I'm
still trying to power through and not
let it get the better the best of me
because I feel like sometimes if you're
just stay in bed all day and you know
mope around it gets its get it gets the
better of you and you actually feel
sicker but if you keep trying to power
through sometimes it doesn't get you as
bad so I'm just talking up in the LEM
sips today and I'm just trying to get
stuff done but I feel like poo it's crap
okay get the tink place what a
toothbrush okay hold on hold on we gotta
keep us cameras put it a little a little
oh okay the zombies too stingy okay put
in a little water okay don't break that
again
okay you go you love your backpack
backpack say backpack
love it like it's a little friend sub
city hurts ready to buy snot no tissue
everybody has toy all of these cards
that she brought to me I'm all stuffed
up I'm trying to eat some watermelon
probably like how it tastes it yeah at
all so yeah that sucks we have to eat it
up I'm so lazy I'm blood even taking at
the scenes but uh we bought watermelon
the last day for my cupcakes we could
never buy watermelon because the truth
is they're not very good at our lid like
ever cuz they're not I don't think that
road here I don't know why they're
important I'm so stuffed up I'm sorry
but I'm trying to eat it cuz you have
like a whole half I'd like we had to
otherwise just for the other half left
but nobody else is eating it except me
so I don't want it to go to waste
but I can't taste anything what else we
only in Turkey decent drinking
so chemic cookie may Thunder just put
out
want me to hold it okay you think we
need some lemon cheesecake can't argue
can't argue even ours oh happy foods
it's going to everything he's going
through it all friends
now get one of these cheese's get one of
these take that take the cheese no no no
no think this one trust me vintage is
better no vintage is better
trust me yeah
good choice good choice now we're good
on the milks hi hi there alright what do
we get
what did we score seven one three four
three five oh god I can't reach seven on
three four to five code not valid for
three five idiot seven or four three
four three five how's that woman how's
that one for you coach it slides she
taped it she took that one
what's that
towstee time folks towstee time local
trying out one of these neat little
clips I can't it coolican huh okay here
you go now be careful don't forget sip
your espresso okay you know you go
sniffles I'm gonna just I'm gonna pet
you from over here and then I'm gonna
wash my hand and disinfect this hey hey
Amelia Amelia Amelia where are you oh no
tickling before naptime it always ends
in a bad situation
where's PIPA fever so Germany today when
I was over at Alma's house because the
internet was down in our heads and I
brought in for our dough over and I
brought a media home I totally forgot to
bring her jacket home where are we I
forgot your jacket and then I wanted to
go out and play in the road today with
all the kitties and I was like damage I
don't have our jacket you need over the
last two days that we haven't had this
hasn't been that bad but today it's way
too cold so I had to drive all the way
over to his house didn't we
but unfortunately Alma's not here I have
a Kido and I actually see that video I'm
someone commented while ago that became
a topic of discussion about Anna not
having a key to her mom says and it
doesn't eat her mom I have a key to
everyone says I have a key to my mom
said it's too right but the way I always
look at it saying where Anna's mom's
house is that like if Anna's mom is
there or if my mom is in her house I'll
ring the doorbell cuz I'm like I don't
live there anymore so it's kind of rude
to just like stroll into them in case
you don't live there even though I did
live there before previously and it's
the same way if she likes you Anna
she's not here now I can see you she's
not here so I'll use the key and now
myself in that's the kind of
that'sthat's two rules of keyholder
shift now I friend when you move
will you still use the key your zoki
friend are you so cute hey hey
amelia is cute you're so funny he's so
funny
come on let's go get your jacket going
playing the road hippity hop Cheers put
your bunny ears up cami Museum all
righty
well I'm falling Fifi new Fifi little
cuddles I think I rope you into building
a desk I just came for a jacket oh I
think I wrote to building a desk this
thing is very complicated
yeah he's gonna build my desk
okay T to make sunglasses okay this
actually turned out to be way more
complicated than expected but hey the
drawers they actually work yeah drawers
are so complicated to make okay we have
this part done we're almost done I think
I realized how much of a task what's
involved
oh five six the blob way in life forgot
to share it oopsie you double complete
oh nice nice bit of work that's not a
bit of Karma for today
does that think Sabine I've got a lot of
good news lately so in case some bad
news is on the way it's good to do a bit
of karma oh my goodness be an explosive
situation it says mucus or cold or
something we're having some leftover
pasta but I picked Amira tripped over it
was like a volcano erupted the ride over
and jumped over I just picked them up
sorry my chocolate or something but he
immediately starts smiling at me any
more smiles in there any more smiles
there oh yeah well it's just our doll
hmm mm I get it
yeah I don't it's so late like we're not
going to change its total effect it's
all over now
yeah no it's probably better this do it
smiled any more smiles no I'm such a
cool moment like it was just like laughs
in his mind every time it makes a little
noise he's like my best friends so we
say our Dobie by best friends let's go
is that Beavis then offer our dough can
I don't have it they might use this
little top hmm look at the baby look at
the little baby give the baby a hug mmm
you giving kisses to our dough you see
your favorite butter her favorite
brother say brother careful though don't
squish your brother it's very small and
gentle what are you doing oh I'm not
sure what you know it's yeah you is this
WrestleMania you gotten down for the
count
oh no we're in trouble now hey comes
mommy you tired out
he always looks at it though those
watches her German are sighs oh yeah
yeah yeah you always look so read her
see what she's up to
he's gonna see what the kid cute what's
the cool kids up to justice boom full of
couple future couple o medicine time Wow
before you take your medicine say bye
bye II get that overweight case you miss
it unfortunately orders and get some
these two months oh my god oh I see
tomorrow this is nice Sunday signing off
on a Sunday you gonna sign off on a
Sunday my bebop be about my like oh okay
I know the end is near and so I say del
final 30 can you say final curtain oh
wow that didn't exactly sound like final
curtain now do this hey thanks so much
for watching today's episode thank you
thank you okay now say bye it's a very
serious situation here folks goodbye
goodbye farewell see you guys tomorrow
no we get to leave a nice tasty comment
because they were certainly are tasty
comments and yesterday the video never
so tasty i gobbled them all up
mmm
