good morning and welcome to today's
presentation I learned the ice I was
just doing a thumbnail for yesterday's
video right how cute was that picture
right but look at this
this is those two um ages ago
look it's not so cute there's a million
fake and there's Amelia and say how cute
is that huh look at the period oh that's
a you know they've been best friends for
life they're lifers today was in a
media's I think he knows near her
birthday was that meatiest birthday uh
yeah the fame when it fades about three
months younger than Amelia look at cute
they look
oh my goodness I just thought that was
really good college well you already
know but like be best friends with your
best friend do you'll have a baby best
friend what have you done to my baby
Jonathan alright what have you done to
my baby
oh that's putting this Potter I put his
little car ourselves oh you know he's
gonna stay with mommy
hey Jeremy I'm gonna get stung or tackle
oh yeah hey mom mom I met this burg last
night in the club and she's like oh
she's gorgeous and enemy and I'm totes
gonna hung up with her right and they're
like I'm not even gonna call or text
there's I'm like no he's not evil not
he's the opposite of I'm terribly
two-timing her with her friend my to
stalks my water supports me did he did
not be any girl you mean and it's
totally the opposite of the most sane
and I'm like when he like if he comes he
lays it down and get married be like
whoa high-five son good idea go on get a
wife and Emilia comes you ready for town
get married be like oh look at cute you
are with your friend oh my goodness that
is so cute and that's hot to be honest I
never expected you know this um thing to
be so controversial
the comments and stuff so many people
are saying stuff about it when I see
kids in the airport with these things on
them you're so cute
I mean they were taught like that's kind
of a weird I don't know I see them in
the shops all the time when I see people
like them but I never would have thought
that that could be anyway sort of like
stirring or something it's so cute
though once you're all the stops oh oh
my goodness so we went to the peel box
before we came here I got some stuff
just so you guys know do not send stuff
to our peel box that's the feel box do
not send stuff to this address anymore
seriously we are going to be gone so
soon and I don't know if we're gonna
have a peel box in the UK you definitely
won't for a while anyway and then I'm
not sure if we're gonna set one up so
don't send things to do box and if you
do you know when we do set up a box
maybe just sends maybe I'll have a new
rule of just sending cards or something
you know not stuffs anymore because like
all I ever really want from you guys is
just to watch our videos oh we do told
you push a wrap you mean about it it's
like don't waste your money on us just
pick the old like button or re-watch old
video click the links at the end of
videos we watch all videos thank you
thank you video ten stuff the
excitement's the trunking okay
Pawel trash different stuff don't see it
here what where's papa that's not Peppa
it's a monkey there's some rare folks
storing more beauty
oh my god that's just what I wouldn't
need the dish drying mat because that
one's all moldy but they're really good
don't they keep everything dry and
because we have wood on our countertop
perfect it keeps it safe hello little
one
it's so cute with his little toy yes I
decided to put something up because I
think he looks for toys now and he was
smiling on his little ones on his fans
Urso felt like he needed some so I'm
thinking about these things whose roof
rack things you know because I have the
add the bars you know the new
Freshwater's things on the top of the
cayenne you see when we move all our
stuff it's going to be like 10 days or
something whatever we're going to be
left with whatever we can bring in the
cayenne and I'm like you know it's like
there's nothing in the house you know so
I'm like okay we can order a bed for
ourselves or we can just figure that for
ourselves or for the kids like they can
so I like if you bought one of these
things to put on the roof we stand we
could polish it the travel cot on
Amelia's butt in there yeah
I don't know and you guys have these
things are they already good you know
they look good they're expensive though
but they look good looks like a lot of
room again on them I've never had it
before I mean I don't know anyone ever
had one so you don't know friend
we did find Esther look Universal tablet
head meant so right you have to have a
pig along the way huh I know what makes
some sense like what's his team gonna be
is it gonna be dinosaurs or syphon
spaceships nautical theme or maybe stars
star is it you would you recommend I do
like the nautical blue white
I like the shipwrecked nautical though
you know they're kind of rough around
the edges
and this is why we need the thing for
because she just disappears hi hi let's
go back this way now now oh what's that
oh oh what's wrong can you not run away
what seems to be the problem
well I think this is great I'm really
enjoying it so far it makes things a lot
easier in terms of running after her
yeah well let's go back to Daddy and
this is really soft too it's really good
where's mommy
okay let's go let's go put a mommy
anyone erm
did you come on
come on up race cars I think she really
loves it all right she's running around
and she's like so excited and happy I
think she loves it and they're so funny
every time she sees another kid or one
line they stop and write what's up -
buddy harness friend like when we used
to get up in the morning
nowadays if I actually got to sleep till
about 7:00 a.m. that's that's a lion
okay and she doesn't understand about
the weekends now my friends at what
point am i are we ever going to lay into
like imagine sleeping for like seven or
eight o'clock oh my goodness
imagine mi-jin friend oh and I got to
the age really people wake up some cells
go downstairs turn on TV you know get a
box of cereal or something like that
I'll be so cool I get so excited about
Lana's it's like a love language
but guess what friend there's Nando's
what we're going they have none those in
England UK none knows oh my god you
Cap'n
you gotta read it look I ate 24 euros
for a cutter do you think friends
actually won that same part everyone sat
down and Rosa you know that onedirection
gauge didn't blow them for next few days
it's like everybody has left everybody
is headed to the capital
there's no one left in the city and
that's the only one that didn't go one
direction Nicky's in one direction today
yeah what's that our friend it has to be
right yesterday everyone that came today
it's like a dog thing and it was filled
with this really cute cupcake thing it's
like a bird feeder look it's a bird
feeder in the form of one cupcake
look at this though and then she said
this is like all cos Jonathan I mean it
our dough can enjoy this together but
look it's like a pop-up thing and it's
the best garlic comment it's you
generate I can't even open our property
but it's like it's so cool so mean and
brighter and enjoy that I'm just so much
juice if someone actually sent me then
this I've never actually bought these
ones before I have the glass one and a
porcelain one like it that when I shot
it and Dan some so tons some Australian
cute clothes and Melia got our first
pair of hot pants to touch them and
apparently you're a lifesaver mate
mmm-hmm
Mike you better go dressing down oh my
god you gave too good to us Oh slippers
Peppa
standard Peppa Pig stuff you guys are
too awesome thank you so much okay so
this is ingredients
for my pasta bake I'm just gonna roast
my butternut squash never cooked butter
know I have to do it once but it was
totally different I didn't have to chop
it up as much actually wasn't that bad
to chop up i used a vegetable peeler so
maybe easier I might got that to him for
my mom so I'm gonna pop this in the oven
and then get started on the rest of the
recipe this is looking pretty good it
smells amazing
so this is a vegetarian dish it tastes
goat you're wondering I know I saw put a
nut squash that kind of hearty and then
penne ricotta
we've got frazzled parmesan mozzarella
organic veggie stock over here she's
just sitting there waiting to put in
sage
did I mention what part of the Ã¶zil
fresh basil and some really nice
ingredients so I'm hoping that you'll
like it okay this is what it looks like
now we're gonna pop that into the oven
for 15 minutes
oh my goodness it looks amazing
is it yeah I hope you guys like him now
what if you don't look at this guy so so
they voted in alphabetical order list
all the meats that are in this I know
you just heard me say right
you go back
well you took a little bit reform the
band nice drums going oh no hands
get the tramples on the go do the shot
take a second you sunk your friends
you're so cute friend are you doing oh
my goodness we're the movers guy came I
haven't found the one that I feel is
like right for us so I'd never won't
come today and it feels pretty good
because I understand but there seems
that the paperwork has all gone through
and everything for the house that we
really really want the one that makes
our keys so Colonel fleeton oh my god if
we actually get their heads guys you're
gonna love it
you're gonna love it you're gonna love
that we film in that house so amazing so
everything seems to be so uh why so yeah
but the dates that we've decided on our
very very soon that's getting a bit of a
hectic few days to try and get
everything organized
isn't it friend huh it's gonna be mental
it's very faint oh all right we better
go don't do it I see I see what's
happening here go do it
say bye-bye
babe I go by I'm just gonna beat my
child and that is the end of todays vlog
ities did you enjoy today's video we're
all busy here watching frozen so we
haven't got time what you'd like frozen
music frozen say bye see you guys
tomorrow thanks so much for stopping by
fortunately honestok amelia is sick and
Eduardo is sick and obviously I'm a
superhuman so I have not been infected
yet
